David Stephen Caruso (born January 7, 1956) is a retired American actor and producer, best known for his roles as Detective John Kelly on the ABC crime drama NYPD Blue (1993–94) and Lieutenant Horatio Caine on the CBS series CSI: Miami (2002–2012). He appears in the feature films An Officer and a Gentleman, First Blood (both 1982), Twins (1988), Kiss of Death (1995) and Proof of Life (2000).
Early life
Caruso was born in Forest Hills, Queens, New York, New York, the son of Joan, a librarian, and Charles Caruso, a magazine and newspaper editor. He is of Irish and Italian descent. His father left the family when David was two years old, resulting in him to "end up fathering myself". Raised as a Catholic, Caruso attended Our Lady Queen of Martyrs Catholic School in Forest Hills, then Archbishop Molloy High School in nearby Briarwood, graduating in 1974.
Caruso worked as a cinema usher, where he would see up to 80 movies a week. He said that he and his co-workers would act out scenes from some of these movies while they were at the back of the theater. In this job he found his role models in Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney and Edward G. Robinson. He said: "The ethics of certain actors certainly had a power over me. These guys taught me how to be what I consider the real scum of the earth."
Career
1980s
Caruso's first movie appearance was in the 1980 film Getting Wasted as Danny. He credits his role as Topper Daniels, "the cadet who nearly drowned", in An Officer and a Gentleman (1982) as what got him noticed. Caruso then spent most of the decade in supporting roles in films including First Blood (1982), Blue City (1986), China Girl (1987) and Twins (1988).
On television, Caruso had a recurring role as Tommy Mann, leader of the street gang The Shamrocks, in seven episodes of the NBC police drama series Hill Street Blues (1981–83). He portrayed U.S. Olympian James Brendan Connolly in the 1984 miniseries, The First Olympics: Athens 1896, and also appeared in two episodes of the series Crime Story.
Caruso featured in the music video for the song "Voyage, voyage" by the French singer Desireless, released in 1986.
1990s
Caruso had supporting roles as police officers in the crime films King of New York (1990) and Mad Dog and Glory (1993). While filming 1991's Hudson Hawk, he employed method acting, refusing to talk to anyone on set because his character, Kit-Kat, was mute, having had his tongue bitten off.
In 1993, Caruso landed his first major role as Detective John Kelly in the police procedural series NYPD Blue, for which he won a Golden Globe Award. TV Guide named him as one of the six new stars to watch in the 1993–1994 season. He made news by leaving the highly rated show the following year (only four episodes into the second season) after failing to obtain the raise he wanted. His decision to leave the series would later be listed in a 2010 issue of TV Guide as #6 on a list of TV's 10 biggest "blunders".
He was unable to establish himself as a leading man in films. His appearances in the 1995 thrillers Kiss of Death and Jade were met with a negative reception from critics, with both films receiving mixed reviews and poor box-office takings, and Caruso was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst New Star for these two roles.
In 1997, Caruso returned to television as a New York City-based federal prosecutor in the short-lived CBS law drama series Michael Hayes, which aired for one season.
2000s
Caruso returned to film with a supporting role as Russell Crowe's mercenary associate in Proof of Life (2000). In 2001, he had a lead role in the cult psychological horror film Session 9, directed by Brad Anderson. Dave Kehr, writing in The New York Times, praises his performance, stating that "it is good to see David Caruso back in action, with a little more technique and a little less ego."
In 2002, Caruso returned to television in his first successful role since NYPD Blue, starring as police Lieutenant Horatio Caine in the CSI spin-off series CSI: Miami. He was the first actor in the franchise to appear as the same character on three of the four CSI programs. He was known for frequently using one-liners at the beginning of each episode. Many of these include him putting on his trademark sunglasses mid-sentence, then walking off-screen just as the main theme starts. On an episode of the Late Show with David Letterman that aired on March 8, 2007, actor and comedian Jim Carrey professed to being a fan of the show and went on to do an impersonation of Caruso, asking for an "intense close-up" from the camera, speaking in a raspy voice and putting on sunglasses. Caruso later said in an interview with CBS that he was impressed with the impersonation.
In 2012, CSI: Miami was cancelled after 10 seasons due to a decline in ratings and the climbing cost of production. Caruso was the only actor to appear in all 232 episodes of the series.
After acting
After CSI: Miami, Caruso quietly retired from acting and became involved in the art business.
Caruso is founder of DavidCarusoTelevision.tv and LexiconDigital.tv. He is co-owner of Steam on Sunset, a clothing store in South Miami.
Personal life
Caruso has a daughter, Greta, with his second wife, actress Rachel Ticotin. He and former girlfriend Liza Marquez have two children together: a son Marquez and a daughter Paloma. In April 2009, Marquez filed papers against Caruso for fraud, breach of their settlement agreement and emotional distress.
In March 2009, a woman was placed in custody in Tyrol, Austria, on charges of stalking Caruso. She had twice failed to appear in court to answer the charges before fleeing to Mexico. Following her deportation from Mexico, Austrian officials took her into custody to await trial on the stalking charges.
Awards and nominations
In 1994, Caruso won a Golden Globe Award for his John Kelly role on NYPD Blue for which he was also nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series. In 2001, he was nominated for the Blockbuster Entertainment Award for Favorite Supporting Actor – Suspense for his role as Dino in the film Proof of Life.
Filmography
Film
Television
See also
List of people from Queens
References
External links
David Caruso Bio at CBS - CSI: Miami
1956 births
Male actors from New York City
American male film actors
American businesspeople
American people of Irish descent
American people of Italian descent
American male television actors
Archbishop Molloy High School alumni
Best Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winners
Living people
People from Forest Hills, Queens
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Lisa Marie Belcastro (born September 24, 1988) is an American politician who represents the 11th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates. She was appointed to office in March 2020 by Governor Larry Hogan on the recommendation of the Baltimore County Democratic Central Committee. Belcastro took the seat vacated by Shelly L. Hettleman when Hettleman was appointed to the Senate seat vacated by Bobby Zirkin, who resigned in January.
Early life and career
Belcastro was born in Chicago, Illinois on September 24, 1988. She attended Slippery Rock University in Slippery Rock, Pennsylvania, where she earned a B.S. degree in science health and physical education in 2012. Since graduating, she has worked as an adapted physical education teacher for Prince George's County Public Schools and as an assistant field hockey coach for Goucher College from 2012 to 2017.
Belcastro became involved with politics in 2017 by working as a volunteer coordinator for the Baltimore County Council campaign of Izzy Patoka. From 2019 to 2020, she worked as a legislative aide to Patoka.
In 2020, after Delegate Shelly L. Hettleman was elevated to the Maryland Senate following the resignation of former Senator Robert Zirkin, Belcastro applied to fill the vacancy left by Hettleman in the Maryland House of Delegates. The Baltimore County Democratic Central Committee voted 4-1 to nominate her to fill the vacancy over four other applicants, including former Delegate Ted Levin. Governor Hogan appointed Belcastro to the Maryland House of Delegates on March 10, 2020, and she was sworn in the same day.
In the legislature
Belcastro was sworn into the Maryland House of Delegates on March 10, 2020.
Committee assignments
Member, Health and Government Operations Committee, 2020–present (government operations & health facilities subcommittee, 2020–2021; public health & minority health disparities subcommittee, 2020–present; health occupations & long-term care subcommittee, 2022–present)
Study Group on Economic Stability, 2020–present
Other memberships
Member, Maryland Legislative Latino Caucus, 2020–present
Women Legislators of Maryland, 2020–present
Personal life
Belcastro is openly lesbian and is married to a woman. She lives in the Sudbrook Park neighborhood of Pikesville, Maryland.
Political positions
Assisted living
Belcastro introduced legislation in the 2021 legislative session that would require updates to Maryland's assisted living facility regulations, with specific protections for memory care units at these facilities. The bill unanimously passed both chambers of the Maryland General Assembly and became law on May 30, 2021.
Belcastro introduced legislation in the 2022 legislative session that requires the Maryland Health Commission to assess standards of care at Maryland's assisted living facilities with 10 or fewer beds.
Education
In July 2020, Belcastro signed onto a letter calling on the Baltimore County Public Schools system to alter the Student Code of Conduct to explicitly ban wearing or displaying symbols, such as the swastikas and the Confederate flag, unless it is necessary for educational programming.
Belcastro introduced legislation in the 2022 legislative session that would ban the practice of seclusion in public schools. The bill unanimously passed the House of Delegates on March 15, 2022, and is currently on second reading in the Maryland Senate.
Guns
In April 2020, Belcastro signed onto a letter calling on Governor Larry Hogan to close the state's gun stores during the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
1988 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Goucher College faculty and staff
Lesbian politicians
Living people
Maryland Democrats
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
Politicians from Chicago
Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania alumni
Women state legislators in Maryland
American women academics
LGBT state legislators in Maryland
LGBT people from Illinois
David Kopp (born 5 January 1979, in Bonn) is a former German road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2001 and 2011. Kopp's speciality was sprinting and the cobbled classics of Belgium.
Kopp started his pro career with in 2001 before moving to smaller German teams for 2004 and 2005. In 2006, he returned to top level cycling with for two years before moving to Pro Continental team Cycle Collstrop in 2008. He did not get a contract for 2009.
In March 2009, it was announced that he tested positive for Cocaine during a National event in Belgium on 11 September 2008.
In February 2010, it was announced that Kopp will ride for the Team Kuota-Indeland on a one-year contract for 2010.
He now (2016) works in the fuel retail industry.
Major results
1997
U19 Road Race Champion
2001
Rund um den Henninger Turm U23
FBD Insurance Rás, stages 3 & 8
Circuito Montañés, stage 3
2004
Giro del Capo, stage 2
Rund um Düren
Sparkassen Giro
Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem – Dr. Tistaert Prijs
2005
Giro del Capo, stage 1
Rund um Köln
Bayern-Rundfahrt – 3rd stage: Dillingen – Erlangen
2006
Trofeo Calvia
Tour of Benelux, stage 6
4th, stage 5 2006
2nd, Gent–Wevelgem
2nd, Rund um Köln
2007
Tour de Pologne, stage 3
2008
2nd, E3 Prijs Vlaanderen
References
External links
Palmares on trap-friis
1979 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Bonn
Cyclists from North Rhine-Westphalia
Sam McCrory may refer to:
Sammy McCrory (1924–2011), footballer for Ipswich Town and Northern Ireland
Sam McCrory (loyalist) (born 1963), gay rights activist and former UDA paramilitary nicknamed "Skelly"
Arabia Felix (literally: Fertile/Happy Arabia; also Ancient Greek: Εὐδαίμων Ἀραβία, Eudaemon Arabia) was the Latin name previously used by geographers to describe South Arabia,<ref>New Geographical Dictionary (Springfield, Mass., 1972), p. 63.</ref> or what is now Yemen.
Etymology
The term Arabia Felix (Latin: “Happy, or Flourishing, Arabia”) was the Roman translation of the earlier Greek Hellenistic term Arabia Eudaimon, attributed to Eratosthenes of Cyrene.Roller, Duane W. (2010) Eratosthenes' Geography. Fragments Collected and Translated, with Commentary and Additional Material. Princeton University Press. Felix has the simultaneous meaning of "fecund, fertile" and "happy, fortunate, blessed." Arabia Felix was one of three regions into which the Romans divided the Arabian peninsula: Arabia Deserta, Arabia Felix, and Arabia Petraea. The Greeks and the Romans called Yemen Arabia Felix.
The French term L'Arabie Heureuse ("Happy Arabia") comes from a poor translation from Latin: felix means primarily fertile, and among other derived meanings happy. This area being the best irrigated of the peninsula, it was called "Fertile Arabia". One of the earliest such maps, dated 1654, was produced by the French cartographer Nicolas Sanson.
History
The southwestern corner of the peninsula experienced more rainfall in ancient times and was thus much greener than the rest of the peninsula, enjoying more productive fields. The high peaks and slopes are capable of supporting significant vegetation and river beds called wadis help make other soil fertile. In 26 BC, Aelius Gallus under Augustus' order led a military expedition to Arabia, but after some beginning successes he was obliged by the unhealthy climate and epidemic to desist in the conquest of the area.
Part of what led to Arabia Felix's wealth and importance to the ancient world was its near monopoly of the trade in cinnamon and spices, both its native products and imports from India and the Horn of Africa. Strabo says that Arabia Felix was composed of five kingdoms, one each of warriors, farmers, "those who engage in the mechanical arts; another, the myrrh-bearing country, and another the frankincense-bearing country, although the same countries produce cassia, cinnamon, and nard."
In the 1st century BC, the Arabian city of Eudaemon (usually identified with the port of Aden), in Arabia Felix, was a transshipping port in the Red Sea trade. It was described in the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea (probably 1st century AD) as if it had fallen on hard times. Of the auspiciously named port we read in the periplus that Eudaemon Arabia was once a full-fledged city, when vessels from India did not go to Egypt and those of Egypt did not dare sail to places further on, but came only this far.New developments in trade during the 1st century AD led to traders avoided the middlemen of Eudaemon and made the dangerous direct crossing of the Arabian Sea to the coast of India.Arabia Felix'' is the title of the 1962 book by Danish novelist Thorkild Hansen, detailing a disastrous scientific expedition to the area led by Carsten Niebuhr lasting from 1761 to 1767. The veracity of certain aspects of the account have, however, been called into question.
References
External links
Arabia Felix
Nabataean Travel: trade on the Red Sea
Arabian Peninsula
Ancient history of Yemen
Ancient cities of the Middle East
Latin words and phrases
Historical regions
Historical regions in Saudi Arabia
South Arabia
Arabia
Ancient Greek geography of Arabia
Knott County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,346. Its county seat is Hindman. The county was formed in 1884 and is named for James Proctor Knott, Governor of Kentucky (1883–1887). It is a prohibition or dry county. Its county seat is home to the Hindman Settlement School, founded as America's first settlement school. The Knott County town of Pippa Passes is home to Alice Lloyd College.
History
Knott County was established in 1884 from land given by Breathitt, Floyd, Letcher, and Perry counties. The 1890s-era courthouse, the second to serve the county, burned in 1929.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Magoffin County (north)
Floyd County (northeast)
Pike County (east)
Letcher County (south)
Perry County (southwest)
Breathitt County (northwest)
Summits
Big Lovely Mountain, 1,401 feet (427 m)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,649 people, 6,717 households, and 4,990 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,579 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.27% White, 0.73% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.12% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. 0.63% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,717 households, out of which 34.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.60% were married couples living together, 12.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.70% were non-families. 23.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 11.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 97.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $20,373, and the median income for a family was $24,930. Males had a median income of $29,471 versus $21,240 for females. The per capita income for the county was $11,297. About 26.20% of families and 31.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.80% of those under age 18 and 23.10% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Knott County Schools
Knott County Central High School
Knott County Area Technology Center
Beaver Creek Elementary
Carr Creek Elementary
Cordia School
Emmalena Elementary
Hindman Elementary
Jones Fork Elementary
Private schools
Bethel Christian Academy
Hindman Settlement School
June Buchanan School
Higher education
Knott County Campus of Hazard Community and Technical College
Alice Lloyd College
Politics
Knott County had historically voted very strongly for the Democratic Party. In 1992, 75% of Knott County residents voted for Democrat Bill Clinton for US President, the highest percentage for Clinton of any county in the state. However, in recent years, Knott County has voted more favorably for the Republican Party. In the 2008 presidential election, Republican John McCain became the first Republican to win Knott County in a presidential election by winning 52.6% of the vote to Barack Obama's 45%. Aside from Elliott County (which didn't vote Republican until 2016) and the equally historically blue Floyd County, Knott County was the last county in Kentucky outside of Fayette and Jefferson counties to switch to the GOP.
When Governor Ernie Fletcher appointed Republican Randy Thompson as County Judge Executive in 2005, it was the first time the county ever had a Republican Judge Executive. Thompson won re-election in 2006 and again in 2010, making him the first Republican to win election in a Knott County office. Congressman Hal Rogers has also won Knott County's vote in recent years. Thompson was removed from office in 2013 after being convicted of misusing public funds.
Economy
Coal companies in Knott County
Alpha Natural Resources
James River Coal Company
Areas of interest
Tourism is increasing in the county, especially the popularity of elk viewing. Knott County and its surrounding counties are home to 5,700 free ranging elk, the largest elk herd east of the Mississippi River. There is an ATV Training Center dedicated to the safety of ATV usage amongst riders and the Knott County Sportsplex, a sports complex which has indoor basketball courts, outside baseball fields, a soccer field, and a fitness center.
Media
Television
Hometown24
Radio
WKCB-FM
WKCB-AM
WWJD-FM
Newspapers
Troublesome Creek Times
Communities
Cities
Hindman (county seat)
Pippa Passes
Vicco (part)
Unincorporated communities
Anco
Bath
Bearville
Betty
Breeding Creek
Carrie
Dema (part)
Elic
Elmrock
Emmalena
Fisty
Garner
Handshoe
Hollybush
Indian Grave
Irishman
Jones Fork
Kite
Leburn
Littcarr
Mallie
Mousie
Pine Top
Raven
Ritchie
Sassafras
Slone Fork
Soft Shell
Spider
Talcum
Tina
Topmost
Vest
Wiscoal
Infrastructure
Transportation
Public transportation is provided by LKLP Community Action Partnership with demand-response service and scheduled service from Hindman to Hazard.
Notable residents
Lige Clarke (1942−1975), LGBT activist, journalist and author
Rebecca Gayheart (born 1971), actress and model
Carl Dewey Perkins (1912−1984), politician and member of the United States House of Representatives
James Still (1906–2001), author folklorist
David Tolliver, musician; member of country band Halfway to Hazard
In popular culture
20th Century Fox filmed several scenes in the county for a nationally released movie Fire Down Below
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Knott County, Kentucky
Robinson Forest
References
Further reading
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1884 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1884
The hooded whistler (Pachycephala implicata) or Guadalcanal hooded whistler is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is found on Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. Prior to 2014, the Bougainville whistler was considered conspecific with the Hooded whistler.
References
hooded whistler
Birds of Guadalcanal
hooded whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,473. Its county seat is Hazard. The county was founded in 1820. Both the county and county seat are named for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry, a naval hero in the War of 1812.
History
The area presently bounded by Kentucky state lines was a part of the U.S. State of Virginia, known as Kentucky County when the British colonies separated themselves in the American Revolutionary War. In 1780, Kentucky County was divided into three counties: Fayette, Jefferson, and Lincoln. In 1791, this area was separated into the State of Kentucky; it became effective on June 1, 1792. From that time, the original three counties were divided several times. By 1820, the present Perry County was formed from portions of Floyd and Clay counties. In 1824 the first post office was built on the north fork of the Kentucky River, and was called the Perry Post Office. The first settlers around this area were Elijah Combs, his seven brothers and daughter Jade miller.
The county's economy has long been based on logging and mining coal.
Perry County is home to Hazard Community and Technical College. It is also home to the Hazard ARH Regional Medical Center, a not-for-profit health system operating 10 hospitals, multi-specialty physician practices, home health agencies, HomeCare Stores and retail pharmacies. It is the largest provider of care and single largest employer in southeastern Kentucky and the third largest private employer in southern West Virginia.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Breathitt County (north)
Knott County (northeast)
Letcher County (southeast)
Harlan County (south)
Leslie County (west)
Clay County (northwest)
Owsley County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 29,390 people, 11,460 households, and 8,491 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,741 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.34% White, 1.64% Black or African American, 0.05% Native American, 0.49% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.04% from other races, and 0.43% from two or more races. 0.52% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 11,460 households, out of which 34.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 13.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.90% were non-families. 23.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 30.70% from 25 to 44, 24.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,089, and the median income for a family was $26,718. Males had a median income of $31,702 versus $20,502 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,224. About 26.10% of families and 29.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.00% of those under age 18 and 20.60% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy
Of 3,142 counties in the United States in 2013, Perry County ranked 3,140 in the life expectancy of both male and female residents. Males in Perry County lived an average of 66.5 years and females lived an average of 73.1 years compared to the national average for longevity of 76.5 for males and 81.2 for females. Moreover, the average longevity in Perry County declined by 0.1 years for males and 2.4 years for females between 1985 and 2013 compared to a national average for the same period of an increased life span of 5.5 years for men and 3.1 years for women. High rates of smoking and obesity and a low level of physical activity appear to be contributing factors to the lowered longevity for both sexes.
Politics
Education
Public
The county has two school districts:
Perry County Schools
This district covers the entire county except for the city of Hazard.
Buckhorn Elementary School
Buckhorn High School
East Perry Elementary School
Leatherwood Elementary School
Perry County Central High School
Robinson Elementary School
R.W. Combs Elementary School
West Perry Elementary School
Viper Elementary School
Hazard Independent Schools
This district essentially encompasses the city of Hazard. See this link for a more accurate map of the Hazard district boundary.
Hazard High School
Hazard Middle School
Roy G. Eversole Elementary School
Private
Hazard Christian Academy
Camden Baker Memorial Schools
Economy
Coal companies in Perry County
Arch Coal
James River Coal Company
TECO Coal
Media
Television
WYMT-TV
WKHA-TV, a satellite station of Kentucky Educational Television
Radio
WSGS
WKIC
WJMD
WEKH, a satellite station of WEKU
WQXY
WLZD-LP
Newspapers
Hazard Herald
Infrastructure
Transportation
Public transportation is provided by LKLP Community Action Partnership with demand-response service and scheduled service in Hazard, and connecting to Hindman, Hyden, and Whitesburg.
Communities
Cities
Buckhorn
Hazard (county seat)
Vicco
Census-designated places
Combs
Diablock
Jeff
Other unincorporated places
Allais
Allock
Ary
Avawam
Beehive
Blue Diamond
Boat
Bonnyman
Bulan
Busy
Butterfly
Chavies
Christopher
Clemons
Combs
Cornettsville
Curly Fork
Daisy
Darfork
Defiance
Delphia
Dice
Doorway
Dow
Dunraven
Dwarf
Eversole
Farler
Fourseam
Fusonia
Gays Creek
Glomawr
Grigsby
Happy
Happy Valley
Hardburly
Harveyton
Hilton
Hiner
Hurricane
Johnson
Jones
Kodak
Krypton
Lamont
Leatherwood
Lead Branch
Little Beech
Lothair
Middle Fork
Miller
Mudlick
Napfor
Olivers
Otter Creek
Red Hill
Rock Fork
Saul
Scuddy
Sixteen
Slemp
Stacy
Tenmile
Tilford
Tribbey
Typo
Upper Pidgeonroost
Vicco
Viper
Wentz
Whitaker
Whitsett
Woodland Park
Yerkes
Ghost Towns
Upper Squabble
Notable residents
Shelby Lee Adams - American photographer
Jean Ritchie - Folk singer
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County, Kentucky
Robinson Forest
References
External links
Hazard/Perry County Tourism
Hazard Kentucky and Perry County: A Photographic History
Hazard Kentucky and Perry County History & Ancestry
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1820 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1820
Vanxim or Capão is an island of Goa situated in the Ilhas region. One can reach here by taking a ferry from Divar. The colonial name for Vanxim was Capão. One may see a lot of houses with few villagers many of whom are fisher-folk in the area. Silveiras, Furtados, Vas, Olivera are surnames of people. Mahendra Gaunekar sold the parts of the island to Ozone corporate. Luxury hotel and Golf Course is sort to be forced upon this island but faced resistance from alert islanders and others.
It is the smallest of 6 major islands within the Mandovi, the others being:
Goa,
Chorão,
Divar,
Cumbarjua,
St Estevam and
Several other small mangrove islands and sand banks.
Churches
Church of Santo Cristo
There is also a church in the area known as the Church of Santo Cristo, built in 1879 AD. During the months of April and May the feasts of the Miraculous Chapel and Santo Cristo are celebrated.
Chapel of the Miraculous Cross
An important landmark in Vanxim is the Chapel of the Miraculous Cross. It is well known in Goa as a lot of people from all over the state come here to make or fulfill vows.
River Crucifix
Branching out of Mandovi as one goes across the Naroa, a Cross is visible in the midst of waters before approaching Vanxim. Constructed by the villagers, the Cross was in the memory of a doctor, Louis Cabral, who drowned at this point when his canoe capsized while he was on his way to see a patient in Vanxim Island.
Cemeteries
Vanxim Cemetery
It is located near the Church of Santo Cristo. Many simple graves can be found here. It houses an altar.
Temples
There is also a relatively new temple situated here dedicated to goddess Sateri that was built in post-invasion 1978.
See also
São Matias, Goa
Divar
Chorão
References
Islands of Goa
Islands of the River Mandovi
Villages in North Goa district
Bathyphlebia johnsoni is a moth in the family Saturniidae. It is found in Peru.
The length of the forewings is 58 mm for males and 64 mm for females. Males have cinnamon brown wings with a yellow spot basad of the eye spot of the forewings. The apical area of the forewings is yellow, and the outer margin of the forewings is concave. Females have a distinct eye spot on the forewings with a white center and a brown iris margined externally with black.
Subspecies
Bathyphlebia johnsoni johnsoni
Bathyphlebia johnsoni flavior Oiticica Filho & Michener, 1950 (Peru)
References
Ceratocampinae
Moths described in 1950
Last Days of Summer are a 1998 novel written by Steve Kluger. It is an epistolary novel told completely through forms of correspondence; letters, postcards, interviews with a psychiatrist, progress reports, and newspaper clippings.
Taking place in the 1940s Brooklyn, the bulk of the novel consists of letters written between fictional New York Giants third baseman Charlie Banks and Jewish twelve-year-old Joey Margolis.
Plot
Joey Margolis, a Jewish boy growing up in a tough Italian neighborhood, is burdened with beatings from neighborhood kids, his parents' divorce, and an absent father who repeatedly lets him down. In addition, he is worried about Adolf Hitler's rise in power. Craving a surrogate dad, Joey strikes up a correspondence with Charlie Banks, the third baseman for the New York Giants. That he does so by persistently nagging Charlie sets the tone not just for their ongoing correspondence but for a relationship that will change both of their lives forever.
They have many adventures together, as Joey becomes a man and Charlie becomes the dad he never really had. (His father remarried a woman named Nana Bert and they never spend time with him or give him affection-his dad is not a father to him.) The first thing Joey does to get Charlie's attention is write letters to him about how he is dying of incurable diseases and only Charlie hitting a home run will save him. When Charlie doesn't listen, he writes to his on and off girlfriend Hazel McKay, a famous singer and actress in New York. She believes him, and breaks up with Charlie until he helps Joey. Eventually, he tells Hazel he made it all up, and he has another famous friend.
Joey continuously writes letters to Roosevelt's White House throughout the novel, often predicting Hitler's next move, and also begins a friendship with Roosevelt's secretary, Stephen Early. Later, he writes an Essay for the White House's contest, "If My Dad Were President. . . ", only he writes it about all the times Charlie came to his defense, protecting him against the bullies, taking him on a road trip as a bat boy for the Giants, and eventually standing for him and reciting with Joey in his father's place at his Bar Mitzvah.
He lives with his mother and Aunt Carrie in Brooklyn, and they are clueless about him always getting beat up. When he was little, he was very mischievous and got sent to Juvenile Hall for peeing in the reservoir. There, he meets a psychologist who interviews him throughout the story. Also, Charlie had a brother, Harlan, who died protecting Charlie when their father was beating him. Joey's best friend, Craig Nakamura, faces similar problems with the bullies in the neighborhood because he is Japanese. They often exchange secret messages until Craig has to move to California as part of the Japanese internment act. At one point Charlie and Joey go visit him, and he is playing third base on the camp baseball team. Joey really likes a girl at his school named Rachel, but shows his affection at first by throwing things at her, then with love letters. Eventually, she likes him too. Hazel McKay is fiercely loyal to Charlie and Joey. Many times Joey visits her in Tuxedo Junction, the club she sings in, and sings songs with her. Her rival is Ethel Merman, and they get in several fights. Stuke is Charlie's best friend. He plays first base for the Giants. He is always trying to get a date with a famous actress. When Charlie and Hazel get married, they are both his best men.
No matter what situation Joey is in (with the Bar Mitzvah or trying to win the heart of the girl he likes, Rachel), Charlie is always there for him and provides the father figure Joey desperately needs. However, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Charlie and his friend from first base, Stuke, decide to enlist in the US Marines. They end up fighting all over the southern Pacific. Joey tries several times to visit Charlie and convince him to come home, but Charlie is a hero, and he decides to fight anyway; Charlie dies during the war. This death changes Joey's life. One of the astonishing things about Charlie and Joey's relationship is the way that Joey eventually changed Charlie, softening him and teaching him through practice how to be a good role model and father. Their friendship changed both of their lives.
Musical Adaptation
A stage adaptation of Last Days of Summer with music by Jason Howland, book and lyrics by Steve Kluger, and orchestrations by Kim Scharnberg premiered at the Kansas City Repertory Theatre from September 7 to September 30, 2018. The show starred Corey Cott as Charlie Banks, Emily Padgett as Hazel MacKay, and Robbie Berson as Joey Margolis.
References
Epistolary novels
1998 American novels
Novels set during World War II
Baseball novels
Fiction set in the 1940s
Brooklyn in fiction
The 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 26 January – 10 February 1934. The congress was attended by 1,225 delegates with a casting vote and 736 delegates with a consultative vote, representing 1,872,488 party members and 935,298 candidate members.
Events
During the elections to the 17th Central Committee Stalin received a significant number (over a hundred, although the precise number is unknown) of negative votes, whereas only three delegates crossed out the name of the popular Leningrad party boss, Sergei Kirov. The results were subsequently covered up on Stalin's orders and it was officially reported that Stalin also received only three negative votes.
During the Congress a group of veteran party members approached Kirov with the suggestion that he replace Stalin as the party leader. Kirov declined the offer and reported the conversation to Stalin.
In public Stalin was acclaimed, not merely as the leader of the party, but as a towering, universal genius in every human sphere. All his former opponents spoke approvingly of him (other than Leon Trotsky, who had been exiled in 1929) and pledged their total support to the party line.
In his speech to the 20th Party Congress, Nikita Khrushchev reported that "of the 139 members and candidates of the Central Committee who were elected at the 17th Congress, 98 persons, i.e., 70 per cent, were arrested and shot (mostly in 1937-1938)." In addition, Khrushchev said that "of 1,966 delegates [to the 17th Congress] with either voting or advisory rights, 1,108 persons were arrested on charges of anti-revolutionary crimes, i.e., decidedly more than a majority."
At the congress Rabkrin was dissolved and its functions passed to the Sovnarkom's People's Control Commission.
"Just like in 1914, the parties of bellicose imperialism, the parties of war and revenge, are appearing in the foreground. It is very clear that we're facing a new war."
- Joseph Stalin, Report to the Seventeenth Congress of the CPSU, 1934
Agenda of the Congress
1. Reports by Stalin (Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)), Vladimirsky (Central Revision Committee). Rudzutak and Manuilsky
2. Second five-year plan, speakers: Molotov and Kuybishev
3. Organisational issues (party and Soviet construction), speaker: Kaganovich
4. Elections to the central organs of the Party
List of Elected Members of the Central Committee
Aftermath
After the results of the 17th Party Congress, on 1 December 1934, Sergei Kirov was shot and killed by Leonid Nikolaev. The assassination of Kirov following the Congress would be a bellwether for the Great Purge of 1937-1938.
See also
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
References
Armstrong, John A. 1961. The Politics of Totalitarianism: The Communist Party of the Soviet Union, 1934 to the Present. New York: Random House.
Fitzpatrick, Sheila. 1994. The Russian Revolution, Second Edition. New York: Oxford University Press.
Resolutions and Decisions, Including Party Rules adopted by the 17th Congress.
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 17
Congress
1934 conferences
January 1934 events
February 1934 events
The Men's 50 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 21 May at 09.09.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 21 May at 16:50.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 22 May at 16:07.
References
Men's 50 metre freestyle
Taniela Tupou (born 10 May 1996) is an Australian professional rugby union player. He plays as a tight head prop for the Queensland Reds in Super Rugby and has represented in international rugby. Born in Tonga he qualifies for Australia by residency.
Early life and career
Tupou became known as a schoolboy rugby player. While playing for Auckland's Sacred Heart College First XV in 2014, he became an internet sensation for his three tries against Kelston Boys High School, earning him the nickname "Tongan Thor".
On 22 June 2014, he was named in the Pacific Barbarians squad, captained by All Black legend Justin Marshall, to play Tonga during the 2014 mid-year rugby union internationals. Tonga won the match 36–14 at Mount Smart Stadium in Auckland.
The following month Tupou was given a deadline to sign a loyalty agreement to be eligible for the New Zealand Schoolboys team. However, he declined the offer. Despite interest from rugby clubs in France and England as well as New Zealand Super Rugby franchises Chiefs and Blues, Tupou's desire to play for the Wallabies lured him to Australia where his brother, Criff Tupou, resided.
Michael Cheika, head coach of the New South Wales Waratahs commented that he had an eye on Tupou well before he emerged on television with his three-try effort, but on 12 September 2014 Tupou was officially named in the Queensland Reds squad for the 2015 season.
Rugby career
Tupou played his first game for the Brothers Old Boys club in 2015, in a trial match alongside his 25-year-old brother Criff Tupou. After completing the full 2015 season in Queensland Premier Rugby with Brothers, he joined Queensland Country to play in the National Rugby Championship.
After playing for Queensland Under-20 in 2016, he made his debut for the Reds in 2016. Tupou toured as a development player in the Australian national squad for the 2016 Wallabies tour. His strong NRC form for Queensland Country the following year led to his international debut for the Wallabies against at Murrayfield on 24 November 2017.
Super Rugby statistics
References
1996 births
Australia international rugby union players
Tongan rugby union players
Queensland Reds players
Rugby union props
Living people
People educated at Sacred Heart College, Auckland
Queensland Country (NRC team) players
Gisborne may refer to:
People
Gisborne (surname)
Places
Gisborne District, a unitary authority area in northeastern New Zealand named after William Gisborne
Gisborne, New Zealand, the largest centre of population in the Gisborne Region
Gisborne District Council, the unitary authority of the Gisborne Region
Gisborne (New Zealand electorate), a former New Zealand Parliamentary electorate
Gisborne, Victoria, Australia, a town named after Henry Fyshe Gisborne
Electoral district of Gisborne, an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
See also
Gisborne Herald, a newspaper published in Gisborne, New Zealand
Lindsay Cahill is a Canadian chemist who uses Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI ) to study metabolic abnormalities in pregnancy. She has published more than 70 articles on her research related to nuclear magnetic resonance in studying electrochemical materials and for imaging animal fetuses and placenta. She has published widely-used protocols for the imaging of mouse brains.
Education and early career
Cahill completed her B.Sc. and Ph.D. in chemistry at McMaster University. In her Ph.D., she used solid-state NMR to study lithium-ion batteries. She employed 6Li and 7Li solid-state NMR to study the dynamics of the transport of lithium ions through materials.
After completing her PhD, she held a postdoctoral fellowship in the Department of Physics at Warwick University under the supervision of Mark Smith (physicist). In 2009, she moved to the Mouse Imaging Center at the Hospital for Sick Children. One of her contributions at the Mouse Imaging Center was the identification of a mouse model for autoimmune encephalomyelitis that may serve as a better model for multiple sclerosis in humans than previous models. Prior to her scientific career, she was a captain in the Barrie Safety Patrol.
Independent career
Cahill was appointed as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Chemistry at the Memorial University of Newfoundland in January 2020. She received the Discovery Award from the Banting Research Foundation and a Discovery Grant from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada. In 2022, Cahill was the project leader for a grant from the Canadian Foundation for Innovation to establish the Micro-Ultrasound Lab at Memorial University.
Awards
2020 Banting Research Foundation Discovery Award
References
Living people
Memorial University of Newfoundland faculty
People from Barrie
Women chemists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jan Tomas Ekholm (born 3 December 1969) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was a member of the Sweden Olympic team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
1969 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
People from Söderhamn
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
"Rag and Bone" is a song by the American garage rock band The White Stripes. It is the ninth track on their 2007 album Icky Thump. The track was released as a free red 7" vinyl with the June 6, 2007 issue of the NME magazine, with a unique Jack White-designed etching on the flipside of each record.
The song is told from the point of view of two rag and bone collectors, portrayed by both Jack and Meg White. The song's conventional verses and choruses are interspersed with a spoken narrative. The single version of the song is a different mix from the version that was later released on the UK LP 'Icky Thump' album. Sean Fennessey of Vibe called the song "the funniest and best track" on Icky Thump.
References
The White Stripes songs
2007 singles
XL Recordings singles
2007 songs
Songs written by Jack White
Morris Matthews (born February 25, 2003) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for USL League One club New England Revolution II via the New England Revolution academy.
Career
Youth
Matthews joined the New England Revolution academy in 2016. In 2020, Matthews spent time with the club's USL League One affiliate team New England Revolution II. He made his debut on August 15, 2020, appearing as an injury-time substitute during a 3–3 draw with North Texas SC.
References
External links
ussoccerda.com profile
2003 births
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Living people
Soccer players from Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Cambridge, Massachusetts
New England Revolution II players
USL League One player
Tuck or the Tuck is a nickname of:
William "Tuck" Andress, half of the American jazz duo Tuck & Patti
Everett E. Kelly (1898-1983), American college football player
James McIntyre (footballer) (1863-1943), Scottish footballer
George Tucker Tuck Stainback (1911-1992), American Major League Baseball player
Thomas Syme (1928-2011), British ice hockey player
Trinity the Tuck (born 1984), American drag performer nicknamed "the Tuck"
George Tuck Turner (1866-1945), American Major League Baseball player
William Osborne Tuck Tucker (1961-2020), American actor
Lists of people by nickname
Manager Singh (20 January 1920 – 28 October 1993), widely known as Malviya of Dwaba or JanNayak (leader of the common people), was an Indian independence activist and political leader. He is especially remembered for promoting the educational system and his anti-corruption efforts. He was elected five times as the MLA from Dwaba constituency. Manager Singh was born in Karmanpur village of Ballia District of Uttar Pradesh. He is worshipped and glorified by people of Ballia District of Uttar Pradesh.
References
1920 births
1995 deaths
Indian independence activists from Uttar Pradesh
Indian anti-corruption activists
Sekolah Menengah Pertama Negeri 2 Kotabaru, or SMP Negeri 2 Kotabaru is a junior highschool in Kotabaru, Karawang, West Java, Indonesia. The first name of this school is SMP Negeri 3 Cikampek, but Cikampek District was divided into three districts.
Facility
The facilities and infrastructure in this school are:
Laboratory
Classroom
Basket field
Unit Kesehatan Sekolah (school health center)
Mosque
Computer Laboratory
Art room
Canteen
Garden
etc.
References
External links
Education in Indonesia
This is a list of prime ministers of Djibouti. Since the establishment of the office of prime minister in 1977, there have been 6 official prime ministers. The prime minister is the head of government of Djibouti. The current prime minister is Abdoulkader Kamil Mohamed, since 2013.
The list also includes presidents of the Government Council of French Territory of the Afars and the Issas, which acted as heads of government of the area of present-day Djibouti between 1967 and 1977, before the proclamation of independence.
List of officeholders
See also
Djibouti
List of presidents of Djibouti
French Territory of the Afars and the Issas (FTAI)
French Somaliland
List of governors of French Somaliland
Lists of office-holders
Notes
External links
World Statesmen – Djibouti
Djibouti
Djibouti-related lists
General Larsen may refer to:
Dennis R. Larsen (fl. 1970s–2000s), U.S. Air Force lieutenant general
Henry Louis Larsen (1890–1962), U.S. Marine Corps lieutenant general
Stanley R. Larsen (1915–2000), U.S. Army lieutenant general
See also
General Larson (disambiguation)
Ypsolopha manella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Utah and California.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The 2001 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Governors' Cup was the third conference of the 2001 PBA season. It started on September 8 and ended on December 16. The tournament is an Import-laden format, which requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team.
Format
The following format will be observed for the duration of the conference:
The teams were divided into 2 groups.
Group A:
Alaska Aces
Batang Red Bull Thunder
Purefoods TJ Hotdogs
Shell Turbo Chargers
Sta. Lucia Realtors
Group B:
Barangay Ginebra Kings
Pop Cola Panthers
San Miguel Beermen
Talk 'N Text Phone Pals
Tanduay Rhum Masters
Teams in a group will play against each other twice and against teams in the other group once; 13 games per team.
The top eight teams after the eliminations will advance to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals:
Top four teams will have a twice-to-beat advantage against their opponent.
QF1: #1 vs. #8
QF2: #2 vs. #7
QF3: #3 vs. #6
QF4: #4 vs. #5
Best-of-five semifinals:
SF1: QF1 vs. QF4
SF2: QF2 vs. QF3
Third-place playoff: losers of the semifinals
Best-of-seven finals: winners of the semifinals
Imports
The following is the list of imports with the replacement imports being highlighted. GP is the number of games played in the conference.
Elimination round
Team standings
Bracket
Quarterfinals
(1) Shell vs. (8) Barangay Ginebra
(2) Sta. Lucia vs. (7) Red Bull
(3) Pop Cola vs. (6) Alaska
(4) San Miguel vs. (5) Talk 'N Text
Semifinals
(1) Shell vs. (4) San Miguel
(2) Sta. Lucia vs. (3) Pop Cola
Third place playoff
Finals
References
External links
PBA.ph
PBA Governors' Cup
2001 PBA season
Anvato was a Mountain View, California-based technology firm. Founded in 2007 by Alper Turgut, it is a provider of cloud computing technologies for the online video industry, including online video editing, infrastructure, publishing, and monetization.
On July 8, 2016, Google announced that it had acquired Anvato; the company will be incorporated into the Google Cloud Platform suite.
References
External links
American companies established in 2007
Companies based in Mountain View, California
Google acquisitions
The Battle of Chaksana was fought between the Mughal Empire and the Maratha Empire in 1788. The Marathas were led by the famous Maratha general Mahadaji Shinde and the Mughal forces were led by the Uyghur general of the Mughal Army, Isma'il Beg. After a long and fierce battle, it ended with the Marathas eventually retreating.
References
Chaksana 1788
Chaksana
1788 in India
Chaksana
The Ethiopians were one of Jamaica's best-loved harmony groups during the late ska, rocksteady and early reggae periods. Responsible for a significant number of hits between the mid-1960s and early 1970s, the group was also one of the first Jamaican acts to perform widely in Britain.
Origins
The Ethiopians was founded by Leonard Dillon (9 December 1942 – 28 September 2011) with Stephen "Tough Cock" Taylor and Aston "Charlie" Morrison at the tail end of the ska period. Dillon was a stonemason from the small community of Boundbrook, located on the outskirts of the northeast coastal town of Port Antonio, where he was raised by his grandparents in a strict Seventh Day Adventist household. With his grandfather the choirmaster in the local church, Dillon had good grounding in music from an early age. While still attending high school, he performed with a local act known as the Playboys (later re-named Ray and the Gladiators), the mellifluousness of his voice bringing the nickname "Sparrow".
Like many of his peers, Dillon moved to Kingston towards the end of his teen years in search of work, staying first in a tiny shack in the west Kingston slum of Back-O-Wall. He travelled to Fellsmere, Florida in 1963 on a seasonal farm work contract, and after returning to Kingston in 1964, he settled in Trench Town, lodging at the home of the aunt of popular sound system deejay King Sporty, who he knew from his days in Port Antonio. In Trench Town, Dillon met Peter Tosh, who introduced him to Bob Marley and Bunny Livingston, his fellow vocalists in the Wailers. An audition was swiftly arranged at Studio One, where the Wailers were recording some of the biggest hits of the day, which led to Dillon voicing his first material. Three songs were backed by the Wailers, including a sound system favourite called "Ice Water", based on lyrics of double entendre, while "Suffering On The Land" and "Beggars Have No Choice" were more concerned with the harshness of life in the ghetto; a fourth song, "Woman, Wine And Money", featured Delroy Wilson on harmony. All of the songs were issued on 45 rpm singles, credited to Jack Sparrow. Shortly after the release of these singles, through the efforts of the Ethiopian Reorganization Centre in Waterhouse (established by elders Nasser King and Daddy King), Dillon entered the Rastafari faith, which he remained committed to thereafter.
Founding
Sales of the Jack Sparrow material were not particularly high, and the Wailers were focussing on their own careers. Noting that harmony groups were all the rage in Jamaica, Dillon subsequently made an exit from the Studio One stable to form a harmony group of his own with Taylor, Morrison, and a youth known as Foresight, who he encountered on the street in Waterhouse; the Ethiopian Reorganization Centre became their main rehearsal space. Foresight dropped out early, so by the time Dillon brought the group back to Studio One, they were a trio, debating whether to call themselves the Heartaches or the Ethiopians, until Studio One founder Clement "Sir Coxsone" Dodd decisively stated that the latter was more distinctive, and more fitting for a group that was spiritually minded. The first songs the group recorded at Studio One included "Live Good", "Why You Gonna Leave Me Now" and the rocksteady classic "Owe Me No Pay Me", produced by Lloyd Daley, and aimed at a man known as Stampede that owed Dillon money. The uncertain nature of the music business caused Morrison to then quit the group, since he had a young family to support. Undaunted by his departure, Dillon and Taylor went back to Studio One to record another half-dozen tracks, including the boastful "I'm Gonna Take Over Now", and a late-ska number called "I Am Free," which castigated an unfaithful lover.
Success
Despite the popularity of the material, their earnings were still not sufficient for the group to concentrate on music full-time. Continuing with the masonry led Dillon to the Ethiopians' next phase, once he found a financial backer for the group in the form of real estate speculator, Leebert Robinson, who financed the self-produced single "Train to Skaville", issued in Jamaica on WIRL (West Indies Records Limited). Subsequent singles, "The Whip" and "Cool It Amigo", were recorded at WIRL studio with top rocksteady band, Lynn Taitt and the Jets, (and engineer Lynford Anderson), and licensed to Sonia Pottiger for release in Jamaica, as well as Graeme Goodall's Doctor Bird label in Britain; the three songs were all significant hits in 1967. "Train to Skaville" made an impact overseas and brought the Ethiopians to the UK for their first tour in 1968, since the song had briefly appeared in the UK Singles Chart. The tour lasted three months in 1968, and another two months in 1969, and was arranged by Commercial Entertainment.
Back in Jamaica, Melvin Reid became a temporary member of the group for some recordings made at Federal recording studio, but the group soon reverted to a duo again. "Cut Down (On Your Speed)" was recorded for Lee "Scratch" Perry, but far more successful work was issued by H. Robinson's Carib Disco company, including "Reggae Hit The Town", celebrating the new beat, and the successful "Engine 54" (recorded at a time when Trinidadian immigrant Garnet Hargreaves was acting as manager of the group), which celebrated a defunct railway engine that used to transport city folk on countryside excursions in Jamaica. The popularity of this track and earlier hit singles led to a debut album, Engine 54, issued by Doctor Bird in the UK.
Then, the most solid and lasting working relationship was forged with producer Carl Johnson, yielding a series of hits in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Things started off with "Everything Crash," after Sir JJ told Dillon to write a song with that title when Dillon first appeared at JJ's shop on Orange Street; the song commented on the widespread strikes that gripped Jamaica in 1968 and was recorded with the backing band, the Caribbeats. Other hits to follow included "Feel The Spirit," "Hong Kong Flu," and "Woman Capture Man". The Sir JJ phase yielded the popular albums Reggae Power and Woman Capture Man, both issued by Trojan Records in Britain.
During the early 1970s, the Ethiopians recorded widely for various producers, including Lloyd "The Matador" Daley ("Satan Gal"), Duke Reid ("Pirate"), Derrick Harriott ("Good Ambition"), Rupie Edwards ("Hail Rasta Man"), Alvin Ranglin ("Love Bug"), Prince Buster ("You Are For Me"), Joe Gibbs ("Ring A Burn Finger"), Bob Andy ("The Word Is Love"), and Lee Perry ("Life Is A Funny Thing"), among others. Dillon also helped build Perry's Black Ark Studios in 1973-4. In 1975, Stephen Taylor was killed in a traffic accident, leading to a period of inactivity as Dillon struggled to adapt to life without his singing partner.
New version and solo work
Dillon subsequently formed a new version of the Ethiopians with other members of the Rastafari faith, including Melvin Reid, to record the album Slave Call with Niney the Observer in 1977. There were also a handful of singles cut for Alvin Ranglin, Winston Riley, Joe Gibbs and Rupie Edwards, circa 1976-78.
Leonard Dillon then largely became a solo artist. Under the name The Ethiopian, Dillon cut Open The Gate Of Zion for Ranglin in 1978, and Everything Crash for Studio One in 1980, the latter featuring "Locust" voiced on a mutation of the "Train to Skaville" rhythm. The Dread Prophecy album, shared with The Gladiators, was issued by the American label Nighthawk in 1986, One-Step Forward surfaced in France on Blue Moon in 1992, Owner Fer De Yard was a Studio One set issued by Heartbeat in 1994, Tuffer Than Stone was recorded with Jahco Thelwell in 1999 and issued on the Melodie label in France, while Mystic Man was issued by Studio One in 2002; a second set for Nighthawk remains unreleased.
The Ethiopians reached the end when Dillon died on 28 September 2011.
Discography
Releases by The Ethiopians include:
Engine '54: Let's Ska and Rock Steady - (1968) - Jamaican Gold
Reggae Power - (1969)
Woman a Capture Man - (1970) - Trojan
Slave Call - (1977) - Heartbeat
Open The Gate Of Zion - (1978) - Channel One
Dread Prophecy - (1989) - Nighthawk
Let's Ska and Rock Steady - (1990) - VP Records
The World Goes Ska - (1992) - Trojan
Clap Your Hands - (1993) - Lagoon
Sir J.J. & Friends - (1993) - Lagoon
Owner Fer De Yard - (1994) - Heartbeat
Train to Skaville - (1999) - Charly
Tuffer Than Stone - (1999) - Warriors
Skaville Princess - (2000) - Dressed to Kill
Train to Skaville: Anthology 1966-1975 - (2002) - Trojan - compilation
Open The Gate Of Zion - (2020) - Jamaican Art Records (de-luxe re-release)
References
External links
Music Like Dirt
Jamaican reggae musical groups
Jamaican ska groups
First-wave ska groups
Heartbeat Records artists
Villaviciosa de Odón () is a municipality in the western zone of the Community of Madrid in Spain. The town is located 15 km west of Madrid's city center, in the western zone of the metro area. The Spanish Air Force Museum and the Universidad Europea de Madrid are located within the municipality.
Villaviciosa's quiet lifestyle and its proximity to Madrid propitiated rapid and extensive development during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Because of its proximity to the Universidad Europea de Madrid, it has become a university town, with well-developed residential area and amenities for students. The town contains the Castle of Villaviciosa de Odón.
History
The first news of population formed in the vicinity of Villaviciosa are of the Visigoth era as demonstrates the necropolis found when the splitting of the M-501 road from Villaviciosa until Navas del Rey. We also know that there was a population nucleus on the land now occupied by Villaviciosa; it was the old Calatalifa, this name comes from the Arabic قلعة الخليفة Qal`at al-Khalifa or Castillo del Califa, populated quoted by Ibn Hayyan chronicler in 939, but probably its foundation occurred earlier.
Like many other towns in the Community of Madrid, Calatalifa was occupied by Castilian troops during the Reconquista. The Christian advance, after conquering Mayrit (Madrid), ended with the conquest of Toledo by Alfonso VI. Calatalifa was a settlement of three cultures, Christians, Arabs and Jews at the time, but disappeared towards the end of the thirteenth century.
The population reappears in the mid-fifteenth century already with the name of Odón: a handwritten document dated in 1459 attests to a purchase-sale of land and is preserved in the Town Hall.
Already in the early eighteenth century the name of Villaviciosa appeared on official documents, and even alternate the two names, as we can see in a decree of Felipe V that designates the area as "Real Bosque": "He venido en declarar que el nuevo Bosque de la villa de Odón o Villaviciosa, que es propio del Ynfante don Felipe, mi hijo, y sus límites, con sus aumentos o extensiones que en adelante tuviere, son y han de ser Bosque Real, con to-dos sus privilegios y libertades".
By 1801, the neighbouring village of Sacedón de Canales had been completely depopulated: those left there moved to Villaviciosa. In this year Villaviciosa annexed the territory of the lost town of Sacedón de Canales.
See also
List of municipalities in Madrid
References
External links
Entertainment website about Villaviciosa de Odón
The official site of the city
The official site of the Universidad Europea de Madrid
VillaviciosaHoy, website of news about the city
Municipalities in the Community of Madrid
Lars Pörschke (born 17 June 1984) is a former German tennis player.
Pörschke has a career high ATP singles ranking of 277 achieved on 30 November 2009. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 315 achieved on 28 December 2009.
Pörschke made his ATP main draw debut at the 2009 SAP Open after receiving a wildcard into the singles main draw.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
German male tennis players
Sportspeople from Giessen
Tennis people from Hesse
The Belleville Three are three American musicians, Juan Atkins, Derrick May, and Kevin Saunderson, who are credited with inventing the Detroit techno genre.
Origins
Kevin Saunderson was born in Brooklyn, New York. At the age of nine he moved to Michigan, where he attended Belleville High School in Belleville, a town some 30 miles from Detroit, in the more rural area near its suburbs. In school he befriended Derrick May and Juan Atkins, both of whom had been born in Detroit but later moved to Belleville. The three were among the few black students in their high school, and Saunderson later commented, "we three kinds of gelled right away." The setting affected how they experienced music. "We perceived the music differently than you would if you encountered it in dance clubs. We'd sit back with the lights off and listen to records by Bootsy and Yellow Magic Orchestra. We never took it as just entertainment, we took it as a serious philosophy," recalled May. Belleville was located near several automobile factories, which provided well-paying jobs to a racially integrated workforce. "Everybody was equal," Atkins explained in an interview. "So what happened is that you've got this environment with kids that come up somewhat snobby, ‘cos hey, their parents are making money working at Ford or GM or Chrysler, been elevated to a foreman, maybe even a white-collar job." European acts like Kraftwerk were popular among middle-class black youth.
The three teenage friends bonded while listening to an eclectic mix of music: Kraftwerk, Parliament, Prince, the B-52s. The electronic and funk sounds that influenced the Belleville Three came primarily from a 5-hour late-night radio show called The Midnight Funk Association, broadcast in Detroit by DJ Charles "The Electrifying Mojo" Johnson on WGPR. Juan Atkins was inspired to buy a synthesizer after hearing Parliament. Atkins was also the first in the group to take up turntables, teaching May and Saunderson how to DJ.
Under the name Deep Space Soundworks, Atkins and May began to DJ on Detroit's party circuit. By 1981, Johnson was playing the record mixes recorded by the Belleville Three, who were also branching out to work with other musicians. The trio traveled to Chicago to investigate the house music scene there, particularly Chicago DJs Ron Hardy and Frankie Knuckles. The trio began to formulate the synthesis of this dance music with the mechanical sounds of groups like Kraftwerk, in a way that reflected post-industrialist Detroit. An obsession with the future and its machines is reflected in much of their music, because, according to Atkins, Detroit is the most advanced in the transition away from industrialism.
First wave of Detroit techno
While attending Washtenaw Community College, Atkins met Rick Davis and formed Cybotron with him. Their first single "Alleys of Your Mind"—recorded on their Deep Space label in 1981—sold 15,000 copies, and the success of two follow-up singles, "Cosmic Cars" and "Clear," led the California-based label Fantasy to sign the duo and release their album, Enter.
After Cybotron split due to creative differences, Atkins began recording as Model 500 on his own label, Metroplex, in 1985. His landmark single, "No UFOs," soon arrived. Eddie "Flashin" Fowlkes, Derrick May, and Kevin Saunderson also recorded on Metroplex.
Although the Detroit musicians—the Belleville Three and other early pioneers like Fowlkes and James Pennington—were a close-knit group who shared equipment and studio space, and who helped each other with projects, friction developed. Each member of the Belleville Three branched off on his own record label. May's Transmat began as a sublabel imprint of Metroplex. Saunderson founded KMS based on his own initials. They set up shop in close proximity to one another, in Detroit's Eastern Market district.
All of the Belleville Three have worked under many different names and titles. Derrick May saw great success under the name is , his moniker when he released his landmark "Strings of Life." Kevin Saunderson's most commercially recognized project was Inner City with vocalist Paris Grey. Juan Atkins has been lauded as the "Godfather of Techno," while May is thought of as the "Innovator" and Saunderson is often referred to as the "Elevator."
Inspired by Chicago's house clubs, May, Atkins and Saunderson started a club of their own in downtown Detroit, named the Music Institute. The club helped unite a previously scattered scene into an underground "family," where Saunderson, Atkins and May, DJed with fellow pioneers like Fowlkes and Blake Baxter. It allowed for collaboration, and helped inspire what would become the second wave of Detroit-area techno, which included artists whom the Belleville Three had influenced and mentored.
Success abroad
In 1988, dance music entrepreneur Neil Rushton approached the Belleville Three to license their work for release in the UK. To define the Detroit sound as being distinct from Chicago house, Rushton and the Belleville Three chose the word "techno" for their tracks, a term that Atkins had been using since his Cybotron days ("Techno City" was an early single). However, the trio from Belleville had some reservations about the culture that surrounded the drug-filled techno subculture abroad. Derrick May in particular continues to advocate that drugs are not necessary to participate in good music.
The Movement
In 2000, the first annual Detroit Electronic Music Festival was held, and in 2004 May assumed control of the festival, renamed Movement. He invested his own funds into the festival, and "got severely wounded financially." Saunderson helmed the festival, renamed FUSE IN, the following year. Saunderson, May and Carl Craig all performed but did not produce the festival in 2006, when it was again called Movement. Saunderson returned to perform at the 2007 Movement as well.
Collaboration as the Belleville Three
In 2017, Atkins, Saunderson and May began working on the Belleville Three as an official collaborative effort. Despite being labelled as the Belleville Three since the late 1980s, due in no small part to the British press, they had resisted official collaboration in the hope of distancing themselves from that moniker. However, three decades later it was clear that the mantle of The Belleville Three had stayed intact, and there was a clear demand to see them operate as a group. They launched this project at Coachella 2017.
The Belleville Three continue to tour internationally. Derrick May says that his mission continues to be "to save the world from bad music."
See also
Detroit techno
Techno
References
External links
African-American DJs
American techno musicians
Musical groups from Michigan
Electronic dance music DJs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hernán Carazo (born 16 August 1955) is a Costa Rican biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Costa Rican male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Costa Rica
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from San José, Costa Rica
Lewald is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
August Lewald (1792–1871), German author
Fanny Lewald (1811–1889), German author and activist, niece of August
Theodor Lewald (1860–1947), German civil servant
German-language surnames
San Miguel Island (Chumash: Tuqan) is the westernmost of California's Channel Islands, located across the Santa Barbara Channel in the Pacific Ocean, within Santa Barbara County, California. San Miguel is the sixth-largest of the eight Channel Islands at , including offshore islands and rocks. Prince Island, off the northeastern coast, measures in area. The island, at its farthest extent, is long and wide.
San Miguel Island is part of Channel Islands National Park, and almost all of the island () has also been designated as an archaeological district on the National Register of Historic Places. This westernmost Channel Island receives northwesterly winds and severe weather from the open ocean. The cold and nutrient-rich water surrounding the island is home to a diverse array of sea life that is not found on the southern islands.
San Miguel Island, together with numerous small islets around it, is defined by the United States Census Bureau as Block 3010, Block Group 3, Census Tract 29.10 of Santa Barbara County, California. The island is uninhabited. Highest peak is San Miguel Hill, at . Submerged rocks make the near coastline a mariner's nightmare.
History
Colonies of ancient puffins lived on the island in the Late Pleistocene. There is also fossil evidence for a giant mouse and dwarf mammoth during the same time period.
Archaeological research has shown that San Miguel Island was first settled by humans about 13,000 years ago, when San Miguel was still part of the larger Santarosae Island that was closer to the coast and connected the northern Channel Islands when sea levels were lower near the end of the Last Glacial. Because the northern Channel Islands have not been connected to the adjacent mainland in recent geological history, the Paleo-Indians who first settled the island clearly had boats and other maritime technologies. San Miguel was occupied by the ancestors of the Chumash people for many millennia, who developed a complex and rich maritime culture based on marine fishing, hunting, and gathering. Rough seas and risky landings did not daunt the Chumash people. They called the island Tuquan in the Chumash language, and for many centuries, they built and used sophisticated canoes, called tomols, made from sewn planks caulked with asphaltum (bitumen). In tomols, they fished and hunted in island waters and participated in active trade with their neighbors on the other islands and mainland.
Tuqan Man
The skull and bones of a man buried between 9,800 and 10,200 years ago, as indicated by radiocarbon dating and evaluation of artifacts buried with him, were exposed by beach erosion and discovered in 2005 by University of Oregon archaeologists. They were analyzed, but it was not possible to extract the Tuqan Man's DNA, though increasingly better testing and methods became available and were utilized. The remains were studied before their return to the island, which was delayed by resolution of tribal identification and ownership issues contingent on the precedent setting Kennewick Man case in Washington State. Under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), they were restored to the claiming Chumash tribe in May, 2018, for reburial on the island.
A remaining population of a dwarf species descended from Columbian mammoths, existed on Santarosae Island when it was first visited by Paleoindians, but were extinct for perhaps three millennia prior to the death of Tuqan Man.
The midden at Daisy Cave is the oldest coastal shell midden in North America. It had an early human occupation approximately 11,500 years ago. * A metacarpal bone of a short-faced bear was found in the cave. It may have been carried from the mainland by a bird as other evidence of the bear living on the islands has not been found.
Chumash villages
There is evidence of the fishing prowess of inhabitants using their tomols, and which included nets, spears, rods, lines, and hooks. Two Chumash villages were active with about 100 inhabitants at the time of Cabrillo's visit in 1542 aboard the San Miguel. San Miguel is the name George Vancouver gave the island on his 1793 chart. Vancouver adopted the name from a Spanish chart that had come into his possession.
The first European explorer to land was the explorer Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo in 1542, who commanded three Spanish ships that spent several weeks on the island while exploring the Santa Barbara Channel and California Coast. Cabrillo died on the island and is thought by many to have been buried there. The last of the island Chumash were removed to mainland missions and towns in the 1820s, leaving San Miguel largely uninhabited until ranchers raised sheep there from 1850 to 1948. One of the ranch families that homesteaded the longest was the Lesters, a family of four that left the island at the time of Pearl Harbor due to the dangers posed by the war.
Ranching and government ownership
George Nidever was the highest bidder for Samuel C. Bruce's property on the island in an auction held by the Santa Barbara County sheriff's office in June 1863. Bruce was one of the island's squatters. Nidever set up a sheep operation, but sold out to Hiram and Warren Mills in 1869. The Mills brothers eventually sold out to the Pacific Wool Growing Company. They sold their interest to David Fitzgibbon in 1887, who sold it back to Warren Mills, in partnership with William Waters. Warren Mills sold his interest to Elias Beckman in 1892. In 1897, Waters formed the San Miguel Island Company with Jeremiah Conroy, consisting of 3000 sheep and other livestock. Waters signed a 5-year lease with the federal government, which was renewed in 1916. Waters died in 1920, and the lease was renewed by his partners Robert Brooks and J. R. Moore. Brooks renewed the lease again in 1925, and again with the Department of the Navy in 1935. Brooks hired Herbert Lester to tenant manage the ranch in 1929, who did so with his family until his death in 1942. He is buried above Harris Point.
Despite a lighthouse on Richardson's Rock and a bell buoy, numerous ships continued to be wrecked on the island. Of note was the SS Cuba in 1923, though passengers and gold were saved.
Ralph Hoffmann died while on an expedition to the island in 1932.
During World War II, the United States Navy stationed three sailor lookouts on the island. On July 5, 1943, a B-24 crashed into Green Mountain, killing all 12 aboard. In 1948, the navy reclaimed the island as a target in its Pacific Missile Range for guided missiles and bombing. The National Park Service initiated a visitor program run by a resident ranger in 1978, but the navy retained ownership.
Urchin diver James Robinson is believed to have been killed by a shark off Harris Point in the area known as Shark Park in 1994.
Park Service operations
The National Park Service (NPS) maintains two airstrips, a ranger station and a research station on San Miguel Island. The Island is normally staffed by a ranger who enforces park laws, while also providing interpretive services for public visitors. The island also hosts scientists who study pinnipeds and manage the island fox captive breeding program that is conducted on the island. Volunteer interpretive rangers often fill in for regularly paid rangers due to budget deficits within the park.
Fauna
In July 2011, researchers discovered that a "loomerie" (breeding colony) of the California common murre (Uria aalge californica) had returned to Prince Island, an islet off San Miguel Island, for the first time since 1912. Like penguins, the football-size black-and-white seabirds use their wings to "fly" deep underwater, but unlike penguins, they also fly in the air. This colony disappeared nearly a century ago, likely because of egg harvesting, but now their southern range is re-established.
In the 1960s, northern fur seals (Callorhinus ursinus) successfully recolonized San Miguel Island, making the island the 3rd American (and southernmost) breeding colony. The first seals had flipper tags identifying them as being from the Pribilof or Commander Islands in the Bering Sea. By 2006, nearly 100 pups were born. Today the San Miguel colony numbers around 10,000 animals, with the pup count alone reaching 1,709 individuals by 2016, reflecting a 45% average (but highly variable) annual increase in new pups over the past 21 years. Great white sharks, which prey on the seals and sea lions, are fairly common in the waters around the island, hunted by orcas.
Climate
San Miguel Island does not receive protection from the open ocean as do the other Channel Islands. Most of the time a strong northwest wind blows across the island. These winds typically exceed and can surpass . When strong high pressure is over the mainland, the winds often cease.
Heavy fog is common on the island, especially during May and June. On warmer days the fog will burn off only to have the strong northwest wind blow in additional fog from the open ocean. On foggy days the temperature will rarely exceed . Annual rainfall is about 17 inches, mostly falling between November and March.
Tourism
In May 2016, the island was reopened to tourism, following a two-year U.S. Navy survey over of marked trails and high-use areas. The survey intended to remove any dangerous ordnance in those areas. The NPS escorts all visitors and limits visitors to the established trail system. Visitors must sign an access permit and liability waiver. Access permits are available at the boat and air concession offices and at a self-registration station at the Nidever Canyon trailhead on San Miguel Island.
Island Packers and Channel Islands Aviation have concession agreements to provide transportation to the Island. Channel Islands Aviation provides on-demand service. There is no transportation available on the island so access is by foot, private boat or kayak.
Landing
are not uncommon in the Pacific between Santa Rosa Island and San Miguel Island. The Island has no pier so all public visitors arriving by sea arrive by skiff at Cuyler Harbor. Landing on the island can be challenging, as the surf can swamp the landing boat. During ideal weather, visitors are put ashore directly in front of the trail that leads into the interior of the island. When the swell is high, visitors might be placed on the beach to the east or west, depending upon conditions.
Camping facilities
San Miguel Island includes a campground with ten sites. Each campsite includes a picnic table, wind break and an animal-proof box. The campground includes one pit toilet. Fires are prohibited due to the high winds and the inability to extinguish them. Sturdy tents are recommended as the wind can exceed , even during the summer. It is recommended that campers tie their tents to the wind break to keep them from blowing away when not being occupied.
Hiking
With the exception of the trail leading from the beach in Cuyler Harbor to the campground and ranger station, hiking is restricted to ranger-led outings. Many visitors participate in the round trip hike to Point Bennett to view the thousands of elephant seals and sea lions that reside at the west end of the island during spring and summer. Another popular hike is to the island's caliche forest.
Water activities
Visitors to the island are restricted to ocean access at Cuyler Harbor. This landing is well protected from the strong ocean swell that is driven from the northwest. Cuyler has a sandy beach and visitors will often find themselves sharing the beach with elephant seals. The water is generally below 60 °F (16 °C), making it cold without a wetsuit. During low tides the harbor offers a tide pool area at the east end of the beach. Sea kayaking is not recommended for the novice as high winds can develop without notice. Bathers, divers and kayakers should be aware and alert to the occurrence of great white sharks in these waters. It is unwise to enter the water in early morning or late afternoon to early evening hours when sharks are feeding close to shore.
In popular culture
Portions of the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty were filmed on the island.
LIFE Magazine featured the Lester family's "reign" over the island in a 1930s photo feature. The 2012 T. C. Boyle novel San Miguel is a fictionalization of both the Waters' and Lesters' time on the island.
See also
Chumash people
Santa Barbara Channel
SS Cuba (1920)
References
Islands of the Channel Islands of California
Islands of Santa Barbara County, California
Channel Islands National Park
Uninhabited islands of California
Islands of Southern California
Islands of California
Shivampet or Shivampeta is a Mandal in Sangareddy district of Telangana, India.
References
Mandals in Telangana
Sangareddy district
Frantz Dorsainvil (born 2 July 1991) is a Haitian swimmer. He received a universality spot to compete in 50m freestyle at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto and finished 22nd with a time of 33.83 seconds. He competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where he ranked 83rd with a time of 30.86 seconds. He did not advance to the semifinals.
References
1991 births
Living people
Haitian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Haiti
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games competitors for Haiti
Swimmers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Ectrodactyly, split hand, or cleft hand (derived from Greek ektroma 'abortion' and daktylos 'finger') involves the deficiency or absence of one or more central digits of the hand or foot and is also known as split hand/split foot malformation (SHFM). The hands and feet of people with ectrodactyly (ectrodactyls) are often described as "claw-like" and may include only the thumb and one finger (usually either the little finger, ring finger, or a syndactyly of the two) with similar abnormalities of the feet.
It is a substantial rare form of a congenital disorder in which the development of the hand is disturbed. It is a type I failure of formation – longitudinal arrest. The central ray of the hand is affected and usually appears without proximal deficiencies of nerves, vessels, tendons, muscles and bones in contrast to the radial and ulnar deficiencies. The cleft hand appears as a V-shaped cleft situated in the centre of the hand. The digits at the borders of the cleft might be syndactilyzed, and one or more digits can be absent. In most types, the thumb, ring finger and little finger are the less affected parts of the hand. The incidence of cleft hand varies from 1 in 90,000 to 1 in 10,000 births depending on the used classification. Cleft hand can appear unilateral or bilateral, and can appear isolated or associated with a syndrome.
Split hand/foot malformation (SHFM) is characterized by underdeveloped or absent central digital rays, clefts of hands and feet, and variable syndactyly of the remaining digits. SHFM is a heterogeneous condition caused by abnormalities at one of multiple loci, including SHFM1 (SHFM1 at 7q21-q22), SHFM2 (Xq26), SHFM3 (FBXW4/DACTYLIN at 10q24), SHFM4 (TP63 at 3q27), and SHFM5 (DLX1 and DLX 2 at 2q31). SHFM3 is unique in that it is caused by submicroscopic tandem chromosome duplications of FBXW4/DACTYLIN. SHFM3 is considered 'isolated' ectrodactyly and does not show a mutation of the tp63 gene.
Presentation
Ectrodactyly can be caused by various changes to 7q. When 7q is altered by a deletion or a translocation, ectrodactyly can sometimes be associated with hearing loss. Ectrodactyly, or Split hand/split foot malformation (SHFM) type 1 is the only form of split hand/ malformation associated with sensorineural hearing loss.
Genetics
A large number of human gene defects can cause ectrodactyly. The most common mode of inheritance is autosomal dominant with reduced penetrance, while autosomal recessive and X-linked forms occur more rarely. Ectrodactyly can also be caused by a duplication on 10q24. Detailed studies of a number of mouse models for ectrodactyly have also revealed that a failure to maintain median apical ectodermal ridge (AER) signalling can be the main pathogenic mechanism in triggering this abnormality.
A number of factors make the identification of the genetic defects underlying human ectrodactyly a complicated process: the limited number of families linked to each split hand/foot malformation (SHFM) locus, the large number of morphogens involved in limb development, the complex interactions between these morphogens, the involvement of modifier genes, and the presumed involvement of multiple gene or long-range regulatory elements in some cases of ectrodactyly. In the clinical setting these genetic characteristics can become problematic and making predictions of carrier status and severity of the disease impossible to predict.
In 2011, a novel mutation in DLX5 was found to be involved in SHFM.
Ectrodactyly is frequently seen with other congenital anomalies. Syndromes in which ectrodactyly is associated with other abnormalities can occur when two or more genes are affected by a chromosomal rearrangement. Disorders associated with ectrodactyly include Ectrodactyly-Ectodermal Dysplasia-Clefting (EEC) syndrome, which is closely correlated to the ADULT syndrome and Limb-mammary (LMS) syndrome, Ectrodactyly-Cleft Palate (ECP) syndrome, Ectrodactyly-Ectodermal Dysplasia-Macular Dystrophy syndrome, Ectrodactyly-Fibular Aplasia/Hypoplasia (EFA) syndrome, and Ectrodactyly-Polydactyly. More than 50 syndromes and associations involving ectrodactyly are distinguished in the London Dysmorphology Database.
Pathophysiology
The pathophysiology of cleft hand is thought to be a result of a wedge-shaped defect of the apical ectoderm of the limb bud (AER: apical ectodermal ridge). Polydactyly, syndactyly and cleft hand can occur within the same hand, therefore some investigators suggest that these entities occur from the same mechanism.
This mechanism is not yet defined.
Genetics
The cause of cleft hand lies, for what is known, partly in genetics. The inheritance of cleft hand is autosomal dominant and has a variable penetrance of 70%.
Cleft hand can be a spontaneous mutation during pregnancy (de novo mutation). The exact chromosomal defect in isolated cleft hand is not yet defined. However, the genetic causes of cleft hand related to syndromes have more clarity.
The identified mutation for SHSF syndrome (split-hand/split-foot syndrome) a duplication on 10q24, and not a mutation of the tp63 gene as in families affected by EEC syndrome (ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft syndrome). The p63 gene plays a critical role in the development of the apical ectodermal ridge (AER), this was found in mutant mice with dactylaplasia.
Embryology
Some studies have postulated that polydactyly, syndactyly and cleft hand have the same teratogenic mechanism. In vivo tests showed that limb anomalies were found alone or in combination with cleft hand when they were given Myleran.
These anomalies take place in humans around day 41 of gestation.
Diagnosis
Classification
There are several classifications for cleft hand, but the most used classification is described by Manske and Halikis see table 3. This classification is based on the first webspace. The first webspace is the space between the thumb and the index finger.
Table 3: Classification for cleft hand described by Manske and Halikis
Treatment
The treatment of cleft hand is usually invasive and can differ each time because of the heterogeneity of the condition. The function of a cleft hand is mostly not restricted, yet improving the function is one of the goals when the thumb or first webspace is absent.
The social and stigmatising aspects of a cleft hand require more attention. The hand is a part of the body which is usually shown during communication. When this hand is obviously different and deformed, stigmatisation or rejection can occur. Sometimes, in families with cleft hand with good function, operations for cosmetic aspects are considered marginal and the families choose not to have surgery.
Indications
Surgical treatment of the cleft hand is based on several indications:
Improving function
Absent thumb
Deforming syndactyly (mostly between digits of unequal length like index and thumb)
Transverse bones (this will progress the deformity; growth of these bones will widen the cleft)
Narrowed first webspace
The feet
Aesthetical aspects
Reducing deformity
Timing of surgical interventions
The timing of surgical interventions is debatable. Parents have to decide about their child in a very vulnerable time of their parenthood. Indications for early treatment are progressive deformities, such as syndactyly between index and thumb or transverse bones between the digital rays. Other surgical interventions are less urgent and can wait for 1 or 2 years.
Classification and treatment
When surgery is indicated, the choice of treatment is based on the classification. Table 4 shows the treatment of cleft hand divided into the classification of Manske and Halikis.
Techniques described by Ueba, Miura and Komada and the procedure of Snow-Littler are guidelines; since clinical and anatomical presentation within the types differ, the actual treatment is based on the individual abnormality.
Table 4: Treatment based on the classification of Manske and Halikis
Snow-Littler
The goal of this procedure is to create a wide first webspace and to minimise the cleft in the hand. The index digit will be transferred to the ulnar side of the cleft. Simultaneously a correction of index malrotation and deviation is performed. To minimise the cleft, it is necessary to fix together the metacarpals which used to border the cleft. Through repositioning flaps, the wound can be closed.
Ueba
Ueba described a less complicated surgery. Transverse flaps are used to resurface the palm, the dorsal side of the transposed digit and the ulnar part of the first webspace. A tendon graft is used to connect the common extensor tendons of the border digits of the cleft to prevent digital separation during extension. The closure is simpler, but has cosmetic disadvantage because of the switch between palmar and dorsal skin.
Miura and Komada
The release of the first webspace has the same principle as the Snow-Littler procedure. The difference is the closure of the first webspace; this is done by simple closure or closure with Z-plasties.
History
Literature shows that cleft hand is described centuries ago. The first reference to what might be considered a cleft hand was by Ambroise Paré in 1575. Hartsink (1770) wrote the first report of true cleft hand. In 1896, the first operation of the cleft hand was performed by Doctor Charles N. Dowed of New York City. However, the first certain description of what we know as a cleft hand as we know it today was described at the end of the 19th century.
Symbrachydactyly
Historically, a U-type cleft hand was also known as atypical cleft hand. The classification in which typical and atypical cleft hand are described was mostly used for clinical aspects and is shown in table 1. Nowadays, this "atypical cleft hand" is referred to as symbrachydactyly and is not a subtype of cleft hand.
Notable cases
Bree Walker Once a popular television anchor woman in Los Angeles, she has appeared in the television drama Nip/Tuck as an inspirational character who battles her disease and counsels another family who have children with ectrodactyly
Grady Stiles Sr. and Grady Stiles Jr.: known publicly as Lobster Boy and family, famous side show acts, featured on the AMC reality show, Freakshow.
The Vadoma tribe in northern Zimbabwe
Mikhail Tal, Soviet chess player, World Chess Champion 1960–61
Lee Hee-ah, a Korean pianist with only two fingers on each hand.
Cédric Grégoire (better known as Lord Lokhraed) is the guitarist and lead vocalist of French black metal band Nocturnal Depression and has ectrodactyly on his fretting hand, which has only two fingers.
Black Scorpion, freak show performer.
Sam Schröder, 2020 US Open Quad Champion.
Francesca Jones, British pro tennis player, former #149 in WTA rankings.
Other animals
Ectrodactyly is not only a genetic characteristic in humans, but can also occur in frogs and toads, mice, salamanders, cows, chickens, rabbits, marmosets, cats and dogs, and even West Indian manatees. The following examples are studies showing the natural occurrence of ectrodactyly in animals, without the disease being reproduced and tested in a laboratory. In all three examples we see how rare the actual occurrence of ectrodactyly is.
Wood frog
The Department of Biological Sciences at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta performed a study to estimate deformity levels in wood frogs in areas of relatively low disturbance. After roughly 22,733 individuals were examined during field studies, it was found that only 49 wood frogs had the ectrodactyly deformity.
Salamanders
In a study performed by the Department of Forestry and Natural Resources at Purdue University, approximately 2000 salamanders (687 adults and 1259 larvae) were captured from a large wetland complex and evaluated for malformations. Among the 687 adults, 54 (7.9%) were malformed. Of these 54 adults, 46 (85%) had missing (ectrodactyly), extra (polyphalangy) or dwarfed digits (brachydactyly). Among the 1259 larvae, 102 were malformed, with 94 (92%) of the malformations involving ectrodactyly, polyphalangy, and brachydactyly. Results showed few differences in the frequency of malformations among life-history changes, suggesting that malformed larvae do not have substantially higher mortality than their adult conspecifics.
Cats and dogs
Davis and Barry 1977 tested allele frequencies in domestic cats. Among the 265 cats observed, there were 101 males and 164 females. Only one cat was recorded to have the ectrodactyly abnormality, illustrating this rare disease.
According to M.P. Ferreira, a case of ectrodactyly was found in a two-month-old male mixed Terrier dog. In another study, Carrig and co-workers also reported a series of 14 dogs with this abnormality proving that although ectrodactyly is an uncommon occurrence for dogs, it is not entirely unheard of.
See also
Oligodactyly
Sonic hedgehog, a main gene responsible for body symmetry during development.
References
External links
Rare diseases
Congenital disorders of musculoskeletal system
This article provides details of international football games played by the Hungary national football team from 1930 to 1949.
Results
1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939
1940
1941
1942
1943
1945
1948
1949
References
Football in Hungary
Hungary national football team results
1920s in Hungarian sport
1930s in Hungarian sport
A Meningeal biopsy is a biopsy performed of the meninges of the central nervous system.
It can involve the coverings of the brain or of the spinal cord.
MRI or CT may be used prior to the biopsy to assist in identifying the location for the biopsy.
References
Biopsy
This is a list of power stations in the U.S. state of California that are used for utility-scale electricity generation. This includes baseload, peaking, and energy storage power stations, but does not include large backup generators. , California had 80 GW of installed generation capacity encompassing more than 1,500 power plants; with 41 GW of natural gas, 26.5 GW of renewable (12 GW solar, 6 GW wind), 12 GW large hydroelectric, and 2.4 GW nuclear.
In 2020, California had a total summer capacity of 78,055 MW through all of its power plants, and a net energy generation of 193,075 GWh. Its electricity production was the third largest in the nation behind Texas and Florida. California ranks first in the nation as a producer of solar, geothermal, and biomass resources. Utility-scale solar photovoltaic and thermal sources together generated 17% of electricity in 2021. Small-scale solar including customer-owned PV panels delivered an additional net 19,828 GWh to California's electrical grid, equal to about half the generation by the state's utility-scale facilities.
The Diablo Canyon Power Plant in San Luis Obispo County is the largest power station in California with a nameplate capacity of 2,256 MW and an annual generation of 18,214 GWh in 2018. The largest under construction is the Westlands Solar Park in Kings County, which will generate 2,000 MW when completed in 2025.
The California Independent System Operator (CAISO) oversees the operation of its member utilities.
Battery storage
This is a list of operational battery storage power stations in California with a nameplate capacity of at least 10 megawatts.
Biomass
This is a list of operational biomass and biogas power stations in California with a nameplate capacity of at least 10 megawatts.
Coal
The Argus Cogeneration Plant in San Bernardino County is the only coal-fired power station still operating within the state of California. The Intermountain Power Plant (which is 75% owned by LADWP along with five other Los Angeles area cities) in the state of Utah supplied 20% of the electricity consumed by Los Angeles residents in 2017.
Geothermal
This is a list of all operational geothermal power stations in California.
Hydroelectric
Conventional
Conventional hydroelectric power stations include traditional reservoir and run-of-the-river hydroelectric power stations. The list below includes all conventional hydroelectric power station in the state with a nameplate capacity of at least 50 megawatts.
Pumped-storage
Pumped-storage hydroelectricity is important means of large-scale grid energy storage that helps improve the daily capacity factor of California's electricity generation system. This is a list of all operational pumped-storage power stations in California.
Natural gas
This is a list of operational natural gas-fired power stations in California with a nameplate capacity of at least 100 megawatts.
Nuclear
The Diablo Canyon Power Plant has been the only nuclear power station in California since the closure of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in 2013. Due to the changing dynamics of electricity generation in California, Diablo Canyon is scheduled to be decommissioned in 2025. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station (the largest power generator in the United States), which is 27% owned by California power agencies, in the neighboring state of Arizona supplies a significant amount of power to southern California.
Petroleum
This is a list of operational petroleum-fired power stations in California.
Solar
Photovoltaic
List of very large (>100MW) solar photovoltaic power stations in California as of January 1, 2019.
To update and expand this list, search the Energy Information Administration's plant-level data set by visiting the Electricity Data Browser.Alternatively, view the Solar Industry Association's Major Solar Projects List which is less frequently updated.
Thermal
This is a list of all operational solar thermal power stations in California.
Wind
This is a list of all operational wind farms in California.
Under construction
This is a list of power stations under construction in California.
Former facilities
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in California
List of power stations in the United States
References
Nuclear Energy in California (CA.gov): http://www.energy.ca.gov/nuclear/california.html retrieved: 11/10/12
External links
U.S. Department of Energy California Statistics
U.S. Department of Energy California Quick Facts
Calenergy Geothermal Plant Information
California
Power stations
The 2020–21 Luxembourg Cup was the 96th year of the football knockout tournament in Luxembourg. The cup began on 2 September 2020. If the cup had been completed, the winner of the cup would have earned a place in the 2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League.
The previous season's cup was abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Luxembourg.
For the second consecutive season, the cup was cancelled due to complications caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in Luxembourg.
Preliminary round
Six preliminary round matches were played on 2 September 2020. The draw for the preliminary and first rounds was held on 14 August 2020.
|}
First round
Thiry-two first round matches were played on 9 September 2020. The draw for the preliminary and first rounds was held on 14 August 2020.
|}
Second round
Thirty-one of thirty-two second round matches were played from 16–18 October 2020 before the competition was cancelled. The draw for the second round was held on 14 September 2020.
|}
Third round
Sixteen third round matches were scheduled to be played on 6 March 2021 before the competition was cancelled.
|}
See also
2020–21 Luxembourg National Division
References
External links
FLF
uefa.com
Cup
2020-21
Luxembourg
Luxembourg Cup
Matvei Vaisberg (; ; born 28 December 1958) is a Ukrainian painter, graphic artist and book designer.
Biography
Matvei Vaisberg is the only son of Semion Vaisberg, a chess trainer, and Shelly Harzman, an art historian; a grandson of the poet Matvey Harzman (Motl Harzman) on his mother's side and Berta J. Vaisberg, a seven-time Ukraine Champion in chess, on his father's.
In 1985, he graduated from Ivan Fiodorov Ukrainian Printing Institute (nowadays Ukrainian Academy of Printing). In 1988, he started to take part in collective exhibitions. In 1990, his first personal exhibition took place in the Historical Museum of Podol (Kiev).
More than fifty of both collective and his personal exhibitions have taken place by now, including those in the National Art Museum (Kyiv), Kyiv National Museum of Russian Art (Kyiv), Museum of Contemporary Art in Odessa (Odessa), Cherkasy Museum of Fine Arts (Cherkasy), Berlin Wall Museum (Berlin), Ukrainian Institute of America (New York), Europe House (London), the Sejm of the Republic of Poland (Warsaw), Georgian National museum Georgia.
Creative work
Vaisberg deeply appreciates the creative work of many artists, especially that of Georges Rouault, Chaïm Soutine and Francisco Goya.
Together with Andrij Mokrousov, an art and literary critic, he developed the conception of art arrière-garde many years ago and represents it in his art. Along with being a stranger to the mimetic, he cannot be considered to be close to abstract art at the same time. Without reckoning himself as a religious artist or a religious human, he nevertheless remains a faithful adherent of biblical themes (Days of Creation, Book of Job, Scenes from TaNaK).
In 2014, the artist turned his attention to the event, taking place in Kyiv during 2013-2014, and painted “Wall” cycle.
Painting cycles
Matvei Vaisberg is the author of “Seven Days” (1998-1999), “Judaean Desert” (2001), “Anthropic Principle” (2004-2008), “Dancings” (2006-2009), “Scenes from TaNaK” (2006), “Holy Heaven Remains Silent” (2008), “Pur Vital” (2006), “Threetwotwo” (2009), “Wall” (based on the prints for the Old Testament by Hans Holbein the Younger, 2012), and others.
In 2014, it was one more time when the artist painted a cycle, named “Wall”. The cycle was done from 28.01.2014 to 08.03.2014. It was dedicated to the event on Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) in Kyiv in 2013-2014. The author himself was a witness of the developments and an active participant in the historical event.
The cycle consists of 28 pictures, each measuring 45 cm by 60 cm, which are exhibited as a single block, looking like a wall.
The cycle was shown in Kyiv, London, Berlin, New York, Los Angeles, Warsaw (the Sejm of the Republic of Poland, 05.03.2015) and other cities in Poland. The artist is going to present the cycle to the public in Italy, USA and Ukraine.
Book design
Vaisberg is an illustrator of the books by Sholem Aleichem, Eduard Bagritsky, Isaac Babel, Grigorijus Kanovičius, José Ortega y Gasset, Carl Jung, Søren Kierkegaard, Fyodor Dostoyevsky and Joseph Roth.
Works of art in museums and galleries
Painting and graphic works by Matvei Vaisberg are in museums and galleries in Kyiv, Vilnius, Chicago, Berlin and other cities as well as in private collections in different countries of the world.
In 2014, the Magnes Museum (Berkeley, California, USA) bought 12 pictures by Vaisberg for its collection of Jewish art and life. Four of them are portraits of the famous Yiddish-language Jewish poets, executed by Soviet NKVD in 1952 (Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee case, Night of the Murdered Poets), Itzik Feffer (1900-1952), Leib Kvitko (1890-1952), Peretz Markish (1895-1952), David Hofstein (1889-1952); four – of the famous writers and poets Sholem Aleichem, Osip Mandelstam, Boris Pasternak and David Bergelson.
References
External links
Gallery on-line
Interviewing the artist, 2010 (in Russian)
Interviewing the artist for a project of Torf TV
Matvei Vaisberg: There's a very interesting game in Kyiv
Artistic Bohemia in Barricade Fighting. Part 7. Matvei Vaisberg
“While the Ashes Gleam” exhibition in the “Spiritual riches of Ukraine” museum, Kyiv
“Wall” 28.01.2014 – 08.03.2014
Virtual tour to Matvei Vaisberg's studio
Literary Minds. Soviet Jewish Writers portrayed by Matvey Vaisberg
About Matvei Vaisberg on the Virtual Museum of Judaica website (Kyiv)
1958 births
Living people
Ukrainian Jews
Ukrainian male painters
Ukrainian painters
Jewish painters
Modern painters
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Meiden Yamanaka Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 20.4 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two opposed side platforms. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Meiden Yamanaka Station was opened on April 1, 1926 as on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1, 1935. The station received its present name on December 1, 1938. The station platforms and tracks were elevated on October 24, 1992.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 452 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 1
Yamanaka Elementary School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki, Aichi
Bordello Death Tales is a 2009 horror anthology film directed by James Eaves ("The Ripper"), Alan Ronald ("Stitchgirl") and Pat Higgins ("Vice Day").
Plot
"The Ripper" features a serial killer who targets strippers and eventually takes home the wrong girl from the title bordello.
"Stitchgirl" stars Eleanor James as the title character who is crafted from several girls to suit the whims of bordello patron Dr Whale. This segment was intended to be an homage to James Whale's Bride of Frankenstein.
"Vice Day" is the story of Daniel Cain who is a one day a year indulges his basest urges. On this day, Cain terrorizes a webcam model.
ReceptionAint It Cool News'' said the filmmakers "deliver original and unique chills and thrills." M. J. Simpson called the film "An ambitious and impressive recreation of the golden age of Amicus."
References
External links
2009 horror films
2009 films
2000s English-language films
Alec Peters (born April 13, 1995) is an American-born naturalized Bosnian professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League and the EuroLeague. He played college basketball for Valparaiso University, where he was an All-American in 2017.
High school career
A 6'9" small forward from Washington, Illinois, Peters was a first-team all-state selection in his final two seasons at Washington Community High School. He selected Valparaiso over larger-conference schools such as Boston College, Missouri and Tennessee.
College career
He immediately became the focus of the team's offense as a freshman, having an eventful season in adjusting to opponent defensive attention and the distraction of serious storms causing destruction in his hometown. As a sophomore, Peters settled into a starring role, averaging 16.8 points and 6.7 rebounds per game. At the conclusion of the season, he was named first-team All-Horizon League. In the 2015 Horizon League Tournament, Peters was named tournament MVP in leading the Crusaders to the NCAA tournament.
In his junior season, Peters gained more of a national reputation. He averaged 18.4 points and 8.4 rebounds per game and led the Crusaders to the 2016 National Invitation Tournament final, where they lost to George Washington. At the close of the season, Peters took advantage of looser NBA draft eligibility rules to declare for the 2016 NBA draft. He ultimately chose to withdraw his name and after speculation that he might transfer, he opted to return to Valparaiso for his senior year in 2016–17.
Prior to the start of the 2016–17 season, Peters was named the preseason Horizon League Player of the Year. He surpassed the 2,000 career point mark in a December 28, 2016 game against Chicago State. On March 10, 2017, Peters had a surgery on his right foot, which resulted in him missing the last four games of his college career. At the end of the regular season, Peters was officially named the Horizon League Player of the Year. He led the conference with 23.0 points and 10.1 rebounds per game, being one of two players in Division I games to record an average of 20 points and 10 rebounds that season (the other being Tim Kempton Jr.). He also became the only Division I player that year to be in the Top 20 for both points and rebounds. Peters scored 2,348 total points and grabbed 996 total rebounds in his Valparaiso career, which are both school records.
Professional career
Phoenix Suns (2017–2018)
In the 2017 NBA draft, Peters was selected with the 54th pick by the Phoenix Suns. While Peters was officially named a member of the Suns' 2017 NBA Summer League squad, he ultimately did not play due to a right foot stress fracture he had before working out with other teams properly throughout the NBA's draft process. He officially signed with the Suns on September 18, 2017. His contract would be a two-way deal, meaning he'd split his playing time between Phoenix and their NBA G League affiliate, the Northern Arizona Suns. Peters made his professional debut on October 18, 2017 against the Portland Trail Blazers. After playing in one more game with Phoenix, Peters was transferred to the Northern Arizona Suns affiliate team on October 23, 2017. Throughout this time, Peters would split his playing time between Northern Arizona and Phoenix, mostly playing with the Northern Arizona team in the process. In the last game of his rookie season, he would record a career-high 36 points (including a franchise record-high 8 three-pointers for rookies) and a season-high 9 rebounds in a blowout 124–97 win against the Dallas Mavericks on April 10, 2018. He was the only player besides James Harden that season to record at least 35 points with 8 three-pointers made and 7 rebounds in a single game.
On July 1, 2018, Peters changed his number from 25 to 14 while playing for the Suns in the 2018 NBA Summer League.
CSKA Moscow (2018–2019)
On July 23, 2018, the PBC CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League announced the signing of Peters. He won the VTB League title averaging 6.2 points per game. On July 1, 2019, Peters was officially released from the Russian club.
Anadolu Efes (2019–2020)
On July 8, 2019, Alec Peters signed a one-year contract with Turkish champions and EuroLeague finalists Anadolu Efes. After averaging 4.2 points per game, he left the team on June 30, 2020.
Saski Baskonia (2020–2022)
On July 4, 2020, Peters signed with Saski Baskonia of the Liga ACB.
Olympiacos (2022–present)
On July 10, 2022, Peters signed with Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League.
The Basketball Tournament
Peters joined Team Hines in The Basketball Tournament 2020.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Phoenix
| 20 || 0 || 11.3 || .378 || .310 || .800 || 1.9 || .6 || .1 || .1 || 4.1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 20 || 0 || 11.3 || .378 || .310 || .800 || 1.9 || .6 || .1 || .1 || 4.1
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| CSKA Moscow
| 36 || 18 || 16.1 || .400 || .433 || .893 || 2.7 || 0.7 || .5 || .1 || 5.3 || 4.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Anadolu Efes
| 27 || 6 || 13.4 || .676|| .417 || .846 || 2.1 || 0.5 || .3 || .1 || 4.2 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Baskonia
| 33 || 6 || 23.2 || .562 || .447 || .915 || 3.9 || 1.6 || .5 || .2 || 11.5 || 12.5
NBA G League
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Northern Arizona
| 35 || 35 || 34.0 || .467 || .411 || .851 || 7.1 || 2.0 || .6 || .3 || 17.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 35 || 35 || 34.0 || .467 || .411 || .851 || 7.1 || 2.0 || .6 || .3 || 17.6
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;" | Valparaiso
| 34 || 34 || 29.6 || .490 || .383 || .773 || 4.8 || 1.4 || .9 || .1 || 12.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" | 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;" | Valparaiso
| 34 || 34 || 30.6 || .489 || .466 || .829 || 6.7 || 1.2 || .7 || .3 || 16.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Valparaiso
| 37 || 37 || 32.1 || .505 || .440 || .850 || 8.4 || 1.3 || .7 || .3 || 18.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Valparaiso
| 29 || 29 || 35.1 || .466 || .363 || .887 || 10.1 || 2.2 || .8 || .4 || 23.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 134 || 134 || 31.7 || .487 || .416 || .846 || 7.4 || 1.5 || .8 || .3 || 17.5
References
External links
Valparaiso Crusaders bio
1995 births
Living people
All-American college men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Basketball players from Illinois
Liga ACB players
Northern Arizona Suns players
PBC CSKA Moscow players
People from Washington, Illinois
Phoenix Suns draft picks
Phoenix Suns players
Power forwards (basketball)
Saski Baskonia players
Small forwards
Valparaiso Beacons men's basketball players
The 2016 Oceania Rugby Women's Championship was the inaugural Oceania Championship for women's rugby in the region. It was held in Suva on November 5th. It was part of the 2017 Rugby World Cup qualifying process.
Teams
Three teams initially nominated for the tournament were Fiji, Papua New Guinea and Samoa. With their long history of World Cup participation, Samoa seemed to be favourites to become the region's entry. However, in a surprise move, Oceania Rugby refused Samoa's participation on the same grounds as World Rugby had barred Kenya and Uganda from African regional qualification – the lack of a robust domestic women's fifteens rugby tournament (almost all of Samoa's squads in past years had come from players living and playing in New Zealand and Australia). As such, the championship was decided in a one-off match between the remaining two teams, with Fiji winning to advance to the Repechage tournament in Hong Kong.
Playoff match
References
2016 in women's rugby union
2016 in Oceanian rugby union
2016 in Fijian sport
Oceania Rugby Women's Championship
The Sichuan jay (Perisoreus internigrans) is a species of bird in the family Corvidae. It is endemic to China.
Taxonomy
It is one of three members of the genus Perisoreus, the others being the Siberian jay, P. infaustus, found from Norway to eastern Russia, and the Canada jay, P. canadensis, restricted to the boreal forest and western montane regions of North America. All three species store food and live year-round on permanent territories in coniferous forests.
Distribution and habitat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Conservation
They are mostly situated in isolated fragments of highly elevated coniferous forests on the Qinghai-Tibet plateau of west-central China. These locations are generally isolated, because of the mountainous terrain of the region. However, it is predicted that both of the extent of suitable habitat and the suitability of that habitat will decrease substantially under climate change. Climate change might force these birds to migrate northward and upward, where areas remaining for such compensatory extension are quite restricted. In addition, acceptable habitat will become much more disconnected, which may increase the negative effects of climate change indirectly by slowing or halting gene flow and accelerating the rate of extinction of fragmented local populations.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Sichuan jay
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
Sichuan jay
Sichuan jay
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taypi Qullu (Aymara taypi center, middle, qullu mountain, "center mountain", Hispanicized spelling Taypi Kkollu) is a mountain in the Cordillera Occidental in the Andes of Bolivia. It lies in the Oruro Department, Mejillones Province, La Rivera Municipality. Taypi Qullu is situated south of the mountain Chullumpiri, south-west of Laram Pukara and north-west of Janq'u Qullu. The river Ch'iyar Qullu Jawira ("black mountain river", also spelled Chiar Kkollu Jahuira) flows along its slopes and then to the south-west.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
The Volunteer Arms is a grade II listed building and working public house in Barton-upon-Humber, North Lincolnshire, England.
References
Grade II listed pubs in Lincolnshire
Grade II listed buildings in North Lincolnshire
Barton-upon-Humber
18th-century establishments in England
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1973:.
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1973 at HKcinemamagic.com
1973
Films
Lists of 1973 films by country or language
Almirante Norte is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,397.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Almirante Norte barrio was 902.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Qiu Fengjia or Chiu Feng-Chia (; 26 December 1864 – 25 February 1912) was a Taiwanese Hakka−Chinese patriot, educator, and poet.
History
He was born in Aulang Town (), Tamsui Ting, Taiwan Prefecture, Fujian Province (modern-day Tongluo, Miaoli County, Taiwan) with ancestry from Jiaoling, Guangdong, in 1864, during Qing rule. He had a son Chiu (Qiu) Nian-Tai (literally remember Taiwan 丘 念 台) and two grand children Chiu Ying-Nan (丘 應 楠 son) and Chiu Ying-Tang (丘 應 棠 daughter).
Qiu advocated and organized the setting up of militia forces in Taiwan and sold his property assets for the cause. By 1894, there were 140 camps of militia forces totally 100 000 men in Taiwan. Following the Qing dynasty's cession of Formosa (Taiwan) and the Pescadores to Japan in April 1895 at the end of the First Sino-Japanese War, the Republic of Formosa was formed. Tang Jingsong, the Qing governor of Taiwan, was appointed as President, with Qiu as Vice-President and Liu Yongfu, commander of the armed forces. Qiu was also the commander of the militia forces.
Tang was suspicious of Liu Yongfu who had won fame as a Chinese patriot fighting against the French in northern Vietnam (Tonkin) in the 1870s and early 1880s. Liu was sent to defend Tainan in southern Taiwan. The Japanese attacked Keelung in northern Taiwan and easily defeated Tang's ill-discipline forces. Tang quickly fled Taiwan after the defeat. Qiu led the militia forces to continue the fighting but was advised by his father to leave Taiwan so that he could make a comeback another time. The militia forces, including women in its ranks, continued the resistance for few months, and inflicted fewer deaths on the invading Japanese army. This figure was many times higher than the losses in the First Sino-Japanese War against the Japanese forces.
Qiu was later involved in Xinhai revolution and was Guangdong Representative for the Republic of China Provisional Presidential Election in 1911. He later became a member of the government of Sun Yat-sen.
Feng Chia University in Taichung, Taiwan is named in honor of him.
References
ChinaTaiwan.org
China History Forum
1864 births
1912 deaths
Politicians of the Republic of China
Taiwanese poets
Taiwanese politicians
19th-century Taiwanese writers
20th-century Taiwanese writers
People of the 1911 Revolution
Hakka people
Taiwanese people of Hakka descent
People from Jiaoling
People from Miaoli County
Taiwan under Qing rule
Taiwan under Japanese rule
Paradoris mulciber is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1971
Strombach may refer to:
David Štrombach (born 1996), Czech football player
Strombach (Agger), a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, tributary of the Agger
Strombach, a district of the town Gummersbach, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
A Prayer for the Dying is a 1987 thriller film about a former IRA member trying to escape his past. The film was directed by Mike Hodges, and stars Mickey Rourke, Liam Neeson, Bob Hoskins, and Alan Bates. The film is based on the 1973 Jack Higgins novel of the same name.
Plot
The film begins with a small IRA team, including Martin Fallon (Mickey Rourke) and Liam Docherty (Liam Neeson), watching as two British Army Land Rovers approach the roadside bomb they have set for them. At the last minute, a school bus overtakes the army vehicles and detonates the bomb as it passes, killing the children. After most of the team escape the scene pursued by the soldiers, Fallon travels to London in a bid to escape the past. In London, he is approached by a contact who asks him to take on one last job on behalf of local gangster Jack Meehan (Alan Bates) and his brother Billy Meehan (Christopher Fulford). They offer Fallon money, a passport and passage to the US if he kills a rival gangster. Initially reluctant, he nonetheless takes on the job. However, as he is carrying out the hit in a graveyard, he is seen and confronted by the local Catholic priest, Father Michael Da Costa (Bob Hoskins). The confrontation is watched from a distance by Billy Meehan, who tells his brother there is a witness to the killing.
Fallon visits the church and confesses to the priest in a bid to ensure his silence; he also meets and finds himself becoming attracted to the priest's blind niece Anna (Sammi Davis), who lives at the church along with her uncle. Meehan, however, insists that Fallon must kill the priest too and tells Fallon he will not be paid until the loose end is tied up. Fallon now finds himself targeted by both the Meehans and the IRA, who see him as a security risk following his disappearance, and send Docherty and another member, Siobhan Donovan (Alison Doody), to London to persuade him to return to Ireland. Billy Meehan eventually decides to take matters in his own hands and goes to the church looking for Fallon, but Anna kills him in a struggle when he attacks her after finding her alone in the church house. Fallon meanwhile manages to outwit a group of Meehan's men who had been assigned to kill him after tricking him aboard a boat he was assured would be taking him to the US. Returning to the church, Fallon finds Jack Meehan with a bomb he intends to use to kill the priest and his niece but which will be blamed on Fallon and his IRA connections. After a struggle, Anna and Michael escape, but the bomb goes off killing Meehan and leaving Fallon fatally injured. In his dying moments, Fallon confesses his past to the priest, who grants him absolution. Fallon dies in peace.
Cast
Production
The novel was published in 1973. It was a moderate success though was critically well received being compared to Graham Greene. It had previously been adapted for Canadian TV in 1985 with Sean Mulcahy in the lead role.
Producer Peter Snell succeeded in raising the entire budget from Sam Goldwyn. Originally Franc Roddam was going direct A Prayer for the Dying but left during pre-production due to creative differences with Snell. "Rodham apparently wanted to make an Irish 'Rambo,' " said Alan Bates, "whereas Peter was aiming for something with far less violence and far more suspense."
"It's very Graham Greene-ish, this story," said Hodges. "And the characters are straight out of Dickens. Rat-like crooks, old London warehouses, cemeteries-and a blind girl, Anna (Sophie Ward), who is Da Costa's niece."
"The script (by Edmund Ward) that I was sent by (producer) Peter Snell was a very good adaptation of Jack Higgins' novel," Rourke said. But he was worried it would be too violent. "That is not a kind of picture I want to make in any case, and especially not the kind of picture I wanted to make after doing some research on Northern Ireland."
Rourke wanted the script to reflect Fallon's background, such as the conditions of the Irish Catholics, ("They're not unlike the conditions of the blacks in the south in America before the civil rights movement of the sixties," said Rourke) and sectarianism. "I thought that the script needed some of this information to explain why my character, Fallon, picked up a gun."
Mickey Rourke was paid £1 million to star in the film. This was part of the play or pay deal.
"He's contributed a lot of good ideas to the script," said Hodges. "He's very good in this. But then I've always liked his work. He's spent months perfecting an Irish accent. He really looks the part."
Hodges worked on the script too. "I think my main contribution was to make this killing Fallon's last," he said. "In Ireland he killed for political reasons. This last one he does for self-preservation. In the original story he went on killing people, which I thought wouldn't work for us. It made him just another hoodlum."
Originally Inseminoid music composer John Scott had composed the film but was fired due to creative differences from the producers and they hired Bill Conti to finish the score.
Tony Earnshaw recalls in his book "Made in Yorkshire" that another film version of the novel was planned in the 1970s to film in Leeds (the city where the original book was set) starring Lee Marvin and directed and written by Edward Dmytryk. Photos of the two men looking at Leeds locations for the film are shown in Earnshaw's book.
As part of his research for his character Mickey Rourke met some IRA members.
For the priest character, Hodges said, "Priests can be so sanctimonious on the screen, and I didn't want a Barry Fitzgerald or a Bing Crosby. I wanted him to be a more working-class priest, a rough diamond." He cast Bob Hoskins.
Alan Bates was cast as the villain. "Only once before - in a Pinter play called One for the Road - have I played an absolute, out-and-out villain," Bates said. "There's a kind of ghastly pleasure in playing people like that - it's a side of oneself that, if it's there, one doesn't usually explore. This man in A Prayer for the Dying is so caught up in his own evil that he's lost perspective, though in a very way he has his own morality. He won't hurt old ladies, for example, and he takes genuine pride in what he does: death is an art form to him. The film is about conscience, but there's a macabre wit and a heightened sense of style in it."
Filming began in October 1986.
Editing dispute
Hodges said he delivered his cut of the film to Goldwyn in March and the company, without consulting him, reedited it and replaced its musical score. Hodges tried to take his name off as he felt the studio had drastically altered the film. He called it, "a piece of schlock for the American market divested of any kind of poetry or subtlety." Jack Higgins called it the best film made from one of his novels.
"They tried to use music to soften Fallon," Hodges said. "They felt he was unpleasant and unsympathetic and that they could overcome that with music. I said, `If you don't like Fallon, there is nothing you can do – with music or anything else – to make him likable.' I don't think they ever understood the character. What they have done to (the movie) makes quite certain the audience will never understand him, either."
"I don't like it; I don't like the music; it has no tension and I don't want my name associated with it," Hodges said in 1987. "I have written to Goldwyn twice asking to have my name removed from it. I got no reply to either one. They said it was too late to take my name off the prints and all the promotional materials. But they had shown the film to others earlier. Obviously, they just didn't want to deal with my problems."
According to film producer Peter Snell only three minutes had been cut out.
"There's a guy in the United States called Sam Goldwyn Jr. who's a . . . and he lied," Rourke said at the Cannes Film Festival. "I thought we had a deal with a handshake. I was making a small movie that I hoped would make things clearer about what's going on (in Northern Ireland). He wanted to turn it into a big commercial extravaganza-type thing."
Goldwyn said "I won't say the experience (of making the movie) was terribly happy, but it's a good picture and he [Rourke] is very good in it."
"It isn't often a writer gets his work so accurately brought to the screen," Higgins wrote.
Reception
The film was due to open the London Film Festival on November 11, 1987 but was pulled following the IRA's Remembrance Day bombing in Enniskillen on November 8.
A Prayer for the Dying has a mixed reaction. Some liked Rourke's performance. Others put fault in his Irish accent. Other critics thought Bob Hoskins was miscast in his portrayal of the priest.
Director's cut
There were rumours that there was going to be a director's cut of the film as Mike Hodges had a critical hit film Croupier. That release was going to be by MGM. Both region 1 and 2 have the original theatrical release.
References
External links
Film 87 Mike Hodges express his dislike on the Studio cut.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1QVvecybFO4
Film review (Washington Post)
Film review (Chicago Sun-Times)
1987 films
1987 independent films
1980s thriller drama films
Political thriller films
1980s English-language films
Films scored by Bill Conti
Films based on British novels
American independent films
Films directed by Mike Hodges
Films about The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Films about the Irish Republican Army
British drama films
British independent films
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
1987 drama films
1980s American films
1980s British films
Azzazin is an album by Muslimgauze. The album has slightly different artwork depending on the pressing.
The album cover refers to the logo of the Italian oil company AGIP today acquired by (also italian) ENI.
Pressings
Staalplaat 1st edition limited edition of 500 copies in digipak. (1996)
Arsnova "selection 500 copies". An unofficial bootleg release. (2002)
Staalplaat 2nd edition in jewel-case, limited to 800 copies. (2004)
Track lengths
4:39
5:32
2:31
4:37
5:45
5:13
2:00
1:03
2:11
4:11
2:10
2:01
3:27
All tracks are untitled.
References
1996 albums
Muslimgauze albums
Naki Depass is a Jamaican fashion model.
Career
Depass debuted as an exclusive for Burberry and Prada, and a semi-exclusive for Céline; she also walked for Givenchy in her first season. She has walked for Balenciaga for 5 seasons. She has also walked for Isabel Marant, John Galliano, Giorgio Armani, Armani Privé, Hermès, Loewe, Valentino, Roberto Cavalli, Calvin Klein, Tory Burch, Salvatore Ferragamo, Jil Sander, Ralph Lauren, Victoria Beckham, and Off-White. Depass has appeared in i-D and Dazed editorials. Vogue Italia chose her as one of the "Top 50" black fashion models of 2016.
Depass has appeared in campaigns for Michael Kors, Mango, Balenciaga, and H&M.
Personal life
Depass is studying accounting at the University of the West Indies.
References
Living people
Jamaican female models
People from Clarendon Parish, Jamaica
Year of birth missing (living people)
Prada exclusive models
Generals is the second studio album by the indie pop band The Mynabirds. It was released by Saddle Creek Records on June 5, 2012 and produced by Richard Swift. The album's title was inspired by Richard Avedon's photograph "Generals of the Daughters of the American Revolution".
Track listing
All songs written by Laura Burhenn, except where noted.
Reception
On Metacritic, Generals has an average score of 79 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Eric Harvey, writing for Pitchfork, praised the album as "a stylistically diverse collection of openhearted, politically engaged pop", adding that Burhenn succeeds in "translating [her] deeply held political conventions into good tunes". In a similarly positive review for Consequence of Sound, Tony Hardy also comments on the political nature of the lyrics, stating that Burhenn "juxtaposes the privileged, regal ladies of Avedon's portrait with those she considers to be true daughters of the revolution, the likes, say, of Rosa Parks or Naomi Wolf." Drake Baer of Paste described Generals as "[Burhenn's] militant, heartfelt, frustrated pacifism [...] set into pop convention".
References
External links
Generals on Allmusic
2012 albums
The Mynabirds albums
Albums produced by Richard Swift (singer-songwriter)
Saddle Creek Records albums
Jeu is a 2006 animated short by Georges Schwizgebel. Described as a film about the frenetic pace of modern life, Jeu is set to the scherzo of Prokofiev's Concerto for Piano No. 2, Opus 16. The film has received 12 international awards, including the Silver Dove Award from the international jury for animated film at the International Leipzig Festival for Documentary and Animated Film, the award for best experimental/abstract animation under 35 minutes at the Ottawa International Animation Festival, and a Special International Jury Prize at the Hiroshima International Animation Festival. Jeu is co-produced by the National Film Board of Canada and Studio GDS.
References
External links
Watch Jeu at NFB.ca
Abstract animation
Canadian avant-garde and experimental short films
2006 films
National Film Board of Canada animated short films
Swiss animated short films
Animated films without speech
2000s animated short films
2006 animated films
2000s avant-garde and experimental films
2000s Canadian films
The Championship is an annual rugby union competition in England between teams representing English counties. After restructuring in 2007 the top tier of the Championship has been known as the Bill Beaumont Cup, after the trophy awarded to the competition winners was named in honour of Bill Beaumont, a former England and British & Irish Lions captain. In 2017 the competition was officially known as Bill Beaumont Division 1, with teams also competing in Division 2 and Division 3, which prior to 2017 were known as the Plate and Shield competitions.
The Championship has a long history, being first officially recognised by the Rugby Football Union in 1889. The 2018 Championship was the 118th competition. The most successful county, Lancashire, has won the competition 25 times, followed by Gloucestershire (17) and Yorkshire (15). Lancashire (34) & Gloucestershire (33) have made the most appearances in contested finals.
On four occasions the tournament final has been tied at full-time and a second leg rematch has been played. Two of these rematches were also tied and on these occasions (1907 and 1967) the finalists were declared joint winners. In 1991 the final match between Cornwall and Yorkshire was tied at full-time and extra time was played, with Cornwall winning 29–20.
In 2001 the Championship did not take place due to the 2001 United Kingdom foot-and-mouth outbreak; instead Yorkshire and Cornwall were invited to play at Twickenham.
The 2015 final was contested by Lancashire and Cornwall, with the teams meeting in the final for the third consecutive year. Cornwall won the championship with an 18-13 victory, their fourth title overall and their first since 1999. Cornwall retained their title in 2016, this time beating Cheshire, 35–13. In 2017 Cornwall and Lancashire met in the final for the fourth time in five seasons. Lancashire won 19-8 and prevented Cornwall from completing a hat-trick of county titles.
Structure
There was little formal structure to the first official years of the competition, with teams playing different numbers of matches and different opposition from across England. The winners were determined by a panel of judges from the RFU Committee. From 1891–1895, the four winners of four regional Championships (North East, North West, South East and South West) played a round-robin tournament to determine the overall winner of the County Championship.
A restructured in 1896, led to the creation of North and South regions only, the winners of these regional competitions playing a final for the County Championship. Another restructure in 1921 saw the formation of five regions and the knock-out stage of the championship extend to semi-finals and a final. The winners of the North East, North West and South East regions were entered into a semi-final draw along with the winners of a play-off between the winners of the South and South West regions.
From 2007 to 2016, the top eight counties were split into two regions of four teams, North and South, who played a round-robin tournament. The winners of each region competed for the English County Championship in the final. This format was repeated for the eight counties that competed for the County Championship Plate. The eleven counties which competed for the County Championship Shield were split into three pools from which the winners and the runner-up with the best record met in semi-final matches.
In 2017 the competition was given a new structure, with the top tier comprising twelve teams and the second and third tiers having eight teams each. Each tier has a final each year, but promotion and relegation between tiers is decided on a two-year basis.
Past winners
1889-1895
1896-1983
1984-present
Since 1984 all Championship finals have been played at Twickenham.
Championships by county
Cumbria, a 1974 amalgamation of the former counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, and the Furness part of Lancashire, is shown separately from Cumberland and Lancashire.
Eastern Counties and Notts, Lincs & Derby have reached the final but have never won the championship.
Gloucestershire is the only county to have completed a "hat-trick of tat-trick" of county titles: 1920,1921 & 1922; 1930,1931 & 1932; 1974,1975 & 1976.
John Fidler, former Gloucester, Gloucestershire and England lock forward, still holds the record for the most County Championship Final appearances, nine in all, from 1971 to 1984.
References
External links
http://countyrugby.com/index.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20081113051546/http://www.rfu.com/index.cfm/fuseaction/RFUHome.Community_Detail/StoryID/19903
Rugby union competitions in England
Recurring sporting events established in 1889
1889 establishments in England
Borderline is a British mockumentary television comedy series devised by Michael Orton-Toliver and Chris Gau. Narrated by Ralf Little, the series launched on 2 August 2016 on Channel 5. The series follows the activity of agents working for Borderline, a fictionalised version of the Border Force, at the fictional Northend Airport.
In contrast to most series, which require the cast to memorise a script, Borderline is "retro-scripted": The cast is given a plot outline to guide them as they improvise their dialogue and actions.
As of December 2016, the series is available on Netflix in select regions.
Production
In February 2016, it was announced that Channel 5 had ordered a new comedy series. The news was revealed by Royle Family star Ralf Little.
The first series was filmed at Coventry Airport in March/April 2016.
Series 2
In August 2016, during the first series run it was announced by Ben Frow (Channel 5's Director of Programming) that the show had been commissioned for a second series.
References
External links
2016 British television series debuts
2017 British television series endings
2010s British comedy television series
Aviation television series
Channel 5 (British TV channel) original programming
British comedy television shows
English-language television shows
British mockumentary television series
Television shows set in Warwickshire
Taypi Qullu (Aymara taypi center, middle, qullu mountain, "center mountain", also spelled Taipi Kkollu, Taypi Khollu, Taypi Kkollu, Taipicollo) may refer to:
Taypi Qullu (Carangas), a mountain in the Carangas Municipality, Mejillones Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Taypi Qullu (La Paz), a mountain in the Murillo Province, La Paz Department, Bolivia
Taypi Qullu (Mejillones), a mountain in the La Rivera Municipality, Mejillones Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Taypi Qullu (Sabaya), a mountain in the Sabaya Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Taypi Qullu (Sajama), a mountain southwest of Jach'a Apachita in the Turco Municipality, Sajama Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Taypi Qullu (Turco), a mountain near Junt'u Uta in the Turco Municipality, Sajama Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Spring Valley Lake is a census-designated place in the Victor Valley of the Mojave Desert, within San Bernardino County, California. It is located in Victorville on the Mojave River.
Geography
Spring Valley Lake sits at an elevation of .
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 3.5 square miles (9.1 km), 3.0 square miles (7.7 km) of it land, and 0.6 square miles (1.5 km) of it (15.95%) water.
Demographics
At the 2010 census Spring Valley Lake had a population of 8,220. The population density was . The racial makeup of Spring Valley Lake was 6,450 (78.5%) White (68.1% Non-Hispanic White), 403 (4.9%) African American, 55 (0.7%) Native American, 381 (4.6%) Asian, 23 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 481 (5.9%) from other races, and 427 (5.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1,528 persons (18.6%).
The whole population lived in households, no one lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.
There were 3,072 households, 1,054 (34.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 1,808 (58.9%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 347 (11.3%) had a female householder with no husband present, 159 (5.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 149 (4.9%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 22 (0.7%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 596 households (19.4%) were one person and 294 (9.6%) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.68. There were 2,314 families (75.3% of households); the average family size was 3.06.
The age distribution was 1,932 people (23.5%) under the age of 18, 712 people (8.7%) aged 18 to 24, 1,842 people (22.4%) aged 25 to 44, 2,375 people (28.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 1,359 people (16.5%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 41.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.2 males.
There were 3,478 housing units at an average density of 984.6 per square mile, of the occupied units 2,273 (74.0%) were owner-occupied and 799 (26.0%) were rented. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.2%; the rental vacancy rate was 7.7%. 5,694 people (69.3% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 2,526 people (30.7%) lived in rental housing units.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Spring Valley Lake had a median household income of $58,317, with 9.5% of the population living below the federal poverty line.
References
Census-designated places in San Bernardino County, California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Mojave River
Victor Valley
Census-designated places in California
Hà Bắc was a former province of Vietnam from 1962 to 1996, then from 1996 divided into Bắc Giang province and Bắc Ninh province.
Geography
Hà Bắc province is the central region and occupies most of the area of old Kinh Bac region, having geographical position:
North: border with Bac Thai province and Cao Lang province
South: border with Hai Hung province
East: border with Quang Ninh province West: border with Hanoi city.
History
Ha Bac province was established on October 27, 1962, after the merger of Bac Ninh and Bac Giang, on November 6, 1996, separated as before. When merging, Ha Bac province initially consisted of 2 towns: Bac Giang town (provincial capital), Bac Ninh town and 16 districts: Gia Luong, Hiep Hoa, Lang Giang, Luc Nam, Luc Ngan, Que Duong, Son. Cave, Tan Yen, Thuan Thanh, Tien Du, Tu Son, Viet Yen, Vo Giang, Yen Dung, Yen Phong, Yen The.
In 1962, the two districts of Que Duong and Vo Giang were merged into Que Vo district.
On April 14, 1963, the two districts Tien Du and Tu Son merged into Tien Son district.
Area 4,614.95 km2. Population 2,260,893 people (1993).
Ha Bac is a province with a very important geostrategic position on the National Highway 18A and 1A. Ha Bac and Ha Son Binh provinces are known as the gateway to the capital in the two wars against France and the US. Kep airport in Lang Giang district plays an important role on the northern border defense line.
Ha Bac is the central area and occupies most of the area of ancient Kinh Bac region, is the cradle of smooth and loving folk songs.
In early 1996, Ha Bac province had an area of 4,614.6 km2, population of 2,363,254 people, including 2 towns: Bac Giang town (provincial capital), Bac Ninh town and 14 districts: Gia Luong, Hiep Hoa, Lang Giang, Luc Nam, Luc Ngan, Que Vo, Son Dong, Tan Yen, Thuan Thanh, Tien Son, Viet Yen, Yen Dung, Yen Phong, Yen The.
On November 6, 1996, the 10th session of the IXth National Assembly issued a resolution to divide Ha Bac province to re-establish Bac Giang and Bac Ninh: [1]
Bac Giang province includes Bac Giang town and 9 districts: Hiep Hoa, Lang Giang, Luc Nam, Luc Ngan, Son Dong, Tan Yen, Yen Dung, Yen The.
Bac Ninh province includes Bac Ninh town and 5 districts: Gia Luong, Que Vo, Thuan Thanh, Tien Son, Yen Phong.
References
Former provinces of Vietnam
Every Frame a Painting is a series of 28 video essays about film form, film editing, and cinematography created by Taylor Ramos and Tony Zhou between 2014 and 2016. They were first published on YouTube but have also been released on Vimeo.
Format
Each essay explores one particular topic, often a single creator, with many organized around a scene that illustrates the idea. For each essay, Zhou would do principal writing and research, Ramos would organize the thesis and make animations, and they both worked on the final editing process. The editing style, use of film clips, and remixing of audio were developed in response to YouTube's Content ID system, with the goal of meeting the criteria for fair use and to avoid being flagged by the copyright violation algorithm.
Zhou lamented that the format imposed by Content ID prevented them from making videos about creators like Andrei Tarkovsky and Agnès Varda, as they would require longer clips.
History
The first video was published on April 16, 2014, about Bong Joon-ho's Mother and the use of side-on profile shots. The final essay was published on September 12, 2016, about the use of orchestral sound in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. In total, the creators made 28 essays between 2014 and 2016. They published the script of the final, unproduced essay on Medium on December 2, 2017, as both a farewell and explanation for the series' end, as well as a postmortem with advice for future essayists.
Post-Every Frame a Painting
Since then, Ramos and Zhou have produced video essays released as special features for The Criterion Collection and the now-defunct FilmStruck (which would be restored via Criterion's own streaming service, The Criterion Channel). They have also recently contributed and directed video essays in Netflix's documentary series Voir, alongside the critics Sasha Stone, Walter Chaw, and Drew McWeeny. David Fincher and David Prior executive produced the series.
Reception
Kevin B. Lee, a film critic and video essayist, called the series "the standout newcomer to the video essay scene" in 2014. Many critics point to the essay on Jackie Chan and action comedy as among the best.
Brian Raftery of Wired would later credit Every Frame a Painting for kicking off "a dramatic growth spurt" in YouTube-based movie criticism, stating that the channel's "astute, patient, visually assured film essays...help[ed] push the medium past its ranting-rando-with-a-camera phase".
Directors such as Edgar Wright, Seth Rogen, Christopher McQuarrie have given praise to Every Frame a Paintings essays.
See also
Film editor
Supercut
References
External links
Film criticism television series
YouTube channels launched in 2014
Film theory
Essays about film
The copper sunbird (Cinnyris cupreus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is native to tropical Africa, its range extending from Senegal and Guinea in the west to South Sudan and Kenya in the east, and southwards to Angola, Zambia, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
Description
The adult male copper sunbird is about long. The subspecies C. c. cupreus inhabits the western part of its range and weighs about . The male C. c. chalceus, from the eastern half, weighs while the female of both subspecies weighs .
C. c. cupreus: Senegal to east Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Ethiopia, west Kenya and west Tanzania
C. c. chalceus: Angola to southeast Democratic Republic of the Congo, west Zambia, Malawi and Zimbabwe
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. It is a non-migratory bird and is resident across its range. Its habitat is mainly savannas, but also includes degraded forest, woodland, marshes, mangroves, coastal thickets and agricultural land.
Ecology
The copper sunbird feeds on nectar that it sipps from selected flowers. Some of its favourite trees and plants include Calliandra spp., Leonotis leonurus, Syzygium spp., and Senegalia polyacantha. It also takes fruits, spiders and insects, some of which are caught on the wing.
Status
The copper sunbird has a wide range and a large total population. It is a common bird and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
copper sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
copper sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tarek El-Bishry (, ; 1 November 1933 – 26 February 2021) was an Egyptian judge. On 15 February 2011, El-Bishry was appointed by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to head the committee set up to propose constitutional changes in the aftermath of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.
Biography
El-Bishry was born in Cairo, Egypt. His grandfather, Saliem el-Bishry, was shaykh of al-Azhar from 1900–1904 and 1909–1916. His father, 'Abd al-Fattah al-Bishri, was president of the Egyptian Court of Appeal until his death in 1951. His uncle, 'Abd al-'Aziz, was a celebrated writer. He has two sons, 'emad and Zyad.
El-Bishry graduated from the Faculty of Law at Cairo University in 1953. Upon graduation, he was appointed after the Council of State, where he worked until his retirement in 1998. At the time of his retirement, he held the offices of first deputy (Al-na'ib al-awwal) to the Council of State and Chairman of its General Assembly for Legislation and Consultation (Al-jama'iya al-'umumiya lil-fatawa wal-tashri''').
El-Bishry was once a secular leftist, but became a prominent "moderate Islamic" political thinker, which gained him respect as a bridge between the movements.
El-Bishry was named in 2008 by Hamdy Kandeel, a prominent Egyptian television and radio personality, as a suitable candidate for the 2011 Egyptian presidential elections, during an interview led by Amr Adeeb.
He died on 26 February 2021, in Cairo from complications related to COVID-19, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Egypt.
Works
He was a prolific writer on questions of law, history, and Islamic and social thought:
Al-ʻArab fī muwājahat al-ʻudwān (العرب في مواجهة العدوان).
Al-Ḥiwār al-Qawmī-al-Dīnī : awrāq ʻamal wa-munāqashāt al-nadwah al-fikrīyah allatī naẓẓamahā Markaz Dirāsāt al-Waḥdah al-ʻArabīyah (الحوار القومي الديني : اوراق عمل ومناقشات الندوة الفكرية التي نظمها مركز دراسات الوحدة العربية).
Al-Ummah fī ʻām : taqrīr ḥawlī ʻan al-shuʼūn al-siyāsīyah wa-al-iqtiṣādīyah al-Miṣrīyah (الأمة في عام : تقرير حولي عن الشئون السياسية والاقتصادية المصرية).
Al-Islām wa-al-taṭarruf al-dīnī (الإسلام والتطرف الديني).
Miṣr bayna al-ʻiṣyān wa-al-tafakkuk (مصر بين العصيان والتفكك).
Al-Qaḍāʼ al-Miṣrī bayna al-istiqlāl wa-al-iḥtiwāʼ (القضاء المصري بين الاستقلال والاحتواء).
Ḥarakah al-siyāsīyah fī Miṣr, [1945-1952] (حركة السياسية في مصر [1945-1952]).
Al-Malāmiḥ al-ʻāmmah lil-fikr al-siyāsī al-Islāmī fī al-tārīkh al-muʻāṣir (الملامح العامة للفكر السياسي الإسلامي في التاريخ المعاصر).
Al-Waḍʻ al-qānūnī al-muʻāṣir bayna al-sharīʻah al-Islāmīyah wa-al-qānūn al-waḍʻī (الوضع القانونى المعاصر بين الشريعة الإسلامية والقانون الوضعى).
Al-Dīmūqrātīyah wa-al-Nāṣirīyah (الديموقراطية والناصرية).
Dawr al-thaqāfah fī taḥqīq al-wifāq al-ʻArabī (دور الثقافة فى تحقيق الوفاق العربى).
Al-Jamāʻah al-waṭanīyah : al-ʻuzlah wa-al-indimāj (الجماعة الوطنية : العزلة والإندماج).
Manhaj al-naẓar fī al-nuẓum al-siyāsīyah al-muʻāṣirah li-buldān al-ʻālam al-Islāmī (منهج النظر في النظم السياسية المعاصرة لبلدان العالم الإسلامي).
Shakhṣīyāt wa-qaḍāyā muʻāṣirah (شخصيات وقضايا معاصرة).
Mustaqbal al-ḥiwār al-islāmī al-ʻalmānī
Mushkilatān wa-qirāʼah fīhimā (مشكلتان وقراءة فيهما).
Saʻd Zaghlūl yufāwiḍu al-istiʻmār : dirāsah fī al-mufāwaḍāt al-Miṣrīyah al-Barīṭānīyah, 1920-1924 (سعد زغلول يفاوض الاستعمار : دراسة في المفاوضات المصرية البريطانية، 1920-1924).
Bayna al-Islām wa-al-ʻUrūbah (بين الإسلام والعروبة).
Al-Dīmūqrāṭīyah wa-niẓām 23 Yūliyū 1952-1970 (الديمقراطية ونظام ٢٣ يوليو، ١٩٥٢-١٩٧٠).
Dirāsāt fī al-dīmuqrāṭīyah al-Miṣrīyah (دراسات في الديمقراطية المصرية).
Al-Ḥarakah al-siyāsīyah fī Miṣr, 1945-1952 (الحركة السياسية في مصر، ١٩٤٥-١٩٥٢).
Al-Muslimūn wa-al-Aqbāt fī iṭār al-jamāʻah al-waṭanīyah (المسلمون والأقباط في إطار الجماعة الوطنية).
Bayna al-jāmiʻah al-dīnīyah wa-al-jāmiʻah al-waṭanīyah fī al-fikr al-siyāsī.
Fi al-mas'alah al-Islamiyah al-mu'asirah bayna al-Islam wa al-'Urubah.
Māhiyāt al-muʻāṣarah.
Shakhṣīyāt tārīkhīyah.
Buḥūth muʼtamar miʼawīyat al-Imām al-Bannā : al-mashrūʻ al-iṣlāḥī lil-Imām Ḥasan al-Bannā : tasāʼulāt li-qarn jadīd (بحوث مؤتمر مئوية الامام البنا : المشروع الاصلاحي للامام حسن البنا : تساؤلات لقرن جديد).
Ummatī fī al-ʻālam : ḥawlīyat qaḍāyā al-ʻālam al-Islāmī, 1419-1420 H/1999 M (أمتي في العالم : حولية قضايا العالم الإسلامي ١٤١٩-١٤٢٠ ه /١٩٩٩م).
References
External links
Faith in protest, The Alliance of Egyptian Americans, 2006 interview
Profile, Ellis Goldberg, nisralnasr blog, 15 February 2011
Understanding Egypt's revolution, Tarik al-Bishri, Al Jazeera English, 18 March 2011, "The chair of the committee tasked with rewriting the Egyptian constitution reflects on the birth of a new regime."
Egypt's new legitimacy, Tarek El-Bishry, The Guardian'', 21 March 2011, "Egypt's referendum results have set us on the path to rebuild our country on new democratic grounds"
1933 births
2021 deaths
Judges from Cairo
People of the Egyptian revolution of 2011
Cairo University alumni
Egyptian non-fiction writers
Male non-fiction writers
20th-century Egyptian writers
20th-century male writers
20th-century non-fiction writers
21st-century Egyptian writers
21st-century male writers
21st-century non-fiction writers
Egyptian male writers
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Egypt
Lyudmyla Kichenok and Jeļena Ostapenko won the women's doubles title at the 2022 Birmingham Classic, after Elise Mertens and Zhang Shuai withdrew from the final due to an injury sustained by Zhang during the singles final.
Marie Bouzková and Lucie Hradecká were the defending champions; since Bouzková did not return to compete, Hradecká partnered alongside Sania Mirza – they lost in the semifinals to Kichenok and Ostapenko.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Main Draw
WTA website
Birmingham Classicandnbsp;- Doubles
Doubles
2022 in English tennis
In October 2008, Ashley Todd, a volunteer for the U.S. presidential campaign of Republican John McCain, claimed to have been the victim of robbery and politically motivated physical assault by a supporter of McCain's Democratic opponent Barack Obama. The story broke less than two weeks before the 2008 United States presidential election on November 4. Todd later confessed to inventing the story after surveillance photos and a polygraph test were presented. She was charged with filing a false police report, and entered a probation program for first-time offenders.
Initial claim and political commentary
Todd had worked as a field representative for the College Republican National Committee since August 2008 and had come to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in mid-October to recruit college students. On October 22, 2008, Todd claimed that she was robbed at knifepoint by a "six-foot-four African American of medium build, dressed in dark clothes wearing shiny shoes" at a Citizens Bank ATM in the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. She also alleged that after the robber saw a McCain bumper sticker on Todd's car, he assaulted her, cut a reversed letter B into her cheek, and told her "you are going to be a Barack supporter."
Todd's story received international attention, including prominent coverage on Drudge Report and Fox News. John Moody, executive vice president at Fox News, commented in a blog on the network's website that "this incident could become a watershed event in the 11 days before the election," but also warned that "[i]f the incident turns out to be a hoax, Senator McCain's quest for the presidency is over, forever linked to race-baiting."
Hoax exposure
On October 24, Todd confessed to inventing the story after police reviewed surveillance camera photos and administered a polygraph test. She now said that she had seen the backwards "B" on her face while driving, and although she did not remember how she got it, assumed that she herself had done it because she had had previous episodes of memory loss. According to police, Todd provided no explanation of why she had told them the story about the mugging instead.
Todd was charged with filing a false police report, a misdemeanor charge with a maximum jail sentence of two years. While jailed, Todd underwent a court-ordered psychiatric examination and was deemed to be competent to stand trial, but in need of further counseling. On October 30, she agreed to a deal in which she was released from jail, but was required to undergo psychiatric counseling as a condition of her release. Upon her formal arraignment in January, Todd would enter a probation program for first-time offenders, after which her record would be expunged if there had been no further offenses. Continued mental health counseling would also be a condition of the probation period. The deal did not require Todd to enter a plea.
Prior claim by Todd
According to an October 25, 2008 article in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, in February 2008, Todd had claimed that her car's tires had been slashed and campaign material had been stolen from her car because of her support for Republican politician Ron Paul, an opponent of McCain for the Republican presidential nomination. Group leader Dustan Costine told the Post-Gazette that Todd was asked to leave the local Ron Paul grassroots group a month later, after she posed as a Mike Huckabee supporter and called the local Republican committee seeking information about its campaign strategies.
See also
Racial hoax
References
2008 hoaxes
2008 in Pennsylvania
American fraudsters
Hoaxes in the United States
John McCain 2008 presidential campaign
October 2008 events in the United States
People associated with the 2008 United States presidential election
Political controversies in the United States
Political forgery
Politics and race in the United States
Race-related controversies in the United States
Racial hoaxes
Max Straubinger (born 12 August 1954) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 1994.
Political career
Straubinger first became member of the bundestag after the 1994 German federal election. He is a member of the Committee for Labour and Social Affairs and the Committee for Food and Agriculture.
In 2014, Straubinger co-chaired the CSU's convention in Munich.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1954 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag 1998–2002
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
People from Dingolfing-Landau
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Ernst Anton Nicolai (7 September 1722 – 28 August 1802) was a German physician and chemist.
In 1745, Nicolai earned his medical doctorate from the University of Halle, where he was a disciple of Johann Heinrich Schulze and Friedrich Hoffmann. Soon afterwards, he obtained his habilitation in medicine, becoming an associate professor in 1748. At Halle, he gave lectures on theoretical subjects in the fields of pathology, physiology and pharmacology, later giving clinical lectures on diseases of the eye and childhood maladies.
In 1758, Nicolai was appointed professor of theoretical medicine at the University of Jena. During the following year, he became a professor of chemistry and clinical medicine at Jena, a position he held until his death in 1802. As a physician, he was a proponent of humoral pathology and the doctrine of vitalism. He was a follower of Leibniz' concept of monadism, reportedly seeking solutions to medical problems based on the philosophic viewpoints of Gottfried Leibniz.
Published works
He was the author of many works, being published in Latin and German. The following are his principal works that were written in the German language:
Die Verbindung der Musik mit der Artzneygelahrheit, 1745 – The connection of music with medical knowledge.
Abhandlung Von Der Schönheit Des Menschlichen Körpers, 1746 – Treatise on the beauty of the human body.
Versuch eines Lehrgebäudes von den Fiebern überhaupt, 1752.
Pathologie oder Wissenschaft von Krankheiten, (several volumes, 1769–) – Pathology; the science of illness.
Recepte und Kurarten nebst theoretisch-practischen Anmerkungen, 1789 – Prescriptions and remedies with theoretical-practical comments.
Die trefflichsten Recepte und vorzüglichsten Kurarten der besten Aerzte aller Zeiten: mit theoretisch-praktischen Anmerkungen . Mayregg, Prag nach der 2. Aufl. in einen kernigten Auszug gebracht [1820] Digital edition by the University and State Library Düsseldorf
References
1722 births
1802 deaths
People from Sondershausen
University of Halle alumni
18th-century German physicians
18th-century German chemists
University of Halle faculty
University of Jena faculty
The 19th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 24, 1946, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company. There had been no National Spelling Bee since 1942 due to World War II.
There were 29 contestants, ranging in age from 11 to 14. The winner was 13-year-old John McKinney of Woodbine, Iowa, correctly spelling flaccid, followed by semaphore. Mary McCarthy of New York placed second, missing flaccid, followed by Leslie Dean, 12, of New Jersey in third. 10-year-old Jay Noble of Staten Island, New York placed fourth.
The first place prize was a $500 bond (plus $150 in cash).
References
External
Film footage of 1946 bee (2:08), British Pathé footage (shows final three contestants spelling)
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1946 in education
1946 in Washington, D.C.
May 1946 events in the United States
Svoge (, ) is a town in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province. It is located in the gorge of the Iskar River, at the place where the mountains Mala planina, Golema planina and Ponor meet, 40 km north of the capital Sofia. Svoge is the main town of the Svoge Municipality which is one of the largest municipalities in Bulgaria and includes also 37 villages & the town of Svoge itself. By Decree No. 546 of the Presidium of the National Assembly in 7 September 1964 Svoge was declared as a city.
Etymology
Svoge's name comes from the Bulgarian word svod (свод), meaning "vault, arch", due to the town's location as a vault where the rivers Iskar and Iskretska meet. In the local vernacular, svod got transformed to svoge.
Honour
Svoge Knoll on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Svoge.
References
Towns in Bulgaria
Populated places in Sofia Province
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1681.
Events
Nahum Tate's play The History of King Lear, adapted from Shakespeare's King Lear with a happy ending is first published and first performed at the Duke's Theatre, London, with Thomas Betterton as Lear and Elizabeth Barry as Cordelia. It is so well received that it supplants Shakespeare's original in every performance given until 1838.
The Impartial Protestant Mercury is launched in London, one of several periodicals of the century with similar names.
New books
Prose
Thomas Burnet – Telluris Theoria Sacra, or Sacred Theory of the Earth (Part 1 in Latin, Part 2 in 1689; in English 1684 and 1690)
Chikkupadhyaya – Kamalachala Mahatmya
Robert Knox – An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon
Anne Lefèvre – Anacreon and Sappho (translation)
Hiob Ludolf – Historia Aethiopica
William Penn – True Spiritual Liberty
John Pordage – Treatise of Eternal Nature with Her Seven Essential Forms
Drama
Aphra Behn
The False Count
The Roundheads
John Crowne – Thyestes
Thomas d'Urfey – Sir Barnaby Whigg
Edward Ravenscroft – The London Cuckolds
Thomas Shadwell – The Lancashire Witches (adapted from Brome and Heywood's The Late Lancashire Witches)
Nahum Tate – adaptations from Shakespeare
The History of King Lear (from King Lear)
The Ingratitude of a Common-Wealth (from Coriolanus)
The Sicilian Usurper (from Richard II)
Agustín Moreto – Parte III de comedias
Antonio de Solís y Rivadeneyra – El amor al uso
Poetry
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Poems on Most of the Festivals of the Church
John Dryden – Absalom and Achitophel (part 1)
Andrew Marvell – Miscellaneous Poems (posthumous)
Births
March 18 – Esther Johnson, the "Stella" of Jonathan Swift (died 1728)
July 12 – Abigail Williams, central character in Arthur Miller's 1953 play, The Crucible (died 1690s)
November 17 – Pierre François le Courayer, Roman Catholic theologian (died 1776)
Deaths
January 16 – Olivier Patru, French legal historian and translator (born 1604)
January 28 – Richard Allestree, English scholar and cleric (born 1621 or 1622)
May 25 – Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Spanish dramatist and poet (born 1600)
July 8 – Georg Neumark, German poet and hymn-writer (born 1621)
September 17 – John Lacy, English playwright (born c. 1615)
September 27 – Jacob Masen, German Jesuit writer (born 1606)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The Blithfield meteorite was found by Joseph Legree in Blithfield Township, Renfrew County, Ontario and measured about x x . The main mass is now in the Canadian National collection, Ottawa. Blithfield is an enstatite chondrite, a group of very unusual meteorites that were formed in a very reducing atmosphere. It is a breccia, one of only five known enstatite chondrite breccias.
See also
Glossary of meteoritics
Meteorite find
References
Meteorites found in Canada
1910 in Ontario
Simargl Air provides charter passenger VIP, sightseeing and crop-spraying flights in the Caucasus region of Russia.
Destinations
Sightseeing flights
Flying around on a circular route in Nalchik
Circled area of the Blue Lakes
Circled area Tyrnyauz
Circled area Adiyuh Palace (n.p. Habez, KCR) on a circular route
Circled area Dombai
Circled area Arkhyz
Shuttle flights (Excursions)
Nalchik, Nalchik Chegem waterfalls, without landing
Nalchik, Nalchik, Blue Lakes, without boarding
Nalchik, Nalchik Bezengi gorge, without landing
Nalchik-area Tyrnyauz (rest), Nalchik
Tyrnyauz-V. Baksana-Tyrnyauz, without landing
Nalchik, Nalchik V.Baksan, without landing
Nalchik-Khabazi (CBD), Nalchik, without landing
Nalchik-Khabez (KCR), Nalchik, landing in Khabez
Khabez-Dombai (rest 2–3 hours) Khabez
Khabez-Arkhyz (rest 2–3 hours) Khabez
Khabez-mineral water-Khabez
Khabez-Stavropol-Khabez
Khabez-Nevynomysk-Khabez
Khabez-Armavir-Khabez
Nchk-Teberda/Dombay-Nalchik
Fleet
External links
Homepage - https://archive.today/20130417182358/http://www.simargl-air.ru/en
References
Airlines of Russia
Companies based in Stavropol Krai
Choam Khsant District is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia. The district capital is at Cheom Ksan town, near the Thai border. Cambodia's famous Preah Vihear Temple is located in this district of the Preah Vihear province. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 16,073.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Banteay Ampil district by commune.
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
Woman's Athletic Club is a historic building located along the Magnificent Mile in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois. Founded in 1898, it is the home of the first athletic club for women in the United States. It was named a Chicago Landmark on October 2, 1991.
Notes
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures completed in 1928
Chicago Landmarks
Women's clubs in the United States
History of women in Illinois
The Granton Garden is an organic wildlife garden in the Granton area of Edinburgh, at the home of the musician and gardener Fraser Drummond. There are over 200 species in one small walled garden. Drummond has recorded 29 bird species in the garden as well as fox, hedgehog, squirrel and a colony of frogs.
It has appeared in the BBC television programme The Beechgrove Garden and in The Scotsman. and has regularly been open to the public as part of Scotland's Garden Scheme.
Areas
The garden is 90 feet by 40 feet and divided into three areas: woodland, rockery and evergreen. The woodland area includes six varieties of Fritillaria, twelve varieties of Primula and Erythronium 'Pagoda'. The rockery has ponds, a greenhouse and numerous unusual species, e.g. Vestia, Actinidia kolomikta and Ribes speciosum. The evergreen area has Polyanthus and lily flowered tulips.
Views of the garden
References
External links
Gardens in Edinburgh
Environment of Edinburgh
Loram may refer to:
Mark Loram, a speedway racer
Lorazepam, a drug
Loram Maintenance of Way, a railroad track maintenance company
Hassan Diab (; born 1 June 1959) is a Lebanese academic, engineer and politician who served as the 37th prime minister of Lebanon from 21 January 2020 to 10 September 2021. He was appointed by President Michel Aoun in 2019 to succeed Saad Hariri as prime minister. He submitted his resignation on 10 August 2020 in wake of the explosion in Beirut and served as caretaker prime minister until Najib Mikati formed a new government on 10 September 2021. Prior to his premiership, he served as the minister of education from June 2011 to February 2014 under President Michel Suleiman.
Early life and education
Diab was born in Beirut on 1 June 1959. He has a bachelor of science degree in communications engineering, which he received from Leeds Metropolitan University in 1981. Then he obtained a master's degree in systems engineering from the University of Surrey in 1982, and a PhD in computer engineering from the University of Bath in 1985.
Academic career
Diab was a career academic, joining the American University of Beirut (AUB) as an electrical engineering professor in 1985. He has published over 150 articles and papers in scientific journals and scientific conferences. He called himself an advocate for educational reform in Lebanon and authored books on the topic. He also served as vice president for regional external programs at the AUB from October 2006 to June 2011.
On 13 June 2011, Diab was appointed minister of education and higher education as part of Najib Mikati's cabinet, replacing Hasan Mneimneh in the post. Diab's term ended on 15 February 2014, and Elias Abu Saab succeeded him in the post.
Premiership
Diab was designated as the next prime minister succeeding Saad Hariri on 19 December 2019, amidst the protests that had caused Hariri's resignation. Diab's candidacy won the support of 69 members out of 128 of the Lebanese parliament, and his support came from parties that co-form the March 8 Alliance, namely the Hezbollah-allied parliamentary blocs, but did not receive the backing of parties from his own Sunni community.
Diab is an independent, not vocally supporting any political group, and had a low public profile at the time of his appointment.
Lebanon's new government was formed on 21 January 2020 after Diab and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri met with President Michel Aoun. Diab then announced the new twenty-member cabinet made up of technocrats reporting that they would work on new election law, seeking an independent judiciary and the return of looted public funds. During the first session of the new cabinet, Diab announced that his first official visits would be to countries "in the Arab region, especially the Gulf". He said nothing about abiding by the reforms promised by Hariri and chose to maintain the ministry of information, which Hariri had promised to abolish. On 3 February, Diab signed the state budget for 2020, reducing spending by $700 million and on 6 February the cabinet approved a financial rescue plan to present to the parliament.
On 7 March 2020, Diab announced Lebanon would default on a sovereign debt for the first time in its history.
On 10 August 2020, Diab resigned in the aftermath of the Beirut explosion due to mounting political pressure and anger at the Lebanese government for their failure to prevent the disaster, exacerbated by existing political tensions and upheavals within the country. He requested President Aoun to call for early parliamentary elections.
Personal life
Diab is married to Nuwar Mawlawi and has three children. He is a Sunni Muslim.
Selected publications
References
External links
Prime Ministers of Lebanon
1959 births
Alumni of Leeds Beckett University
Alumni of the University of Bath
Alumni of the University of Surrey
American University of Beirut faculty
Independent politicians in Lebanon
Education ministers of Lebanon
Lebanese engineers
Lebanese Sunni Muslims
Living people
People expelled from public office
People named in the Pandora Papers
Politicians from Beirut
Pandan Jaya LRT station is a Malaysian low-rise rapid transit station situated near and named after Pandan Jaya, in Ampang Jaya, Selangor. The station is part of the Ampang Line (formerly known as STAR, and the Ampang and Sri Petaling Lines). The station was opened on December 16, 1996, as part of the first phase of the STAR system's opening, alongside 13 adjoining stations along the Sultan Ismail-Ampang route.
The station shares a similar name with the neighbouring Pandan Indah station 1 kilometre northeast, leading to some confusion among passengers.
Location
The Pandan Jaya station is situated in and named after the Ampang Jaya locality of Pandan Jaya, and is within walking distance of the village of Kampung Kerayong to the west and the localities of Taman Shamelin Perkasa (Malay; English: Shamelin Perkasa Estate), Taman Maju Jaya (Maju Jaya Estate) and Taman Cheras Indah (Cheras Indah Estate) to the south. The station is also situated beside Kerayong River, which borders Pandan Jaya and other aforementioned areas. The station is accessible from Pandan Jaya via a complex of flats to the north, and a footbridge across Kerayong River to Jalan Pandan Indah (Pandan Indah Road) to the south.
The Pandan Jaya station was constructed along two leveled tracks, reusing the now defunct Federated Malay States Railway and Malayan Railway route between Kuala Lumpur, Ampang town and Salak South.
Design
Overall, the Pandan Jaya station was built as a low-rise station along two tracks for trains traveling in opposite direction. The station is nearly subsurface and features two side platforms, the station designates separate ticketing areas for each of the station's two platforms at their level, and because there are no pedestrian bridges to link the two platform access to trains traveling the opposite direction is not possible without leaving the pay-area. The station also serves as a public crossing across the Ampang Line tracks between localities at both sides of Kerayong River via a walkway running underneath the tracks and platforms.
The principal styling of the station is similar to most other stations in the line, featuring curved roofs supported by latticed frames, and white plastered walls and pillars. Because stairways are only used to link street level with the station's ticket areas and platforms, the station is not accommodating to disabled users.
See also
List of rail transit stations in Klang Valley
External links
Pandan Jaya LRT Station - mrt.com.my
Ampang Line
Railway stations opened in 1996
1996 establishments in Malaysia
Eleni Gebrehiwot (born 3 August 1984 in Asmara, Ethiopia) is a German long-distance runner.
She became German citizen in 2014.
On 8 September 2014 she won the 12 edition of the Münster Marathon in record time of 2:29:12 h. It was also the fulfilment of the qualification time for the 2014 European Athletics Championships in Zurich. Unfortunately she did not participate in this race because of problems with her right Achilles tendon.
Personal bests
Outdoor
5000 m - 15:47.48 min, 16 June 2012, Wattenscheid
10.000 m - 32:26.92 min, 4 May 2013, Bremen
10 km (road) - 32:12 min, 30 March 2013, Paderborn
Half marathon - 1:12:24 h, 2 October 2011, Cologne
Marathon - 2:29:12 h, 8 September 2013, Münster
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
German female long-distance runners
German female marathon runners
Sportspeople from Asmara
21st-century German women
20th-century German women
Soumitra may refer to:
Soumitra Chatterjee (born 1935), Bengali film actor, famous for working in Satyajit Ray's films
Soumitra Dutta, author, academic, and businessman
Soumitra Mohan (born 1938), Hindi poet
Soumitra Sen (born 1958), retired judge of the Calcutta High Court
Indian masculine given names
Mihăești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Drăghici, Furnicoși, Mihăești, Rudeni, Valea Bradului, Valea Popii and Văcarea.
The Râul Târgului crosses the commune from north to south.
References
External links
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Enrique Lynch del Solar (*1863 in Quillota, Chile +1936 in Santiago de Chile) was a painter of portraits, and ocean landscapes, a pioneer of the Chilean Modernist art movement. He studied painting in Paris, France at the École des Beaux-Arts with Diogène Maillart. Upon his return to Chile, he became Director of the Chilean National Museum of Fine Arts "Museo de Bellas Artes en Parque Forestal".
Early life
Enrique enjoyed a comfortable childhood among his 6 siblings, they belonged to the Chilean upper class of Santiago; his father Luis Alfredo Lynch Solo de Zaldívar was a military attache and career diplomat, and his mother Julia del Solar Cañas was an elegant lady from a prosperous Chilean family.
In his personal life, Enrique had 2 marriage engagements: first with the young Argentine art student Romualda Barrios the daughter of a winemaker from La Rioja, they had one son Nicolás, their union did not last long and ended once Enrique moved to study in France; upon graduation he returned to Chile and married Ana Waltemath the daughter of a wealthy German-Chilean family, they had a son named Luis Patricio.
He issued 2 sons: his older son Nicolás Barrios-Lynch became a renowned educator in Argentina and a pioneer of the rural libraries movement across South America, while his younger son Luis Patricio Lynch Waltemath became a successful businessman in Chile.
Artist Evolution
Following his father Luis Alfredo Lynch Solo de Zaldívar, during his diplomatic posting to France, Enrique took his first year of art training at the French artist Diogène Maillart studio in Paris. In 1884 he returned to Chile, and obtained his bachelor's of Fines Arts at the University of Chile with Cosme San Martín.
In 1886, he obtained a grant from the Chilean Ministry of Education and returned to France to study at the Academy of Arts of Henri Gervex-Humbert, Académie de La Palette and at the "École des Beaux-Arts" in Paris.
In 1890, he exhibited in the Paris Salon
In 1891, he returned to Chile, becoming Director of the Palace of Fine Arts from 1897 to 1918.
From his director position, he undertook an arduous work in defence of the arts education and Modernist movement, next to the art professor Virginio Arias and painter Alberto Mackenna.
In 1910, he was responsible for the inauguration and of the Palace of Fine Arts by the Forest Park. On the occasion, he curated the art collection of the Palace of Fine Arts, and organized the "International Fine Arts Exhibition in Santiago", together with the Chilean Council of Fine Arts.
References
Chilean painters
19th-century Chilean painters
19th-century Chilean male artists
Chilean male artists
20th-century Chilean painters
1863 births
1936 deaths
Chilean male painters
Male painters
20th-century Chilean male artists
Den Dungen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Sint-Michielsgestel next to the village Maaskantje.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1300 as "Super Donghen prope Buscum", and means "sandy hills in swampy land". Den Dungen developed in the Middle Ages on three hills near the Aa River. During the 17th century, a ring dike was built to protect against floods.
The Catholic St.-Jacobus de Meerdere Church was completed in 1533. In 1899, a new tower was constructed with a needle spire. In 1927, the church was expanded.
Den Dungen was home to 1,399 people in 1840. Around 1900, Den Dungen and Maaskantje started to merge into a single urban area. It was a separate municipality until 1996, when it was merged with Sint-Michielsgestel.
Den Dungen is a twin town of Portishead, Somerset in England.
Gallery
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1996
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Sint-Michielsgestel
DJ Code Money was the deejay for noted 1980s rap artist Schoolly D of Philadelphia.
Their first single, "P.S.K. (What Does That Mean?)", is sometimes viewed as the first gangsta rap record. The track includes hypnotic beats, rough scratching, and Schoolly's unflinching tales of the Park Side Killers: "I said 'You sucka-ass nigga, I should shoot you dead.'" Other singles released by the pair include "Gucci Time" (sampled by the Beastie Boys on "Time to Get Ill"), "Put Your Filas On", and "Saturday Night".
References
Code Money, DJ
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lake Amon G. Carter is situated 6 miles south of Bowie in Montague county and is situated on Big Sandy Creek. Lake Amon G. Carter is technically two lakes in one. The original lake was built in 1956 and has a different type of habitat than the 500-acre extension constructed in 1985. In the thirty-year gap between the original lake and the expansion there became a habitat in the original lake that does not exist in the new expansion. The lake has a surface area of 1,848 acres and a maximum depth of 50 feet. The conservation pool elevation is 920 feet above sea level.
The lake is about 30 minutes northwest of Fort Worth, Texas. The lake is smaller than some surrounding lakes in the area and around the Dallas Fort Worth metroplex. The size of this lake was expanded to help control the amount of flood water that would go down stream to several flood plains.
History
The dam first started construction in 1955 and was named the Amon G. Carter lake because of the Fort Worth, philanthropist and businessman by the same name. This initial dam and lake were made to control the flow of water and stop flood output along the Big Sandy Creek. The dam was completed in August of 1956. Only about 30 years later was there another impoundment to expand the lake. The lakes are connected by a twenty-foot tunnel. Lake Amon G. Carter is also used for some mining that are in the area.
Wildlife
Lake Amon G. Carter holds several species of fish including Largemouth Bass, Catfish, Crappie, White Bass and Sunfish. The older section of the lake has rocky shorelines and cattail beds while the new lake has much standing timber and many weed beds along the shoreline. Lake Amon G. Carter is a popular site for bass fishing in the spring and fall. There is species of water willow, brushy pondweed and coontail that populate the lake.
The lake is stocked with fish species as "fingerlings" every year to maintain the amount of wildlife that are in the lake.
Recreation
Lake Amon G. Carter is a lake that has several recreational uses such as, boating, fishing, skiing, and camping. The fishing in this lake is better than most Texas lakes as the lake is less turbid than most north Texas lakes.
References
Lakes of Texas
Bodies of water of Montague County, Texas
Artificial lakes of the United States
1956 establishments in Texas
Arrias Battery (), also known as Xemxija Battery () or Pwales Left Battery (), is an artillery battery in Xemxija, limits of St. Paul's Bay, Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands. The battery still exists, although it has modern alterations, and it is used as a restaurant.
History
Arrias Battery was built in 1715–1716 as part of the Order of Saint John's first building program of batteries and redoubts around the coasts of Malta. It was one of two batteries defending Xemxija Bay, the other one being the now-demolished Dellia Battery.
The battery originally consisted of a mostly rectangular platform with a rounded end at the north. It had a low parapet with one embrasure, and the gorge was closed off by a rectangular blockhouse. The redoubt was named after the knight Emmanuele Arrias, and an inscription commemorating him is located above the main entrance.
The battery eventually became a summer residence of the Borg Cardona family. They called it ix-Xemxija and later, the area around it began to be referred to by that name.
Present day
The battery still exists, but several alterations have been made to the structure, mostly during the course of the 20th century. These include a second-floor added to the blockhouse and a flight of steps leading to an entrance facing the sea.
The battery is now used as a restaurant, known as The Fortress Wine & Dine. It is a Grade 1 national monument, and it is also listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands.
References
Notes
External links
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Batteries in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Restaurants in Malta
St. Paul's Bay
Limestone buildings in Malta
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Buildings and structures in St. Paul's Bay
Gustaf Woldemar Wrede af Elimä (28 July 1889 – 17 February 1958) was a Finnish Freiherr, engineer and businessman. He is best known for his contribution to Finnish tractor production.
Wrede was born to influential Finnish industrialist Wrede family; his father Freiherr Carolus Wrede worked as manager in number of Finnish engineering companies. Due to his background, Wrede got a good education and subsequently a good position in his father's company, in which he designed Kullervo tractor.
As manager of Ab Dalsbruk Wrede grew a hardy manager who saved the company from closure and developed the production. During World War II Wrede led the nickel mining company Petsamon Nikkeli Oy. After the war he led the metal industry production for war reparations to the Soviet Union. As manager of Valmet, Wrede participated in developing of Valmet tractors.
Early years and studies
Wrede's parents were Freiherr, manager Carolus Wrede and Siri née Söderhjelm. His nickname within the family was Dutta. The affluent Wrede family had been involved in industrial development for generations already. Carolus Wrede was the main owner of engineering companies Åbo Jernmanufaktur and Åbo Waggonfabrik. It was rather natural, that also Gustaf Wrede became oriented to engineering. He studied eight grades in Swedish-speaking Nya svenska läroverket in Helsinki. In 1907 he started studies in Technische Universität Darmstadt in Germany where he graduated in 1911 as Mechanical Engineer.
Wrede's sister Siri married Wilhelm Wahlforss, who later became an influential businessman. Wrede and Wahlforss worked both as colleagues and later leading large competing engineering companies.
Kullervo
Carolus Wrede's companies produced agricultural machinery and he became interested in tractors, as he saw a big market potential in Russian Plains where fields reached as far as eye can see. Right after his studies Gustaf Wrede to the United States to learn more about vehicle production. He worked for a number of automotive companies in 1911–1912. During 1912–1914 he worked as Chief Engineer for Jackson Automobile Company in Michigan, where he focused on learning tractor technology. In 1914 Wrede returned to Finland and became Chief Engineer of Åbo Jernmanufaktur, where he started to develop a tractor. The First World War, which started shortly after, slowed down the development work; the factory was completely stopped during Civil War in 1918. The new tractor was finally introduced in the following autumn. In the meantime, Finland had become an independent state and the prominent Russian market was closed. However, the market of Baltic states looked promising. Serial production of Wrede's tractor named Kullervo started in 1919. Kullervo was produced in two variants of different engine outputs. The stronger, 30-hp version was originally intended for the Russian export. The smaller, 15-hp model was designed for domestic market. While the construction was modern, Kullervo was not sales success; despite government subsidies, American Fordson ruled the Finnish market. Production ceased in 1924, until when just 300 units were sold.
In 1920–1922 Wrede worked as general manager in another agricultural machinery producer Tykö bruks Ab.
Dalsbruk
Wrede was recruited to lead Ab Dalsbruk in 1922; Dalsbruk produced basic ironware products, such as bar iron, chain and nails. Finland was in economical upswing and Wrede started an investment programme. Despite intense price competition, the company's order book was in a good level. In January 1924 Dalsbruk became part of German Wuppermann company, which secured its financial status giving security to investments; the most important ones were a new foundry and modern rolling mill. The Wuppermann family had high expectations for potential of the Dalsbruk factory and invested on it total 23.5 million Finnish marks. The youngest son of the owning family Gerhard Wuppermann was appointed Deputy Director.
Already in 1926 the company started to have problems; it was hit by recession and a strike that took for over two months from June until August. Problems continued in the following year, when Dalsbruk was in strike and lockout for total seven months. When this was over, the economic cycle had turned worse. Dalsbruk operated then just four days per week and the number of shifts was cut down. Wuppermann family had to fund the operations by bills of exchange. The company still owned large areas of land which was eventually sold; this reduced the need for money borrowed. In 1929 the company debt reached 5.5 million marks and in addition Wuppermann family had taken debt for Dalsbruk for 10.5 million. The Wuppermanns decided to run down operations in Dalsbruk in a hygienic manner. In September 1930 the family gave Dalsbruk shares to Wrede, whose task was now to make the tough decisions. Salaries were cut, chain and nail production was sold and headcount was reduced. As the Finnish government changed its tariff policy more favourable, Wrede managed to press the losses down in 1930–1931. Abandoning of gold standard in autumn 1931 and the subsequent devaluation improved Dalsbruk's competitiveness. On the other hand, following collapse of international raw material bar cartel, competition had become more intense and prices dropped.
In 1932 Dalsbruk got a large order for train wheels and axles from the State Railways, which led to immediate improvement; prices had stabilised, the factory was saved, Wrede had become its owner and paid compensation to Wuppermann family for continuation of operations. Wrede continued investing on the Dalsbruk.
Before Dalsbruk, Wrede had succeeded in his life mainly because of his noble background and wealthy family. The experience he gained as manager had a major impact on the rest of his life and toughened him to perform in his later duties. In 1939 he sold his Dalsbruk shares to Wärtsilä Group, a company led by his brother-in-law, Wilhelm Wahlforss.
During 1924–1934 Wrede led Suomen Pultti ja Konetehdas Oy and in 1935–1946 he worked as manager of Suomen Lasitehdas.
When the Winter War broke out in 1939, Wrede was appointed the acting manager of Wärtsilä Group in the meantime when Wahlforss travelled abroad to negotiate about war material purchasing.
Petsamon Nikkeli
Wrede got an offer for manager position in Petsamon Nikkeli Oy in Petsamo 1940, right after the Winter War. He took the challenging position and sold his Dalsbruk shares. The company management had recently decided to invest on Kolosjoki mine and Wrede led the construction project determinedly. The mine was in focal point in global politics: Petsamon Nikkeli belonged to British Mond Nickel Company which wanted to close the mine when the Finnish-German relations started to improve during the Interim Peace. In response, the Finnish government took the mine under its control. Mining began in 1940 and the nickel was sold to Germany for low price. Continuation War between Finland and Soviet Union began in 1941. Wrede worked under high pressure negotiating about deliveries and other conditions with the German customers. In addition to the company, Wrede led the community grown around the mine. Due to political conditions, Wrede had to leave the mine in September 1944; he placed the company keys on his office desk before he left. Subsequently, Petsamo was ceded to Soviet Union in Moscow Armistice.
Valmet
After the war Wrede was called to lead engineering industry production in Delegation of War Reparation Industry (Soteva), where he worked in 1944–1952. In 1945–1951 he worked as manager of Ares Oy. He was nominated to lead Valmet but the left-wing member of the board resisted the idea. Situation changed in the 1950s after Finland had paid off the war reparations – Valmet fell into crisis, as it had to find new lines of business and start working in free market. The company needed an experienced and determined leader, and Wrede became selected new manager of Valmet in 1954 after nomination by Väinö Tanner. Valmet had been formed by putting together a number of companies, many of them experienced in defence industry. It was the most significant domestic competitor of the other leading Finnish engineering company Wärtsilä Group − managed by Wrede's brother-in-law.
When seeking for a new direction, Valmet had started producing tractors. Wrede had a passion to the subject, originating from his youth, and he participated actively on tractor designing. Finnish agriculture mechanised rapidly in the 1950s and Valmet tractors gained a strong foothold in the domestic market.
Gustaf Wrede died at his home in Königstedt Manor in February 1958 after suffering of cancer.
Political career and organisational activities
During 1937–1940 Wrede was chairman of the Finnish Metal Industry Employers' Association. He was board member in Employers' Central Association in 1932–1933, 1937–1943 and 1955–1956 and chairman in 1941–1942.
In 1935–1940 Wrede was chairman of Dragsfjärd municipal council.
Character
Wrede was regarded as proficient engineer. As a manager Wrede was an old school industrialist who rather built connections than oriented on marketing. There are a number of examples when Wrede rather approached politicians instead of competing in open market.
Personal life
Wrede was married for three times. A 1915 started marriage with Ebba née Tollet ended in divorce in 1919. He got married again in 1920 to Karin Sophie née Andelin in 1920 and the couple divorced in 1946. In 1948 Wrede married Asta née Örtengren; this marriage lasted until Wrede's death.
In 1949 Wrede bought Königstedt Manor for his residence.
Sources
References
20th-century Finnish businesspeople
1889 births
1958 deaths
Valmet
Technische Universität Darmstadt alumni
Kyle Abeysinghe (born 4 February 2000) is a Sri Lankan national swimmer who has represented his country at several international competitions. At the domestic level, Abeysinghe holds numerous national records, has been national champion several times, and is a member of the Killer Whale Aquatic Club, under his coach and father, Manoj Abeysinghe.
Career
His first time representing Sri Lanka was at the FINA Youth Programme in Doha, Qatar in 2014. Since then he has represented Sri Lanka at the 2015 Junior World Swimming Championships held in Singapore, the 2016 South Asian Games held in Guwahati, India, where he won 4 medals; one gold, two silvers, and one bronze. Subsequently, he competed in the 2016 South Asian Aquatic Championships held in Colombo, Sri Lanka and the 2016 World Swimming Championships held in Windsor, Canada. At the 2016 South Asian Aquatic Championships he won 4 gold medals and 1 silver medal in his individual events.
In addition, he helped Sri Lanka secure three gold medals and two silver medals in all five relays, bringing his medal tally to seven gold and three silver, tying his brother Matthew for most medals won. In Windsor, Abeysinghe broke two national records in the 200-meter Individual Medley (IM) and the 200-meter Freestyle. The 200m IM record was previously held by the 2012 London Olympian Heshan Unamboowe and the 200m Freestyle record was held by his elder brother, Olympian, Matthew Abeysinghe. The next year, at the 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games in Nassau, Bahamas, Abeysinghe achieved unprecedented levels of success for Sri Lanka, winning two silver medals in the 50m and 100m Freestyle events. He became one of very few Sri Lankan athletes, and the only swimmer, to ever medal at a Commonwealth Games event. Just a few months later, Abeysinghe competed at the 2017 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships. In early 2018, Abeysinghe competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia. There, he was part of the 4x100 Freestyle Relay, the first Sri Lankan swimming relay team to ever make the final at the Commonwealth Games. Later on that year, during the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta, Indonesia, Abeysinghe swam the second-fastest 100m Freestyle by a Sri Lankan, behind only his elder brother, Matthew. After that, Abeysinghe was set to compete at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Argentina, preparing for another run at medal contention. Due to medical reasons, he was unable to compete and in his stead, teammate Akalanka Pieris attended. In December 2018, Abeysinghe competed at the 2018 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Hangzhou, China.
2014 Fina Youth Programme
Abeysinghe was one of two swimmers chosen to represent Sri Lanka at the Fina Youth Programme in Doha, Qatar.
2015 Junior World Championships
Abeysinghe was chosen to represent Sri Lanka at the Junior World Championships held in Singapore. He swam the 50,100 and 200-meter Freestyle events along with the 200 Individual Medley.
2016 South Asian Games
In December 2015 Abeysinghe was named to the large contingent of swimmers chosen to represent Sri Lanka at the South Asian Games in Guwahati, India in February 2016. Abeysinghe was part of the 4x100m Freestyle relay that made history by winning the event, beating India, after 25 years. He also got two silver medals in the 4x200m freestyle relay and the 4x100m medley relay and a bronze medal in his only individual event, the 400m Freestyle.
2016 South Asian Aquatic Championships
Abeysinghe won 7 Gold medals and 3 silver medals. His highest tally of medals at any international competition.
2016 World Championships
Following his exceptional performance at SAAC he was chosen to represent Sri Lanka at the World Championships held in Windsor, Canada. In Windsor, Abeysinghe broke two national records in the 200m Freestyle and 200m IM, one belonging to his older brother Matthew and the other to Heshan Unamboowe.
2017 Commonwealth Youth Games
In July 2017 Abeysinghe was named to Sri Lanka's 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games team. During the competition Abeysinghe won two silver medals in the men's 100m and the 50m freestyle events, marking Sri Lanka's first ever swimming medal at either the Youth or Senior Commonwealth Games.
2017 Junior World Championships
Following his incredible performance at Youth Commonwealth Games, Abeysinghe was chosen to the Sri Lankan national team for the Junior World Championships in Indianapolis, USA.
2018 Commonwealth Games
In February 2018, Abeysinghe was named to Sri Lanka's 2018 Commonwealth Games team. Although Abeysinghe was injured at the competition he helped make Sri Lankan swimming history in the 4x100m Freestyle relay by qualifying for the first-ever final at a Commonwealth Games. Unfortunately, they were disqualified for an early start in the final by the anchor leg.
2018 Asian Games
Kyle was named to the 2018 Asian Games team in July of the same year after winning 3 events at the Asian Games Trial held at Sugathadasa Stadium. At the Asian Games, his times of 23.36 and 50.14 in the 50m and 100m Freestyle events respectively, were the second-fastest times in Sri Lankan history behind only his elder brother Matthew Abeysinghe.
Personal life
Kyle Abeysinghe lives in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He attended Wycherley International School. He trains under swim coach and father, Manoj Abeysinghe, at the Killer Whale Aquatic Club (KWA), the winningest club in Sri Lanka. His family is well known for their swimming prowess in the sporting community of Sri Lanka. He has four elder brothers, all of whom are swimmers. His eldest brother, Andrew Abeysinghe, is a former national champion, national record holder, and multiple South Asian Games gold medalist. Matthew Abeysinghe, his second eldest brother, is the most decorated athlete in South Asian Games history, having broken the record for most gold medals won at a single SAG, twice. He is also an Olympian, former national champion, national record holder, and South Asian record holder. Dillon Abeysinghe, his third eldest brother, is a former national champion, national record holder, and South Asian Aquatic Championship medalist. Their father, Manoj Abeysinghe, is considered one of the greatest coaches in Sri Lankan swimming, producing numerous international medalists, national record holders, and national champions. Since its inception in 2010 and, under his guidance, Killer Whale Aquatics has won the most national championships, in both SCM and LCM.
Together, he and his three brothers hold a national record in the 4x50 Medley Relay.
References
Living people
2000 births
People from Hazleton, Pennsylvania
Sri Lankan male swimmers
Swimmers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2018 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games gold medalists for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games silver medalists for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games bronze medalists for Sri Lanka
Asian Games competitors for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games medalists in swimming
21st-century Sri Lankan people
Strategic Route 6 - North London Line and Thameside was the designation Network Rail gave to a grouping of railway lines in Greater London and the East of England region that encompassed the London, Tilbury and Southend Line and overground commuter lines within London. The route provided key services to Southend and London suburban areas as well as supporting various freight routes within London.
In 2010, Network Rail restructured its route categorisation. Route 6 was split into Strategic Route E: North London Line, and Strategic Route F: Thameside.
Strategic route sections
The Route was divided into a number of separate Strategic Route Sections (SRS's) that were defined based on route use, infrastructure and historical lines.
Railway planning
As part of its Strategic Business Plan, Network Rail annually published a Route Plan for each route, including Route 6; the 2008 and 2009 Route 6 plans are available online.
Together with Route 7 - Great Eastern and Route 5 - West Anglia, the London, Tilbury and Southend Line section of the route was included in the Greater Anglia Route Utilisation Strategy. The North London Lines section of the route was included in the Cross London Route Utilisation Strategy.
Proposed developments
The Greater Anglia RUS includes a number of proposal for the future development of the route.
In the medium term, 2009–14, this plan includes minor infrastructure works and additional rolling stock to allow all main line peak-service trains to be extended to 12-car formation.
Also included is the proposal for the extension of platforms on the Tilbury loop and Ockendon branch to handle 12 cars, to allow all main line peak-service trains to be extended to 8 or 12-car formation.
In the longer term intentions are to continue the lengthening of peak trains to 12-car formation. Enhancements to the power supply of the route are intended for completion by 2012 to interface with those carried out on Route 5 and Route 7.
References
Network Rail routes
Performance Index Rating (PIR) is a basketball mathematical statistical formula that is used by the Euroleague Basketball Company's first and second tier competitions, the EuroLeague and the EuroCup, as well as various European national domestic and regional leagues. It is a part of the Tendex basketball rating system. It is also variously referred to as Performance Index Ranking, Rating, Ranking, Evaluation, Valuation, and Efficiency. It is similar to, but not exactly the same as, the NBA's Efficiency (EFF) stat.
History
Performance Index Rating was created in 1991, by the Spanish ACB League, which started using it to determine the league's MVP of the Week and regular season MVP awards. In 2004, the ACB League changed the criteria by which it chooses the regular season MVP award, but it continues to use PIR to determine the MVP of each week of the season.
The PIR stat was at one time used to determine the MVPs of separate stages of the EuroLeague season. Like the MVP of the Round, the regular season MVP, and the top 16 MVP. However, this changed when the EuroLeague MVP award became based on a voting process, starting with the 2004–05 season. Performance Index Rating is still used to determine the EuroLeague MVP of the Round and the second-tier EuroCup MVP of the Round awards.
The validity of major European basketball leagues using PIR as a way to rank players and give MVP awards has been criticized, over the fact that it does not take into account, nor use, any weighting system to determine the importance of each individual stat; unlike the Player Efficiency Rating (PER) rating stat, which was created by sports writer John Hollinger, when he worked at ESPN.
Calculation
The stat's formula is:
See also
Tendex
PER
Efficiency
Offensive Rating
Defensive Rating
Economy
Basketball Statistics
Fantasy Basketball
References
External links
Basketball statistics
Basketball terminology
Elwyn Roy King, DSO, DFC (13 May 1894 – 28 November 1941) was a fighter ace in the Australian Flying Corps (AFC) during World War I. He achieved twenty-six victories in aerial combat, making him the fourth highest-scoring Australian pilot of the war, and second only to Harry Cobby in the AFC. A civil pilot and engineer between the wars, he served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) from 1939 until his death.
Born in Bathurst, New South Wales, King initially saw service as a lighthorseman in Egypt in 1916. He transferred to the AFC as a mechanic in January 1917, and was subsequently commissioned as a pilot. Posted to No. 4 Squadron, he saw action on the Western Front flying Sopwith Camels and Snipes. He scored seven of his "kills" in the latter type, more than any other pilot. His exploits earned him the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Distinguished Service Order, and a mention in despatches. Returning to Australia in 1919, King spent some years in civil aviation before co-founding a successful engineering business. He joined the RAAF following the outbreak of World War II and held several training commands, rising to the rank of group captain shortly before his sudden death in November 1941 at the age of forty-seven.
Early life
Roy King was born on 13 May 1894 at The Grove, near Bathurst, New South Wales. He was the son of English-born Elizabeth Mary (Miller) King and Richard King, an Australian labourer. The youth attended public school, and further educated himself in mechanical engineering via correspondence. Having been employed repairing bicycles, automobiles, and farming equipment, he was living in Forbes and working as a motor mechanic when he joined the Australian Imperial Force under the name Roy King on 20 July 1915.
World War I
Early service
On 5 October 1915, King embarked for Egypt aboard HMAT Themistocles, as part of the reinforcements for the 12th Regiment of the 4th Light Horse Brigade. He joined the 12th Light Horse at Heliopolis in February 1916, as the unit was reassembling following its service in the Gallipoli Campaign. The regiment was engaged in the defence of the Suez Canal during May, and subsequently undertook patrols and sorties in the Sinai Desert.
King transferred to the Australian Flying Corps (AFC) on 13 January 1917, and was posted to Britain to join No. 4 Squadron AFC (also referred to as No. 71 (Australian) Squadron, Royal Flying Corps, by the British) as an air mechanic on 18 April. He was assigned to a training squadron for flying instruction in August. On 15 October, he gained his wings and officer's commission. Allocated to No. 4 Squadron in November 1917, King was posted to France for active duty on 21 March 1918. The same day, the Germans launched Operation Michael, the opening phase of the Spring Offensive.
Fighter ace
No. 4 Squadron was operating its Sopwith Camels in hazardous, low-altitude support of Australian ground troops when King arrived in France, and he had little opportunity for air-to-air combat. The burly King—nicknamed "Bo", "Beau", or "Bow"—also had problems landing the Camel; crammed into its small cockpit, his large frame impeded control stick movement. The resulting rough landings annoyed his commanding officer, Major Wilfred McCloughry, brother of ace Edgar McCloughry. King's friend and fellow No. 4 Squadron pilot, Harry Cobby, recalled that "there was some speculation that he might go home—but he proved himself an impressive pilot". Cobby often took King on "special missions" to make mischief with the Germans; No. 4 Squadron found that two-man patrols were generally able to lure enemy aircraft into a fight, whereas larger formations tended to deter engagements. On 14 May 1918, King shot down a two-seat German scout that was spotting for artillery between Ypres and Bailleul, but clouds prevented him from confirming its destruction. By 20 May, he had been credited with his first aerial victory, over a Pfalz D.III near Kemmel–Neuve Église. He was promoted to lieutenant on 1 June. On 20 June, he destroyed a German balloon over Estaires; although vulnerable to attack with incendiary bullets, these large observation platforms were generally well protected by fighters and anti-aircraft defences, and were thus considered a dangerous but valuable target. Later that month he shot down two more aircraft, a Pfalz and a two-seat LVG, in the Lys region.
King registered his fifth victory, an LVG, after raiding Armentières on 25 July 1918. Four days later, he led a flight of six Camels from No. 4 Squadron escorting Airco DH.9 light bombers of the Royal Air Force in another raid on Armentières. In an action that the Australian official history highlighted as an "example of cool and skilful air fighting", the DH.9s completed their bombing mission while the Camels drove off an attacking force of at least ten German Fokkers, three of the Australians including King claiming victories, without any Allied losses. He destroyed a German two-seater on 3 August and another the following day, sharing the second with Herbert Watson. No. 4 Squadron was heavily engaged in the Allies' great offensive on the Western Front, launched with the Battle of Amiens on 8 August. King was credited with two victories—a balloon and an LVG—near Estaires during a bombing raid on 10 August. On 12 and 13 August, the Camels of No. 4 Squadron operated in a massed formation over Flanders with the S.E.5s of No. 2 Squadron AFC, the former's two flights led by Cobby and King, and the latter's by Adrian Cole and Roy Phillipps. Pickings were scarce and No. 4 Squadron's only success came on the second day when King and his flight collectively destroyed a two-seat Albatros.
On 16 August 1918, King participated in a major assault against the German airfield at Haubourdin, near Lille, that resulted in thirty-seven enemy aircraft being destroyed on the ground. During the action, described by the official history as a "riot of destruction", King set on fire a hangar housing four or five German planes. He also, according to No. 2 Squadron pilot Charles Copp, flew down Haubourdin's main street, waving as he went, his reason being that "the girls in that village must have had a heck of a time with all that bombing and must have been terribly scared so I thought I'd cheer them up a bit". By this time the Lille sector was largely clear of German fighters. The official history recorded that on 25 August, "King went out alone as far as Don railway station, bombed it, machine-gunned a train, and returned among the low clouds—all without seeing any enemy". The only contact around this time was on 30 August, when King, Thomas Baker and another pilot shot down two DFWs near Laventie. On 1 September, King destroyed an observation balloon over Aubers Ridge. Three days later he shot down an LVG after attacking a train near Lille with Cobby. He was recommended for the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) on 8 September. The award, promulgated in The London Gazette on 3 December, cited his "gallant and valuable service in bombing and attacking with machine gun fire enemy billets, trains, troops etc", during which "he ensures[d] success by descending to low altitudes, disregarding personal danger". On 16 September, following a lull in aerial combat in the region, King destroyed a Fokker biplane over Lille. Around this time he was promoted to captain and flight commander. He took over "A" Flight from Cobby, who had been posted to England. By the end of September, King's tally was eighteen. He registered his final victory in a Camel on 2 October, when he used bombs to send down his fourth balloon.
During October 1918, King converted with the rest of No. 4 Squadron to the upgraded Sopwith Snipe, whose larger cockpit was a better fit for him. He scored with the Snipe on both 28 and 29 October, the latter over Tournai, in what is frequently described as "one of the greatest air battles of the war". At Tournai, amid a confrontation involving over seventy-five Allied and German fighters, King evaded five enemy Fokkers that dived on him, before destroying an LVG in a head-on attack. The next day, he downed three Fokker D.VIIs, two without firing a shot. As he zoomed up from shooting one out of control, he cut off another. This second Fokker pulled up to avoid collision and toppled onto a third Fokker. One of the war's last air battles took place near Leuze on 4 November. King's destruction of two D.VIIs in the space of five minutes, the latter in flames, capped his combat career. His tally of seven victories with the Snipe in the closing days of the war made him the highest-scoring pilot in this type.
King's final wartime score of twenty-six included six aircraft driven down out of control, thirteen aircraft and four balloons destroyed, and three other aircraft destroyed in victories shared with other airmen. This made him second only to Harry Cobby as the most successful ace in the AFC, as well as the fourth most successful of all the Australian aces in the war (his top-scoring compatriots, Robert Little and Roderic (Stan) Dallas, flew with the British Royal Naval Air Service and Royal Air Force). King was recommended for a bar to his DFC, which was upgraded to the Distinguished Service Order and awarded on 3 June 1919. The recommendation noted his victories in the air and described him as having "proved himself a very brilliant patrol leader" and as "a magnificent example at all times to all pilots in the Squadron by his keenness on the ground and gallantry in the air which was of the highest possible order". He was also belatedly mentioned in despatches in July 1919 for his wartime service.
Interbellum and World War II
Following the end of hostilities, No. 4 Squadron joined the British Army of Occupation at Bickendorf, near Cologne, Germany, in December 1918. The unit returned to England in March 1919, and King sailed with it back to Australia aboard RMS Kaisar-i-Hind on 6 May. He left the AFC on 11 August 1919 in Melbourne, before gaining employment as an air courier for Larkin-Sopwith Aviation Co. of Australasia Ltd, which had been co-founded by fighter ace Herbert Larkin. While working for Larkin-Sopwith, King refused an appointment in the newly established Australian Air Corps (AAC)—forerunner of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF)—because it had not then offered a commission to Frank McNamara, VC. In a letter to the AAC selection committee on 30 January 1920, King wrote "I feel I must forfeit my place in favor (sic) of this very good and gallant officer"; McNamara received a commission in the AAC that April.
King's career with Larkin-Sopwith involved many pioneering flights. In 1920 alone, flying a Sopwith Gnu, he was credited with making the first aerial deliveries of mail and newspapers to various cities in eastern Australia, and with making the first aircraft landing at several townships in southern Queensland. He also competed in air races. By April 1922, working with Larkin-Sopwith's successor, Larkin Aircraft Supply Co. Ltd, King was reported as having safely flown 2,000 passengers and throughout Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland. He soon left the aviation business to go into partnership with another pilot, T.T. Shipman, founding Shipman, King and Co. Pty Ltd. Importing and building machinery, the company was successful and allowed King to take up the restoration and racing of motor vehicles. He married Josephine Livingston, twenty, at St John's Anglican Church, Camberwell, on 31 March 1925. The couple had a son and a daughter.
In December 1939, soon after the outbreak of World War II, King joined the RAAF as a squadron leader. Initially considered for general flying duties, he was assigned training commands commencing in the new year. On 2 January 1940, he became the inaugural commanding officer of No. 3 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 3 EFTS) in Essendon, Victoria. Part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme, No. 3 EFTS initially comprised a significant civilian presence, many of the aircraft and staff under King's control being from private airline companies and the Royal Victorian Aero Club; by July, all private machines had been pressed into RAAF service and the civilian element largely disappeared. King assumed command of No. 5 Elementary Flying Training School at Narromine, New South Wales, on 21 December. Promoted to wing commander, he took over No. 1 Service Flying Training School at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria, from Group Captain John McCauley on 7 July 1941. In October, King was promoted to acting group captain and posted to command the newly established Station Headquarters Point Cook.
Death and legacy
King died unexpectedly of cerebral oedema on 28 November 1941, aged 47. Survived by his wife and children, he was cremated at Fawkner Crematorium, Melbourne. His funeral service at South Yarra was attended by hundreds of mourners from the military and civil aviation world, including the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Sir Charles Burnett, and a representative of the Minister for Air; the pallbearers included Air Vice Marshal Henry Wrigley, Air Commodore Raymond Brownell, Group Captain Allan Walters, and Wing Commander Henry Winneke.
Elwyn Roy King's name appears on panel 97 in the Commemorative Area of the Australian War Memorial, Canberra. His youngest brother Francis, who served as a flying officer with No. 30 Squadron in New Guinea, died in an aircraft crash on 31 May 1943.
Notes
References
1894 births
1941 deaths
Military personnel from New South Wales
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian World War I flying aces
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
People from New South Wales
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Australian Flying Corps officers
351 (stylized III one) is a 165,000-square-foot office building. The high-rise is in downtown St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, at 351 Water Street. The office building is the first to be constructed downtown in 25 years and was completed in 2013 by East Port Properties.
The building consists of a parking garage spanning the bottom six floors (labelled floors 0 through 5) beneath an office tower on the top six floors (6 through 11), The current anchor tenant of 351 is Husky Energy, who occupy offices on five of the six commercial storeys. Subsea 7 also maintains offices in the building.
Background
The site of 351 was originally part of St. John's Harbour, and is on made ground that is made up of fill coming from the rubble left after major fires in the 1800s. The location is most known for being the location of a F. W. Woolworth Company department store. When the store opened in 1952 it was considered to be the most modern store in St. John's, featuring a 2-storey escalator, an American-style soda fountain a hotdog machine and a popcorn machine. In the early 1990s the department store closed, a discount department store operated in the building for a few years before it was left vacant.
In February 2010, East Port Properties announced a proposal to construct a 12 storey office tower and parking garage at the site. In October 2011, the St. John's City Council removed the site from the heritage area, leading to the approval of the development. Construction of the site started in the Summer of 2011, and the official groundbreaking was held on October 27, 2011. It will also be the first building in the province to use deep water source cooling.
The parking garage within 351 opened in 2013; possibly uniquely among St. John's buildings, it includes charging stations for electric cars.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
Architecture of St. John's
Downtown St. John's
References
External links
351 Official Websites
Buildings and structures in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
Shabaib Al-Khaldi (born on 11 August 1998) is a Kuwaiti professional footballer who plays for Kazma and the Kuwaiti national team.
International career
He debuted internationally on 14 November 2019, at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification, and scored his first goal in a major competition for Kuwait against Chinese Taipei in a 9–0 victory.
International goals
Scores and results list Kuwait's goal tally first.
Honours
Kazma:
Kuwait Emir Cup (1): 2022
Individual
Kuwait Premier League top scorer: 2021–22
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Kuwait international footballers
Association football midfielders
Kazma SC players
Al-Sahel SC (Kuwait) players
Kuwait Premier League players
The nuragic holy well is a typical Sardinian hypogean Bronze Age structure for the worship of the waters. Scattered throughout the island, along with the Giants' grave and the megaron temples, they testify to the deep religiosity of the Nuragic populations. These temples were a place of pilgrimage and ceremonies: it is believed that at certain times of year the various nuragic populations of the area gathered together in their vicinity.
Architecture
The oldest temples were built in the style of the nuraghe, with blocks of stone not perfectly squared; over time they were built with a greater accuracy. The most common type is composed of a circular well built with blocks of stone, which was accessed by steps that descended to water level. They are a clear example of the architectural mastery of the nuragics and evidence of their reverence for water sources.
Dating
In the past it was thought that they were built between the eighth and sixth centuries BC; the latest findings, however, have led archaeologists to estimate that the temples date from the time when there was a close relationship between the Mycenaean kingdoms, Crete and Sardinia (around 1300 BC). An almost certain dating comes from recent excavations in the Holy Well of Funtana Coberta, near Ballao, which lack completely Iron Age nuragic ceramics, while there are finds from the Aegean. The Well of Ballao was probably built in the late Bronze Age and abandoned some centuries later.
Image gallery
See also
Clootie well
Holy well
Notes
Bibliography
G Lilliu: Sardegna Nuragica, Edizioni Il Maestrale, 2006,
A.Moravetti: Il santuario nuragico di Santa Cristina; Editore Carlo Delfino, ,
R.Pettazzoni, La religione primitiva in Sardegna, 1912, Società Editrice Pontremolese, Cagliari Biblioteca Nazionale .
M. A. Fadda, F. Posi: Il villaggio nuragico Su Romanzesu, Editore Carlo Delfino, 2006, .
Demurtas S. U. Manca Demurtas L. Santa Cristina e i siti archeologici nel territorio di Paulilatino 1999.
Pitzalis G.: Il pozzo sacro di Predio Canopoli. Bollettino di Archeologia Perfugas. 1991.
Lilliu, G. La civiltà dei Sardi dal neolitico all'età dei nuraghi. Torino - Edizioni ERI - 1967.
Puddu M. G.: Recenti sondaggi di scavo a Santa Vittoria di Serri, in: La Sardegna nel Mediterraneo fra il Bronzo Medio e il Bronzo Recente. Atti del III Convegno di Studi.
Lilliu G. Sculture della Sardegna nuragica Verona 1962.
Aa.Vv., Ichnussa. La Sardegna dalle origini all'età classica - Milano, 1981.
Paolo Melis: Nuraghenkultur 2003. .
Maria Rosaria Manunza (a cura di): Funtana Coberta. Tempio nuragico a Ballao nel Gerrei; .
Archaeology of Sardinia
Holy wells
Cherokee is an unincorporated community in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Cherokee was platted in 1832, and named after nearby Cherokee Mans Run. A post office was established at Cherokee in 1832, and remained in operation until 1849.
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County, Ohio
1832 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1832
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Kingstree station is a train station in Kingstree, South Carolina, operated by Amtrak, the United States' railroad passenger system. It was originally built by the Atlantic coastline Railroad in 1909. The station survived the merger of the Atlantic coastline and Seaboard Air Line Railroads into the Seaboard coastline Railroad in 1967, only to terminate passenger service in 1971. Amtrak service to Kingstree began on June 15, 1976, with the introduction of the Palmetto. The station is currently part of the Kingstree Historic District.
The two tracks at Kingstree station cross the intersection of East Main Street (SC 261) and Hampton Avenue. Four streets named "Railroad Avenue" run along the tracks near the station. South Railroad Avenue on the west side of the tracks is on the corner of the station house itself, while South Railroad Avenue on the east side of the tracks is a dead end street running south of Ashton Avenue. On the north side of East Main Street, North Railroad Avenue on the west side of the tracks begins at Hampton Avenue just north of its southern terminus with East Main Street, while North Railroad Avenue on the east side begins at East Main Street itself.
References
External links
Kingstree Amtrak Station (USA Rail Guide -- Train Web)
Kingstree, South Carolina Railroad Stations (South Carolina Railroad Stations)
Kingstree, SC (KTR) (Amtrak's Great American Stations)
Amtrak stations in South Carolina
Atlantic coastline Railroad stations
Buildings and structures in Williamsburg County, South Carolina
Transportation in Williamsburg County, South Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in South Carolina
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1909
National Register of Historic Places in Williamsburg County, South Carolina
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Tynset Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Tynset Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. It is located in the village of Tynset. It is the church for the Tynset parish which is part of the Nord-Østerdal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Hamar. The white, wooden church was built in an octagonal design in 1795 using plans drawn up by the architect Peder Ellingsen. The church seats about 391 people.
History
The first church in Tynset was a wooden stave church that was completed in 1211. The new church was consecrated in September 1211 by the Archbishop Tore. This church was located about northeast of the present church site. In 1654, the old church was torn down and work on a new church on the same site began soon after. The new church was a timber-framed long church that was completed in 1657. By 1690, the old cemetery was full and a new cemetery was opened about to the southwest of the existing church. The church quickly became too small for the parish.
From 1707-1708, a new church was built beside the new cemetery southwest of the old church. When the new church was finished, the old church was torn down. The new church did not last very long. In 1792, the church caught fire because of the careless handling of an open fire during a wedding in the church. The church was a total loss. Afterwards, there was talk of building a stone church, but this was too expensive. Peder Ellingson was hired to design the new wooden, octagonal building. The new church was consecrated in 1795.
In 1814, this church served as an election church (). Together with more than 300 other parish churches across Norway, it was a polling station for elections to the 1814 Norwegian Constituent Assembly which wrote the Constitution of Norway. This was Norway's first national elections. Each church parish was a constituency that elected people called "electors" who later met together in each county to elect the representatives for the assembly that was to meet in Eidsvoll later that year.
Media gallery
See also
List of churches in Hamar
References
Tynset
Churches in Innlandet
Octagonal churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
18th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1795
13th-century establishments in Norway
Norwegian election church
The Uganda Specialized Nursing University (USNU) is a planned private university in Uganda. When completed, the university will offer specialized nursing training to nurses from Uganda and neighboring countries.
Location
The university campus would be located on Mulago Hill in the Kawempe Division of the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital and oldest city. The land on which the university campus will stand is owned by the Uganda Nurses and Midwives Union, who also own the university.
Overview
As of June 2019, Uganda, a country with a population of over 40 million people, lacks an institution that offers specialized nursing training. When completed, USNU will offer specialized nursing training in such areas as (a) Cardiac nursing (b) Critical care nursing (c) Orthopedic nursing (d) Pediatric nursing (e) Neonatal nursing (f) Neurosurgery nursing (g) Trauma nursing (h) Urology nursing (i) Dialysis nursing (j) Transplant surgery nursing (k) Emergency Room nursing and other specialized nursing disciplines. Before the establishment of USNU, government sent nurses to acquire specialized training outside the country, at considerable taxpayer expense.
History
In 1993, the Government of Uganda donated land on Mulago Hill to the Uganda Nurses and Midwives Union. Originally, the plan was to build the Union's headwaters on the site. However in 2019, the Union plans to start the construction of USNU on that land. Funding for the construction is expected to come from the Ugandan government and donations.
Academics
The lecturers at the university are expected to be sourced from Uganda and from universities in the United States and Australia that are affiliated with the Uganda Nurses and Midwives Union.
See also
Education in Uganda
List of universities in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Nurses and Midwives Union
Education in Kampala
Kawempe Division
Central Region, Uganda
Universities and colleges in Uganda
Heidi O'Rourke is a retired American synchronized swimming competitor, who won 10 national titles between 1969 and 1971. In 1971, she received the perfect score of 10 at the U.S. Indoor and Outdoor championships (becoming the only athlete to do so in a national AAU Championship) and at the 1971 Pan American Games, where she won three gold medals. After retiring in 1971, she toured Europe with demonstration events and coached the national teams of Switzerland, Spain, and Austria. She also portrayed Eleanor Holm in the 1975 musical film Funny Lady.
In 1980, she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American synchronized swimmers
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in synchronized swimming
Year of birth missing (living people)
Synchronized swimmers at the 1971 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1971 Pan American Games
Terrada Point () is the northeast entrance point to Buls Bay, Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago. The point was roughly mapped by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99. It was mapped in detail in 1954 by an Argentine Antarctic Expedition and, in 1978, named "Cabo Terrada" after an Argentine patriot. The term point is appropriate and replaces "cabo" (cape) in the approved name.
Headlands of the Palmer Archipelago
Word Of Honor (), previously titled A Tale of the Wanderers (天涯客), is a 2021 Chinese costume streaming television series co-produced by Ciwen Media, and Youku, directed by Cheng Zhi Chao, Ma Hua Gan, and Li Hong Yu, written by Xiao Chu, adapted from the danmei novel "Faraway Wanderers" (天涯客) by Priest. It starred Zhang Zhehan (Chinese: 张哲瀚) and Gong Jun (Chinese: 龚俊) in the leading roles. The series aired on Youku from February 22 to May 5 with 36 episodes, plus a short bonus clip shows what happened after the end of the main series.
Synopsis
The leader of assassin organisation "The Window of Heaven", Zhou Zishu (played by Zhang Zhehan), quits his position in pursuit of freedom with drastic measures. During his travels, he meets Wen Kexing (played by Gong Jun), the reclusive leader of Ghost Valley who wants nothing but revenge. The two become entangled in various machinations within the martial arts world, and eventually become soulmates instrumental in each other's redemption. One conspiracy, two soulmates, five pieces of treasure, twenty years of grievances, and thousands of years of jianghu dreams have tied their destinies closely together.
Cast
Main
Supporting
Ghost Valley (Mountain Qingya)
A place where the most evil people in the world with nowhere else to go, gather.
Imperial Court and The Window of Heaven
One of the two most famous assassin organisations operating primarily in the north, The Window of Heaven is led by Helian Yi, Prince of Jin, used in his schemes in his bid for the throne.
Scorpion Sect
One of the two most famous assassin organisations operating primarily in the south, the Scorpion Sect is led by Scorpion King.
Five Lakes Alliance
Consists of the five great sects and their respective leaders :
Hei Zi as Gao Chong (voiced by Yang Mo), head of the Five Lakes Alliance and leader of Yue Yang Sect
Zhang Jia Hang as Gao Chong (young)
Wang Ruo Lin as Zhao Jing (voiced by Guo Hao Ran), leader of Tai Hu Sect; known as the San Bai Hero; in control of the Scorpion Sect; Xi Sang Ghost's former lover
Tian Mu Yang as Zhao Jing (young)
Guo Jia Hao as Shen Shen (voiced by Qi Si Jia), leader of Da Gu Shan Sect
Chang Yuan Jia as Shen Shen (young)
Chang Jin as Zhang Yusen, leader of Jing Hu Mountain Pavilion (Mirror lake sect); Zhang Chengling's father
Zhou Tai Heng (周泰亨) as Zhang Yusen (young)
Yang Han as Lu Taichong, leader of Dan Yang Sect
Yue Yang Sect
Jin Le as Gao Xiaolian (voiced by *Nie Xi Ying), Gao Chong's daughter
Yang Wan Li as Deng Kuan (voiced by Liu Si Cen), head disciple of Yue Yang Sect
Yang Zhen as Zhu Yaozhi, disciple of Yue Yang Sect
Tang Yuan Sheng as Gao Shan, disciple of Yue Yang Sect
Tang Shu Ya as Xie Wuyang, disciple of Yue Yang Sect; adopted son of Zhao Jing
Huang Zi Yi (黄子益) as Song Huairen, disciple of Yue Yang Sect
Jing Hu Mountain Pavilion (Mirror lake sect)
Yan Ding Xiang Yu (闫丁翔宇) as Zhang Chengfeng, elder son of Zhang Yusen
Chen Qi (陈启) as Zhang Chengluan, second son of Zhang Yusen
Chang Ming Mountain
Huang You Ming as Ye Baiyi (voiced by Jin Xian), sword immortal of Chang Ming Mountain. A mysterious and highly skilled martial artist who lived for a century. Rong Xuan's teacher
Li Ming Xuan as Rong Xuan, known as the Feng Shan Sword. Creator of the Martial Arts Library. Ye Baiyi's disciple
Unaffiliated
Wei Zheming as Jing Beiyuan (Seventh Lord) (voiced by Ling Fei): a former prince of Jin Kingdom and Zhou Zishu's old friend. He is the main character of Lord Seventh or Qi Ye, the prequel novel to Tian Ya Ke. Unbeknownst to the rest of the characters, Jing Beiyuan is the destined soulmate of Helian Yi and has died and reincarnated many times before. In his last life, he was sent back to his first life to be the prince again and redo that life. His actions thereafter change the destinies of all those around him, including Zhou Zishu. He may be secretly related to Helian Yi.
Fan Jinwei as Wu Xi (Da Wu) (voiced by Zhang He): the shamanic leader of Nan Jiang and Zhou Zishu's old friend. In his youth, he was a royal hostage in the Kingdom of Jin and grew up in the royal court with Jing Beiyuan, Zhou Zishu, and Helian Yi. He slowly befriends and falls in love with Jing Beiyuan. In the novel, he is sent away by Beiyuan before the final battle against foreign invaders but returns to rescue him and help defeat his enemies. Jing Beiyuan leaves his old life behind and goes to live with Wu Xi at the end of the novel.
Extended cast
《Si Ji Mountain Pavilion (Four Season Manor)》
A former wulin stronghold which has now faded into nonexistence.
Gong Zheng Nan as Qin Huaizhang: master of Si Ji Mountain Pavilion and Zhou Zishu's teacher.
Guo Jianan and Zhang Yuebin (张跃滨) (young) as Qin Jiuxiao: Qin Huaizhang's son and Zhou Zishu's close junior.
Cao Xiyue and Qiao Su (voice) as Princess Jing An: Zhou Zishu's junior and Qin Jiuxiao's lover.
《Long Yuan Pavilion》
An organization that is adept in traps and machinations.
Zhang Shuangli and Gao Yang (高扬) (young) as Long Que: the old master of Long Yuan Pavilion.
Wang Zirun and Zhang Yuwei (voice) as Long Xiao: the current master of Long Yuan Pavilion and Long Que's son.
《Immortal Physician Valley 》
Zou Shizhong (邹世中) as the Master of Immortal Physician Valley.
Yu Xinyan as Yue Feng'er: the senior disciple of Immortal Physician Valley and Rong Xuan's wife.
Ji Xiaofei as Zhen Ruyu: Wen Kexing's father.
Ou Ruola as Gu Miaomiao: Wen Kexing's mother.
JIANGHU
《Qing Feng Sword Sect (Gentle Wind Sword Sect)》
Wang Boqing as Mo Huaiyang: leader of Qing Feng Sword Sect and Cao Weining's teacher.
Wang Kang as Mo Weixu: Mo Huaiyang's son.
Cheng Cheng as Fan Huaikong: elder of Qing Feng Sword Sect.
《Hua Shan Sect》
One of the sects under the Wu Yue Sword Alliance.
Liu Hanyang as Yu Qiufeng (voiced by Ling Zhenhe): leader of Hua Shan Sect and Liu Qianqiao's former lover.
Jia Yu (嘉裕) as Yu Tianjie: son of Yu Qiufeng.
Kong Lingzi (孔令孜) as He Ruicai: disciple of Hua Shan Sect.
《Tai Shan Sect》
One of the sects under the Wu Yue Sword Alliance.
Wang Gang as Ao Laizi (voiced by Zhao Mingzhou): leader of Tai Shan Sect.
Zhang Chen as Qing Bo: disciple of Tai Shan Sect.
Liu Ruxuan as Qing Hua: disciple of Tai Shan Sect.
Wang Yilong as Qing Song: disciple of Tai Shan Sect.
《Duan Jian Mountain Pavilion (Broken Sword Manor)》
Zhao Hongwu as Mu Siyuan: leader of Duan Jian Mountain Pavilion.
Yuan Shuai as Mu Yunge: disciple of Duan Jian Mountain Pavilion.
《Beggar Sect》
Wei Jia (魏甲) as the Leader of Beggar Sect.
Kou Zhenhai as Huang He (voiced by Zhang Yaohan): elder of Beggar Sect.
Zhou Xiaopeng as Lu Liu (voiced by Liu Cong).
Ma Lan as Tao Hong (voiced by Ma Cheng).
《Four Sages of An Ji》
Yu Zikuan as He Yifan: a former bandit who turned good.
Zhang Zhiwei as Du Yuqian.
Lu Chunsheng as Pei Feng: husband of Qiao Xing.
Tong Xiaomei as Qiao Xing: wife of Pei Feng.
Others
Huang Bixing as Feng Xiaofeng.
Wang Gang as Gao Shan Nu.
Yu Aiqun as Ci Mu Da Shi: master of Shao Lin Temple.
Zhao Yongzhan as the Leader of Cao Sect.
Ren Xihong as Wang Moxuan: Leader of Ju Jing Sect.
Han Haoxiang as the Second Generation Leader of Ju Jing Sect.
Xu Wei as the Leader of Hai Sha Sect.
Song Yagang as the Leader of Tiezhang Sect.
Wang Chong (王崇) as the Leader of Wu Hu Duan Jian Sect.
Li Tongdong as the Leader of Fu Niu Sect.
Hou Quanlong (侯全龙) as Sun Zhong: Leader of Ying Zhua Sect.
Shen Baoping as Uncle Li: old boat captain who gives Zhou Zishu the responsibility of sending Zhang Chengling safely to the Five Lakes Alliance.
Zhao Qihang as Ping An: Jing Beiyuan's disciple
Wu Kunyi as A Qin Lai: Jing Beiyuan's subordinate
Fu Rou Mei Qi as Yun Zai: a courtesan saved by Gu Xiang.
Ren Yixuan as Hong Lu: a courtesan saved by Gu Xiang.
Li Man (李曼) as Yan Wan: disciple of Emei Sect and Mu Yunge's lover.
Yang Mo as Fang Buzhi: a famous thief known as Jiu Zhua Ling Hu.
Wei Yu as Minister Li: the military commissioner and Princess Jing An's father, killed by Zhou Zishu.
Wang Xingyi as Green Clothed Swordsman: assassin and guard of the military commissioner manor.
Yan Yan as Yue Rong.
Yun Xiang as Bi Xingming.
Lu Jin as Zhi Yin Shi Tai.
Wang Haochen (王皓晨) as Deng Kuan's son.
Hao Jianchun (郝荐椿) as Meng Po.
Wu Lin as Gui Mian Ke.
Cheng Wanchuan (成万川) as Luo Hao.
Lu Huan as Uncle Lin.
Wang Pin as Cheng Zichen.
Liu Meixi as Zhang Nianxiang.
Soundtrack
Word of Honor OST (山河令 网剧音乐原声大碟) consisted of 13 tracks, sung by various artists.
Production
In June 2020, the main leads Zhang Zhehan and Gong Jun were announced along with the production team. On the same day, the filming ceremony was held. On July 18, a fanmeeting was held. The series was filmed from June 3 to September 23 at Hengdian World Studios.
Concert
‘Word of Honor' Theme Concert took place on the 3 and 4 of May 2021, in the gymnasium of the Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre. The main leads Zhang Zhehan, Gong Jun, Zhou Ye, Ma Wenyuan, Sun Xilun attended the shows along with supporting cast members Zhao Qian (Du Pusa), Huang You Ming (Ye Baiyi), Li Dai Kun (Xie Wang), Hei Zi (Gao Chong), Chen Zi Han (Luo Fumeng), Jin Le (Gao Xiaolian), Ke Nai Yu (Liu Qianqiao), Wang Ruo Lin (Zhao Jin), Guo Jia Hao (Shen Shen), Fan Jinwei (Wu Xi), Guo Yun Fei (Duan Pengjiu), and Wang Rong (Han Ying). Over 600,000 people participated in the ticket purchased, but only 40,000 seats available. The tickets eventually sold out completely within 40 seconds. Online tickets were also available for livestream through media platform Youku, costs CN¥68 (US$10) per day.
International Broadcast
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2020s Chinese television series
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Youku original programming
Chinese wuxia television series
The Right Reverend John Chang Yik (November 20, 1933, Seoul – August 5, 2020, Chuncheon) was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chunchon, South Korea.
The son of Chang Myon, he was born as Chang Yik. On 30 March 1963, aged 29, he was ordained a parish priest. On 11 November 1994, aged 61, he was appointed as Bishop of Chuncheon and ordained a month later. His consecrators were: Stephen Cardinal Kim Sou-hwan, Archbishop Victorinus Youn Kong-hi and Nicolas Cardinal Cheong Jin-suk. He was appointed Apostolic Administrator of Hamhung in North Korea in 2006; he retired from both posts in 2010.
References
External links
Biodata at Catholic Hierarchy website
1933 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in South Korea
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in South Korea
People from Seoul
Indong Jang clan
Roman Catholic bishops of Hamhung
Roman Catholic bishops of Chunchon
OGN or Ogn may refer to:
Original graphic novel
Oregon Geographic Names
OGN (TV channel)
OGN (gene) (also called mimecan)
Offshore Group Newcastle, or OGN Group, who make oil rigs on the River Tyne in Newcastle upon Tyne
Ognøya
IATA airport code of Yonaguni Airport
ICAO airline code of Origin Pacific Airways
Open Glider Network
The Budget Committee () is a standing committee of the Icelandic parliament.
Jurisdiction
According to law № 55/1991, with later amendments, all matters relating to the following subjects are referred to the Budget Committee:
State finance
Budget spending
State assets
Loan authorisation
State guarantees
Pension
Members, 140th parliament
The main members have seats in the committees and attend the meetings. When they are unable to do so the substitute members temporarily take their place.
Main
Substitute
Chairmen
114th parliament (1991–2011)
140th parliament (2011-present)
See also
List of standing committees of the Icelandic parliament
External links
Standing committees of the Icelandic parliament
Phaeomyias is a genus of South American birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae.
The genus was erected by the German ornithologist Hans von Berlepsch in 1902. The type species was subsequently designated as the mouse-colored tyrannulet (Phaeomyias murina).
Species
The genus contains two species:
The Tumbesian tyrannulet was formerly considered conspecific with the widespread mouse-colored tyrannulet. The two species are visually very similar, but vocally distinct.
References
Bird genera
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1696.
Events
January – Colley Cibber's play Love's Last Shift is first performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in London.
March 5 – William Penn marries his second wife, Hannah Callowhill.
September – The Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, London, stages The Female Wits, an anti-feminist satire targeting Mary Pix, Delarivier Manley and Catherine Trotter, the three significant women dramatists of the era. The play is a hit, and runs for three nights straight (unusual in the repertory system of the day).
November 21 – John Vanbrugh's first play, the comedy The Relapse, or Virtue in Danger, a sequel to Love's Last Shift, is first performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, with Cibber in the cast.
unknown date
The Tuscan poet Vincenzo da Filicaja becomes governor of Volterra.
Chapbook peddlers in England are required to hold a licence.
New books
Fiction
John Aubrey – Miscellanies
Philip Ayres – The Revengeful Mistress
Aphra Behn (died 1689) – The Histories and Novels of the Late Ingenious Mrs. Behn
Charles Leslie – The Snake in the Grass
Mary Pix – The Inhumane Cardinal; or, Innocence Betray'd (novel)
John Suckling – The Works of Sir John Suckling
John Tillotson – The Works of John Tillotson
Drama
John Banks – Cyrus the Great, or The Tragedy of Love
Aphra Behn – The Younger Brother
Colley Cibber – Love's Last Shift
Thomas Dilke – The City Lady
Thomas Doggett – The Country Wake
Thomas D'Urfey – The Comical History of Don Quixote. The Third Part
George Granville, 1st Baron Lansdowne – The She-Gallants
Joseph Harris – The City Bride; or, The Merry Cuckold (adapted from A Cure for a Cuckold)
Charles Hopkins – Neglected Virtue
Delarivier Manley
The Lost Lover, or The Jealous Husband
The Royal Mischief
Peter Anthony Motteux
Love's a Jest
She Ventures and He Wins
Mary Pix
The Spanish Wives
Ibrahim, the Thirteenth Emperour of the Turks
Edward Ravenscroft – The Anatomist, or the Sham Doctor
Thomas Southerne – Oroonoko, or The Royal Slave: a tragedy (adapted from Aphra Behn's novel Oroonoko - published)
John Vanbrugh – The Relapse
Poetry
Nicholas Brady and Nahum Tate – New Version of the Psalms of David
John Dryden – An Ode on the Death of Mr Henry Purcell (died 1695)
John Oldmixon – Poems on Several Occasions
Elizabeth Singer Rowe – Poems on Several Occasions
Nahum Tate – Miscellanea Sacra; or, Poems on Divine & Moral Subjects
Non-fiction
Richard Baxter – Reliquiae Baxterianae (posthumous)
John Bellers – Proposals for Raising a College of Industry of All Useful Trades and Husbandry
Gerard Croese – The General History of the Quakers (translation)
Judith Drake (attributed) – An Essay in Defence of the Female Sex (anonymous)
Delarivier Manley – Letters Written by Mrs. Manley
William Penn – Primitive Christianity Revived in the Faith and Practice of the People called Quakers
John Sheffield, 1st Duke of Buckingham and Normanby – The Character of Charles II, King of England
John Toland – Christianity not Mysterious
William Whiston – A New Theory of the Earth
Births
July 14 – William Oldys, English antiquary, bibliographer and poet (died 1761)
September 25 – Madame du Deffand, French literary hostess (died 1780)
October 13 – John Hervey, 2nd Baron Hervey, English memoirist and courtier (died 1743)
Unknown date – Matthew Green, English writer of light verse and customs official (died 1737)
Deaths
January 3 – Mary Mollineux, English Quaker poet (born c.1651)
March 14 – Jean Domat, French jurist (born 1625)
March 18 – Bonaventura Baron, Irish theologian, philosopher and writer in Latin (born 1610)
April 17 – Marie de Rabutin-Chantal, French author (born 1626)
April 27 – Simon Foucher, French polemic philosopher (born 1644)
May 10 – Jean de La Bruyère, French essayist (born 1645)
June 9 – Antoine Varillas, French historian (born 1626)
August 9 – Wacław Potocki, Polish nobleman (Szlachta), moralist, Baroque poet and writer (born 1621)
September 8 – Henry Birkhead, English academic, lawyer, Latin poet and founder of the Oxford Chair of Poetry (born 1617)
November 26 – Gregório de Matos, Brazilian Baroque poet (born 1636)
December 31 – Samuel Annesley, English Puritan minister noted for his sermons (born c.1620)
Unknown dates
Jón Magnússon, Icelandic writer (born c. 1610)
Gesshū Sōko (月舟宗胡), Japanese Zen Buddhist teacher, poet and calligrapher (born 1618)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Bukky Wright (born 31 March 1967) is a Nigerian actress, a businesswoman and a politician. She runs the fashion house B Collections and the beauty spa B Wright.
Biography
Bukky was born to a Christian father and a Muslim mother in Abeokuta. She attended the University of Lagos, and earned a bachelor's degree in economics.
Bukky began her acting career in 1996. She has featured in several Nollywood movies of Yoruba and English languages, including Wale Adenuga's Television series Super story.
In 2014, Bukky Wright contested for the post of a Honourable in Ogun State House of Assembly under the platform of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) led by former Governor Olusegun Osoba.
Personal life
Bukky Wright is married, and she has two sons, Eniola and Gbenga. She became a grandmother when one of her sons had a child.
Politics
In 2014, through the Social Democratic Party, she ran for the position of Senator in Ogun State House of Representatives.
Selected filmography
Saworo ide (1999)
Above Love (2004)
Abeni (2006)
Outkast (2011)
Kodun Kopo Kope (KKK)
Gidi Blues
Omotara Johnson
Unforgivable
Afefe Alaafia
Dugbe Dugbe
Nkem Temi
Ago Meje
Oko Nnene
Habitat
Red Hot (2013)
Iyore (2014)
When Love Happens (2014)
Special Jollof (2020)
See also
List of Yoruba people
References
External links
Living people
1967 births
Actresses from Abeokuta
University of Lagos alumni
Yoruba actresses
Yoruba women in business
Nigerian film actresses
Nigerian television actresses
20th-century Nigerian actresses
21st-century Nigerian actresses
Actresses in Yoruba cinema
Nigerian fashion businesspeople
Nigerian actor-politicians
Nigerian women in politics
21st-century Nigerian businesswomen
Businesspeople from Abeokuta
Yoruba women in politics
Social Democratic Party (Nigeria) politicians
Politicians from Abeokuta
George Philip Rigney Pulman (1819–1880) was an English journalist, antiquary, and writer on fishing. In 1857 he founded Pulman's Weekly News and Advertiser newspapers.
Life
He was born at Axminster, Devon, on 21 February 1819, the son of Philip Pulman (1791–1871), who married Anne Rigney (1818–1885). Pulman was in early life organist at Axminster parish church and wrote for local newspapers.
In 1848, he acquired a printing and bookselling business at Crewkerne. For some years he was editor of the Yeovil Times, and on 10 March 1857 he set up a paper called Pulman's Weekly News and Advertiser, the first in Crewkerne. For more than twenty years it was both owned and edited by him.
He disposed of his newspaper and business in June 1878, and retired to The Hermitage at Uplyme, between Axminster and Lyme Regis. He died there on 3 February 1880 and was buried at Axminster cemetery on 7 February.
Works
Pulman was a fisherman and won at the Great Exhibition of 1851, a bronze medal for artificial flies. His main work, The Book of the Axe, published in numbers, were published together in 1841 (other editions 1844, 1853, and 1875, the last being rewritten and enlarged). It was a fisherman's description of the district through which the River Axe, noted for trout, flows, and it contained histories of the towns and houses on its banks.
The Book of the Axe: containing a piscatorial description of that stream, with brief histories of the more remarkable places on its banks, and a variety of tales, songs, and anecdotes. 1841
--do.--2nd ed. London: Hamilton, Adams, and Co., 1844
--do.--3rd ed., enlarged. London: Longman, Brown, Green, and Longmans, 1853
--do.--4th ed., re-written. London: Longman, Green, Reader, and Dyer, 1875
--do.--reprinted. Bath: Kingsmead Reprints, 1969
Pulman also published
‘The Vade-mecum of Fly-fishing for Trout,' 1841; 2nd edit. 1846, 3rd edit. 1851.
‘Rustic Sketches, being Poems on Angling in the Dialect of East Devon,' Taunton, 1842; reprinted in 1853 and 1871.
‘Local Nomenclature. A Lecture on the Names of Places, chiefly in the West of England,' 1857.
A version of the ‘Song of Solomon in the East Devonshire Dialect,' 1860, in collaboration with Prince L. L. Bonaparte.
‘Rambles, Roamings, and Recollections, by John Trotandot,' with portrait, Crewkerne, 1870; this mainly described the country around Crewkerne.
‘Roamings abroad by John Trotandot,' 1878.
Pulman published about 1843 for William Daniel Conybeare ‘The Western Agriculturist: a Farmer's Magazine for Somerset, Dorset, and Devon,' and the ‘United Counties Miscellany' from 1849 to July 1851. He supplied the music for songs entitled ‘The Battle of Alma' (1854) and ‘I'll love my love in the winter,' with words by W. D. Glyde, and composed a ‘Masonic Hymn' and ‘Psalms, Hymn-tunes, and twelve Chants' (1855).
Family
He married at Cattistock, Dorset, on 12 December 1848, Jane, third daughter of George Davy Ewens of Axminster. She survived him with one son, W. G. B. Pulman, a solicitor at Lutterworth.
References
Dictionary of National Biography, Pulman, George Philip Rigney (1819–1880), antiquary, by W. P. Courtney. Published 1896.
Attribution
1819 births
1880 deaths
English newspaper editors
English antiquarians
British fishers
19th-century British journalists
English male journalists
19th-century English male writers
Harrison Miller Ford (born December 22, 1982) is an American actor. He starred in the CBS medical drama Code Black as third-year resident Dr. Angus Leighton.
Life and career
Ford was born Harrison Miller Ford in 1982 in Dyersburg, Tennessee. He began his acting career in middle school and attended high school at Memphis University School in Memphis. He received his bachelor's degree in fine arts in theater with an emphasis in acting from Southern Methodist University's Meadows School of the Arts, and a master's degree in fine arts in acting at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Currently, Ford resides in Los Angeles and New York City.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Tennessee
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
1983 births
People from Dyersburg, Tennessee
R. orientalis may refer to:
Rhadinomyia orientalis, a picture-winged fly species
Rhipilia orientalis, an alga species in the genus Rhipilia
Rhynchelmis orientalis, a freshwater worm species found on Hokkaidō, Japan
Rumex orientalis, a herb species
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
P. Ubaidulla is a member of 15th Kerala Legislative Assembly. He is a member of Indian Union Muslim League and represents Malappuram constituency. He was reelected in 2021.
Positions held
Member, Kerala State Waqf Board (2019–Present )
Member of 13th and 14th Kerala Legislative Assembly (2011–16, 2016–21)
Member, District Council, Malappuram (1991–95)
Member, District Panchayat (1995-2000 & 2000-2005)
General Secretary, Muslim Youth League Malappuram District Committee
President, Muslim League Malappuram Constituency Committee
Working Committee Member, Kerala State Muslim League
President, Co-operative Employees Organisation (C.E.O.) State Committee
General Secretary, C.H. Centre, Malappuram
References
Kerala MLAs 2011–2016
Kerala MLAs 2016–2021
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
1960 births
Living people
Kerala MLAs 2021–2026
Peam Chor (, ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.
Administrative divisions
The district contains 10 communes:
Angkor Angk
Kampong Prasat
Kaoh Chek
Kaoh Roka
Kaoh Sampov
Krang Ta Yang
Preaek Krabau
Preaek Sambuor
Ruessei Srok
Svay Phluoh
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
A large amount of literary works have been composed in the Tamil language since the dawn of the Sangam Era in 600 BCE - a time widely considered to be when Tamil diverged from Dravidian to form its own language group.
This article lists a variety of works relating to sexual minorities that have been conducted in the Tamil language, and/or by people of Tamil ethnicity, and/or about works that play an exceptional role for Tamil people.
Tamil
Pre-Sangam
The folklore of Aravan
Sangam
The love story between King Pari and poet Kabila
Manimekalai
The bromance between Koperunchozhan and Pisuranthaiyar
Post-Colonial
The Last Pretense by Sarayu Srivatsa follows the story of Hindu boy Shiva and his adventure through sexual fluidity.
Unarvum Uruvamum (Feelings of the Entire Body) by A. Revathi is a collection of real-life stories of the people belonging to the Hijra community. It was during this process that she decided to come out with her own autobiography because she felt that she would be able to bring out the problems of her community through her life story. That's how the book 'The truth about me' was both, which was translated later in several Indian languages.
Maraikappatta Pakkangal (Hidden Pages) by Gopi Shankar Madurai is the first book on Gender-Variants and LGBTQIA community in Tamil.
Antharakanni Poems by Leena Manimekalai A Tamil version of openly bisexual Afro American poet June Jordan's cult verse 'About my rights'.
Madhorubagan by Perumal Murugan follows the story of a woman who seeks help from a transgender god in order to give birth to a child, which raised protests from religious groups due to its promotion of sexual promiscuity.
Balachandran Endra Peyarum Ennaku by Puliyur Murugesan is about a transgender person forced into a marriage against their will.
Oruvar matroruvar, a short story by Ambai, explores the relationship between two men.
Kaadu, a novel by Jeyamohan, portraits homosexual relation during the 1970s in rural India.
Gommorrah, a novel by Lakshmi Saravanakumar, follows Oedipus complex and Homosexuality
Naippoonaiyoor mazhaich chadangu, a short story by Ram Santhosh, explores bisexuality in the backdrop of fertility cult.
English
Funny Boy (1994)
Cinnamon Gardens (1998)
Swimming in the Monsoon Sea
The Hungry Ghosts
Feelings of the Entire Body
The Death of Vivek Oji by Akwaeke Emezi (2020)
Other Kama Sutra''
References
Tamil-language literature
LGBT literature in India
Tamil language-related lists
Juan Pablo Magallanes Moreno (born December 17, 1978) is a Mexican actor known for his appearances in different chapters of "La Rosa De Guadalupe" and "Mujer, Casos de la Vida Real"
Biography
Juan Pablo Magallanes Moreno was born in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora, Mexico. He studied architecture but his passion was acting, he graduated from the exclusive Televisa Acting School Centro de Educación Artística (CEA) and his first job was on the telenovela Mujeres engañadas
In 2001 he participated in the telenevola El Juego de la Vida, and a year later starred as 'Hugo Salcedo' in the teen drama Clase 406.
In 2003 he had a special participation in Velo de Novia, and in 2004 participated in Mujer de Madera.
He participated in the telenovela En Nombre Del Amor playing the role of 'Aaron Eugene Cortázar' in 2008, and a year later had some appearances on the hit telenovela Hasta Que El Dinero Nos Separe alongside Pedro Fernández and Itatí Cantoral.
In 2011 Emilio Larrosa invited him to join the cast of "Dos Hogares" in the role of Óscar Lagos.
Filmography
2001: El Juego de la Vida
2002: Clase 406 as Hugo Salcedo
2003: Velo de Novia as Raúl Paz
2003–2005: Mujer, Casos de la Vida Real
2004: Mujer de Madera as Valentin Calderón
2008: La Rosa De Guadalupe as Iván (Episode: "Aliviánate")
2008–2009: En Nombre del Amor as Aarón Eugenio Cortázar
2009: Hasta Que el Dinero Nos Separe as Sergio
2011: El Equipo as Javier Macedo
2011-2012: Dos Hogares as Óscar Lagos Urbina
2012 Como dice el dicho as Brandon
External links
http://www2.esmas.com/entretenimiento/biografias/294835/pablo-magallanes
http://televisa.esmas.com/entretenimiento/telenovelas/dos-hogares/fotos/conoce-mas-de-pablo-magallanes/29892
1978 births
Mexican male television actors
Mexican male telenovela actors
People from Ciudad Obregón
Male actors from Sonora
Living people
21st-century Mexican actors
The Westinghouse Air Brake Company General Office Building (known locally as The Castle or Library Hall) in Wilmerding, Pennsylvania is a building from 1890. It was listed on the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation in 1975, National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Originally built as an office building for the Westinghouse Air Brake Company, it housed the George Westinghouse Museum from 2006 to 2016. In 2016 it was sold to the Priory Hospitality Group with the intention of being developed into a boutique hotel. However, the 2020 global pandemic affected those plans and it was announced in November 2021 that the building will be used for an art academy and to house classrooms for a nearby high school.
Construction
Constructed by architect Frederick J. Osterling, the building has a four-sided clock tower, which was operated by a system of chains and pulleys. Additional designs and remodeling were done by Janssen & Cocken in 1927, which added the "Executive Wing", containing executive offices as well as conference and dining rooms.
The architectural style is a mix of Renaissance Revival and Romanesque. It was destroyed by a fire on 8 April 1896; the foundation, being made of brick, stone, and cement survived, however, and the structure was rebuilt upon the same foundation. It was during this reconstruction that the clock tower was added. At the time, the entire first floor was designed for employees' use, with accommodations such as a library, fully equipped gymnasium, restaurant, swimming pool, and bowling alleys. This brought the total area inside the building to .
The building also housed a boiler house and light station, that supplied both steam and power to the plant, as well as various businesses in the community, such as the Wilmerding YMCA.
Business history
This building contained the offices of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company for well over a century. The company was originally established by George Westinghouse in 1869. Westinghouse had developed many companies during this time of industrial growth at the beginning of the twentieth century. The Air Brake plant, that made for improved performance and increased speed on the nations railways, was moved to its new location in Wilmerding, Pennsylvania in 1889. Wilmerding is a small town about outside of Pittsburgh which, at the time, was only inhabited by about 5,000 people. Socialism was strong in Wilmerding and it was a peaceful non-violent farming borough. It was thought to be “The Ideal Town” for the company because of its location right along the Pennsylvania Railroad and its mainly blue collar inhabitants. The Air Brake Company employed 3,000 citizens from the surrounding Pittsburgh area, but its work force was composed almost entirely of individuals from Wilmerding.
The office buildings were used until the building was vacated in 1985. It was then donated to the American Production and Inventory Control Society. The Westinghouse Air Brake Company merged with MotivePower in 1999 to form Wabtec (). Wabtec still provides employment for more than 1,000 residents of the borough.
Effect on the community
When the Westinghouse Plant was also moved to Wilmerding, housing for the employees became hard to come by. In response to this, the Westinghouse Air Brake Home Building Company was formed in 1919 with $1,000,000 USD as startup capital. The 400 houses and large amounts of vacant land that were previously owned by the Westinghouse Air Brake Company were transferred to the new company. The new homes were specifically built with different variations to avoid the lack of variety commonly seen in industrial housing at the time. The Westinghouse Air Brake Home Building Company was so successful that within ten years, there were no vacant lots left on the southern side of Turtle Creek. The extensive town-building, employment, and prosperity that George Westinghouse brought to Wilmerding is still celebrated today in the community, with a festival called "George Westinghouse Days", which takes place in early June each year.
Inside The Castle
The building used to house The George Westinghouse Museum, a model train display, and a Depression glass room. In 2007, the artifacts that were in the Castle museum went to join the Heinz History Center. Since 2007, the Westinghouse Castle has gathered a collection of Westinghouse products and are now on display in their Westinghouse Museum room. The Westinghouse Castle was owned and operated from 2006 to 2016 by a non-profit organization, Wilmerding Renewed. Wilmerding Renewed rented out the property and provided tours of the building, but were not able to generate enough revenue to offset the high operating and maintenance costs.
In June 2016, the property was purchased by John Graf and the Priory Hospitality Group for $100,000 for development into a boutique hotel. The property again changed hands in September 2021 when it was purchased by Westinghouse Castle LP for $86,000.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Renaissance Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Romanesque Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Office buildings completed in 1890
Buildings and structures in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Defunct museums in Pennsylvania
History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
1890 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Ronald Edward Latham (1907–1992) was an English classicist best known for his translation of On the Nature of the Universe by Lucretius. He also translated The Travels of Marco Polo and Bede's 'Ecclesiastical History of the English People.
Education
Latham was educated at Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne and Balliol College, Oxford, where he read Literae humaniores.
Career
In 1934, he was appointed Assistant Keeper at the Public Record Office. His 1938 lectures at the Working Men's College were published in book form as In Quest of Civiliation (1946).
In 1968, he was appointed the first editor of the Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources. In 1977 he retired, and was succeeded by David Howlett.
Works
In quest of civilization. London: Jarrolds, 1946.
(tr.) Lucretius on the nature of the universe by Lucretius. Harmondsworth, England: Penguin, 1951.
(tr.) The travels of Marco Polo, the Venetian by Marco Polo. Harmondsworth, England: Penguin, 1958.
(ed.) Revised medieval Latin word-list from British and Irish sources. London: Published for the British Academy by the Oxford University Press, 1965
(tr.) Ecclesiastical history of the English people with Bede's letter to Egbert and Cuthbert's letter on the death of Bede.
References
1907 births
1992 deaths
English classical scholars
English translators
Latin–English translators
British medievalists
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
20th-century British translators
The Patikul massacre refers to an event that took place on October 10, 1977 in Patikul, Sulu province in the Philippines. Thirty-five officers and men of the Philippine Army were killed by elements of the Moro National Liberation Front under Usman Sali. Among the dead were Brigadier General Teodulfo Bautista, commanding general of the 1st Infantry Division, Adjutant General of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Col. Gabriel Pangilinan and four lieutenant colonels.
The massacre
Usman Sali, the leader of a group of MNLF rebels, had earlier agreed to meet with Gen. Bautista at the headquarters of the 1st Infantry "Tabak" Division in Jolo for a peace dialogue. At the last minute, Sali changed his mind and proposed to meet Gen. Bautista at a public market in Barangay Danag, Patikul. Bautista agreed and on the way to Patikul, was accompanied by Col. Gabriel Pangilinan, his classmate at the Philippine Military Academy. Earlier, Bautista had invited Fidel V. Ramos, then Chief of the Philippine Constabulary to join him but the latter demurred due to a previous engagement in Zamboanga City.
When the General and his troops arrived at the market aboard two army trucks, the place was deserted. Sali was not there to meet Bautista, so the General and his men sat down at a table to await his arrival. At that point gunfire broke out and Bautista and his men were mowed down. The bodies were later found to have sustained hack wounds. All of the Army soldiers died, except for a sergeant, the group's radioman, who survived by playing dead.
Although some reports indicate that Usman Sali died during subsequent government operations, others state that he escaped to Sabah, Malaysia after the incident.
Memorials
Then-president Ferdinand Marcos, in his eulogy to the fallen, stated that Gen. Bautista and his men were "killed with perfidy and treachery", and that the massacre "conclusively brands the MNLF as the violator of the ceasefire agreement".
In 2012, Bautista's son, then-Commanding General of the Philippine Army Emmanuel T. Bautista inaugurated a museum in Camp General Teodulfo Bautista in Barangay Busbus, Jolo. The Army camp is named in honor of his late father.
A stone memorial to those killed was restored in 2009 by the Philippine Marine Corps, Joint Special Operations Task Force-Philippines, and residents of Barangay Danag.
References
Massacres in the Philippines
Moro conflict
Rebellions in the Philippines
1977 in the Philippines
History of Sulu
Presidency of Ferdinand Marcos
Tryggve Mettinger (born 1940 in Helsingborg) is a retired professor of Hebrew Bible, at Lund University, Sweden, where he taught from 1978 to 2003.
Life and work
Between 1960 and 1978, Mettinger studied various theological and philological subjects such as Semitics, Egyptology and Assyriology, as well as Comparative Literature, at the Universities of Lund and Copenhagen, after which he earned his doctorate in 1971, worked as docent (Reader) of Old Testament exegesis and subsequently was appointed professor at Lund University, a capacity in which he served until his retirement in 2003. He has had visiting professor positions in the U.S., Israel, the Netherlands, and South Africa. He was awarded the Thuréus prize (humanities) 2008 by the Kungl. Vetenskaps-Societeten in Uppsala. Between 1978 and 2003, he was one of the editors of the monograph series Coniectanea Biblica, Old Testament Series. Mettinger served as an expert consultant for the official Swedish Bible translation committee, whose work led to the creation of the Bibel 2000 translation. He is a member of various learned societies, such as the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities, Stockholm and the (British) Society for Old Testament Study (honorary member). He has also been a guest lecturer at many universities and delivered papers at many conferences devoted to Old Testament study, Assyriology and Comparative Religion. He has described his epistemological attitude towards studying religious texts using the following words: "I try to draw a line [of demarcation] between what I believe I know as a scholar and what I know I believe as a Christian."
In 2011, the Festschrift Enigmas and Images was published in his honor. That volume also includes an almost complete bibliography of Mettinger's publications up to that point. Previously, another Festschrift dedicated to him was also published as a volume of Svensk Exegetisk Årsbok. In 2015, a volume collecting a number of his scholarly essays was published by Eisenbrauns under the title Reports from a Scholar's Life; the book also includes an English language version of Mettinger's farewell lecture when leaving his professorship at Lund University (a lecture that has given the book its title) — summarizing much of his scholarly career. The lecture can also be read online.
Bibliography
Solomonic State Officials. A Study of the Civil Government Officials of the Israelite Monarchy (1971)
King and Messiah. The Civil and Sacral Legitimation of the Israelite Kings(1976)
The Dethronement of Sabaoth: Studies in the Shem and Kabod Theologies by Tryggve Mettinger (1982)
A Farewell to the Servant Songs. A Critical Examination of an Exegetical Axiom (1983)
Eva och revbenet. Sex uppsatser om Gamla Testamentet
No Graven Image? Israelite Aniconism in Its Ancient Near Eastern Context (1995)
The riddle of resurrection by Tryggve N. D. Mettinger (2001)
In Search of God: The Meaning and Message of the Everlasting Names by Tryggve Mettinger, translated by Frederick H. Cryer (Jul 15, 2005)
The Eden Narrative: A literary and religio-historical study of Genesis 2-3, Winona Lake, IN (2007)
I begynnelsen. Hur skall vi förstå Bibelns tre första kapitel? Aspekter från astrofysik och exegetik(2011)
Reports from a Scholar's Life. Select Papers on the Hebrew Bible. Edited by Andrew Knapp (2015; collected essays).
Sångernas Sång. En mästares dikt om kärleken (2016)
Festschrift:
Göran Eidevall and Blazenka Scheuer (ed.), Enigmas and Images. Studies in Honor of Tryggve N.D. Mettinger (2011)
External link:
Mettinger's website -
www.tryggvemettinger.com
Sources
External links
Official website
Living people
Lund University faculty
Swedish biblical scholars
1940 births
Irish Transverse Mercator (ITM) is the geographic coordinate system for Ireland. It was implemented jointly by the Ordnance Survey Ireland (OSi) and the Ordnance Survey of Northern Ireland (OSNI) in 2001. The name is derived from the Transverse Mercator projection it uses and the fact that it is optimised for the island of Ireland.
History
The older Irish grid reference system required GPS measurements to be "translated" (using co-ordinate transformations). The more precise the GPS measurements were, the more the translation process introduced inaccuracies.
While the existing UTM co-ordinate system partly fulfilled the requirement for direct GPS compatibility it had some drawbacks, including varying levels of distortion across the island due to the central meridian being at the west coast of Ireland.
The new system needed to satisfy various criteria: GPS compatibility, map distortion for the whole island of Ireland had to be minimal, it was to be conformal and backward compatible with existing mapping. A customised Transverse Mercator projection was chosen.
ITM and the older more established Irish Grid will (initially at least) be used in parallel. As a result ITM coordinates had to be obviously different so users would not confuse the two. This was done by shifting the ITM false origin further into the Atlantic and thereby creating substantially different co-ordinate numbers for any given location.
While OSi and OSNI intend to supply map information in the older Irish Grid format into the future, the Irish Institution of Surveyors has recommended that ITM be adopted as soon as possible as the preferred official co-ordinate system for Ireland.
Examples
An ITM co-ordinate is generally given as a pair of two six-digit numbers (excluding any digits behind a decimal point which may be used in very precise surveying). The first number is always the easting and the second is the northing. The easting and northing are in metres from the false origin.
The ITM co-ordinate for the Spire of Dublin on O'Connell Street is:
715830, 734697
The first figure is the easting and means that the location is 715,830 metres east from the false origin (along the X axis). The second figure is the northing and puts the location 734,697 metres north of the false origin (along the Y axis)
The equivalent Irish Grid co-ordinate for the same location is:
315904, 234671
The Spire of Dublin example provides a fix for a location that is accurate to 1 metre. With ITM it is possible to give a more accurate co-ordinate for a given location by using a decimal point after the initial six figure easting and northings.
The ITM co-ordinate for the passive GPS station at the OSi office is:
E 709885.081m, N 736167.699m
This ITM co-ordinate has three digits behind the decimal point which gives a fix for a location with millimetre accuracy. Also notice how the easting in this example is indicated with an “E” and likewise an “N” for the northing. The fact that the co-ordinate is in metres is indicated by the lowercase m.
With ITM there is no provision for using myriad letters and truncated coordinates as there is with the Irish Grid.
Every co-ordinate must be given with at least a six-digit easting and northing from the false origin.
Comparison of ITM, Irish Grid and UTM
See also
ETRS89
GRS80
Spatial reference system
References
Irelands Surveying Infrastructure for the 21st Century by William Patrick Prendergast.
A New Coordinate System for Ireland-OSi
New Map Projections for Ireland-OSi
Coordinate Positioning Strategy-OSi
Map Projections
OSi Passive GPS station coordinates (If registration is required enter: ie@ie.ie for the email address and password for the password.)
External links
OSi
OSNI
Irish Institution of Surveyors
OSi: Migrating to ITM
Online converters
OSi Coordinate Converter Allows conversion between Irish Grid, ITM, UTM & ETRF89. (If registration is required enter: ie@ie.ie for the email address and password for the password.)
www.fieldenmaps.info Detailed converter: ITM, UTM, Irish Grid, War Office Irish Grid, Bonne Projection, Decimal/Deg. Min. Sec. Lat. Long. with multiple datums.
Ordnance Survey (UK) Coordinate Converter. Click on the ITM button to toggle between Irish Grid and ITM.
Geographic coordinate systems
Geography of Ireland
Land surveying systems
Maps from Ordnance Survey
Navigation
Surveying
Geodesy
The Wakhan Corridor (, ) is a narrow strip of territory in Afghanistan, extending to China and separating the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region of Tajikistan from the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan-administered Kashmir. From this high mountain valley the Panj and Pamir rivers emerge and form the Amu Darya. A trade route through the valley has been used by travellers going to and from East, South and Central Asia since antiquity.
The corridor was formed by an 1893 agreement between the British Empire (British India) and Afghanistan, creating the Durand Line. This narrow strip acted as a buffer zone between the Russian Empire and the British Empire (the regions of Russian Turkestan, now in Tajikistan, and the part of British India now in Pakistan and the contested region of Gilgit-Baltistan). Its eastern end bordered China's Xinjiang region, then ruled by the Qing dynasty.
Politically, the corridor is in the Wakhan District of Afghanistan's Badakhshan Province. As of 2010, the Wakhan Corridor had 12,000 inhabitants. The northern part of the Wakhan, populated by the Wakhi and Pamiri people, is also referred to as the Pamir.
Geography
The Wakhan Corridor forms the Salient of Afghanistan's Badakhshan Province. At its western entrance near the Afghan town of Ishkashim, the corridor is wide. The western third of the corridor varies from in width and widens to in the central Wakhan. At its eastern end, the corridor forks into two prongs that wrap around a salient of Chinese territory, forming the boundary between the two countries. The Wakhjir Pass, which is the easternmost point on the southeastern prong, is about from Ishkashim. The easternmost point of the northeastern prong is a nameless wilderness about from Ishkashim. On the Chinese side of the border is the Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
The northern border of the corridor is formed by the Pamir River and Lake Zorkul in the west and the high peaks of the Pamir Mountains in the east. To the north is Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous region. To the south, the corridor is bounded by the high mountains of the Hindu Kush and Karakoram. Along the southern flank of the corridor, there are two mountain passes that connect the corridor to its neighbours. The Broghol pass offers access to the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region of Pakistan, while the Irshad Pass connects the corridor to Gilgit Baltistan. The Dilisang Pass, which also connects to Gilgit-Baltistan, is disused. The easternmost pass, as indicated above, is the Wakhjir Pass, which connects to China and is the only border connection between that country and Afghanistan.
The corridor is higher in the east than in the west; (the Wakhjir Pass is in elevation) and descends to about at Ishkashim. The Wakhjir River emerges from an ice cave on the Afghan side of the Wakhjir Pass and flows west, joining the Bozai Darya near the village of Bozai Gumbaz to form the Wakhan River. The Wakhan River then joins the Pamir River near Kala-i-Panj to form the Panj River, which then flows out of the Wakhan Corridor at Ishkashim.
The Chinese consider Chalachigu Valley, the valley east of Wakhjir Pass on the Chinese side connecting Taghdumbash Pamir, to be part of the Wakhan Corridor. The high mountain valley is about long. This valley, through which the Tashkurgan River flows, is generally about wide and less than at its narrowest point. This entire valley on the Chinese side is closed to visitors; however, local residents and herders from the area are permitted access.
History
Although the terrain is extremely rugged, the Corridor was historically used as a trading route between Badakhshan and Yarkand. It appears that Marco Polo came this way. The Portuguese Jesuit priest Bento de Goes crossed from the Wakhan to China between 1602 and 1606. In May 1906, Sir Aurel Stein explored the Wakhan and reported that at that time, 100 pony loads of goods crossed annually to China. There were further crossings in 1874 by Captain T.E. Gordon of the British Army, in 1891 by Francis Younghusband, and in 1894 by Lord Curzon.
Early travellers used one of three routes:
A northern route led up the valley of the Pamir River to Zorkul Lake, then east through the mountains to the valley of the Bartang River, then across the Sarikol Range to China.
A southern route led up the valley of the Wakhan River to the Wakhjir Pass to China. This pass is closed for at least five months a year and is only open irregularly for the remainder.
A central route branched off the southern route through the Little Pamir to the Murghab River valley.
The corridor is in part a political creation from The Great Game between the United Kingdom and Russian Empire. In the north, an agreement between the empires in 1873 effectively split the historic region of Wakhan by making the Panj and Pamir Rivers the border between Afghanistan and the Russian Empire. In the south, the Durand Line agreement of 1893 marked the boundary between British India and Afghanistan. This left a narrow strip of land ruled by Afghanistan as a buffer between the two empires, which became known as the Wakhan Corridor in the 20th century.
The corridor has been closed to regular traffic for over a century and there is no modern road. There is a rough road from Ishkashim to Sarhad-e Broghil built in the 1960s, but only rough paths beyond. These paths run some from the road end to the Chinese border at Wakhjir Pass, and further to the far end of the Little Pamir.
Jacob Townsend has speculated on the possibility of drug smuggling from Afghanistan to China via the Wakhan Corridor and Wakhjir Pass, but concluded that due to the difficulties of travel and border crossings, it would be minor compared to that conducted via Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province or through Pakistan, both having much more accessible routes into China.
The remoteness of the region has meant that, despite the long-running wars of Afghanistan since the late 1970s, the region has remained virtually untouched by conflict and many locals, who are mostly composed of ethnic Pamir and Kyrgyz, are not aware of wars in the country.
The closure of the Afghan-Chinese border crossing at the Wakhjir Pass, on the east end of the Wakhan Corridor, has left the valley bereft of trade.
The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan asked the People's Republic of China on several occasions to open the border in the Wakhan Corridor for economic reasons or as an alternative supply route for fighting the Taliban insurgency. The Chinese resisted, largely due to unrest in its far western province of Xinjiang, which borders the corridor. , it was reported that the United States had asked China to open the corridor.
In July 2021, the area came under Taliban control for the first time during the group's summer offensive. It was reported that hundreds of ethnic Kyrgyz nomads along with their livestock attempted to flee north into Tajikistan.
See also
Wakhan
Wakhan District
Little Pamir
Great Pamir
Wakhjir Pass
Durand Line
Mount Imeon
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Stranded on the Roof of the World 2013 National Geographic Magazine article
CIA Relief Map
Wakhan Development Partnership, a project working to improve the lives of the people of Wakhan since 2003
We Took the Highroad in Afghanistan National Geographic November 1950 - Story of the first modern crossing of the Wakhan Corridor by Westerners.
A Short Walk in the Wakhan Corridor, article by Mark Jenkins in the November 2005 issue of Outside magazine
Wakhan & the Afghan Pamir - In the footsteps of Marco Polo - Brochure of the region by Aga Khan Foundation
Geography of Afghanistan
Sites along the Silk Road
Wakhan
Geopolitical corridors
Landforms of Badakhshan Province
hi:वाख़ान गलियारा
Baia de Fier is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Baia de Fier and Cernădia. It is traversed by the river Pârâul Galben; to the east flows the river Olteț. Peștera Muierilor (women's cave) is located here.
Baia de Fier is a sister city to Boccioleto, Italy since 2007.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
This is a list of buildings in Ringsted Municipality, Denmark.
The list
4100 Ringsted
4174 Jystrup Midtsj
See also
List of churches in Ringsted Municipality
References
External links
Danish Agency of Culture Ref
Ringsted
Government Offices Great George Street (GOGGS) is a large UK government office building situated in Westminster between Horse Guards Road, Great George Street, Parliament Street, King Charles Street and Parliament Square. The western end of the building, on Horse Guards Road, is known as 1 Horse Guards Road (1HGR). The Parliament Street end is referred to as 100 Parliament Street (100PS).
History
GOGGS was designed by John Brydon following a competition in 1898. Construction took place in two phases: the East end was completed in 1908 and the West end was completed in 1917. It was originally built as offices for the Board of Education, the Local Government Board and the local Ministry of Works Office; HM Treasury moved into the building in 1940.
A major refurbishment of the building was procured under a Private Finance Initiative contract in 2000. The works, which were designed by Foster and Partners together with Feilden and Mawson and carried out by Bovis Lend Lease at a cost of £140 million, were completed in 2002. The refurbishment of 1 Horse Guards Road added floor space which allowed the entire Treasury staff to be housed in the same building for the first time for some 50 years.
By the end of 2004 HM Revenue and Customs was relocated into 100 Parliament Street from Somerset House. In 2013 the Northern Ireland Office and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport moved into 1 Horse Guards Road and 100 Parliament Street respectively.
Description
The western end of the building, on Horse Guards Road, is known as 1 Horse Guards Road (1HGR) and is occupied by HM Treasury, UK Export Finance, Government Internal Audit Agency, Office of the Leader of the House of Commons, Office of the Leader of the House of Lords and parts of the Cabinet Office.
The headquarters of HM Revenue and Customs and the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport occupy the Parliament Street end, referred to as 100 Parliament Street (100PS).
The basement houses the Churchill War Rooms, a branch of the Imperial War Museum. Civil servants working in the building are entitled to visit the War Rooms for free.
GOGGS is listed Grade II* on the National Heritage List for England, meaning it is of "exceptional interest and of outstanding importance". It was described by the Victorian Society as an early monument of the Edwardian Baroque Revival.
Popular culture
An aerial shot of the building is used in the TV series Spooks to accompany a sub-title portraying it as the Home Office – therefore serving as stand-in to match the distinctly period appearance of the fictitious Home Office accommodation interiors the series uses, rather than the far more modern real Home Office headquarters at 2 Marsham Street.
The character James Bond is seen in a courtyard of GOGGS in the movie Spectre. The building serves as MI6 headquarters after a terrorist attack on the SIS Building in Skyfall.
The GOGGS central circular courtyard and King Charles Street outside were used as the start of a London streetrace in Fast & Furious 6.
The GOGGS King Charles Street facade and central circular courtyard were used in The Darkest Hour showing the character Elizabeth Layton entering the War Rooms for the first time. Later in the film GOGGS is shown in an aerial shot.
References
Edwardian architecture in London
Government buildings completed in 1917
Grade II* listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Grade II* listed government buildings
National government buildings in London
Office buildings completed in 1917
Whitehall
Philip H. Murray (1842 – February 17, 1917) was an abolitionist, journalist, phrenologist, and civil rights activist who spent most of his career in St. Louis, Missouri. He grew up in Reading, Pennsylvania, where he participated in the abolitionist movement in that region. During the US Civil War he continued his work and served as a recruiting officer to help enlist blacks into the Union Army. After the war, he focused on journalism. In 1867, he established the first black newspaper in Kentucky, The Colored Kentuckian. He later moved to St. Louis where he continued to work in journalism and as an advocate for black education and civil rights. He was also the president of the first Negro Press Association.
Early life
Philip Houston Murray (or Murry) was born in Reading, Pennsylvania in 1842. His parents were Samuel and Sarah Murray. His father was born a slave in Kent County, Maryland, on the Eastern Shore of that state. His mother was mixed black, Native American, and Irish. His mothers paternal grandfather reportedly was half African American and half Native American and paid for a woman to be brought from Ireland and made his wife. Philip's father considered schools for black children to be poor and Philip was only permitted to attend school for a week before he was put under private education by Father Patrick Keevil, a graduate of Minonth College, England. By the age of fifteen, Murray began to study physiology and the physical brain, which would influence his later work in phrenology.
Philip had 13 brothers and sisters.
Civil War
Before the American Civil War, Murray became involved in abolitionism and worked with many abolitionists of the era. He also delivered a series of well-received lectures on "Cerebral Physiology" throughout New England and was an active practitioner of phrenology. During the civil war, he spent some time travelling in the South and working as a correspondent for northern newspapers. He endeavored to organize a company to join the Union Army when General Robert E. Lee's Confederate forces invaded Pennsylvania, but was refused by Governor Andrew Gregg Curtin. In 1864, he was a delegate to the convention at Syracuse, New York, and was chosen chairman of the Pennsylvania delegation. That meeting was an important early meeting of the Colored Conventions Movement. He later did serve as a recruiting officer helping to enlist black soldiers.
Threats of violence
After the war, Murray frequently gave speeches in the upper South on black education and progress. He also spoke out against the treatment of blacks in the South by former Confederates immediately after the Civil War. He was frequently threatened by whites in the South for his speeches. On September 30, 1865, he had to flee a mob attack immediately before he was to give a speech at a meeting of black people in Franklin, Tennessee. On May 11, 1867, Murray together with James Mullins, G. W. Peabody, and a Captain Garner gathered to give speeches in Pulaski, Tennessee. Murray's speech was reported to have elicited a mob against him that night, which was halted only by a large guard posted outside of Murray's room, although this was denied a week later in the Pulaski Citizen.
Journalism and career
Murray continued to work in the newspaper business. Together with John Patterson Sampson and a Dr. Butler, he published the first black newspaper in Kentucky, The Colored Kentuckian in March 1867 in Louisville. In 1872, he published a paper called, Colored Citizen at Washington, DC. At about that time he held the position of inspector of public improvements under a board of public improvements.
Outside of journalism, he also worked as a teacher. During his life he taught school in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Virginia, and Missouri. In 1876 he attended a convention of teachers at Jefferson City, Missouri, and was influenced to work to help hire black teachers and establishing black schools in St. Louis and throughout Missouri. He moved to Missouri that year and served under Chauncey Ives Filley in the Money Order Department of the Post Office and also worked for some time in the Comptrollers Office. He immediately started to fight to establish black schools and employ black teachers.
He continued his journalism work in St. Louis as a writer for The Truth, which he purchased in 1881 and changed the name to The Advance. The paper was published until about 1916. In 1879, he organized the St. Louis Colored Men's Land Association. In 1881, he was chairman of the Afro-American Press Association. Murray died in 1917, and in the last year of his life he was an editorial writer on the staff of the St. Louis Argus.
He also served as a delegate to state and national conventions of colored people, and together with Walter M. Farmer and Rev. J. H. Odin and with the support of Ida B. Wells, he started an Anti-Lynching Society in St. Louis in 1895.
Later life
Murray was married and had one son and three daughters. His wife died in about 1897. Murray died on February 14, 1917, after suffering for many years of asthma. His funeral was at St. Paul Chapel in St. Louis.
References
1842 births
1917 deaths
African-American abolitionists
Writers from Reading, Pennsylvania
Writers from Louisville, Kentucky
Writers from St. Louis
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
African Americans in the American Civil War
19th-century African-American activists
19th-century African-American writers
American anti-lynching activists
20th-century African-American people
Christian DuVal Nesmith (born January 31, 1965) is an American musician from Los Angeles, California, and the eldest son of Michael Nesmith of the Monkees and Phyllis Gibson.
Nesmith has worked with his father (on the album The Garden), Michael Sherwood (on Tangletown, and in the band GLP), Ty Tabor (backing vocals on 2002's Safety) and Doug Pinnick of King's X (touring band from 1998), and formerly, Cindy Alexander. He played in the band Chodle's Trunk, with drummer Nick Menza of Megadeth and guitarist Anthony Gallo, as well as playing on a track for Menza's Life After Deth album.
He also co-writes, produces, and plays guitar on recordings for his wife, Americana musician Circe Link (Let's Go Together, 2003; One Drop of Poison, 2004; Live in Japan, 2006; Moody Girl, 2006; Vonnegut's Wife, 2011; California Kid, 2011; Dumb Luck, 2013; Bird's Amazing Odyssey & The Meaning of Tea, 2015).
In 2006, Nesmith released a solo album, An Axe to Grind, on Blackwings Multimedia.
In 2007, he was the musical director of Hair at The Met Theatre in Los Angeles, produced by Michael Butler and directed by Bo Crowell. The production won The Best Musical Award of 2007 from the LA Weekly.
He has also toured with Air Supply as a lead guitarist.
Between 2012 and 2021, he toured with his father for the Monkees' reunion tours and contributed to the Monkees' Christmas album Christmas Party. Along with his brother Jonathan, and Circe Link, he is a member of a new lineup of The First National Band that has toured since 2018.
In 2021, he produced the album Dolenz Sings Nesmith, a collection of songs written by his father and performed by Micky Dolenz.
He resides in Los Angeles.
References
External links
Official website
MySpace page
All Music Guide
Living people
1965 births
Guitarists from Los Angeles
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Michael Nesmith
CICATA Querétaro is the Research Center for Applied Science and Advance Technology of the National Polytechnic Institute (IPN) located in Querétaro. It was established on June 30, 2005, by an agreement of the IPN Consultive General Council. Although, it started to operate as an independent academic unit in 2001, when Adrián García García was appointed Acting Director. Its current building was inaugurated on November 6, 2006. On January 1, 2008, its master and doctor degree programs were certified by the National Research Council for Science and Technology (CONACYT).
History
At the beginning, CICATA Querétaro was one of the five different units that CICATA had around the country. Then, on June 30, 2005, it was declared a Responsible Unit. However, since 2001, Adrian García was serving as its Acting Director. CICATA Querétaro current facilities were inaugurated on November 6, 2006. Before that, CICATA Querétaro has been renting facilities.
Educational Services
Currently, CICATA Querétaro offers a master and a doctor degree programs. Both of them are certified by the CONACYT. The master's degree program at Consolidated level and the doctor one at In Development level.
Research
CICATA Querétaro has 18 members of the National Research System of CONACYT.
Liaison
Although its liaison is established using regular transactional agreements. A distinctive framework is given by what it has been called the Posgrado Pertinente. Here, the productive sector declare specific research needs that are worked out by students and professors, working toward the students degrees. The organization that declares the need is included in the Tutorial Committee that advise the student on his/her research trajectory. When there is a product coming out of the research, a commercial relationship is established between the research center and the company to transfer the technology
References
Instituto Politécnico Nacional
The Owen Sound NorthStars are a Canadian Senior box lacrosse team. The team played in the City of Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada and participate in the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League. As the Woodsmen they were two-time Presidents Cup National Champions, two-time National Silver Medalists, two-time National Bronze Medalists, and seven-time Ontario Lacrosse Association Senior B Champions.
History
Founded in 2001, the Woodsmen follow the Owen Sound lacrosse tradition laid down by the 1951 Mann Cup Champion Owen Sound Crescents and the four-time Presidents Cup champion Owen Sound North Stars.
Their first season was a success from the get-go. After coming in second overall in the regular season, the Woodsmen ended up winning the Playoff Championship in only their first season. The Woodsmen went to the Presidents Cup tournament as the Ontario representative and finished with the bronze medal.
In 2002, the Woodsmen again finished in second place with only three losses. In the playoffs, the Woodsmen won the playoffs for the second straight year and made their second appearance at the Presidents Cup but did not place.
The 2003 season saw the Woodsmen finish first overall in the OLA and win their third straight playoff championship. At their third straight Presidents Cup, the Woodsmen made it to the tournament final for the first time only to lose to the team they beat in the OLA final, the Kitchener-Waterloo Kodiaks.
In 2004, the Woodsmen made the OLA Finals for the fourth straight year after a stellar regular season in which they only lost once in sixteen games. This year they met the upstart Barrie Lakeshores who shocked the three-time champions and won the league title. Barrie was promoted to Major Series Lacrosse the next season.
The Owen Sound Woodsmen hosted the 2007 Presidents Cup tournament. Despite a mediocre regular season in 2007, the Woodsmen made the right changes and went into the playoffs on a roll. In the quarter-final round robin, the Woodsmen finished with a record of three wins and one loss against the Brooklin Merchants and Norwood Nitro. In the league semi-final, the Woodsmen then beat the Merchants 2-games-to-none. In the final, the Woodsmen were up against the Ajax-Pickering Rock, whom they defeated 3-games-to-none to win their fourth OLA championship. At the Presidents Cup, the Woodsmen were shocked right out the door by the Ladner Pioneers of British Columbia 11-9. The next night, the Woodsmen redeemed themselves by destroying the LaSalle Brasseurs of Quebec 18-3. The next night, Owen Sound took on and defeated the Six Nations Sting of the Can-Am Senior B Lacrosse League 9-5. In the final game of the round robin, the Woodsmen drew the Sherwood Park Outlaws of the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League and lost to them 10-9. Because of the loss, the 2-2 Woodsmen drew the Outlaws for the second straight night for the tournament semi-final. With this chance at revenge and a birth into the National Final, the Woodsmen fell short and again lost to the Outlaws 10-9. The loss allowed for a rematch of Owen Sound and Ladner for the National bronze medal match. This time the Woodsmen got the upper hand and defeated the Pioneers 9-7 to win their third Presidents Cup medal.
In 2008, the defending league champions finished the regular season in second place with an 8-6-0 record. In the league quarter-finals they defeated the Mohawks Stars 2-games-to-none with 17-4 and 16-11 wins. In the semi-finals, the Woodsmen defeated the Centre-Wellington Aces 3-games-to-1, losing games one 6-4 then sweeping the next three 7-4, 5-3, 10-8. In the league final, the Woodsmen swept the Brooklin Merchants 3-games-to-none with 10-5, 10-6, and 10-7 victories. Next Owen Sound traveled to Sherwood Park, Alberta for the 2008 Presidents Cup. In the first game, they defeated the Airdrie Knights of the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League 8-5. In game two, the Woodsmen defeated the host Sherwood Park Outlaws 11-5. Then Owen Sound defeated the Tri-City Bandits of the West Coast Senior Lacrosse Association 8-4 to clinch first place in the round robin. In the semi-final, the Woodsmen drew Tri-City again and routed them 11-2. In the finals, something the Woodsmen had never won in their eight-year history, Owen Sound defeated Sherwood Park 11-5 to clinch their first National championship. This marks Owen Sound's first Presidents Cup since the Owen Sound North Stars won it in 1991.
The 2009 season brought more good fortune on the Woodsmen. After finishing first in the OLA with a 15-1-0 record, the Woodmen faced the Brooklin Merchants in the first round of the playoffs. The Woodies swept the Merchants 3-games-to-none to advance to the league final. In the finals, the Woodies swept the Peterborough-Norwood Nitros 3-games-to-none to win the Clare Levack Memorial Trophy for the third consecutive time and the sixth time since their first season. The Woodies headed off to Ohsweken, Ontario for the 2009 Presidents Cup. In the first game, the Woodies smoked the Okotoks Ascent Raiders of the RMLL 16-7. They then beat the host Six Nations Sting of the Can-Am Senior B Lacrosse League 15-6. In the third game, the Woodies clinched the first seed in their tournament division with a 10-5 win over the West Coast Senior Lacrosse Association's Tri-City Bandits. The Woodies did not play many of their starters in a throw away fourth game of the round robin, and lost to the Niagara Hawks of the Can-Am League 14-12. Finishing first overall, the Woodies met Six Nations in the semi-final, defeating them 14-6 to make the final. In the finals, the Woodies met Tri-City again. After taking a 7-2 lead in the first, the Woodies cruised to an 11-5 win to take their second straight Presidents Cup as National Champions.
The team changed their name to the NorthStars, in honour of the Owen Sound North Stars, in the fall of 2011.
Season-by-season results
Presidents Cup results
See also
OLA Senior B Lacrosse League
Presidents Cup (box lacrosse)
References
External links
Owen Sound NorthStars website
Ontario Lacrosse Association teams
Sport in Owen Sound
Kati Wolf (born 24 September 1974) is a Hungarian singer. Wolf represented Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "What About My Dreams?".
At the age of seven, Wolf sang the title track for the popular Hungarian cartoon Vuk. Besides singing, she also took piano and jazz dance classes. After her graduation as solfège teacher, chorus master at the Hungarian Music Academy, she worked with numerous bands in different genres. Her breakthrough came in 2010 as a finalist of the Hungarian version of the talent show X-Faktor. Prior to X-Faktor she worked as an airline purser.
On 10 December 2014, it was announced that Wolf would take part in A Dal, the national selection implemented the year after she participated, with the song "Ne engedj el!" in hopes of representing Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015. She was previously a judge in the 2012 edition of the national final. Kati got to the final, but did not qualify for the superfinal.
Discography
Albums
Wolf-áramlat (2009)
Az első X — 10 dal az élő showból (2011)
Vár a holnap (2011)
Charted singles
Other single releases
"Vuk dala" (1981)
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Szentendre
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2011
21st-century Hungarian women singers
The X Factor contestants
Flight attendants
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Hungary
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a back row forward.
In his home country he plays for the NEC Green Rockets whom he joined in 2011. He was also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season.
References
1987 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Green Rockets Tokatsu players
People from Nagano Prefecture
Sunwolves players
Japan international rugby union players
Gwiezdny cyrk is a television show on the Polish television network Polsat. It was broadcast by Polsat. Agnieszka Popielewicz and Zygmunt Chajzer as the hosts, and the judges were: Maryla Rodowicz, Przemysław Saleta, Ewa Zalewska, Piotr Bałtroczyk.
I season
Scores
2008 Polish television series debuts
2008 Polish television series endings
Polish reality television series
Polsat original programming
The following is a list of rulers of the Jolof Empire. The Jolof Empire (French language – Diolof or Djolof) was a West African state that ruled parts of Senegal and The Gambia from 1360 to 1890.
The rulers were known as "Buur-ba Jolof". Their surnames were Njie (or Ndiaye).
Rulers of the Jolof Empire
Names and dates taken from John Stewart's African States and Rulers (1989).
Jolof became part of the Senegal Colony in 1889.
References
See also
History of The Gambia
History of Senegal
Jolof Empire
History of Senegal
History of the Gambia
Wolof
Opisthotropis alcalai, Gary's mountain keelback , is a species of natricine snake found in the Philippines.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1961
Reptiles of the Philippines
Taxa named by Walter Creighton Brown
Taxa named by Alan E. Leviton
The Ordem dos Biólogos (OdB) is a professional body for biologists, primarily those working in Portugal. The Ordem dos Biólogos is headquartered in Lisbon, and has regional branches in several other cities across Portugal. It was founded on 4 July 1998 by the Decree-Law 183/98. Any citizen with accredited degree and professional activity in biology (or other specific related fields covered by its statutes) within Portugal, is required by law to be affiliated with the Ordem dos Biólogos.
History
The Ordem dos Biólogos is the successor of the Associação Portuguesa de Biólogos (APB) founded on 20 April 1987.
Role of the Ordem dos Biólogos
As the professional body representing biologists, the Ordem dos Biólogos is frequently consulted on biological issues by the Portuguese Government, Parliament of Portugal, higher education institutions, industry and other organisations.
Membership
There are several grades of membership, depending upon biological qualifications and experience. The main requirements include high level of attainment in biological experience, personal integrity, professional attributes and academic qualifications. In addition, there are student and associate membership grades.
The Member grade is the main professional grade. Members are professional biologists with a standard of academic attainment equivalent to the bachelor's degree (Portugal's licenciatura) level in biological science and with post-graduate responsible experience in biological research or in the teaching or application of biological science. Members are entitled to use the professional title Biologist or related titles like Bioscientist or Biotechnologist.
Fellowship
Fellowship of the Ordem dos Biólogos is the senior professional grade. Bioscientists who have achieved distinction in biological research or the teaching or application of biological science are eligible.
Specialized societies
The Ordem dos Biólogos has four specialized professional biologists' societies divided in four major fields: environment, biotechnology, education, and human biology and health.
Colégio do Ambiente
Colégio da Biotecnologia
Colégio da Educação
Colégio da Biologia Humana e Saúde
The main structure also includes the Professional and Deontological Council.
Notable members
Maria de Jesus Silva Fernandes (president), Jorge Araújo, Maria Amélia Loução
See also
Ordem dos Advogados
Ordem dos Engenheiros
Ordem dos Médicos
References
External links
Ordem dos Biólogos
Ordem dos Biólogos on Facebook
Biology organizations
Professional associations based in Portugal
The Pacific spadenose shark (Scoliodon macrorhynchos) is a species of requiem shark, in the family Carcharhinidae. It was once regarded as conspecific to the spadenose shark (S. laticaudus).
Virology
Pacific spadenose sharks are identified as hosts of the Flavivirus Wenzhou shark flavivirus. While currently unknown if Wenzhou shark flavivirus causes disease in infected shark hosts, it is thought that the virus moves horizontally from the gazami crab Portunus trituberculatus to shark hosts in a manner similar to other Flavivirus infections such as Dengue virus, which cycle horizontally between arthropod (mosquito) and vertebrate hosts.
References
Scoliodon
Fish described in 1852
Cdr. (born in 1890 - died 2 May 1943) was a Japanese naval officer, commander of the Yokosuka 6th SNLF (from No.6 Base Force, in Kwajalein).
He was in command during the Japanese occupation of the Gilbert Islands in Betio, Tarawa, from September 1942 to 22 February 1943, after the US Raid on Makin Island. Because of the distance between Kwajalein and Tarawa (580 nautical miles), on 15 February 1943, the Gilbert Islands, Ocean Island, and Nauru were removed from the 6th Base Force in Kwajalein. They were replaced under a new 3rd Special Base Force with headquarters in Betio, and Admiral replaced Matsuo. Following the loss of his command, Matsuo performed seppuku on 2 May 1943.
Reference
1890 births
1943 deaths
Suicides by seppuku
Battle of Tarawa
Imperial Japanese Navy officers
Imperial Japanese Navy personnel of World War II
Japanese military personnel who committed suicide
This article includes the ISSF World Shooting Championships medal tables of currently discontinued shooting events. The events that International Shooting Sport Federation presently includes in World Championships and Olympic Games are listed in ISSF shooting events article.
300 metres free rifle prone 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1897-1986.
300 metres free rifle prone 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937-1986.
300 metre free rifles standing 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1897-1990.
300 metre free rifles standing 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937-1990.
300 metre free rifles kneeling 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1897-1990.
300 metre free rifles kneeling 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937-1990.
300 metre army rifle prone, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1911-1939.
300 metre army rifle prone, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937.
300 metre army rifle standing, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1911-1939.
300 metre army rifles standing, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937.
300 metre army rifle kneeling, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1911-1939.
300 metre army rifles kneeling, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1937.
300 metre army rifles 3X40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1939.
300 metre army rifles 3X30 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1911.
300 metre army rifles 3X20 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1912-1939.
300 metre army rifles 3X20 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1935-1939.
300 metre army rifle 30 fast shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1962.
300 metre army rifle URS-system, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1958.
300 metre army rifle URS-system, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1958.
300 metre army rifle ARG-system, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1949.
300 metre army rifle ARG-system, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1949.
300 metre armies rifle 50 rapid fire shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1947.
300 metre armies rifle 50 rapid fire shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1947.
100 metre and 200 metre free rifle prone 60 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1931.
50 yards and 100 yards rifle prone 30+30 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1947-1958.
50 yards and 100 yards rifle prone 30+30 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1947-1958.
50 metre free rifle prone 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1970.
50 metre free rifle prone 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1958.
50 metre free rifle standing 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1990.
50 metre free rifle standing 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1990.
50 metre free rifle kneeling 40 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1930-1990.
50 metre free rifle kneeling 40 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1930-1990.
50 metre standard rifle 3X20 shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1966-1974.
50 metre standard rifle 3X20 shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1966-1974.
100 metre running deer single shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1962.
100 metre running deer single shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1962.
100 metre running deer double shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1962.
100 metre running deer double shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1929-1962.
100 metre running deer single shots and double shots, men
This event was held at World Championships in 1949.
100 metre running deer single shots and double shots, men team
This event was held at World Championships in 1949.
50 yards and 100 yards rifle prone 30+30 shots, women
This event was held at World Championships in 1958.
50 metre free rifle 3X30 shots, women
This event was held at World Championships in 1958-1962.
50 metre free rifle 3X30 shots, women team
This event was held at World Championships in 1958.
50 metre free rifle prone, women
This event was held at World Championships in 1962.
25 metre standard pistol, women
This event was held at World Championships in 1970.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in shooting
ISSF Olympic skeet
ISSF Olympic trap
List of medalists at the European Shooting Championships
List of medalists at the European Shotgun Championships
References
External links
ISSF official website
WCH medallists, discontinued events (ISSF website)
Shooting
Francesco Dentice (died 1505) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop-elect of Cariati e Cerenzia (1504–1505).
Biography
On 7 Mar 1504, Francesco Dentice was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Cariati e Cerenzia.
He died in 1505 before he was consecrated.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
1505 deaths
Bittering is a hamlet in the county of Norfolk, England, now in the civil parish of Beeston with Bittering. It lies west of East Dereham and south of Fakenham.
The area was formerly Little Bittering parish, which was annexed to the neighbouring Beeston.
The mediaeval church of St Peter is a Grade II* listed building.
References
Notes
Francis White, History, Gazetteer, and Directory, of Norfolk (1845, reprinted 1969) pp. 327–329
External links
Villages in Norfolk
Breckland District
Pierrette Venne (born 8 August 1945 in Beauharnois, Quebec) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 2003. By career, she is a lawyer.
Venne was elected in the Saint-Hubert electoral district as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1988 general election. The riding had been created from a restructuring of two ridings. She was re-elected in Saint-Hubert in the 1993 general election, and was also re-elected in 1997 and 2000 when the riding was renamed Saint-Bruno—Saint-Hubert. Her term of office would cover the 34th, 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
She left the Conservatives to join the Bloc Québécois party on 12 August 1991. On 7 February 2003 she was ejected from the Bloc after she made critical comments about party leader Gilles Duceppe. Venne remained in Parliament until the end of her term after which she left politics.
Electoral record
External links
CBC News: "BQ expels Venne for criticizing Duceppe", 6 February 2003, retrieved 13 July 2006
1945 births
Living people
Bloc Québécois MPs
Independent MPs in the Canadian House of Commons
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
Women members of the House of Commons of Canada
Women in Quebec politics
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Shanxi Lu'an Environmental Energy () is a Chinese company engaged in the mining, processing, and distribution of coal. Chiefly, the company produces for sale coke and refined coal. The company is headquartered in , Xiangyuan County, Changzhi, Shanxi, and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
History
Shanxi Lu'an Environmental Energy was founded on July 19, 2001.
The company was listed on the Shanghai Stock exchange on September 22, 2006 as ticker 601699.
October 2020 mine accident
On October 20, a gas explosion at a coal mine in Shanxi operated by Shanxi Lu'an Environmental Energy occurred, killing four people and injuring an additional person.
References
Coal companies of China
Companies based in Shanxi
Changzhi
Companies listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
The Karelian United Government (Karjalan keskushallitus) was a short-lived state that existed from 1920 to 1923, as a merger of the Republic of Uhtua and the Olonets Government of Southern Karelia.
History
On 20 December 1920, the Karelian United Government formed in exile in Finland as a merger of the Uhtua Government and the Olonets Government of Southern Karelia. 11 days later, on 31 December, Finland ceded Repola and Porajärvi to the Russian Soviet Socialist Republic.
On 21 April 1921, the Republic of Eastern Karelia (Itä Karjala) was declared independent. Between October 1921 and February 1922 Karelian military troops, supported by the KUG, moved from Finnish territory into Eastern Karelia.
From December 1922 until February 1923 East Karelia was occupied by the Soviet Union.
On 23 July 1923, the Permanent Court of Arbitration refused to state an advisory opinion on the status of Karelia regarding the Treaty of Tartu. Later that year the exile government was dissolved.
References
States and territories established in 1920
States and territories disestablished in 1923
Karelia
History of Karelia
1920s in Finland
Russian Civil War
Mayday is a 2005 American made-for-television thriller film based on the 1979 novel by American author Thomas Block. The novel was updated in 1998 by authors Thomas Block and Nelson DeMille and re-released as a paperback. The film was directed by T. J. Scott and stars Aidan Quinn, Gail O'Grady, Dean Cain, Charles Dutton, Michael Murphy and Kelly Hu. It aired on CBS in the United States on October 2, 2005.
Plot
A state-of-the-art supersonic passenger jet is flying from San Francisco to Tokyo. At 12 miles () above the Pacific Ocean, the Pacific Global Flight 52 is struck by an errant U.S. Navy missile that cripples the aircraft. The missile has killed the flight crew, and left almost all of the other crew and most of the passengers dead, near death, or psychologically deranged.
A handful of survivors on the airliner must now have to achieve the impossible: to land the aircraft despite weather, intrigues and technical problems. While terror and hysteria begin to increase for those on board, John Berry (Aidan Quinn), a weekend pilot is forced to take control of the airliner and navigate it to safety. Meanwhile, the U.S. military, Anne Metz (Gail O'Grady), a representative from the insurance company and executives from the Pacific Global Airline are all working to keep the incident a secret. U.S. Navy Commander James Sloan (Dean Cain) sends Lt. Peter Matos (James Thomas) to destroy the crippled airliner, but the pilot disobeys his orders.
U.S. Navy Admiral Randolf Hennings (Charles S. Dutton) also defies his superiors and pledges to tell the true story of the accident in his report to the Pentagon. Berry and flight attendant Sharon Crandall (Kelly Hu) survive another attempt to down the aircraft and eventually manage to control the stricken airliner and bring it back to a safe landing in San Francisco.
Cast
Aidan Quinn as John Berry
Dean Cain as Commander James Sloan
Kelly Hu as Sharon Crandall
Charles S. Dutton as Admiral Randolf Hennings
Michael Murphy as Captain Randall Williams
Gail O'Grady as Anne Metz
Sasha Roiz as Wayne Johnson
Richard FitzPatrick as Jack Miller
Tamara Hope as Linda Farley
Gabriel Hogan as Daniel McVary
Victoria Pratt as Simms
Ron Lea as Harold Stein
Matt Aquin as David Henderson
Martin Roach as Carl Fessell
Matt Gordon as Carson Evans
Carin Moffat as Lieutenant Robin Ballantine
Richard Yearwood as Ensign Kyle Eggers
Michael McLachlan as Ensign Sam Nichols
Sarah Orenstein as Amy Stein
Charlotte Corbeil-Coleman as Erica Stein
Deborah Odell as Rahcel Seymour
Jonas Chernick as Mickey King
Vick Sahay as Talk Ito
Mike Realba as Stuart Henderson
Jonathan Keltz as Dough Berry
Karen Robinson as Marlene Cobb
Darren Hynes as Barry Townley Freeman
Leigh Bianco as Barabara
James Thomas as Lieutenant Peter Matos
Katie Bergin as Lieutenant Owen
Brian Kaulback as Ground Controller
Bryon Mumford as Paramedic
Jane Luk as Attendant
Production
Originally developed with TNT Network for the 2003-2004 season, the Mayday project was picked up for production for the 2005-2006 CBS season. Principal photography took place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Chautauqua Entertainment and the Jerry Leider Co. in association with Paramount Network TV, at the Toronto Film Studios. Filming took place from July 9, 2005 with shooting completed on August 6, 2005.
Reception
Mayday was reviewed by Brian Lowry for Variety; he said: "Although "Mayday" is based on a bestselling novel, it's hard to escape the distracting sense that it feels like a sober-minded update of "Airplane!," what with a weekend pilot and attractive stewardess forced to land a wounded plane filled with incapacitated passengers."
References
External links
2005 television films
2005 films
2005 thriller films
American thriller films
Films directed by T. J. Scott
Films scored by Sean Callery
Films shot in Toronto
Films about aviation accidents or incidents
American aviation films
Films based on American novels
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Katzarah Dam is a proposed dam located near Shyok, Shigar River, and Indus rivers in Pakistan. If built it would be Pakistans the largest dam.
Site
The dam site is about 18 km downstream of Skardu, Pakistan and would create storage in three gorges.
Storage and power
Katzarah dam would create a reservoir up to 35 maf, the largest in Pakistan and six times larger than Kalabagh or Basha. The largest reservoir is Kariba Dam lake which is 150 maf. It would be able to generate about 15,000 MW of power.
History
WAPDA Engineer Fateh Ullah discovered the dam site in 1957 by looking at the GTS maps later on he prepared a pre-feasibility report in April 1962. President Muhammad Ayub Khan requested the World Bank to send its experts to identify dam sites in Pakistan and other water resources projects. In 1968, Dr Pieter Lieftnick of the World Bank and his team identified Katzarah dam site near Skardu among others and called it Skardu dam.
Confusion is being created by calling Katzarah as Skardu, the two different dam sites namely Katzarah and Skardu are 22 km apart. Therefore, both cannot be called Skardu. The World Bank Team fixes the site for Skardu Dam on the upstream of Skardu town. It is immediately located on the downstream of the confluence of Shigar River with Indus River where a gauge site has since been established for the purpose. At this location the height of Skardu Dam is fixed as 310 feet, length 3700 feet and storage capacity as 8 maf. For confirmation reference may be made to Dr Pieter Lieftnick's report — pages 283 and 296.
References
Dams in Pakistan
Dams in the Indus River basin
Pirates: Tides of Fortune is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game developed and published by Plarium. The game was released for web browser in 2012. The game is set in on fictional desert island where players build their own pirate bay, ships and fight against each other in sea-based battles.
Story and gameplay
Pirates: Tides of Fortune is a nautical-themed social game. The game is geared towards interaction with other players, with frequent popups to remind players of the various benefits of having a large “crew” - primarily the ability to set up alliances. The game is set in a persistent world populated by other current and past players.
Players are expected to build fortified structures on land and equip a powerful fleet to gain control of the waters, with different buildings and ships to choose from.
Music
The game features a fully scored soundtrack and sound composed and produced by BAFTA Award-winning composer Jesper Kyd. A track sharing the game's title is included on his 2015 album, Five Worlds of Plarium.
Critical reception
Pirates: Tides of Fortune has received generally positive reviews. Pete Davison of Adweek described the game as "a slick, polished new nautical-themed social game that takes its cues from more complex multiplayer strategy titles such as Kabam's recently-closed Samurai Dynasty, Digital Chocolate's Galaxy Life and Kixeye's Backyard Monsters, and also praised the "very high" production values, detailed, well-animated artwork, and voiceovers. Karissa Leanne of MMO Games praised the "unique atmosphere," "great community," "outstanding graphics," and "fun battles."
The game was originally launched on Google+ exclusively for 30 days, before being launched on Facebook and VK.
References
External links
2012 video games
Browser games
Video games about pirates
Massively multiplayer online real-time strategy games
Free-to-play video games
Video games scored by Jesper Kyd
Video games developed in Israel
Pietroșani is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bădești, Gănești, Pietroșani, Retevoiești and Vărzăroaia.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
GSV may refer to:
Garrison of Sør-Varanger, a military base of the Norwegian Army
General Systems Vehicle, a class of fictional artificially intelligent starship in The Culture universe of late Scottish author Iain Banks
Geological Survey of Victoria, now GeoScience Victoria
Gilbert–Shannon–Varshamov bound
Girls Sport Victoria, an Australian high school sporting association
Google Street View
Gonad specific virus, a sexually transmitted virus specific to the corn earworm moth
Great saphenous vein
XHIZM-FM is a noncommercial cultural radio station on 88.9 FM in Izúcar de Matamoros, Puebla, Mexico, known as La Revolucionaria.
History
On September 6, 2013, Fundación General Francisco Hernández Domínguez, A.C., applied for a new permit FM station at Izúcar de Matamoros. The application was approved by the Federal Telecommunications Institute on November 28, 2018. XHIZM-FM signed on November 18, 2019.
References
Radio stations in Puebla
2019 establishments in Mexico
Radio stations established in 2019
A noa-name is a word that replaces a taboo word, generally out of fear that the true name would summon the thing. The term derives from the Polynesian concept of noa, which is the antonym of tapu (from which derives the word taboo) and serves to lift the tapu from a person or object.
A noa-name is sometimes described as a euphemism, though the meaning is more specific; a noa-name is a non-taboo synonym used to avoid bad luck, and replaces a name considered dangerous. The noa-name may be innocuous or flattering, or it may be more accusatory.
Examples
Examples of noa-names are:
In Swedish, the word ('wolf') was replaced by ('stranger'), while the word for bear, (, along with its Proto-Germanic ancestor *berô and cognates such as 'bear', German and Dutch ) is a noa-name meaning 'brown'. The spirits of the hearth, , (corresponding to the Scottish brownie, or the Cornish pixie) were known as , ('dear little relatives') .
In English, the Devil has been referred to by a variety of names (e.g. 'Old Nick', 'Mr. Scratch') to avoid attracting his attention through his name.
In Irish folklore, Fairies are referred to as 'the little people', or 'the good people'.
In Greek legend, the Erinyes (the Furies, the spirits of revenge) were commonly known as the Eumenides ('the benevolent ones').
In Jewish culture, it is forbidden to speak the name of God (represented as YHWH) and the noa-name adonai, 'my lord', or HaShem, 'the Name', is used instead.
In Finnish, there are several noa-names for (bear), used instead of calling the animal by its name and inadvertently attracting its attention. The word itself is a noa-name, to avoid using the original (and now relatively uncommon) words or . (See Finnish mythology.)
To avoid the negative connotations of the left side and left-handedness, most Romance languages created noa-names to avoid Latin : see French , Spanish , Romanian . Also Greek created (), a derivation from (, "best") to avoid ().
The legacy French word for "fox" was from Latin . As a euphemism, it was replaced by , after Reynard the Fox, a famous trickster in medieval stories.
See also
Mokita, a Trobriand term that translates as 'the truth we all know but agree not to talk about'
Avoidance speech, a sociolinguistic phenomenon found in some aboriginal languages
The evil wizard Lord Voldemort, typically referred to in the Harry Potter series as "He Who Must Not Be Named" or "You-Know-Who"
The name of the William Shakespeare play Macbeth is, by longstanding theatrical custom, not to be mentioned in order to avoid bad luck; reference is instead made, for instance, to "the Scottish play"
Apotropaic names are negative words applied to ward off evil.
References
English-language idioms
Etiquette
Euphemisms
Taboo
Ray Warne was an English professional footballer who played for Ipswich Town between 1950 and 1951. A prolific striker, he scored 377 goals for Sudbury Town in twelve seasons at the club.
Signed from Leiston in 1950, Warne played 30 league matches for Ipswich, scoring 11 goals. In 1952 he signed for Sudbury Town, where he scored 51 goals in his first season as Sudbury won the Essex and Suffolk Border Football League. He then signed for Cheltenham Town, before returning to Sudbury for the 1953–54 season, when was again the club's leading scorer with 42 goals. The following season, Sudbury's first in the Eastern Counties League, he scored 47 goals. He played for Sudbury for another nine seasons, finishing as top scorer in all but three.
References
English footballers
Leiston F.C. players
Ipswich Town F.C. players
Sudbury Town F.C. players
Cheltenham Town F.C. players
2009 deaths
Year of birth missing
Association football forwards
Inspector Gadget 2, (sometimes called Inspector 2 Gadget and IG2) is a 2003 American superhero comedy film released direct-to-video on VHS and DVD on March 11, 2003. The film is based on the 1983 cartoon series created by DIC Entertainment and is a sequel to the 1999 film, Inspector Gadget.
Unlike the first film (which has a serious and darker tone and received a PG rating), Inspector Gadget 2 received a G rating and is considered a more faithful adaptation of the original animated series; the characters' personalities were altered to be more in line with their cartoon counterparts and Doctor Claw's face is never shown. Gadget and Claw are never referred to as "John Brown" and "Sanford Scolex", their respective civilian names from the first film (though Claw's communicator is still labeled as "Scolex Industries"; Claw also reveals to his minions that all his assets, including his "multi-million-dollar high-rise evil headquarters", were confiscated by the police following his arrest in the previous movie). The film received mixed reviews, although its reception slightly improved over its predecessor.
With the exception of D. L. Hughley, who returned as the voice of the Gadgetmobile, none of the actors from the 1999 film reprised their roles.
Plot
Sometime after the events of the first film
Inspector Gadget and his Gadgetmobile are having problems in their line of work, mostly because of Gadget's overzealous nature and his paranoia about minor crimes committed by citizens. Gadget is put on probation by an angry Chief Quimby after charging Quimby's mother for going slightly above the speed limit on a mostly-deserted highway. At this time, Dr. Claw escapes from prison, seeking revenge on Gadget for putting him in prison and to restart his multi-million-dollar empire. Mayor Wilson takes this opportunity to create G2, a female Gadget-type robot that can function normally compared to the original Gadget, who not only was born a human but has recently been malfunctioning. Gadget begins to fall in love with G2, though G2 does not reciprocate as she prefers to work alone, viewing him as a nuisance but at the same time appreciating his determination to fight crime.
Dr. Claw begins a new plan to steal gold from the Federal Reserve. Gadget makes repeated attempts to stop Claw, but is continually foiled by his own bumbling and gadgetry glitches; his antics also prevent G2 from stopping Claw. Gadget's bumbling allows Dr. Claw's men to steal components for Claw's latest scheme and get away with it. Chief Quimby becomes increasingly frustrated and eventually relieves Gadget of duty after an incident at a science convention involving Claw's men putting an override chip on Gadget, allowing Claw to control Gadget like a puppet and cause significant damage. Penny offers to help, but Gadget tells her that she is still too young and to not get involved. Meanwhile, Dr. Claw's henchmen are now free to steal the rest of the components for Claw's scheme.
Penny decides to examine the evidence on her own and eventually finds Claw's hideout at an abandoned bowling factory in the outskirts of the city. She infiltrates the hideout, but Claw and his men capture her. After a series of unsuccessful jobs, Gadget gets a job as a parking valet. At Mayor Wilson's fundraiser, Claw infiltrates the event and activates a bowling pin containing laughing gas to keep the people busy as he steals a 50,000-karat ruby, though G2 is immune to the gas. In order to stop the robot, Claw uses a magnet to trap G2. Afterwards, Claw and his minions escape, but Gadget fails to recognize them. After G2's failure, Quimby is ordered by Mayor Wilson to deactivate the robot and terminate the Gadget program.
Feeling that G2 was scapegoated, and still in love with her, Gadget goes to Baxter's laboratory to reactivate G2, which makes G2 realize that Gadget cares for her. Brain (voiced by Jeff Glenn Bennett), having escaped Claw's men, tells them through Baxter's bark translating device that Claw has kidnapped Penny and has used the three stolen supplies (ionic fuel cells, a protoid laser, and a ruby) to build a super-weapon. Upon realizing that Claw is based in the bowling factory, Gadget finally connects the evidence Penny previously presented to him. Gadget asks G2 to help him save Penny and foil Claw's scheme, and G2 agrees.
The next day, Claw activates his machine. The weapon is a laser that freezes time in Riverton, allowing Claw and his minions to easily rob the Federal Reserve. Claw has plans to not only use the laser against Riverton, but also the entire world, so he can rob Fort Knox and a variety of other places. Both Gadgets manage to avoid the weapon's blast, and confront Claw and his minions at the Federal Reserve. Claw orders his minions to attack Gadget and G2 so he can get away. Gadget and G2 decide to switch chips in order to make Gadget work perfectly, leaving G2 to deal with the glitches but to still successfully capture Claw's hired goons. Gadget chases after Claw but Claw drops Penny off the truck with explosives attached to her. After saving Penny, Gadget and Penny reunite with G2 and the Gadgetmobile. At a bridge, Gadget stops Claw's truck with a puddle of bubble gum. Claw's minions try to escape, but get stuck in the bubble gum and are arrested. When Gadget orders Claw to put his hand (and claw) up, Claw gets away in a rocket-like escape pod. After Claw escapes, Gadget, Penny and G2 go to Claw's laser to unfreeze Riverton.
Both Gadget and G2 are congratulated by Mayor Wilson and Chief Quimby (who happily reinstates Gadget) for their heroic efforts, with Gadget also giving credit to Penny, admitting he is proud to have her as a partner and awarding her a Junior Inspector Medal for her meritorious conduct. After the meeting, Gadget and G2 share a kiss outside the city hall. In the process, fireworks emerge from Gadget's hat. A firecracker lands right near Quimby and Wilson and the fuse burns out. After a few seconds, it explodes, causing both Wilson and Quimby to angrily yell out to Gadget.
Cast
French Stewart as Inspector Gadget
Elaine Hendrix as G2
Tony Martin as Dr. Claw
Caitlin Wachs as Penny
Jeff Glenn Bennett as Brain the Dog (voice)
D. L. Hughley as Gadgetmobile (voice)
Mark Mitchell as Chief Quimby
Sigrid Thornton as Mayor Wilson
Bruce Spence as Baxter
Alethea McGrath as Mrs. Quimby (cameo)
Mungo McKay as the Bartender
James Wardlaw as Brick
John Batchelor as McKible
Nick Lawson as Squint
Mick Roughan as Jungle Bob
Siros Niaros as The Ninja
Brian McDermott as Mr. Morgan
Production
The film was shot entirely in and around Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Filming locations included the Queensland University of Technology Gardens Point Campus, Queensland Parliament House, University of Queensland St Lucia Campus, South Bank Parklands Beach, Toowong Village, Anglican Church Grammar School and the William Jolly Bridge.
Release
Inspector Gadget 2 was released on DVD and VHS on March 11, 2003, four years after its predecessor was released.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews. Rotten Tomatoes reported that of critics have given the film a positive review based on reviews, with an average rating of .
Joe Leydon of Variety gave the film a negative review. Radio Times gave the film a two out of five stars. Common Sense Media gave the film a three out of five stars, saying, "Silly sequel has cartoonish violence, stereotyping."
References
External links
2000s English-language films
2003 direct-to-video films
2003 action comedy films
2000s science fiction comedy films
American action comedy films
American coming-of-age films
Australian coming-of-age films
Australian action comedy films
American films with live action and animation
American superhero films
Android (robot) films
Cyborg films
Disney direct-to-video films
2000s superhero comedy films
Films directed by Alex Zamm
Films set in 2002
Live-action films based on animated series
Inspector Gadget
Direct-to-video sequel films
Direct-to-video action comedy films
Films shot in Brisbane
2000s police comedy films
2000s American films
Remember Me is a fantasy book series written by American author Christopher Pike. The series centers around what a recent high school graduate, Shari Cooper, does after dying, having been murdered at a friend's party.
Remember Me (1989)
Shari Cooper had almost graduated from Hazzard High.
Remember Me is a New York Times national bestseller. Jo, Shari's best friend, is into the paranormal. When Shari goes to Jo's house to pick her up for the big party, Shari ends up finding pieces of paper that were a short story written by Peter Nichols, Shari's friend who had died. Coincidentally the girl's name in Peter's story was Ann, which Shari thinks has something to do with her, because that is her middle name. During Big Beth's party they play with a crystal and they are convinced Peter is talking to them. Shari finds out that her boyfriend cheated on her, and goes out onto the balcony to get some fresh air, and the next thing she knows she is waking up in her own bed. She goes downstairs to have breakfast with her family, but she can't pull the chair out and her parents and her brother Jim are ignoring her. Shari Cooper is dead. The only thing Shari Cooper can remember is falling off her friend's balcony during the party. Shari Cooper's death is seen as a suicide, but she knows that she was murdered.
Peter Nichols, also a ghost, attends Shari's funeral. Finally reunited, they comfort one another. They try to figure out who murdered Shari. Jo brings out the ouija board to contact Shari, but another force takes charge of it and tells them that Peter and Shari are burning in hell. A shadow chases Shari into the cemetery and when she runs into Peter, it disappears. Jo feels that Shari blames her for her death. Shari has a dream that tells her everything she needed to know: Shari was switched at birth by Jo's mother, a nurse. Jo and Shari are half sisters, while Jim's girlfriend Amanda is actually Jim's biological sister. Amanda knows about the switch, but is still in love with Jim. She attacks Jim so that no one else can have him; Peter intervenes, but his shadow attacks him and he falls to the floor.
Shari learns that Peter is vulnerable to the shadow because he killed himself. Together they fight back against the shadows, and help save Jim's life.
Remember Me 2: The Return (1994)
Jean Rodrigues is eighteen and two weeks away from graduating from her high school. She doesn't want to end up like her mother, a single mom who works way too much. Jean's father died when she was a child. They live in a bad neighborhood, which to her, this is the worst. Jean's best friend Carol, picks her up to go to a party. Jean plans on telling her boyfriend, Lenny, that she is six weeks pregnant. Carol is in love with Darlene, whose boyfriend, Sporty, recently died by being shot. He died in Lenny's arms, and after the party they have a meeting to plan revenge against Sporty's murderer, Juan.
Lenny and Jean argue about the planning of Juan's death. They go out onto the balcony, and fall. Shari Cooper then comes to her rescue. She was told by Rishi that she could go back to Earth as a wanderer. So when Jean falls to her death, Shari Cooper takes over her body. Jean wakes up in the hospital, after being in a coma for a few days and she asks about Lenny. Carol tells her that Lenny was also on the balcony, and he also fell and is in the hospital too. He is paralyzed from the waist down, and Jean also lost her baby.
Because wanderers do not know they are wanderers, Shari now thinks that she is Jean. Rishi had told Shari that wanderers have a mission and that is to find love, and help others find it as well. Jean is now volunteering at the hospital, and her mother wants to know if she had her personality swapped. Jean also decided to stop doing drugs, to make for a better life and as a way to get out of her neighborhood.
While Jean volunteers at the hospital she becomes friends with Debra, who is a cancer patient. After Jean is done at the hospital she goes to visit Lenny, who is highly depressed, and he tries to convince Jean to kill him. After Jean leaves she decides to go swimming, but has to get rescued by a lifeguard. She then goes to visit Shari Cooper's brother Jim. She calls him Jimmy and offers to help him move out of his parents' house as long as he would give her a ride back home.
When Debra dies, Jean goes to visit her grave. While she is at the cemetery she finds Shari Cooper's grave as well, with a picture on it. Jean knows the girl in the picture as well as her own reflection. She goes visit Jimmy, Shari's brother. After talking for a bit , she reads the book Shari wrote and finally remembers that she is Shari. Jean gets a phone call from Carol that Darlene and Lenny are staging their revenge, and they have a gun. Jean goes over and she and Lenny fight, Jean convinces Lenny to go with her back to Jimmy's. As it turns out, Lenny killed Sporty and is trying to murder Jean. When Jean, after hanging from the side of the balcony yells out "Master!" Lenny softens and tries to catch Shari but she falls. The next chapter shows Rishi agreeing to let Peter as well as Shari come back as a wanderer, but The Rishi warns Peter that when he killed himself, he nearly survived and that had he lived he would have been crippled the rest of his days, and that if he comes back as a wanderer, he would be in a wheelchair. Peter says as long as he's with Shari he doesn't care. The epilogue tells us that Shari in swinging her right arm up pushes away from the balcony and lets her land in the pool below. It's only then we see that Peter is Lenny and he remembered finally who he was and he remembers Shari.
Remember Me 3: The Last Story (1995)
Shari Cooper had already died once, and came back as a wanderer, a soul who has been given permission to take the place of another soul in another body. Shari, who took the body of Jean Rodrigues, now remembers who she used to be. She has also figured out the purpose to her new life, and why she had to come back. Shari starts to write her own stories—one of which is actually being made into a movie—and they become known across the whole world.
Then one night a story comes to her out of the blue, about love and magic. The story is ancient and it explains the purpose of humans, and why they walk the Earth.
She begins to write her story down, almost positive that it's just her writer's block becoming unstuck. Shari doesn't realize the danger she just started, because her story is true. It is the warning of danger to everyone in the whole world from creatures who do not like humans, but they also have it out for wanderers as well. They are monsters that will do anything to stop Shari from publishing the truth, even if that means making her fall for one of them, Roger, as a trap. Roger turns out to be a black wanderer, and he has to destroy Shari because of the story she is writing.
They're hidden, but they're watching around every corner. Shari risks it all, and this means Peter will lose his love of three years, and Shari may ruin everything and anything for this monster.
Peter finally starts to walk, and Shari goes to visit her actual mother; when she gets tucked in, she closes her eyes... forever.
Not long after Shari's passing, Jim concludes a visit with Peter, and feels a tap on his shoulder despite being alone in his home. Guessing what's going on, Jim sits down at his computer and begins to write Shari's final story.
Remember Me collection
A compilation of all three books in to Remember Me series also exists. It was released in 2010 under the title Remember Me: Remember Me; The Return; The Last Story.
Reception
Publishers Weekly commented that "[Remember Me]'s central mystery, though somewhat contrived, moves along briskly. Plenty of action combined with several creepy seance scenes keep the pages turning...some may question the prudence of presenting young readers with such a seductive vision of life after death."
References
American young adult novels
Young adult novel series
Ghost narrator
1884 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Events
Amos Alonzo Stagg enters Yale University as a divinity student and, a natural athlete, joins the university's football team.
25 October — Yale Bulldogs defeat Dartmouth 113–0. This is the first college football game where one team scores over 100 points and also the first time one team scores over 100 points while the opposing team scores zero.
29 October — The next week, the Princeton Tigers outscore the Lafayette Leopards by 140–0.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Blackburn Rovers 2–1 Queen's Park (Glasgow) at The Oval. Blackburn Rovers is the first extant club to win the FA Cup.
Everton moves as tenant to Anfield, a newly enclosed ground off Anfield Road, Liverpool.
Derby County founded by Derbyshire CCC to provide a winter activity for players and supporters.
Leicester City founded as Leicester Fosse.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park win by a walkover after Vale of Leven fail to appear
Baseball
National championship
Inauguration of the National League v. American Association fixture, sometimes called the "Original World Series" – Providence Grays (NL) defeats New York Metropolitans (AA) 3 games to nil.
Events
Ned Williamson hits 27 home runs for the Chicago White Stockings, establishing a record that will last for 35 years. He nearly doubles the record of 14 set the season before by Harry Stovey.
Moses Fleetwood Walker becomes the first black American major league baseball player when he makes his American Association league debut for the Toledo Blue Stockings.
Boxing
Events
The first of the modern World titles is recognised with Jack (Nonpareil) Dempsey as the original World Middleweight Champion. The weight limit for middleweights at this time is 154 pounds. Dempsey will hold the title until 1891.
American heavyweight champion John L. Sullivan faces a number of challengers but none of them last more than four rounds. Sullivan is very active on the exhibition circuit.
Lineal world champions
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
Canadian football
Events
The Canadian Rugby Football Union, forerunner of the Canadian Football League, is established.
Cricket
Events
An Australian team tours England but loses the three-match Test series 1–0 with two matches drawn.
Derbyshire suffers the ignominy of a perfectly bad season losing all ten of their county games
In stark contrast Nottinghamshire come closer to an absolutely perfect season than any county side since, winning nine games and being three wickets shy of victory in their tenth
England
Champion County – Nottinghamshire
Most runs – Lord Harris 1,417 @ 33.73 (HS 112*)
Most wickets – Fred Spofforth 207 @ 12.82 (BB 8–62)
Australia
Most runs – Billy Murdoch 567 @ 113.40 (HS 279*)
Most wickets – Joey Palmer 29 @ 17.51 (BB 6–72)
Gaelic Athletic Association
Events
1 November — Gaelic Athletic Association is founded at Hayes' Hotel in Thurles, County Tipperary, to promote hurling and Gaelic football. The foundation date has significance as Samhain: according to legend the day the Fianna fell from power.
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Jack Simpson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Voluptuary
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Busybody
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Scot Free
The Derby – dead heat between Harvester and St. Gatien
The Oaks – Busybody
St. Leger Stakes – The Lambkin
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Malua
Canada
Queen's Plate – Williams
Ireland
Irish Grand National – The Gift (second successive win)
Irish Derby Stakes – Theologian
USA
Kentucky Derby – Buchanan
Preakness Stakes – Knight of Ellerslie
Belmont Stakes – Panique
Ice hockey
February 11 – The Montreal Victorias defeat the Ottawa Hockey Club 1–0 to win the second Montreal Winter Carnival ice hockey tournament.
November 28 – The Montreal Hockey Club is founded.
Rowing
The Boat Race
7 April — Cambridge wins the 41st Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 2nd series is won by England
Other events
The 1884 New Zealand rugby union tour of New South Wales is the inaugural overseas tour by the New Zealand team
Tennis
Events
Inaugural women's singles championship at Wimbledon
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Herbert Lawford (GB) 6–0 6–4 9–7
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Maud Watson (GB) defeats Lillian Watson (GB) 6–8 6–3 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats Howard A. Taylor (USA) 6–0 1–6 6–0 6–2
World
The 8th pre-open era Men's Tennis tour gets underway 54 tournaments are staged this year the tour runs from 6 May to 21 December 1884.
Tobogganing
Events
Cresta Run constructed at St. Moritz in Switzerland
References
Sports by year
Fredriksskans is a multi-purpose stadium in Kalmar, Sweden. It served as the home ground for Kalmar FF until it was replaced by Guldfågeln Arena in 2011. It is used for football matches and atlethics. The stadium holds 9,000 people and was built in 1919.
References
Football venues in Sweden
Multi-purpose stadiums in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Kalmar County
Sport in Kalmar
Gareth Simon Shaw (born 14 February 1982) in Auckland, New Zealand, played for the New Zealand cricket team in the Under-19 Cricket World Cup in 2000. He later played both first-class and List A cricket for Auckland and Otago.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
List of Auckland representative cricketers
References
1982 births
New Zealand cricketers
Auckland cricketers
Otago cricketers
Living people
Ezekiel's Vision is a c. 1518 painting by Raphael showing the prophet Ezekiel's vision of God in majesty. It is housed in the Palatine Gallery of Palazzo Pitti, Florence, central Italy.
History
The work is remembered by Renaissance art biographer Giorgio Vasari as property of a Bolognese nobleman, Vincenzo Ercolani. There is trace of payment by him to Raphael for 8 ducats in 1510, but this is generally considered just a down payment, since stylistically the work (inspired for example by Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel ceiling) cannot be dated before 1518.
In Florence since as early as 1589, it was ceded to Francesco I de' Medici and was placed at the Uffizi. The painting is known to be at Palazzo Pitti in 1697. In 1799 it was robbed by the French, who kept it in Paris until returning it back in 1816.
The work was once considered to be by the hand of Giulio Romano, with Raphael providing only the drawing. However, it has been subsequently assigned to Raphael.
Description
The painting measures .
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
References
External links
1518 paintings
Paintings by Raphael
Paintings in the collection of the Galleria Palatina
Paintings depicting Hebrew Bible themes
Lions in art
Cattle in art
Angels in art
Nude art
Mute Beat was an influential dub reggae band from Japan.
They are often considered a precursor to acid jazz, ambient and trip hop having performed similar-sounding music before those genres emerged. The band was formed by Kazufumi Kodama, who grew up enjoying marching band music and later discovered reggae in the late 70s. In 1981 he formed Mute Beat with the aim to make dub music that would go boldly into unexplored music territories, including the use of marching band techniques. The original keyboardist Gota Yashiki left the band in the mid 80s and moved overseas to produce music for Soul II Soul and Sinéad O'Connor amongst others. Mute Beat's first release was a self-titled cassette on New York's Roir label. They collaborated with many musicians including Jagatara, Gladstone Anderson, Roland Alphonso, King Tubby, and Lee Scratch Perry.
Members
Kazufumi "Echo" Kodama - trumpet
Akihito Masui - trombone
Hiroyuki Asamoto - keyboards
Gota Yashiki - keyboards (previously)
Takayoshi Matsunaga - bass
Hideyuki Imai - drums
Izumi "Dub Master X" Miyazaki - dub mix
Discography
Albums
Japanese Dub (Cass) (1986)
In Dub (Cass) (1986)
Still Echo (LP) (1986) (Wackies)
Lovers Rock (Cass) (1987)
Live (CD) (1989)
In Dub (CD) (1996)
No. 0 Virgin Dub (LP) (1996)
Singles
(1984) Mute Beat
(1988) Sunny Side Walk
References
Japanese reggae musical groups
Dub musical groups
Goichi Oie (died August 2, 1944) was a captain in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II, and died during the Battle of Tinian.
Biography
Goichi Oie was the subordinate to Admiral Kakuji Kakuta, the commander of the Tinian garrison. He was responsible for the defenses of the four airfields on Tinian, as well as their anti-air weaponry and their artillery. He commanded 4,500 naval troops in total. Oie and Kiyochi Ogata, two of the Japanese commanders on the island, had their headquarters set up at Mt. Lasso, the highest point on the island. When the United States Marine Corps attacked Tinian in late 1944, he resisted them with his big guns, which inflicted severe casualties on the US troops and destroyed some of their LVTs before their troops could disembark. However, the US troops that landed broke through to Mt. Lasso, which endangered Japanese control of the island. Kakuta, Ogata, and Oie committed suicide in the traditional fashion of seppuku, where they stabbed themselves with swords and disemboweled themselves. The knife that Goichi Oie used to commit seppuku was retrieved by a US Marine named Fred Osgood and sent home to the US in 1944.
References
Brooks, Victor: "Hell is Upon Us: D-Day in the Pacific, June–August 1944", 2005
1944 deaths
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Imperial Japanese Navy officers
Japanese military personnel who committed suicide
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
1897 births
Cooper's Green is a village in the civil parish of Buxted in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest town is Uckfield, which lies approximately south-west from the village.
Villages in East Sussex
Buxted
The Beatrice Blues was the final and primary name of the minor league baseball teams located in Beatrice, Nebraska. Beatrice teams played as members of the Nebraska State League in 1892, from 1913 to 1915, 1922 to 1923, 1928, 1932 to 1938, the Missouri-Iowa-Nebraska-Kansas League in 1912 and the Tri-State League in 1924. They were affiliated with the Brooklyn Dodgers from 1936 to 1938.
About
The Beatrice Blues played at the High School Athletic Park. The field acquired lights in the early 1930s. The field still exists as the local high school football stadium. Prior to the Blues, Beatrice was represented in the Nebraska State League in 1892. In partnership with neighboring Fairbury, Nebraska, the Beatrice-Fairbury Milkskimmers played as members in the Missouri-Iowa-Nebraska-Kansas League (MINK) in 1912. The Beatrice Milkskimmers played in the Nebraska State League from 1913 until the league disbanded in 1915.
1922–1923 Nebraska State League
In 1922 Beatrice, Nebraska was represented in the short-lived Nebraska State League by the Blues. The league had a split season. The Blue's were 25–28 in the first half and 31–32 in the second half and wound up in 4th place. Ralph Kirchner managed the team until July and Ducky Holmes replaced him for the remainder of the season. The 1923 team wound up in 5th place.
1924 Tri-State League
In 1924 the Lincoln Links returned to the Western League. The remaining Nebraska State League teams and some of the teams from the collapsed South Dakota League formed the Tri-State League. The Blues were in first place when the league disbanded on July 17.
1928, 1932–1938 Nebraska State League
In 1928 the Nebraska State League was restarted with eight teams. The 1928 Blue's were led by Jack Ellison. He was named to the Star team and the Pinconning MI native had a 15–8 record. Spud Owen averaged .343 and was also named to the Star team. In 1929 the Norton Jayhawks took over the franchise.
When the York Dukes dropped out of the Nebraska State League after the 1931 season Beatrice reentered the league and remained through the 1938 season. The 1932 Blues were led by Mike Pociask and Cotton Pippen. During the playoffs, Cotton pitched the third game of the series and won 5–3. He came back in the sixth game of the series and pitched a 2-hitter as Beatrice won 9–0. The next day he pitched the seventh game of the series. There were 3,000 fans in the Beatrice stands. Cotton went 2 for 3 at the plate and won 4–3. He did not give up an earned run in four playoff appearances. 1933 was a near repeat of the previous year. Led by pitcher Mike Pociask they once again wound up in second place. Cotton won one of the playoff games and hit two home runs during the game. Beatrice won the playoffs 5 games to 4. 1934 and 1935 were cellar years for the team. In 1936 the team secured a working agreement with the Brooklyn Dodgers. They were in 4th place in 1936, third in 1937 and again in third in 1938.
Year-by-year record
References
Nebraska Baseball History
Baseball Reference: Beatrice, Nebraska teams
This article is based on the "Beatrice Blues" article at Baseball-Reference.com Bullpen. The Bullpen is a wiki, and its content is available under the GNU Free Documentation License.
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Defunct baseball teams in Nebraska
1922 establishments in Nebraska
1938 disestablishments in Nebraska
Defunct Tri-State League teams
Nebraska State League teams
Missouri-Iowa-Nebraska-Kansas League (minor league) teams
David Glenn Lunceford (May 6, 1934 – May 23, 2009) was an offensive lineman who played for Baylor University and for the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League.
Lunceford grew up in Tyler Texas, graduating from Van High School in 1952 and lettering in three sports. After a year at Tyler Junior College, he was recruited by Baylor, where he lettered in all three seasons (1954–1956), playing both offensive and defensive tackle. He appeared in both of Baylor's bowl games during that period: the December 31, 1954 Gator Bowl, (which Baylor lost to Auburn 33-17), and the 1957 New Year's Day Sugar Bowl, in which Baylor upset the undefeated Tennessee Volunteers and their superstar (and future Hall of Fame coach) Johnny Majors 13-7.
Lunceford was drafted by the Cardinals in 1957. He played offensive guard for all 12 games in 1957. Injuries ended his career before the start of the 1958 season.
After the NFL, Lunceford returned to his native Tyler and went to work in the oil industry, starting with Humble Oil and Refining, which later merged with Standard Oil of New Jersey (which ultimately became Exxon). He retired from Exxon in 1992, and he continued to work as a management consultant thereafter, as well as serving in various capacities in Tyler for his church, the community, and the local junior college.
Mr. Lunceford died on May 23, 2009 from complications of Alzheimer's disease.
External links
Obituary from the Tyler Morning Telegraph
1934 births
2009 deaths
American football offensive linemen
Baylor Bears football players
Chicago Cardinals players
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
ExxonMobil people
Sportspeople from Tyler, Texas
People from Canton, Texas
Tyler Apaches football players
Players of American football from Texas
Neurological disease deaths in Texas
The FL-boat (Fernlenkboot, literally "remote controlled boat") was a weapon used by the Imperial German Navy during World War I. It was a remote-controlled motorboat, 17 m long, carrying of explosives, which was intended to be steered directly at its targets - initially the Royal Navy monitors operating off the coast of Flanders.
FL-boats were constructed by Siemens-Schuckertwerke. They were driven by internal combustion engines and controlled remotely from a shore station through spooled wire unwound behind the boat. The wire was long and the spool weighed . An aircraft could be used to signal directions to the shore station by radio. The commands available to the boat operator were:
System test
Engine start, engine stop
Set Rudder position
Turn on a light, to enable the boat to be tracked at night
Detonate the warhead, to prevent capture of the boat if it missed its target
Planned developments were to use a control station carried on a ship, in an airship or use a radio-control system. The boats could attain speeds of .
On 1 March 1917 an FL-boat hit the Nieuwpoort mole and on 28 October 1917 one hit the Royal Navy monitor HMS Erebus.
See also
MT explosive motorboat, similar Italian manned assault boats of World War II
References
World War I naval ships of Germany
Unmanned surface vehicles
Patrizia Scianca (born July 5, 1961) is an Italian voice actress from Turin who has dubbed over a number of notable roles in anime.
Roles
Television animation
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (Judy Neutron (Megan Cavanagh))
Bakusō Kyōdai Let's & Go!! (Go Seiba (Haruna Ikezawa))
City Hunter (Saeko Nogami (Yōko Asagami))
Doraemon (Suneo)
Dragon Ball (Son Goku, Son Gohan and Goten as children (Masako Nozawa))
Dr. Slump (second anime and second dub of the first one) (Arale Norimaki (Taeko Kawata, Mami Koyama))
Fullmetal Alchemist (Edward Elric as a child (Romi Park))
Kodocha (Tsuyoshi Ohki (Mayumi Misawa))
Marmalade Boy (Chiyako (Hiroko Emori))
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch (Izul)
Mirmo! (Yashichi (Yukiji))
My Life as a Teenage Robot (Tuck (Audrey Wasilewski))
Ojamajo Doremi (Majorika (Naomi Nagasawa))
One Piece (Monkey D. Luffy as a child (Mayumi Tanaka), Tamanegi (Makiko Ōmoto) and Nico Robin (Yuriko Yamaguchi)
Rocket Power (Maurice "Twister" Rodriguez (Ulysses Cuadra))
Sailor Moon (Sailor Neptune (Masako Katsuki))
Sonic the Hedgehog (Bunnie Rabbot (Christine Cavanaugh))
Shaman King (Manta Oyamada)
Tokyo Mew Mew (Zakuro Fujiwara (Junko Noda))
Theatrical animation
Balto II: Wolf Quest (Saba (Melanie Spore))
Dead End Adventure (Nico Robin)
References
Patrizia Scianca at Il mondo dei doppiatori
External links
1961 births
Italian voice actresses
Living people
Actors from Turin
Josue Deprez (born 30 October 1981) is a Haitian judoka.
He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's 73 kg, where he was eliminated by Igor Wandtke in the first round.
References
1981 births
Living people
Haitian male judoka
Olympic judoka of Haiti
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
The Verulamium Forum Inscription (tentatively dated to AD 79, during the reign of the emperor Titus) is one of the many Roman inscriptions in Britain. It is also known as the "Basilica inscription", as it is believed to have been attached to the basilica of Verulamium (on the edge of modern St Albans). The surviving fragments have been reconstructed as a large dedication slab (approx. 4.3m x 1.0m) on display at Verulamium Museum.
The fragments were found in 1955 during construction work in the yard of St Michael's School, St Albans. The find-spot lay near the north-east entrance to the forum and basilica of Verulamium.
The inscription is notable because it mentions Gnaeus Julius Agricola, the Roman governor of Britain from AD 77–84, who is otherwise known from a biography written by his son-in-law Tacitus.
Text
The inscription was reconstructed by Professor Sheppard Frere to read as follows:
[IMP TITO CAESARI DIVI] VESPA[SIANI] F VES[PASIANO AUG]
[P M TR P VIIII IMP XV COS VII] DESI[G VIII CENSORI PATRI PATRIAE]
[ [ ET CAESARI DIVI VESPASIANI F DOMITIANO COS VI DESIG VII PRINCIPI ] ]
[ [ IVVENTVTIS ET OMNIVM COLLEGIORVM SACERDOTI ] ]
[CN IVLIO A]GRIC[OLA LEGATO AUG PRO] PR
[MVNICIPIVM] VE[RVLAMIVM BASILICA OR]NATA
This version would be expanded to read:
IMP(eratori) TITO CAESARI DIVI VESPASIANI F(ilio) VESPASIANO AVG(usto)
P(ontifici) M(aximo) TR(ibuniciae) P(otestatis) VIIII IMP(eratori) XV CO(n)S(uli) VII DESIG(nato) VIII CENSORI PATRI PATRIAE
ET CAESARI DIVI VESPASIANI F(ilio) DOMITIANO CO(n)S(uli) VI DESIG(nato) VII PRINCIPI IVVENTVTIS ET OMNIVM COLLEGIORVM SACERDOTI
GN(aeo) IVLIO AGRICOLA LEGATO AVG(usti) PRO PR(aetore)
MVNICIPIVM VERVLAMIVM BASILICA ORNATA
This translates as:
For the Emperor Titus Caesar Vespasian Augustus, son of the deified Vespasian,
Pontifex Maximus, in the ninth year of tribunician power, acclaimed Imperator fifteen times, having been consul seven times, designated consul for an eighth time, censor, Father of the Fatherland,
and to Caesar Domitian, son of the deified Vespasian, having been consul six times, designated consul for a seventh term, Prince of Youth, and member of all the priestly brotherhoods,
when Gnaeus Julius Agricola was legate of the emperor with pro-praetorian power,
the Verulamium basilica was adorned.
The last line is particularly fragmentary, and the alternative reconstruction CIVITAS CATVVELLAVNORVM FORO EXORNATA ("the forum of the Catuvellaunian tribal council was embellished") has been considered, along with the less likely RESPVBLICA VERVLAMIVM LATIO DONA ("... donated the funds to widen the Verulamium public-works").
The inscription can be dated either to AD 79, the year Vespasian died (he would not have been referred to as divus until after his death) and Titus had his seventh consulship, or to AD 81 (by altering the various numerals). The reference to his brother Domitian was defaced, as were most inscriptions referring to him, after damnatio memoriae was pronounced on him in 96.
Publication
The inscription has been published as:
L'Année épigraphique (AE) 1957, 169
Roman Inscriptions of Britain (RIB) 3123
See also
St Albans Museums
References
Latin inscriptions
Roman archaeology
Forum
1st-century inscriptions
1st-century establishments in Roman Britain
Marios Iliopoulos can refer to:
Marios Iliopoulos (musician) - a Greek–Australian heavy metal musician
Marios Iliopoulos (businessman) - a Greek businessman who was the beneficial owner of the ship Brillante Virtuoso and who was found in court to have been involved with its destruction for the purposes of insurance fraud
Tandrang, Lamjung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2293 people living in 453 individual households.
The Tandrange language is spoken in Tandrang village.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Doris (Elfriede) Schachner (30 May 1904 in Bockwa near Zwickau – 1 April 1988 in Heidelberg) née Korn was the first female German professor for Mineralogy and Honorary Senator of the RWTH Aachen University.
Life
Schachner studied mineralogy at the universities in Heidelberg, Freiburg i. Br., and Innsbruck. She completed her doctorate at the Heidelberg University in 1928 and she completed her habilitation at the TH Aachen in 1933. From 1933 to 1940, she was a lecturer at the TH Aachen. At the end of the second world war (from 1941 to 1945), she worked at the Brno University of Technology. In 1946, she returned to Aachen. In 1948, she became an extraordinary professor at the TH Aachen. From 1949 to 1972, she was an ordinary professor at the TH Aachen. Based on her initiative, the Institute of Crystallography at the TH Aachen was founded in 1963. In 1984, she became a Honorary Senator at the TH Aachen. Her daughter Melitta Schachner Camartin was a professor for neurobiology at the University of Hamburg.
Research
Schachner was a pioneer in ore microscopy.
Awards
She was a Honorary Senator of the RWTH Aachen University. Two minerals are named after her: Schachnerite and Para-Schachnerite. A street in Aachen is named after her.
Selected publications
References
20th-century German women scientists
German mineralogists
1904 births
1988 deaths
People from Zwickau (district)
Heidelberg University alumni
University of Freiburg alumni
University of Innsbruck alumni
RWTH Aachen University faculty
Brno University of Technology
Spassky Pogost () is a rural locality (a selo) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 225 as of 2002.
Geography
Spassky Pogost is located 33 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nikiforovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Mitchell Hamline School of Law is a private law school in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is accredited by the American Bar Association (ABA) and offers full- and part-time legal education for its Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree.
History
Mitchell Hamline was formed on December 9, 2015, when Hamline University School of Law merged into William Mitchell College of Law. Prior to merging into Mitchell Hamline, William Mitchell itself was the product of the merger of several other law schools, all in the Twin Cities. Mark C. Gordon served as the founding dean of Mitchell Hamline before stepping down in 2019.
Profile, tuition, rankings, and employment
In Fall of 2020 Mitchell Hamline accepted 58% of the applications it received; 51% of those who were accepted, or 404 students, enrolled. The median LSAT for students starting in Fall 2020 was 152, while the median GPA was 3.24; 69% of students enrolled in the part time track. In total, the school has 1,226 students, 53% of whom are women, 7% of whom are Hispanic, and 7% of whom are Black.
Annual tuition (including fees) for the 2020–21 academic year was $47,426 for full-time students and $34,506 for part-time students.
The school was ranked by U.S. News & World Report between 147 and 193 in the country (bottom 25%) in 2021. Mitchell Hamline was ranked fifth in the nation in dispute resolution.
Of 2020 graduates, 49% found full-time long-term employment that requires a JD within nine months of graduation. Of the 192 Mitchell Hamline graduates who took the Minnesota bar exam for the first time in 2021, 139 passed, for a 72.4% pass rate, compared to an overall average of 83.6%. Of the 278 Mitchell Hamline graduates who took any state's bar exam in 2020, 66.2% passed, vs. an overall average of 82.2%.
Academics
Dispute Resolution Institute
Mitchell Hamline houses an institute dedicated to alternative forms of dispute resolution. The institute offers a mediation center and four certificates. The institute also selects qualified students to study conflict resolution through two study abroad programs: an international business perspective in England through a partnership with Queen Mary University of London, as well as a through a lens of religious conflict in Israel in partnership with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Health Law Institute
Mitchell Hamline's Health Law Institute offers specialized courses and experiential learning. Students are exposed to real-life health law issues. The institute offers four certificates, some of which satisfy the requirements to sit for the Compliance Certification Board's (CCB) national exam. Mitchell Hamline students are able to build this education into their J.D. program, while non-law-students can complete the certificate online.
Indian Law Program
The Indian Law Program emphasizes practical legal education with faculty who have spent their careers working with Indian tribes.
Joint degree programs
Mitchell Hamline offers two types of joint degrees: The 3+3 and the Dual Degrees.
The 3+3 programs enable eligible students from select Minnesota universities to complete their bachelor's and J.D. degrees in only six years, rather than the more common seven. It currently has agreements with Hamline University, St. Cloud State University, and Bemidji State University.
Dual degree programs allow J.D. holders to combine their law degree with an additional graduate degree, and earn both in less time than normal. Most programs require four years to obtain both the J.D. and the master's degree. Through a partnership with Hamline University, students can also earn a Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), a Master of Fine Arts in Writing (M.F.A.), a Master in Public Administration (M.P.A.), or a Master in Nonprofit Management (M.N.M.).
Blended learning
In the early 2000s the American Bar Association's Task Force on the Future of Legal Education drafted a recommendation that law schools be permitted to experiment and innovate. At that time, Mitchell Hamline was still William Mitchell College of Law. The school's first cohort of hybrid students included 85 students, 14 of whom already held M.B.A.s, 5 held M.D.s, and three held PhDs. The students ranged in age from 22 to 67 and represented 30 states and two countries.
In Fall 2020, the school started to offer blended learning. This includes elements of the Hybrid, Executive, and Weekend offerings. It is a four-year program that can be finished in three years. On-campus time includes a case-study workshop in which students learn from lawyers and participants in cases.
Student journals
Mitchell Hamline students can participate in several academic journals, including the flagship Mitchell Hamline Law Review; Cybaris, an Intellectual Property Law Review; and the Mitchell Hamline Journal of Public Policy and Practice.
Externships
The school offers more practical externships than any other school in the Upper Midwest.
Notable alumni
The law library on campus is named in honor of Warren E. Burger, the fifteenth Chief Justice of the United States, who graduated from one of the school's predecessor institutions, St. Paul College of Law.
Other notable graduates include:
August Andresen, former United States Congressman
Joe Atkins, Minnesota State Representative
Elmer A. Benson, former United States Senator and Governor of Minnesota
Bobby Joe Champion, Minnesota State Representative
Ray P. Chase, former United States Congressman
Tarryl Clark, former Minnesota State Senator
Richard Cohen, Minnesota State Senator
Roger L. Dell, former Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Sean Duffy, United States Congressman from Wisconsin
Tom Emmer, former Minnesota State Representative and 2010 Republican candidate for governor of Minnesota
William T. Francis, former U.S. Ambassador to Liberia
Sam Hanson, former Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Debra Hilstrom, Minnesota State Representative
Dewey W. Johnson, former United States Congressman
Matthew E. Johnson, Chief Judge, Minnesota Court of Appeals
Jim Lord, Minnesota politician
Myles Mace, former Distinguished Professor, Harvard Business School
Eric J. Magnuson, former Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Paul A. Magnuson, Senior Judge, U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota
John J. McDonough, former Mayor of Saint Paul
Fred McNeill, former Minnesota Vikings player
Robert W. Mattson, Jr., former Minnesota State Auditor
Pat Mazorol, Minnesota State Representative
Helen Meyer, Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Ted Mondale, former Minnesota State Senator and former chairman of the Metropolitan Council
William P. Murphy, former Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Arthur E. Nelson, former United States Senator
Martin A. Nelson, former Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Scott Newman, Minnesota State Senator
Floyd B. Olson, former Governor of Minnesota
Peter S. Popovich, former Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Joey San Nicolas, Attorney General for the Northern Mariana Islands
John B. Sanborn, Jr., former Judge, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
Thomas D. Schall, former United States Senator
Linda Scheid, former Minnesota State Senator
Gary J. Schmidt, former Wisconsin State Assemblyman
Corey Stewart, former candidate for Governor and Lt. Governor of Virginia, chair, Board of Supervisors, Prince William County, Virginia
Lena O. Smith, Minnesota's first African-American female lawyer
Esther Tomljanovich, former Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Robert Vanasek, former Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Robert Vogel, former U.S. Attorney for the District of North Dakota and Justice of the North Dakota Supreme Court
Jean Wagenius, Minnesota State Representative
Rosalie E. Wahl, former Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Torrey Westrom, Minnesota State Senator
Luther Youngdahl, former Governor of Minnesota, Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court, and Judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
Oscar Youngdahl, former United States Congressman
G. Aaron Youngquist, former Minnesota Attorney General and Assistant U.S. Attorney General
Eric Nelson (active 2021), American defense attorney who represented Derek Chauvin in State v. Chauvin
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 2015
Hamline University
2015 establishments in Minnesota
Private universities and colleges in Minnesota
The 2012 Ulster Senior Football Championship was the 124th installment of the annual Ulster Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Ulster GAA. It was won by Donegal who defeated Down in the final to retain the title they won the previous year. The winning Donegal team received the Anglo-Celt Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. They progressed from there to the semi-final then on to the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final where they claimed the Sam Maguire Cup.
Bracket
Preliminary round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Ulster GAA website
2U
Gaelic
Ulster Senior Football Championship
System crash may refer to the following:
Crash (computing), a computer system that has encountered an error
System Crash (TV series), a television series
System Crash, a music band
See also
System (disambiguation)
Crash (disambiguation)
Le prisonnier du Bouddha, written by Franquin and Greg, drawn by Franquin with assistance by Jidéhem, is the fourteenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before its release as a hardcover album in 1960.
Story
In The Prisoner of the Buddha, Spirou and Fantasio arrive in Champignac to find great changes in the Count's mansion park. A Russian scientist, Nicolas Inovskyev, the co-inventor of a revolutionary and powerful device named the G.A.G., is in hiding fearing the same fate as his American partner Harold W. Longplaying. Longplaying has been kidnapped by the Chinese army, who want his technology, and is being held captive in one of a series of giant statues of the Buddha which line up a valley. Armed with the new invention, the heroes set out to rescue the prisoner, and save the world.
Background
Featured in this album are two seemingly British, twin-like and awkward investigators, in what may be an homage to Hergé's The Adventures of Tintin characters, Dupont et Dupond (Thomson and Thompson).
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1960 graphic novels
1960 in comics
Comics set in China
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
Henry Robert Harrower, MD (April 30, 1883 – January 2, 1953) was a controversial early figure in endocrinology, and the author of several books and many papers on the subject. He was the impetus for the foundation of the Association for the Study of Internal Secretions, now called The Endocrine Society, and edited the first two editions of their journal Endocrinology. He was known for his advocacy of organotherapy, which involved consuming various glands and at times other parts of the body. He experienced financial success for this practice. Endocrinologists disdained these practices, believing that only the thyroid gland could have a meaningful effect when consumed orally. Harrower's organotherapy was the subject of repeated criticism. As he was the main proponent of the movement, it faded after his death.
Early life
Harrower was born in London, England. When he was 20 years old he traveled to Battle Creek, Michigan to enroll in the American Medical Missionary College after studying for three years in Scandinavia to become a masseuse. At the Seventh-day Adventist college he learned, and was receptive to, the alternative therapy teachings of John Harvey Kellogg. He graduated and spent several years in France and Italy, travelling back and forth between Europe and the United States. It was during this time he became interested in advocating organotherapy. In 1912, he published his book, Practical Hormone Therapy, which dealt with organotherapeutic practices. He eventually settled in an exclusive suburb in Glendale, California and established The Harrower Laboratory and Clinic.
Selected publications
Practical Organotherapy (1920)
References
People in alternative medicine
1883 births
1953 deaths
American endocrinologists
Writers from Glendale, California
Sir Graham Hugh Boyce (born 6 October 1945) is a retired British diplomat. He is the son of Commander Hugh Boyce and brother to Philip Boyce, who was president of the Royal College of Psychiatry in Australia, and Lord Michael Boyce, former First Sea Lord of the Royal Navy and Chief of the Defence Staff.
Career
Boyce was educated at Hurstpierpoint College and at Jesus College, Cambridge. Sir Graham served in the Diplomatic Service between 1968 and 2003, during which time he held the following offices:
Consul-General to Sweden—1987 and 1990
Ambassador and Consul-General to Qatar—1990 – 1993
Ambassador to Kuwait—1996 – 1999
Ambassador to Egypt—1999 – 2001
He was invested as a Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (CMG) in 1991, and as a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (KCMG) in 2001.
Boyce married Janet Elizabeth Spencer on 11 April 1970. They have four children: James (b. 1971), Rachel (b. 1974), Sara (b. 1980), and Josephine ( b. 1984). Grandchildren of: Sienna, Amélie, Charlie ( to James ), Joey, Iona, Alana, Lauren ( To Rachel ), Rufus, Wren ( To Sara ) and Leo ( To Josephine ).
Since leaving the Foreign and Commonwealth Office Boyce has worked for a number of companies in and Advisory capacity including serving on the advisory board of Lehman Brothers Middle East, Merchant International Group and Invensys. He is currently an advisor to Nomura, DLA Piper, and Air Products and Chemicals. He has also been a consultant to UK-based arms company BAE Systems and deputy chairman of UK-based arms company Vosper Thorneycroft.
References
Sources
1945 births
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Kuwait
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Qatar
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Egypt
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Living people
People educated at Hurstpierpoint College
Fred W. Friendly (born Ferdinand Friendly Wachenheimer, October 30, 1915 – March 3, 1998) was a president of CBS News and the creator, along with Edward R. Murrow, of the documentary television program See It Now. He originated the concept of public-access television cable TV channels.
Early career
Friendly was born to a Jewish family in New York City to Therese Friendly Wachenheimer and Samuel Wachenheimer, a jewelry manufacturer. The family moved from Manhattan's Morningside Heights district (where later, Friendly would teach for a quarter-century) to Providence, Rhode Island, where he graduated from Hope Street High School in 1933. He received an associate's degree from Nichols Junior College in 1936.
He entered radio broadcasting in 1937 at WEAN in Providence, Rhode Island, where he reversed the order of his middle and last names, and began using Friendly as his last name. In World War II, he served as an instructor in the Army Signal Corps and reported for an Army newspaper in the Pacific Theater (The CBI Roundup) before mustering out as a master sergeant in 1945. His decorations included the Legion of Merit and the Soldier's Medal.
By the late 1940s, Friendly was an experienced radio producer. It was in this role that Friendly first worked with Murrow on the Columbia Records historical albums, I Can Hear It Now. The first entry in the series, released on Thanksgiving Day 1948, covered the crisis and war years 1933–1945. It was a ground-breaker in that it used clips of radio news coverage and speeches of the major events from that twelve-year time span. Friendly created the concept after noticing the new use of audiotape in regular radio news coverage, as opposed to wire or disc recordings that had been an industry standard. Periodically, Friendly created recordings of news events when such recordings didn't exist or, recreated ones that were considered too chaotic to use on an album . CBS correspondent David Schoenbrun, in his memoir On and Off the Air, said he once was forced by Friendly to ask Charles de Gaulle if he would recreate the speech he gave upon his return to Paris (de Gaulle refused). The recreations never were identified as such, and trying to separate the real from the recreated, continues to be problematic for radio historians.
Although Murrow was an established CBS name and at the time Columbia Records was owned by CBS, Friendly's next full-time work came as a news producer at NBC. It was there that Friendly originated the idea for the news-oriented quiz show Who Said That?, first hosted by NBC newsman Robert Trout, followed by Walter Kiernan, and John Charles Daly. The program, which Friendly edited, ran irregularly on NBC and then ABC between 1948 and 1955.
Friendly later wrote, directed, and produced the NBC Radio series The Quick and the Dead during the Summer of 1950. It was about the development of the atomic bomb. It featured Trout, Bob Hope, and New York Times writer Bill Laurence, who had won a Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of the Manhattan Project.
CBS years
After the success of The Quick and the Dead, Friendly was recruited to work full-time for CBS by news executive Sig Mickelson. That fall, Murrow and Friendly collaborated to produce a CBS Radio documentary series inspired by their record albums—a weekly show called Hear It Now that was hosted by Murrow. The show moved to television as See It Now on Sunday, November 18, 1951.
Murrow and Friendly broadcast a revealing See It Now documentary analysis on Senator Joseph McCarthy (airing March 9, 1954) that has been credited with changing the public view of McCarthy and, being a key event leading to McCarthy's fall from power. It was an extension of the duo's continuing probe of the conflict between McCarthy's anti-Communist crusade and individual rights.
The previous fall, Murrow and Friendly had produced a notable See It Now episode on the topic, when the show probed the case of Air Force Reserve Lieutenant Milo Radulovich, who had lost his security clearance because of the supposed leftist leanings of his sister and father—evidence the Air Force kept sealed. Five weeks later, Radulovich was reinstated by the secretary of the Air Force. Radulovich was granted leave of his duties that same year, however, when he was forced to move temporarily to Phoenix, Arizona to care for his nephew who had recently been involved in a dog mauling incident.
After See It Now ended, in the Summer of 1958, Friendly and Murrow worked together on its successor, CBS Reports, although Friendly alone was executive producer and Murrow no more than an occasional reporter and narrator. Their most famous CBS Reports installment—the probe of migrant farmworkers Harvest of Shame—aired in November 1960 and still is considered one of television's finest single programs.
After Murrow's departure from the television network in 1961, Friendly continued to oversee several notable CBS Reports documentaries, including Who Speaks for Birmingham?, Birth Control and the Law, and The Business of Heroin.
Under CBS president James T. Aubrey Jr. the pressures on CBS News operations arose and escalated. Aubrey constantly fought with Friendly. Friendly felt Aubrey was insufficiently concerned with public affairs and in his memoir, Due to Circumstances Beyond Our Control, recounts one budget meeting at CBS when Aubrey spoke at length of how much money the news was costing the company, being a sea of red ink that could be stopped by replacing news with more entertainment programs. CBS founder and board chairman William S. Paley supported the news, however, and protected Friendly's division from Aubrey's proposed budget cuts. In 1962, Aubrey ordered that there would be fewer specials, both entertainment and news, because he felt interruptions to the schedule alienated viewers by disrupting their routine viewing, sending them to the competition. Friendly resented this move. To Friendly's relief, in 1965 Aubrey was fired.
Friendly served as president of CBS News from 1964 to 1966.
CBS resignation
In 1966, Friendly resigned from CBS when the television network ran a scheduled episode of I Love Lucy instead of broadcasting live coverage of the first United States Senate hearings questioning American involvement in Vietnam. Onetime CBS News president Dick Salant, the executive who preceded and later succeeded Friendly in the role, wrote in his memoirs that Friendly's problem was compounded by his inability to make such a request directly to the top CBS management (William S. Paley and Frank Stanton), as previous CBS News presidents had. In this case, Friendly had to go through a new supervisor at the executive level, CBS Broadcast Group president Jack Schneider.
Later career
After he left CBS, Friendly initially worked as a broadcast consultant at the Ford Foundation, a position he maintained until 1980. In this capacity, he initially developed an infeasible plan to allocate revenue generated by communications satellites toward the nascent medium of public television before he emerged as an integral figure in "negotiations about interconnection that would lead to the creation of the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) in 1969." By ensuring National Educational Television's subordination to the Washington-based PBS through the merger of NET with New York City's WNDT (and including a $2 million Ford Foundation grant to bolster the station's local programming), Friendly reluctantly placated members of the Nixon administration who perceived NET as a propagandistic front for the Eastern Establishment.
Despite his relative dearth of formal education—not atypical among contemporaneous practitioners—he was appointed to the tenured faculty of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism as the Edward R. Murrow Professor of Broadcast Journalism in 1966.
Over the next thirteen years, Friendly assumed stewardship of the school's hitherto threadbare broadcast journalism concentration. To the chagrin of some of his colleagues, he often eclipsed other top administrators (including 1970s-era dean Elie Abel, who was personally recommended by Friendly for the post) in the popular consciousness. The non-degree Summer Program in Journalism for Members of Minority Groups (renamed the Michele Clark Fellowship Program for Minority Journalists following the death of a distinguished alumna in a December 1972 airplane crash) was directed by Friendly from 1968 to 1975, enabling many individuals (most notably media-savvy attorney Geraldo Rivera) to switch careers during the tempestuous epoch. A proposed "University Broadcast Laboratory" (an experimental Sunday news magazine initially proposed by Friendly in partnership with the Ford Foundation, Columbia, and NET) only manifested in attenuated form, however, as Public Broadcast Laboratory from 1967 to 1969; administrative and content circumscriptions imposed by the University trustees precipitated his divestiture from the program and hastened the retirement of Journalism School dean Edward W. Barrett in 1968. As chair of Mayor John Lindsay's Task Force on CATV and Telecommunications that year, Friendly revived his revenue-sharing proposal by advising cable companies to set aside two channels that the public could lease for a minor fee, ultimately enabling the development of public-access television.
Spurred by classroom discussions, he inaugurated the Media and Society Friendly Seminars under the auspices of the Journalism School in 1974 as private conference fora on media, law (particularly the Constitution and the First Amendment) and public policy for the edification of professionals from disparate fields. Drawing upon the case method employed by many professional schools and the Socratic method for interlocution, these eventually evolved into PBS's long-running Fred Friendly Seminars in 1981.
Following his statutory retirement in 1979, Friendly relinquished control of the Journalism School's broadcast program; however, he continued to teach and produce the seminars at Columbia as an administrative officer of the University before retiring in earnest in 1992. By the time of his death in 1998, Friendly "was criticized by some working in network news as being isolated in academia and out of touch with the new realities—and limitations—of the business of broadcast journalism." The broadcast newsroom and an endowed professorship remain named for Friendly, attesting to his outsized influence at a critical juncture in the development of the school.
While in academia, he authored several books, including The Good Guys, The Bad Guys, And The First Amendment (an account of a number of First Amendment court cases and particularly, of the Fairness Doctrine), Minnesota Rag (a history of Near v. Minnesota), The Constitution: That Delicate Balance, and Due to Circumstances Beyond Our Control (a memoir about his sixteen years at CBS).
In 1986, Friendly was appointed by Mayor Edward I. Koch to New York City's Charter Revision Commission. Chaired by Frederick A.O. Schwarz Jr., the body's recommendations led to the dissolution of the New York City Board of Estimate following the adoption of the city's 1990 charter, whereupon the commission dissolved.
Friendly was a Montgomery Fellow at Dartmouth College from April 9-April 12, 1986. He also served as a visiting professor at Yale University (1984) and Bryn Mawr College (1981).
In addition to his work with the seminars, Friendly produced and hosted a ten-part series on PBS, Ethics in America, on which a panel of leading intellectuals debated and discussed modern ethical issues.
Accolades
1967: Iris Award for Man of the Year from NATPE
1986: Paul White Award, Radio Television Digital News Association
1990: George Polk Award
1994: Television Hall of Fame
Death
Friendly died on March 3, 1998 of a stroke, at his home in Riverdale, Bronx. He is interred in the Sharon Gardens Division of Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.
Legacy
In 1986, Edward Herrmann portrayed Friendly in the original HBO drama Murrow. In 2005, George Clooney played him in the film Good Night, and Good Luck.
See also
Freedom of speech
Television documentary
References
External links
The Museum of Broadcast Communications
Fred Friendly Seminars
CNN Obituary
Columbia University 250: Columbians Ahead of Their Time
About the Fred Friendly Seminars from pbs.org
Brennan Award citation for the Seminars
How journalism saved one man, and the rest of us, from McCarthyism
1915 births
1998 deaths
American radio journalists
American television executives
American television journalists
Jewish American journalists
CBS executives
Presidents of CBS News
Columbia University faculty
Businesspeople from Providence, Rhode Island
Nichols College alumni
People from the Bronx
People from Riverdale, Bronx
Burials at Kensico Cemetery
American male journalists
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Journalists from New York City
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American Jews
Lacey Amelia Turner (born 28 March 1988) is an English actress. She is known for portraying the role of Stacey Slater on the BBC soap opera EastEnders (2004–2010, 2014–present), for which she has won over thirty awards, including four National Television Awards and ten British Soap Awards. She has also appeared on Bedlam, Switch (both 2012) and Our Girl (2013–2014).
Early life
Turner was born in Edgware, in the London Borough of Barnet, to Catholic parents Bev and Les. She was raised along with her two younger sisters in Hertfordshire, near the BBC television studios in Elstree. She had commented: "From my bedroom window you could see part of the square [the external filming lot for EastEnders], and you could hear them all filming at night. I used to say to my mum: "I wanna be on that!" It was whilst living there that Turner decided to become an actress.
At the age of 10, Turner trained at the Sylvia Young Theatre School, but left after a year stating that it "wasn't my cup of tea". She has since revealed that she was bullied whilst at stage school for being "too geeky". Instead, she attended a local girls' private school, Peterborough and Saint Margaret's School in Stanmore and went to dance, singing and acting classes outside school.
Career
EastEnders
Turner's earliest work included appearances on stage and in advertisements (notably a Haribo advert).
In 2004, Turner went on to audition for the role of Demi Miller on the BBC soap opera EastEnders. Though she failed to get that part, she was instead given the role of Stacey, a new addition to the popular Slater family. She started in the soap the day after leaving school, and made her first appearance on-screen in November 2004. Turner speaks with Received Pronunciation, and had to affect a cockney accent for the role. Commenting on the role, Turner said: "I always dreamt of being on the show and so I can't believe that I've fulfilled my greatest ambition!" Since joining the show, her character has featured in numerous high-profile storylines, including abortion, drug abuse, a troubled relationship with her mother, discovering she has bipolar disorder, an affair with her father-in-law and the murder of her rapist Archie Mitchell (Larry Lamb).
Turner starred in a live episode of EastEnders on 19 February 2010 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the soap opera. The live episode gained over 16.6 million viewers which saw Stacey's husband die after falling from a rooftop during a police chase before Stacey's confession that she murdered Archie Mitchell. After her co-star Charlie Clements who played her husband left in February 2010, EastEnders bosses declared that they are keen to retain Turner after proving her popularity with viewers, however, she announced her decision to leave the show in April 2010. She stated: "I'll miss Stacey and everyone in Albert Square very much but the time has come to try something different." Turner later revealed that she had agreed with Charlie Clements to leave EastEnders at the same time as him. Of the decision, Turner said: "Charlie and I always said we'd go at the same time. For quite a while I'd been saying I was going to go and kept realising I wasn't ready. But when Charlie said he was going last year I was like, 'Right, OK, I'm going too'." She departed on-screen on 25 December 2010.
On 6 December 2013, it was announced that Turner would be returning to EastEnders, to reprise her role as Stacey. Turner began filming in January 2014. She made her on-screen return on 7 February 2014 and departed on 25 March 2014. She returned full-time in August 2014. Since returning to the show she has featured in a highly acclaimed postpartum psychosis storyline.
Turner's character has proven popular with fans and critics, and the actress has won multiple awards for her portrayal.
Other work
In December 2010, Turner advertised Royal Mail campaign to remind people of Christmas postal deadlines. The following year, she was cast as Lia Shaman in the third series of Being Human. She appeared in its first episode broadcast on 23 January 2011, watched by 1.37 million viewers (5%). She reprised her role for the series finalé. In March 2011, she played Elizabeth Lavenza, the bride of Victor Frankenstein (played by Andrew Gower), in an adaptation of Mary Shelley's 1818 novel Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus titled Frankenstein's Wedding, which aired on BBC Three, live from the derelict Kirkstall Abbey in Leeds, in front of an audience of 12,000.
Turner appeared alongside David Tennant, Billie Piper, David Morrissey, Jane Horrocks, Ashley Walters and Vicky McClure in the BBC One improvisational programme, True Love, which aired in June 2012. Also in June, she played the leading role of Ellie, a character who claims to see ghosts and spirits, in the second series of Bedlam. In October, she starred in the ITV2 supernatural drama series, Switch, which centres on the story of four young witches living in contemporary London. Turner's character is referred to as the "immaculately dressed" careerist Stella.
The actress played a young army recruit called Molly in a one-off 90-minute drama titled Our Girl. She began filming in BBC Elstree Studios in October 2012 and the film aired on BBC One on 24 March 2013. This was then followed by a five-part series which began airing on BBC One on 21 September 2014. Michelle Keegan took over from the second series in 2016.
In October 2012, Turner joined Asda Tickled Pink campaign. She has also done voice over work in the CITV programme, Goodbye Year Six and narrated BBC Three's Don't Just Stand There, I'm Having Your Baby. Turner also starred in radio dramas, The One about the Social Worker and Up the Junction, which aired on BBC Radio 4 in September 2013.
Personal life
Turner married Matt Kay in a private ceremony in Ibiza on 5 September 2017. On 25 February 2019, Turner announced that she was expecting a child with Kay, having previously suffered two miscarriages. On 12 July 2019, Turner gave birth to a daughter, Dusty Violet Kay. On 21 September 2020, the couple announced that Turner was pregnant with their second child. On 3 February 2021, Turner gave birth to a son, Trilby Fox Kay.
In April 2021, she called for better support for parents who have suffered a miscarriage. Turner appeared on BBC Breakfast and said that the system "needs reforming".
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
English soap opera actresses
English television actresses
English radio actresses
Alumni of the Sylvia Young Theatre School
Actresses from London
People from Edgware
21st-century English actresses
Marion Sampler was an American designer. Sampler was most known for being one of the first Black graphic designers to work in commercial design firms.
Early life and education
Sampler was born in 1920 in Anniston, Alabama. His father was a painter, and Sampler himself began education in art early in his life in Cincinnati. Sampler then moved to California, enrolling in Jepson Art Institute in 1953, and afterward at California Institute of the Arts. Sampler transferred to the University of Southern California, and graduated from there in 1955.
Career
After his graduation at University of Southern California, Sampler started teaching art at Fremont High School in Los Angeles. Although he would subsequently move on to work at commercial firms, Sampler continued to teach at Fremont High School.
In 1956, Sampler joined a design mentoring group created by Saul Bass, Norm Gollin, Louis Danziger, and Milton Zolotow. The program aimed to help people of color find employment and training in graphic design. Sampler was one of the first designers to benefit from the group. He joined Los Angeles County Museum of Art's design and typography program in the same year. In 1957, Sampler was employed by architecture firm Victor Gruen and Associates; becoming one of the first Black graphic designer to work in major architectural, or design firms in the Los Angeles. In 1963, Sampler became the head of the graphic design department, where he would remain working for 20 years.
In 1973, Gruen & Associates was contracted to design and build South Coast Plaza, a shopping center located in Orange County, California. The firm suggested a dome-like structure where skylight can shine in be built as a part of the mall. Marion Sampler designed the dome, choosing to use stained glass to create a glass dome on the ceiling. Sampler continued to design for the retail company. He was commissioned to create identity design for the mall such as environmental graphics, logos, and tile walls.
In the mid 1980s, Sampler left Gruen & Associates and partnered with Anita Berry to start his own design firm, Anita Berry and Marion Sampler Design. He subsequently started producing paintings along with commissioned design work.
Style
Sampler was known for his usage of geometry and shapes. His signature style featured brightly colored geometric shapes tightly packed into grid-like layouts. Sampler favored triangles and triangular forms, visible in many of his commercial designs as well as in his paintings. Pattern played a central part in Sampler's image making process, as this is a reoccurring theme in his designs. Sampler was influenced by Black quilt makers in Southern America, especially referencing their birds of flight form in his triangular patterns.
Legacy
Sampler's work was largely forgotten after his death. Although recognized during his lifetime, and known well among designer circles in Los Angeles and New York, Sampler has had little acknowledgment after death. Sampler was listed in a few dictionaries of Black artists. His work was also included in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art's exhibition "California Design, 1930-1965: Living in a Modern Way". Four of Sampler's work are held in the collection of the California African American Museum. One of his paintings is held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Aside from other minor exhibitions, his body of work is largely obscured, with New York Times and Design Observer describing him as "forgotten".
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTZDhkfe5N4 - only interview of him conducted by a professor on his sabbatical project
https://www.legacyofoc.com/post/stained-glass-domed-ceiling-by-marion-sampler-1973 - Sampler's most known work, stained glass
https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/686268 - Sampler's pattern design* https://designobserver.com/feature/how-to-unforget/37976
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/28/arts/forgotten-designers.html
https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/686268
http://henrysegerstrom.com/home/business/architecture-development/jewel-court-dome/
https://www.legacyofoc.com/post/stained-glass-domed-ceiling-by-marion-sampler-1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTZDhkfe5N4
1920 births
1998 deaths
African-American graphic designers
American graphic designers
American women graphic designers
Mark Fawcett may refer to:
Mark Fawcett (canoeist)
Mark Fawcett (snowboarder)
A chalcogenide is a chemical compound consisting of at least one chalcogen anion and at least one more electropositive element. Although all group 16 elements of the periodic table are defined as chalcogens, the term chalcogenide is more commonly reserved for sulfides, selenides, tellurides, and polonides, rather than oxides. Many metal ores exist as chalcogenides. Photoconductive chalcogenide glasses are used in xerography. Some pigments and catalysts are also based on chalcogenides. The metal dichalcogenide MoS2 is a common solid lubricant.
Alkali metal and alkaline earth chalcogenides
Alkali metal and alkaline earth monochalcogenides are salt-like, being colourless and often water-soluble. The sulfides tend to undergo hydrolysis to form derivatives containing bisulfide (SH−) anions. The alkali metal chalcogenides often crystallize with the antifluorite structure and the alkaline earth salts in the sodium chloride motif.
Transition metal chalcogenides
Transition metal chalcogenides occur with many stoichiometries and many structures. Most common and most important technologically, however, are the chalcogenides of simple stoichiometries, such as 1:1 and 1:2. Extreme cases include metal-rich phases (e.g. Ta2S), which exhibit extensive metal-metal bonding, and chalcogenide-rich materials such as Re2S7, which features extensive chalcogen-chalcogen bonding.
For the purpose of classifying these materials, the chalcogenide is often viewed as a dianion, i.e., S2−, Se2−, Te2−, and Po2−. In fact, transition metal chalcogenides are highly covalent, not ionic, as indicated by their semiconducting properties.
Metal-rich chalcogenides
In most of their chalcogenides, transition metals adopt oxidation states of II or greater. Nonetheless, several examples exist where the metallic atoms far outnumber the chalcogens. Such compounds typically have extensive metal-metal bonding.
Monochalcogenides
Metal monochalcogenides have the formula ME, where M = a transition metal and E = S, Se, Te. They typically crystallize in one of two motifs, named after the corresponding forms of zinc sulfide. In the zinc blende structure, the sulfide atoms pack in a cubic symmetry and the Zn2+ ions occupy half of the tetrahedral holes. The result is a diamondoid framework. The main alternative structure for the monochalcogenides is the wurtzite structure wherein the atom connectivities are similar (tetrahedral), but the crystal symmetry is hexagonal. A third motif for metal monochalcogenide is the nickel arsenide lattice, where the metal and chalcogenide each have octahedral and trigonal prismatic coordination, respectively. This motif is commonly subject to nonstoichiometry.
Important monochalcogenides include some pigments, notably cadmium sulfide. Many minerals and ores are monosulfides.
Dichalcogenides
Metal dichalcogenides have the formula ME2, where M = a transition metal and E = S, Se, Te. The most important members are the sulfides. They are always dark diamagnetic solids, insoluble in all solvents, and exhibit semiconducting properties. Some are supeconductors.
In terms of their electronic structures, these compounds are usually viewed as derivatives of M4+, where M4+ = Ti4+ (d0 configuration), V4+ (d1 configuration), Mo4+ (d2 configuration). Titanium disulfide was investigated in prototype cathodes for secondary batteries, exploiting its ability to reversibly undergo intercalation by lithium. Molybdenum disulfide is the subject of thousand articles and the main ore of molybdenum, termed molybdenite. It is used as a solid lubricant and catalyst for hydrodesulfurization. The corresponding diselenides and even ditellurides are known, e.g., TiSe2, MoSe2, and WSe2.
Transition metals
Transition metal dichalcogenides typically adopt either cadmium diiodide or molybdenum disulfide structures. In the CdI2 motif, the metals exhibit octahedral structures. In the MoS2 motif, which is not observed for dihalides, the metals exhibit trigonal prismatic structures. The strong bonding between the metal and chalcogenide ligands, contrasts with the weak chalcogenide—chalcogenide bonding between the layers. Owing to these contrasting bond strengths, these materials engage in intercalation by alkali metals. The intercalation process is accompanied by charge transfer, reducing the M(IV) centers to M(III). The attraction between electrons and holes in 2D tungsten diselenide is 100s of times stronger than in a typical 3D semiconductor.
Pyrite and related disulfides
In contrast to classical metal dichalcogenides, iron pyrite, a common mineral, is usually described as consisting of Fe2+ and the persulfido anion S22−. The sulfur atoms within the disulfido dianion are bound together via a short S-S bond. "Late" transition metal disulfides (Mn, Fe, Co, Ni) almost always adopt the pyrite or the related marcasite motif, in contrast to early metals (V, Ti, Mo, W) which adopt 4+ oxidation state with two chalcogenide dianions.
Tri- and tetrachalcogenides
Several metals, mainly for the early metals (Ti, V, Cr, Mn groups) also form trichalcogenides. These materials are usually described as M4+(E22−)(E2−) (where E = S, Se, Te). A well known example is niobium triselenide. Amorphous MoS3 is produced by treatment of tetrathiomolybdate with acid:
MoS42− + 2 H+ → MoS3 + H2S
The mineral patrónite, which has the formula VS4, is an example of a metal tetrachalcogenide. Crystallographic analysis shows that the material can be considered a bis(persulfide), i.e. V4+,(S22−)2.
Main group chalcogenides
Chalcogen derivatives are known for all of the main group elements except the noble gases. Usually, their stoichiometries follow the classical valence trends, e.g. SiS2, B2S3, Sb2S3. Many exceptions exist however, e.g. P4S3 and S4N4. The structures of many main group materials are dictated by directional covalent bonding, rather than by close packing.
The chalcogen is assigned positive oxidation states for the halides, nitrides, and oxides.
See also
Phase-change memory
Chalcogen
Negative resistance
Chalcogenide glass
Hydrogen chalcogenide
References
External links
Advanced Chalcogenide Technologies and Applications Lab ACTAlab Jun 14, 2016
Phase change memory-based 'moneta' system points to the future of computer storage ScienceBlog Jun 03, 2011
Big Blue boffins hatch dirt-cheap solar cells The Register, 12 February 2010
Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Hereward :
a laid down in 1912, her name was changed to HMS Laverock before launch
a launched in 1936 and sunk in 1941
Royal Navy ship names
For garita, see:
bartizan, an overhanging, wall-mounted turret projecting from the walls of mediaeval fortifications
garitas in Mexico, federal highway checkpoints located in border areas
There is a variety of places in Leatherhead, Surrey which are used for leisure and entertainment:
Clubs and activities
Bocketts Farm
Cannons Health Club
Leatherhead Army Cadet Force
Leatherhead & Cobham Cricket Club
Leatherhead F.C.
Leatherhead Golf Club
Leatherhead Leisure Centre
Leatherhead Museum
Odeon Cinemas (In Epsom)
Miniature Railway Club
Leatherhead Theatre (Formerly the Thorndike Theatre)
Tyrrells Wood Golf Club
Stoke d'Abernon Cricket Club
Pubs
Duke's Head
The Edmund Tilney
The Penny Black
The Plough
The Royal Oak
The Running Horse
The Star (Surrey/Greater London County line runs through the bar.)
Social clubs
Constitutional Club (Former Conservative Club)
Leatherhead and District Social Club, C&IU Affiliate.
Leatherhead Royal British Legion Club, C&IU Affiliate.
North Leatherhead Community Association (NLCA)
Hotels
Travelodge, in Leatherhead and Dorking
Swan Lodge B&B
Burford Bridge Hotel, historic hotel in Mickleham, where Lord Nelson spent his last hours with his love Emma Hamilton, before the Battle of Trafalgar
Woodlands Park Hotel
Tourist attractions in Surrey
Leatherhead
Gerda Herrmann (June 30, 1931 in Cannstatt – † April 15, 2021) was a German composer and poet. She had been living in Botnang since the 1960s and wrote more than 400 songs, setting to music both her own and other authors' lyrics. Many of her songs have been performed at 12 benefit concerts (as of 2019).
Life and work
Gerda Herrmann received piano lessons for almost three years from 1941-1943, until her school was evacuated to Metzingen due to aerial bombings. From then on, she played the piano without receiving further lessons. Her father was an association auditor. After he was denounced to authorities, he was drafted into the German army and fell in 1944 as a soldier. In July 1944, Herrmann was in Stuttgart and at 13 years old witnessed the heavy bombings of the city and their aftermath.
In 1972, Herrmann wrote her first poem, when she was asked to write one for a service held at Friendenskirche Stuttgart in support of Amnesty International. In 1984, Gerda Herrmann wrote her first composition titled "Elegie". Since then, she set texts by many authors to music, among them Annette von Droste-Hülshoff, Joachim Ringelnatz, Arthur Schnitzler and Walther von der Vogelweide. In 2013, Herrmann set to music a love poem that her father had written into his diary in 1923. She remained active until the end, and in her last press interview published one week before her death in April 2021, Herrmann talked about the most recent song she was working on.
Herrmann herself described her style as "not modern", but "most likely to be classified as belonging to the romantic period". Additionally, her style became more simple in her old age, which she attributed to Angelus Silesius' quote "Human, focus on the essence". Herrmann regarded her song that sets Rilke's poem "Der Panther" to music as her favorite of her own songs.
So far, many of Herrmann's songs have been performed at 12 benefit concerts in favor of various societies and organisations. The first concert took place in 1991 at Schloss Solitude.
On June 29, 2019, the documentary film The Songwriter of Botnang by Alexander Tuschinski had its world premiere at Delphi Arthaus Kino in Stuttgart. It addresses Herrmann's life and oeuvre. The following year, the film had its US premiere screening in competition at Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival and was additionally screened in competition at Berlin Independent Film Festival. The film additionally won a "Bronze Remi Award" at WorldFest in Houston, 2020.
Encouraging creative writing by young people
From 2003, until her death, Gerda Herrman was a founding member as well as deputy chairwoman of the Förderkreis Kreatives Schreiben und Musik, which publishes anthologies featuring texts by young people. The first anthology was published already before founding of the society, using parts of the proceeds from a benefit concert that showcased some of Herrmann's songs in the white hall of the New Palace in Stuttgart in 1999. The anthologies have been accepted to be recorded in the archive for children's texts of Martin-Luther-Universität Halle-Wittenberg and contain texts of different genres and styles. In 2010, a poem by Ingeborg Wenger from the anthology "ÜberBrücken" was displayed as part of the program "Lyrik Unterwegs" inside metro trains in Stuttgart. Herrmann set several poems from these anthologies to music.
Further commitments
Additionally, from 1968 until the birth of her third child in 1972, Herrmann committed for Amnesty International and regards Amnesty's work as "important". She was a founding member of Group 49.
References
External links
UK Film Review: Interview with Gerda Herrmann and Alexander Tuschinski
1931 births
2021 deaths
20th-century German composers
20th-century German poets
German women composers
German women poets
Musicians from Stuttgart
Audubon Colorado Council (ACC) in an organization that coordinates efforts of all Colorado Audubon chapters in keeping with goals of the Audubon Rockies and National Audubon Society. The mission of the National Audubon Society's (NAS) is "to conserve and restore natural ecosystems, focusing on birds, other wildlife, and their habitats for the benefit of humanity and the earth's biological diversity." Representatives of Colorado Audubon chapters meet throughout the year to work on conservation, public policy, and water talk force committees.
There are 11 chapters of the Audubon Colorado Council, including the Black Canyon Audubon Society, Audubon Society of Greater Denver and Boulder County, Weminuche, Fort Collins, Arkansas Valley, and Aiken (Colorado Springs).
The council meets with legislators, Colorado Parks and Wildlife, and the media, such as High Country News to evaluate proposals and lobby for laws.
References
External links
Audubon Rockies, representing Colorado, Wyoming, Utah
Black Canyon Audubon Society
National Audubon Society
Audubon movement
Bird conservation organizations
Ornithological organizations in the United States
Nature conservation organizations based in the United States
Environmental organizations based in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Colorado
Organizations based in Colorado
Nature centers in Colorado
Tallaboa Saliente is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 244.
History
Tallaboa was an important village, led by "beloved caciques", before the Spanish and European colonization of Puerto Rico in the late 15th century.
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Tallaboa Saliente and Cuebas barrios was 940.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico
Braula is a genus of flies (Diptera) in the family Braulidae. These are very unusual flies, wingless and flattened, and barely recognizable as Diptera. Braula coeca Nitzsch is a pest of honey bees. The larvae tunnel through the wax honeycomb and the adults are found on the bodies of honey bees. There is some debate whether the bee louse causes damage to the honey bee. These flies sometimes can be found at places where bees congregate such as flowers or salt licks, waiting to grab onto hosts from uninfested nests.
Braula is cosmopolitan and about 1.6 mm in length.
Species
Braula coeca Nitzsch, 1818
Braula kohli Schmitz, 1914
Braula orientalis Òròsi Pál, 1963
Braula pretoriensis Òròsi Pál, 1939
Braula schmitzi Òròsi Pál, 1939
References
External links
Braula coeca, bee louse on the University of Florida / Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences Featured Creatures website
Photograph of a bee louse
Braulidae
Western honey bee pests
Carnoidea genera
Diptera of Europe
Diptera of Africa
Diptera of Asia
Diptera of North America
Diptera of South America
Diptera of Australasia
Wingless Diptera
Taxa named by Christian Ludwig Nitzsch
Vâna Mare may refer to the following rivers in Romania:
Vâna Mare, a tributary of the Cernat in Buzău County
Vâna Mare (Lanca Birda), in Timiș County
Vâna Mare (Timiș), in Caraș-Severin and Timiș Counties
The fawn-breasted whistler (Pachycephala orpheus) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is found on the islands of Timor and Wetar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Alternate names for the fawn-breasted whistler include the Sunda whistler and Timor whistler. The former name is shared with the bare-throated whistler.
References
whistler, fawn-breasted
Birds of Timor
Birds of Wetar
fawn-breasted whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Microseris campestris is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name San Joaquin silverpuffs. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the San Joaquin Valley and adjacent Sierra Nevada foothills, and the central California Coast Ranges. It is a resident of grassland and open slope habitats, sometimes near vernal pools.
Description
Microseris campestris is an annual herb growing up to half a meter-1.5 feet tall from a basal rosette of erect leaves; there is no true stem. Each leaf is up to 20 centimeters long and has edges divided into many lobes.
The inflorescence is borne on a peduncle arising from ground level. The flower head contains up to 100 white or yellow ray florets. The fruit is an achene with a gray or brown, sometimes speckled body a few millimeters long. At the tip of the body is a large pappus made up of five long, bristly scales.
External links
Calflora Database: Microseris campestris (San Joaquin microseris, San Joaquin silverpuffs)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Microseris campestris
USDA Plants Profile for Microseris campestris (San Joaquin silverpuffs)
Flora of North America
UC Photos gallery — Microseris campestris
campestris
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
~
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
White Light/Black Rain: The Destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki is an HBO documentary film directed and produced by Steven Okazaki. It was released on August 6, 2007, on HBO, marking the 62nd anniversary of the first atomic bombing. The film features interviews with fourteen Japanese survivors and four Americans involved in the 1945 atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Interviews
Japanese survivors
In preparation for the film, Okazaki met with more than 500 Japanese survivors of the bombings and collected over 100 interviews before settling on the fourteen subjects featured in the film. They were, in order of appearance, including age at the time of the bombings:
Shigeko Sasamori, 13 years old. Sasamori came to the United States in 1955 to undergo reconstructive plastic surgery as part of a group of women called the Hiroshima Maidens.
Keiji Nakazawa, 6 years old. Nakazawa lost most of his family in the bombing and later recounted his story in the Barefoot Gen manga series and the follow-up story, an autobiography, I Saw It.
Yasuyo Tanaka and Chiemi Oka, 9 and 10 years old. Tanaka and Oka were the only survivors among 20 children housed at a Catholic orphanage in Nagasaki.
Sakue Shimohira, 10 years old. Shimohira survived along with her sister, but lost her mother and brother to the bombing. Her sister later committed suicide.
Kyoko Imori, 11 years old. Imori and her friend were the only survivors out of 620 students attending a Hiroshima school, although her friend died a week later from radiation poisoning.
Katsuji Yoshida, 13 years old. Yoshida incurred several injuries in the blast, including the right side of his face, which was disfigured by a severe burn.
Sunao Tsuboi, 20 years old. At the time of the bombing, Tsuboi majored in science at a Hiroshima University.
Shuntaro Hida, 28 years old. Military doctor who treated Hiroshima survivors after the bombing.
Satoru Fukahori, 11 years old. Orphaned
Pan Yeon Kim, 8 years old. Prior to the bombing her family immigrated to Japan from Korea to escape starvation.
Etsuko Nagano, 16 years old. Nagano lost her brother and sister to the bombing.
Senji Yamaguchi, 14 years old. During his lengthy hospitalization Yamaguchi started a survivors' group to petition the Japanese government to provide medical care to victims of the bombings.
Sumiteru Taniguchi, 16 years old. Taniguchi was a mail carrier and incurred heavy burns during the blast.
American personnel
Okazaki also interviewed four Americans for the film. Morris R. Jeppson, weapons test officer, and Theodore "Dutch" Van Kirk, navigator, were on board the Enola Gay during the bombing missions. Harold Agnew joined them as a scientific observer during the Hiroshima mission. Lawrence Johnston was a scientist at Los Alamos who claims to be the only person to have witnessed the Trinity test as well as the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Recognition
White Light/Black Rain was named by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as one of 15 films considered for nomination as the Best Documentary Feature for the 80th Academy Awards. It was not included among the five nominees. The film was also a nominee for the Motion Picture Producer of the Year Award at the 2008 Producers Guild Awards and the Grand Jury Prize at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It did win the 2008 "Exceptional Merit in Nonfiction Filmmaking" Primetime Emmy Award.
See also
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission
Hibakusha
Hiroshima Peace Memorial
Hiroshima (BBC documentary)
References
External links
Official Site
2007 films
2007 in the environment
American documentary films
Japanese-American films
World War II television documentaries
Documentary films about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Television shows about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Films directed by Steven Okazaki
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Primetime Emmy Award-winning broadcasts
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
JDS Erimo (AMC-491) was a minelayer of Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) in the mid-1950s.
Construction and career
Erimo was laid down on 10 December 1954 and launched on 12 July 1955 by Uraga Dock Company Uraga Shipyard. She was commissioned on 28 December 1955 and was homeported in Yokosuka under the Warfare Force.
She joined the Kure District Force on June 1, 1958.
She joined the 1st Mine Warfare Force on May 1, 1960, in Kure.
She joined the 2nd Mine Warfare Force on September 1, 1961, in Yokosuka.
She returned to the 1st Mine Warfare Force on March 15, 1969.
On March 31, 1976, she was reclassified as an auxiliary vessel, her registration number was changed to YAS-69, and she became the mother ship of the Explosive Ordnance Corps belonging to the Kure. When she was reclassified into an auxiliary vessel, she was equipped with a soft-ball submersible, and the mine-loading hoist and part of the minelaying rails were removed. In addition, the mine-mounted crane in the center was removed and replaced by a new diving instrument.
She was decommissioned on March 27, 1982. Her mileage since her commissioning until removal was about 720,000 kilometers.
Citations
Ships built by Uraga Dock Company
1955 ships
Mine warfare vessels of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
Minelayers of Japan
Star Wars Battlefront: Elite Squadron is a third-person shooter video game based on the Star Wars franchise. It is the fourth installment in the Star Wars: Battlefront series, and the second handheld exclusive, after Star Wars Battlefront: Renegade Squadron. It was released on November 3, 2009, in North America and November 6 in Europe, for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable.
The game's single-player campaign follows an elite clone trooper named "X2" created from the DNA of a Jedi Master, who, upon the formation of the Galactic Empire, joins the Rebel Alliance and takes part in all major battles throughout the Galactic Civil War, later going on to serve the New Republic and train as a Jedi, while also facing fellow clone X1, who had become a Sith. The campaign is part of the now non-canonical Star Wars Legends continuity and features appearances from several characters from the movies and other Star Wars media, such as Luke Skywalker and Rahm Kota (a main character in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed).
Gameplay
Elite Squadron allows players to participate in combat on foot, in ground vehicles or in space. Players are also able to enter capital ships and, once the shields are down, fight the enemy inside on foot. The ground-space transitions are accompanied by short cutscenes while the game loads the next area. The same is also true of entering or exiting a capital ship. This is the first Battlefront game to allow players to fly from ground to space battles. The consequences of each battle will depend on the players actions, meaning that each individual enemy killed can affect the outcome of a result. The battlefront will not be one giant, seamless map, but a compilation of inter-connected, smaller size areas, each one capable of affecting the other.
It includes playable characters such as Luke Skywalker, Boba Fett, Darth Vader, Darth Maul, The Emperor and Kit Fisto, and the Heroes and Villains mode (Assault Mode) last featured in Star Wars: Battlefront II. Also included is General Rahm Kota, a character from Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, as well as other characters from Renegade Squadron, such as Col Serra. Also, the Galactic Conquest mode features a new mechanic not seen in previous versions, where two players are able to share a single PSP, and compete against each other in a strategy based game mode. Players are also able to mix characters from the Star Wars saga and put them into locations and situations that never happened within canon. The story mode has been called "a huge step up from previous story modes", and was praised for incorporating the controls into the mission. As players made progress in the story and completed objectives, they would unlock customization props.
Plot
The game's campaign takes place in the Star Wars Legends canon, beginning around the time of Revenge of the Sith and covering events up to Return of the Jedi, as well as some that go beyond the films. Throughout the campaign, the player assumes the role of X2, an elite clone trooper created from the DNA of a Jedi Master. Along with his brother X1, he is assigned to serve under Jedi General Ferroda, and oversee the training of the clone army used by the Galactic Republic in the Clone Wars. Under Ferroda's command, X2 and X1 are assigned various missions throughout the war, including defending a training camp on Tatooine, and fighting in the Battles of Coruscant and Cato Neimodia. During the latter, Order 66 is issued, branding all Jedi as traitors to the Republic, including Ferroda. X2 reluctantly executes him, an action he soon comes to regret. Following the transformation of the Republic into the Galactic Empire, X1 joins the Empire, while X2 goes rogue, haunted by the memory of killing Ferroda.
X2 travels to Dantooine to meet his genetic template, Jedi Master Falon Grey, who trains X2 in the Jedi arts, teaching him how to use his Force abilities. Not long into X2's training, their location is discovered by the Empire, and X1 leads an assault. X2 manages to escape, but is badly injured, while Grey is killed during the fight. Years later, blind Jedi Master Rahm Kota finds X2 and convinces him to join the Rebel Alliance, where he forms Grey Squadron in honor of Grey. Shortly before the Battle of Yavin, X2 encounters former bounty hunter Shara and convinces her to join Grey Squadron. Three years later, during the Battle of Hoth, X2 infiltrates a Star Destroyer and plants explosives to destroy it, but runs into X1, who had started training in the Dark Side of the Force. The two clones briefly engage in a duel, before both are forced to escape when the ship is destroyed.
Roughly one year later, following the Battle of Endor and the Empire's defeat, X2 begins training under Luke Skywalker for his inevitable battle with his brother. After locating X1's base at Darth Vader's abandoned castle on Vjun, X2, Shara and the rest of Grey Squadron investigate and manage to track down X1 to Mustafar. There, X1 confronts X2, now a Sith Lord, who has captured Luke and reveals he is planning to build a new Empire under his rule. The two clones engage in a final duel, and X2 emerges victorious. With X1 dead and Luke rescued, Grey Squadron leave Mustafar, with X2 reflecting on the challenges the New Republic has yet to face.
Development
The PlayStation Portable version was developed by Rebellion Developments, who developed the previous Battlefront game, Renegade Squadron. It features twelve campaign missions and a deeper customization system than Renegade Squadrons, boasting "the deepest customization options ever seen in a Star Wars Battlefront title". Players can customize weaponry, armor, species, and other physical attributes. Sixteen player multiplayer is supported, with statistic tracking. The game is played from the traditional third person, over-the-shoulder perspective. On October 25, 2009, a demo was released on the PlayStation Store allowing players to play on the planet Tatooine.
The Nintendo DS version was developed by n-Space, known for the DS installments to the Call of Duty series, World at War and Modern Warfare, and uses a modified version of the same game engine used for the DS version of Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, a fact that becomes evident as this version recycles the dialog UI from the DS version of Unleashed and was developed by the same team that worked on the DS version of Unleashed. This version features eleven campaign missions and up to four players via wi-fi connection. The game features no customization, but instead uses the traditional class-based system. It uses an isometric view, similar to a modern dungeon crawler. Unlike classic Battlefront games, Instant Action is played with only four players, usually one from each faction. There are three modes – Free-For-All, Team Game and Hero Mode. Games are won in space by destroying enemy ships to earn points, in capital ships by collecting R2 units, and on the ground by capturing command posts and killing enemies.
Reception
Star Wars Battlefront: Elite Squadron received mixed reviews. Metacritic gave it a score of 63 out of 100 for the PSP version, and 61 out of 100 for the DS version.
IGN gave the PSP version a score of 6 out of 10. GameSpot gave the same version 7 out of 10, commending its campaign mode and its three linked battlefronts, as well as the customization options it provides. GameSpot, however, criticized the little impact that the space battles had on the overall outcome, and the controls, calling them "stiff and awkward".
The DS version received a 6.9 out of 10 score from IGN, praising the single-player storyline but stating that the Instant Action feature "leaves a lot to be desired".
References
External links
Battlefront series official site
2009 video games
LucasArts games
Nintendo DS games
PlayStation Portable games
Rebellion Developments games
Star Wars: Battlefront
Third-person shooters
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games developed in the United States
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Majorqaq is a meltwater river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. It is one of the widest rivers in western Greenland, draining the Greenland ice sheet.
Geography
Majorqaq is approximately long. The river source at is an outflow glacier draining the Greenland ice sheet, in the far inland region of the country. Majorqaq retains approximately the same width for the entire length of the river flow, from its source to its large delta, carrying large quantities of glacial silt. The river flow is variable, with large patches of quicksands across its entire length, particularly near the delta. The river empties into Isortoq Fjord at .
Economy
Hunting
While the water from the river is not drinkable due to silt, the highland region around the river is used for game hunting. Due to considerable isolation of the region near the ice sheet, there is a large number of reindeer and muskox in the region.
Hydropower
There are advanced plans for the Alcoa aluminium smelting plant in the Qeqqata municipality. Maniitsoq, the second-largest town in the municipality, is one of the proposed locations, alongside the municipal center in Sisimiut. The plant would provide employment for 600–700 people, or more than 10 percent of the population. As it is a vital decision for the town, wide public consultations were carried out in 2008–2010 by both the town authorities and the Government of Greenland in order to address potential environmental and social concerns.
A hydroelectric power plant at the river source would yield an estimated energy output of 1,000 gigawatt-hours per year. Combined with the second plant near Kangerlussuatsiaq Fjord with 3,170 gigawatt-hours per year, the energy would be sufficient to power the aluminium plant near Maniitsoq. The ultimate decision as to the location of the plant has not yet been taken.
See also
List of rivers of Greenland
References
Rivers of Greenland
Valleys of Greenland
Eyles's harrier (Circus teauteensis) is an extinct bird of prey which lived in New Zealand. This species was named after Jim Eyles, paleontologist and former director of the Nelson Provincial Museum and the West Coast Museum. It was presumably somewhat similar to the living spotted harrier, its closest living relative, from which it diverged around 2.4 million years ago.
It was an example of island gigantism, as an adult female weighed around , over twice as much as a swamp harrier. It was a generalist predator, taking prey of the same size as small eagle species do; land animals weighing one or a few kilograms. In its hunting strategy, however, it was more adapted to avian prey, as mammals were entirely absent from New Zealand. Its shape differed from that of most other harriers, and it was initially mistaken for a huge hawk, possibly a giant Accipiter. Presumably, it hunted diurnal birds in a manner similar to goshawks.
The nomenclature and taxonomy of this bird are quite convoluted. As Circus eylesi it was only described in the mid-20th century, from remains found in Pyramid Valley in the South Island of New Zealand. However, essentially identical bones had been found about 100 years earlier by Augustus Hamilton and discussed subsequently by Henry Ogg Forbes; this material probably comes from the Te Aute region in the North Island. Forbes gave it the names Circus hamiltoni and Circus teauteensis, but since it seems no holotype was ever formally named nor can be deduced from the minimal description, these names are generally considered nomina nuda. Sometimes C. teauteensis is considered valid, based on the argument that as with many New Zealand birds, it is reasonable to assume that North and South Island populations were at least distinct subspecies, if not species. But even though Kálmán Lambrecht mentioned a putative holotype tibiotarsus (which still exists in the BMNH) he explicitly stated that Forbes' names were both invalid. In addition, harrier bones of comparatively recent age in the collection of Walter Mantell, assigned to C. gouldi (an obsolete name of C. approximans) by Richard Lydekker, seem to be of a more robust bird judging from the published descriptions; this material may now be lost, but all things considered it is not unlikely to be the first remains of Eyles' harrier known to science.
A noted explorer, Charles Edward Douglas, claims in his journals that he had an encounter with two raptors of immense size in the Landsborough River valley (probably in the 1870s), and shot and ate them. These birds might have been a last remnant of the mighty pouakai (Haast's eagle), but this is very unlikely: for about half a millennium before then there had not been enough suitable prey for a population of Haast's eagle to maintain itself; furthermore, 19th-century Māori lore was quite adamant that the pouakai was a bird not seen in living memory.
Still, Douglas' observations on wildlife are generally trustworthy; a more probable explanation, given that the alleged three-metre wingspan of Douglas' birds is unlikely to have been more than a rough estimate, is that the birds were Eyles' harriers – modern estimates tend to assume that a 3-metre wingspan is decidedly large even for Haast's eagle; the wingspan of Eyles' harrier was probably somewhat short of 2 metres. Although the Eyles' harrier also became extinct in prehistoric times, its dietary habits alone make it a more likely candidate for late survival.
The modern swamp harrier occurs all over New Zealand today. Even though the bones of its females can be mistaken for those of Eyles's harrier's males (as they differ little except in stoutness), all swamp harrier remains from the islands that have been studied in detail are some 1000 years old at most. That means that they post-date human settlement, i.e. there is no evidence for widespread coexistence of swamp and Eyles' harriers on New Zealand. Apparently, despite their considerable differences, the two harriers were still ecologically similar enough to competitively exclude one another, and only when the endemic Eyles' harrier became extinct could C. approximans become established.
References
External links
Wingspan Birds of Prey Trust
Zealand Birds Online
Eyles's harrier
Extinct birds of New Zealand
Bird extinctions since 1500
Late Quaternary prehistoric birds
Eyles's harrier
Not Me (; , He... Is Not Me) is a Thai action drama television series, starring Jumpol Adulkittiporn (Off) and Atthaphan Phunsawat (Gun). The plot revolves around White disguising himself as his twin Black in order to discover who betrayed him, and who attacked him and put him in a coma.
Directed by Anucha Boonyawatana (Nuchie) and produced by the Thai production company GMMTV, this series is one of sixteen television series of the corporation for 2021 during their "GMMTV 2021: The New Decade Begins" event on 3 December 2020. It will air every Sunday at 20:30 (8:30 pm) on GMM25 (replacing the Sunday rerun of Our Skyy) and the streaming platform AIS PLAY simultaneously. The official trailer was released on 29 November 2021, along with its official casts and characters.
Synopsis
Black and White are twins who have a strong bond. White's father, however, moved him out of the country after their parents divorced, thereby splitting their family in two. White, now grown, does not return to Thailand for another fifteen years. He was brought to the hospital after experiencing a life-threatening discomfort while eating one day. White was stumped as to what had caused it. Then he got a call from Tod (Harit Cheewagaroon), a boyhood buddy, informing him that his twin, Black, had been beaten into a coma. White then prepared himself on a mission to track out the assailant who attacked Black. Tod relates the narrative of Black's transformation into a lifeless motorcycle gang.
As he disguised himself as Black, he began to assume the villain was one of his twin's close friends, Sean (Jumpol Adulkittiporn), Gram (Tanutchai Wijitwongthong), or Yok (Kanaphan Puitrakul). At Kumpha's (Phromphiriya Thongputtaruk) garage, White attempts to locate the person he believes is most likely to resent Black, but learns that everyone despises Black. Despite the fact that they were friends from the same gang, White was unsure how much he knew about his twin brother's identity. Or that he was completely oblivious to what he was saying. When Sean and White are together, White's befuddlement prompts Sean to doubt and distrust him since he isn't the Black he is used to. Furthermore, unlike the new Black, who is basically the opposite, Black has a skeptical nature and has never cared about how others feel.
Will White find out the truth that happened to the twin brother or not? How will the relationship that was formed between White and Sean end?
Cast and characters
Main
Atthaphan Phunsawat (Gun) as Black / White
Jumpol Adulkittiporn (Off) as Sean
Supporting
Tanutchai Wijitwongthong (Mond) as Gram
Kanaphan Puitrakul (First) as Yok
Harit Cheewagaroon (Sing) as Tod
Gawin Caskey (Fluke) as Dan
Phromphiriya Thongputtaruk (Papang) as Kumpha
Rachanun Mahawan (Film) as Eugene
Bhasidi Petchsutee (Lookjun) as Namo
Reception
Thailand television ratings
In the table below, represents the lowest ratings and represents the highest ratings.
Based on the average audience share per episode.
Soundtracks
International broadcast
Philippines – The series is one of five GMMTV television series acquired by ABS-CBN Corporation after its successful acquisition of eight previous series under GMMTV. It was announced by Dreamscape Entertainment on 28 June 2021.
References
External links
Not Me on GMM 25 website
Not Me on AIS Play
GMMTV
2020s LGBT-related drama television series
2021 Thai television series debuts
2021 Thai television series endings
Television series by GMMTV
Thai boys' love television series
Thai action television series
Jellett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Hewitt Jellett (1817–1888), college head, provost of Trinity College, Dublin
Eva Jellett, first woman to graduate in medicine from Trinity College, Dublin
Henry Jellett (father) (died 1901), Irish Anglican priest and Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, father of the gynaecologist
William Morgan Jellett (1857–1936), Irish Unionist Member of Parliament in the UK Parliament
Edwin Jellett (1860–1929), American writer from Germantown, Philadelphia
Henry Jellett (son) (1872–1948), Irish gynaecologist and author, son of the dean
Mainie Jellett (1897–1944), Irish painter
John Holmes Jellett (1905–1971), British civil engineer
Rob Jellett, Canadian local politician – City Councillor in Ottawa, Ontario
See also
Cellettes (disambiguation)
Kellet (disambiguation)
Hibbertia miniata, commonly known as orange flower,
is a small shrub in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
Hibbertia miniata is either an erect small shrub or grows horizontally along the ground and high and rounded in outline. The leaves are lance-shaped, broader and rounded at the apex, sessile, long, wide, densely covered with grey short, soft, matted hairs or soft, silky hairs. The leaf edges rolled under, becoming more pronounced as they dry. The mid-rib on the underside prominent. The dry flower bracts are broad, brown, egg-shaped to lance egg-shaped, concave, smooth and acute at the apex. The peduncles are smooth with very short silky hairs. The sepals are lanced to egg-shaped, long, silky with white, soft, flattened hairs and sharply pointed. The large orange to reddish-orange flower petals are egg-shaped, deeply lobed, long and wide. The flowers are borne singly or in small groups at the end of the branches on a short stalk. Flowering occurs from August to November.
Taxonomy and naming
Hibbertia miniata was first formally described in 1936 by Charles Austin Gardner and the description was published in Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia. The species name (miniata) is a Latin word meaning "flame-scarlet".
Distribution and habitat
Orange flower hibbertia has a restricted distribution, grows in gravelly lateritic soils in Chittering, Gingin, Moora, Toodyay and Victoria Plains.
References
miniata
Eudicots of Western Australia
Taxa named by Charles Gardner
Menachem Yedid (; 15 January 1918 – 5 May 2013) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal and Likud between 1965 and 1977.
Biography
Born in Aleppo in Syria in 1918, Yedid was educated at a high school and yeshiva, before making aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1935. In the same year he joined Betar. He later became a member of the Irgun, and was arrested by the British authorities in 1939 and again in 1946. He also was a member of the secretariat and executive committee of the National Labour Federation in Eretz-Israel.
In 1948 he was amongst the founders of Herut, and also established a branch of the party in the Hatikva Quarter in Tel Aviv, serving as its chairman. Between 1950 and 1965 he worked for Tel Aviv city council, before being elected to the Knesset on the Gahal list (an alliance of Herut and the Liberal Party) in the 1965 elections. He was re-elected in 1969 and 1973 (by which time Gahal had merged into Likud), before losing his seat in the 1977 elections.
Yedid also served as secretary of the Association of Aleppo and Syrian Émigrés.
References
External links
1918 births
2013 deaths
Syrian Jews
Syrian emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
People from Aleppo
Betar members
Irgun members
Herut politicians
Israeli people of Syrian-Jewish descent
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Gahal politicians
Likud politicians
Jews in the French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon
Members of the 6th Knesset (1965–1969)
Members of the 7th Knesset (1969–1974)
Members of the 8th Knesset (1974–1977)
Burials at Nahalat Yitzhak Cemetery
Fuller Earle Callaway Sr. (1870–1928) was an American textile manufacturer who was regarded as one of the leading industrial magnates of the Southern United States during the first decades of the 20th century.
Biography
Early years
Fuller E. Callaway was born in the county seat of LaGrange in Troup County, Georgia, on July 15, 1870, the son of a second-generation Baptist minister, Rev. Abner Reeves Callaway. His mother, the former Sarah Jane Howard, died when Fuller was 8 years old. He is a descendant of the family that founded the Callaway Plantation in Washington, Georgia.
Entrepreneurial in spirit from his youth, at age 18 Callaway made use of $500 he had saved in addition to borrowed starting capital and launched a dime store in his native LaGrange. He followed the business model established by F.W. Woolworth & Co. Callaway's venture proved successful. After expansion, his Callaway Department Store became the largest such firm in LaGrange and the flagship of a small regional chain.
Textile manufacturer
Callaway's success as a dry goods merchant provided him with capital of his own. In 1895 he invested in LaGrange's first modern textile manufacturing facility, Dixie Mills.
Callaway later recalled:
It was like the measles in the South in those days. Every town wanted to build a cotton mill.... We did not have much of anything, but we got up a cotton mill; and auctioned off the directorships. Anybody that would take $5,000 worth of stock, we would make a director; and if a widow with a son had $2,000, we would make the son a bookkeeper.... A good many of the laborers took stock in it. We had a great many poor white people with the highest type of morality and religion. They could not produce cotton at five cents a pound against the negro; and these men began to move to town as cotton mill operatives.
Although the mill was originally run with managers brought to the South from New England, investors soon prevailed upon Callaway to take over the active management of the facility himself. The operation was put onto a sound footing, and Callaway cashed out his stock in the operation, determined to leave the textile business. This decision proved to be short-lived, however.
In 1901, Callaway was a leading investor in a new facility, Unity Mills. Callaway worked as secretary-treasurer of the company, later known as Kex Plant, and continued to reinvest his profits over the subsequent two decades. He opened several other mills within a 100-mile radius of LaGrange.
Callaway subsequently expanded his regional empire into other businesses, helping to launch such firms as the LaGrange National Bank, the LaGrange Savings Bank, Security Warehouse Company, the Callaway Development Company, and the Manchester Development Company.
Callaway served as a Railroad Commissioner of Georgia from 1907 to 1909 (the predecessor to the Public Service Commission). For a time he was the president of the American Cotton Manufacturers Association.
In 1919 Callaway was named by President Woodrow Wilson as one of 22 members of a blue ribbon Industrial Relations Committee. They met in October of that year in an attempt to negotiate broad agreement on wages and prices in the rapidly evolving post-World War I American economy, but were unsuccessful. It was an era of strikes in major industries as workers struggled for better wages and working conditions, while the economy was absorbing thousands of veterans returning to the work force.
Death and legacy
Fuller E. Callaway Sr. died on February 12, 1928, at his home, Hills and Dales Estate in LaGrange, Georgia. One son, Fuller E. Callaway Jr., would later become the CEO of Callaway Mills. Callaway Plaza on the campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology is named after him. The other son, Cason Jewel Callaway, founded Callaway Gardens.
Footnotes
Further reading
Helen Christine Bennett, "The Homely Wisdom of Fuller E. Callaway," American Magazine, October 1920.
Alice Hand Callaway and Forrest Clark Johnson III, Family Gleanings: A Collection of History and Heritage. LaGrange, GA: privately printed, 1997.
Arthur B. Edge, Fuller E. Callaway, 1870-1928, Founder of Callaway Mills. New York: Newcomen Society, 1954.
Donna Jean Whitley, Fuller E. Callaway and Textile Mill Development in LaGrange, 1895-1920. Ph.D. dissertation. Emory University, 1984.
Samuel Taylor Geer, "Callaways of Western Wilkes County, Georgia: Ancestors, Descendants, and Allied Families of John and Bethany Arnold Callaway." Baltimore: Gateway Press, 2007.
Buckner F. Melton Jr. and Carol Willcox Melton, "Fuller E. Callaway: Portrait of New South Citizen." Winston-Salem: Looking Glass Books, Inc., 2015.
1870 births
1928 deaths
American company founders
Progressive Era in the United States
People from LaGrange, Georgia
Callaway family
Central Pier was one of two piers in Morecambe, Lancashire, England. Built during the late 1860s, it was long and featured a large pier head served by steamboats. Two significant fires occurred during its lifetime, one in 1933 destroying the pavilion then dubbed the "Taj Mahal of the North", and another in 1991, the latter which condemned the pier as unsafe and demolition took place the following year in 1992.
Layout
An arcade existed at the pier entrance with covered walkways either side that led onto a central covered walkway. At the pier head was a ballroom, small theatre and a skating rink, the latter two having been added following widening into a T-shape configuration. The promenade was wide with 140mm timber boards laid in a longitude arrangement.
History
The pier was proposed around 1867 and began construction the following year, opening on 25 March 1869 at a cost of £10,000 (). Built at a length of , the pier was enlarged during the early 1870s at a cost of £5000 () and strengthened in 1896. In September 1895, a considerable portion of the landing stage collapsed as a steamer was approaching, causing over 50 people to fall into water in front of hundreds of spectators. The disaster, thought to be caused by corroded bolts, claimed the lives of three victims. A pavilion was built sometime around 1897 although was destroyed in a fire in 1933, replaced by art deco style buildings of a simpler architecture. Steamers called at a pier until 1914.
Following the opening of new West End Pier, the older pier, then renamed to Central Pier, opened its own grander pavilion in July 1898, which with a capacity of 3,000 people, could hold 50% more than the newer West End Pier's five-domed pavilion. The longer traveling distance from Lancashire's cotton towns meant Morecambe was only able to attract around 10% of the numbers that Blackpool's piers attracted. Dubbed the "Taj Mahal of the North", the building was destroyed by a fire in the early evening of 31 July 1933. At the time, the pier was mostly deserted although within 30 minutes, the fire had spread to the pavilion while wind blew sparks onto nearby promenade buildings causing some to alight. Thousands of onlookers watched firefighters try and control the blaze, with priority given to preventing flames destroying the pier decking. The fire, which was the third pier fire in that week, destroyed 12 shops and band instruments which were inside the pavilion. A new 2000-seat ballroom was built during the mid-1930s at a cost of £25,000 ().
Closure and demolition
During Easter of 1986, decking collapsed at the seaward end of the pier which forced its closure and a fire on 4 February the following year damaged the amusement arcade. Having been declared unsafe in 1987, another fire destroyed the pavilion and ballroom on 31 March 1991 and following a condemnation report by the council, demolition occurred in March the following year.
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
Piers in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in Morecambe
The Self-portrait is commonly dated between 1504 and 1506. It measures 47.5 cm by 33 cm. The portrait was noted in an inventory of the private collection of Duke Leopoldo de' Medici, completed in 1675, and later listed in the 1890 Uffizi inventory.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
Portraits by Raphael
Paintings by Raphael in the Uffizi
1500s paintings
Raphael
Michael Lomax (born 25 September 1978 in Chingford, London is a British Welterweight boxer. Nicknamed "The Look", Lomax is a former ABA champion and was the winner of Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights
Early career
In July 2005, at the age of 25, Lomax began his professional boxing career with a decision victory over journeyman Ernie Smith. Lomax boxed his way to a 10-0 record before a point draw with Silence Saheed ended his winning run in March 2007. On 6 July 2007, Lomax was outclassed on his way to a points defeat to Craig Watson.
Prizefighter
During the Prizefighter tournament held on 23 October 2008, Lomax suffered two cuts in his first bout with Craig Dickson. He received two stitches to a cut in his forehead before going on to defeat former British light-welterweight champion Nigel Wright on a close points decision. Lomax had previously lost to Wright during his amateur career. In the final he defeated former European light-welterweight champion Ted Bami to claim the £25,000 prize.
External links
1978 births
Living people
English male boxers
Welterweight boxers
Prizefighter contestants
The Meyer Brothers Drug Company was a major wholesale drug house founded by Christian F. G. Meyer at Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1852. Meyer had come to the United States from Hanover, Germany in 1847, and, after a few years, started a drug business. By 1865, the business had grown that it branched out to other cities. Meyer picked St. Louis, knowing that the city was destined to be one of the greatest distributing markets in America. In 1865 he purchased the M. Matthews and Sons drug firm, located on the corner of Second and Locust Streets (now part of the Gateway Arch grounds). The success of the branch store eventually caused the firm to move its headquarters to St. Louis. By the early part of the 20th century, Meyer Brothers was the largest distributor of drugs and pharmaceutical products in the country and also a major exporter of these commodities to other countries in the Western Hemisphere. It was bought out by Fox Meyer Health Corporation in July 1981.
References
1852 establishments in Indiana
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1852
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Health care companies based in Missouri
Mi Amigo El Príncipe (My Friend The Prince) is the fourteenth studio album by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro by Universal Music Latino. The album is follow-up to Viva el príncipe in which he pays a tribute to José José whom Castro considers his musical idol. The album consists of ten tracks. As with the previous album, Rafael Pérez-Botija, who wrote songs and produced albums for José José in the past, produced the album.
Track listing
Confirmed by Allmusic.
Chart performance
Certifications
See also
2011 in Latin music
List of number-one Billboard Latin Albums from the 2010s
List of number-one Billboard Latin Pop Albums of 2011
References
José José tribute albums
2011 albums
Cristian Castro albums
Universal Music Latino albums
Spanish-language albums
Cristian Castro video albums
Maria Izadora Ussher Calzado-Wintle (; born August 12, 1982), known professionally as Iza Calzado, is a Filipino actress, television host, dancer and model. She is dubbed as the "Goddess of Horror Films" by local media for her acting prowess and haunting portrayals in acclaimed Filipino horror films.
Calzado is regarded as one of the most versatile and successful women in Philippine show business. She was a semi-finalist for a nomination at the International Emmy Awards. She has won 2 Cinemalaya Film Festival Awards, 3 Golden Screen Awards, 3 PMPC Star Awards, 2 MMFF Awards, a Gawad Urian Award and 5 FAMAS Award nominations. She has won "Best Actress" at the 34th PMPC Star Awards. In 2017, she won the prestigious Yakushi Pearl Award at the Osaka Asian Film Festival. In 2021, she won "Best Performance by an Actress (TV Series)" at the 5th GEMS-Hiyas ng Sining Awards. The same year, she won "Outstanding TV Actress of the Year" with Jodi Sta. Maria at the 3rd Laguna Excellence Awards.
Calzado is best known for her role as the First Darna in the fantasy-action television series Mars Ravelo's Darna and as Sanggre Amihan in the fantasy drama television series Encantadia. She was a former homegrown artist of GMA Network for ten years. In 2012, Calzado signed an exclusive contract with ABS-CBN, and also signed a non-exclusive contract with Star Cinema.
Throughout her career, Calzado has starred in multiple blockbuster films including: Starting Over Again (₱410 million), Etiquette for Mistresses (₱103 million), Ouija (₱120 million), Moments of Love (₱100 million) and One True Love (₱95 million).
Early life
Born Maria Izadora Ussher Calzado, she was named after the American dancer Isadora Duncan. Her father was Lito Calzado, a choreographer and TV director. Her mother was Maria Antonia Ussher. She has an elder brother, Dash Calzado, who is a member of Legit Misfitz, a 1990s Pinoy rap group.
Calzado finished elementary at School of the Holy Spirit and high school at Miriam College. She went on to take her undergraduate degree in fine arts at the University of Santo Tomas.
Acting career
Before entering show business, Iza Calzado worked as a dubber for the Venezuelan telenovela Mis 3 Hermanas (known in the Philippines as All My Love).
Calzado started out as a guest teen star in the youth-oriented show, Click, which led to further roles. She was cast in Kung Mawawala Ka as the drama's antagonist, Phoebe. She then starred in her first protagonist role as Rosela in Te Amo, Maging Sino Ka Man, with Argentinean actor Segundo Cernadas. In 2005, Calzado portrayed the iconic character of Amihan in the hit fantasy drama series Encantadia, with Sunshine Dizon, Karylle, Diana Zubiri, and Dingdong Dantes; Calzado would continue reprising the role of Amihan in the sequels Etheria: Ang Ikalimang Kaharian ng Encantadia and Encantadia: Pag-ibig Hanggang Wakas. She was later starred in the drama series Impostora (2007) and All About Eve (2009).
Outside TV projects, Calzado has starred in the films Milan (2004), Sigaw (2004), Moments of Love (2006), Batanes: Sa Dulo ng Walang Hanggan (2007), The Echo (a 2008 American movie remake of Sigaw), and One True Love (2008). On January 18, 2008, she received the "Model Star Award" for the Asia Model Award Festival held in South Korea. In 2009, she hosted the Binibining Pilipinas 2009 beauty pageant.
In 2010, Calzado did some hosting duties in Healthy Cravings on QTV with Jeremy Favia, and The Sweet Life on GMA with Lucy Torres. She also appeared in the dramas Pilyang Kerubin and Beauty Queen. In 2011, she took over the character previously played by Regine Velasquez in the romantic comedy I Heart You, Pare!. Calzado's last TV project with GMA Network was in the sitcom Andres de Saya with Cesar Montano.
On January 24, 2012, Calzado signed a three-year exclusive contract with ABS-CBN. She appeared in the drama anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya to mark her 10th year in show business, and was also seen on the Sunday variety show ASAP. Calzado's first ABS-CBN drama series was Kahit Puso'y Masugatan with Andi Eigenmann, Jake Cuenca and Gabby Concepcion.
A 2014 Maalaala Mo Kaya episode featured a teenage Iza Calzado, portrayed by Empress Schuck, shows the story of her weight struggles and how she resolved her obesity issues. In the same year of 2014, Calzado hosted the reality program The Biggest Loser Pinoy Edition: Doubles, and she also starred with Piolo Pascual in the hit movie Starting Over Again and the family drama Hawak Kamay. In 2015, she made her theater debut in Sabel: Love and Passion. She later made a guest appearance in the first few episodes of FPJ's Ang Probinsyano, and was starred in the drama movie Etiquette for Mistresses.
Later on, Calzado had been cast in two drama series, A Love to Last (2017) starring Ian Veneracion and Bea Alonzo, and Ngayon at Kailanman (2018) starring Joshua Garcia and Julia Barretto. She was also in the Iflix's first original Filipino film, Mystified, wherein Calzado reunites with Encantadia co-stars Sunshine Dizon, Karylle and Diana Zubiri. She also appeared in the 2019 film Culion with Jasmine Curtis-Smith and Meryll Soriano.
In 2020, Calzado played Ellice in the drama Ang sa Iyo ay Akin, with Jodi Sta. Maria, Sam Milby, and Maricel Soriano. The production of Ang sa Iyo ay Akin lasted for almost a year, during the ABS-CBN shutdown and franchise denial in the COVID-19 pandemic. On August 12, 2021, the day of her 39th birthday, Calzado is confirmed to join the newest TV adaptation of superhero series Darna, starring Jane de Leon.
Personal life
Calzado married businessman Ben Wintle in December 2018.
During the first month of COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines, Calzado was hospitalized on March 25, 2020 because of pneumonia. On March 28, she was tested positive for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). On March 30, Calzado's manager Noel Ferrer announced that she already tested negative for COVID-19 and that she would be discharged from the hospital.
On August 12, 2022, her 40th birthday, Calzado announced that she and Wintle were expecting their first child.
Filmography
Television
Web series
Movies
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Quezon City
Actresses from Metro Manila
That's Entertainment Monday Group Members
Bicolano actors
University of Santo Tomas alumni
Bicolano people
That's Entertainment (Philippine TV series)
Filipino television actresses
21st-century Filipino actresses
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Filipino people of Irish descent
Star Magic
ABS-CBN personalities
Mary Gibson Henry (1884 – April 1967) was an American botanist and plant collector from Lower Merion Township, Pennsylvania, near Philadelphia, who also served as president of the American Horticultural Society. The daylily Hymenocallis henryae is named in her honor.
Early life and education
Mary Gibson Henry was born near Jenkintown, Pennsylvaniato Susan Worrell Pepper and John Howard Gibson in 1884. The family was known for their horticultural pursuits. Most notably, in 1828, her great-grandfather, George Pepper, was a member of the first Council of the Pennsylvania Horticulture Society. Her formal education ended in 1902 when she graduated the Agnes Irwin School in Philadelphia.
Career
Henry created and maintained gardens and greenhouses at the property where she lived. She cultivated a large kitchen garden, native rock plants, and orchards. Most of her knowledge came from foreign nursery catalogs and seed lists from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. She visited the Royal Botanic Garden in Edinburgh in 1923. Following her visit, she began corresponding with William Wright Smith, the Regius Keeper at the institution, until he died in 1956. She also corresponded with Francis Pennell, curator of botany at the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia. She went on biannual collecting trips starting in 1929 inspired by William Bartram whose description of Rhododendron speciosum inspired her search for interesting specimens that she couldn't find in commercial or botanical gardens. On her first collecting trip, her husband and four children joined her. Over the next forty years, she went on over 200 botanical expeditions.
After her five children had grown up, she set out collecting in her chauffeured car to remote areas of the American coastal plain, piedmont, and Appalachian Mountains, and in later ventures to the Ozarks and then the Rocky Mountains from New Mexico to British Columbia. As she recalled in her memoirs:
"I soon learned that rare and beautiful plants can only be found in places that are difficult of access ... Often one has to shove one's self through or wriggle under briars, with awkward results to clothing and many and deep cuts and scratches ... Wading, usually barelegged, through countless rattlesnake-infested swamps adds immensely to the interest of the day's work."
At one point she and her daughter were held up by three armed men. As she later observed:
"It all took place so quickly we felt as though we were at the movies. I had often wondered how it would feel to be held up and really it was not so bad at all."
She was president of the Philadelphia Botanical Club, council member of the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society and director of the American Horticultural Society. She became a research associate at the Academy of Natural Sciences in 1941. Her garden was permanently endowed as the Henry Foundation for Botanical Research in 1950.
Family
She married John Norman Henry, a physician, in 1909.
Death and legacy
In April 1967, Henry died in North Carolina on a collecting trip. Her private botanical garden has now become the nonprofit Henry Foundation for Botanical Research, and is open to the public.
See also
Henry Foundation for Botanical Research
References
American botanists
American women botanists
1967 deaths
1884 births
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American scientists
Giada Valenti is an Italian singer, born in Portogruaro, Venice, in 1976. Valenti started singing and playing piano at age seven. She studied music theory and piano at Santa Cecilia and got her music degree at G. Tartini in Trieste.
Since 2004, Giada Valenti has been living in New York City. She performs regularly in various theatres, festivals, clubs and has also performed at the Columbus Day parade in New York City. In 2005 she self-released her first CD, Italian Signorina. Her second CD, And I Love You So, was released in 2008. In 2009 Valenti presented a new show, Tribute to love, at Hotel Hilton Casino & Resort, which was sold out. In 2010, Valenti performed in Broadway with a new show called An Evening with Giada Valenti, singing love songs of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
Before moving to New York City Valenti got a job offer to sing in a trio in Switzerland. While she was in Amsterdam she was selected for a contest, the San Remo Giovani Talenti nel Mondo, a contest for Italian residents in foreign countries and she represented the Netherlands. She won with the song, Solo con te, in the songwriters category. After that BMG Ariola Holland offered her a contract. She released her first CD in 2000 under her real name. She changed her name to Giada Valenti in 2004 when she moved to New York City. One of the singles from her CD, Cristina Parliamo d'amore, was selected for a scooter advertisement in the Netherlands and Belgium.
Valenti had her debut with PBS in September 2015 Her new cd-dvd From Venice With Love, was released in 2016 features top-notch production credits including arranger Chris Walden, Larry Gold, multi-Grammy Award-winning music producer Gregg Field, television director Alex Coletti, and lighting designer Chris Landy
References
Musicians from the Metropolitan City of Venice
Italian women singers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Portogruaro
Sky Raiders is a 12-episode 1941 Universal film serial. The serial was directed by Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor. Sky Raiders stars Donald Woods, Billy Halop, Robert Armstrong and Eduardo Ciannelli. Sky Raiders has little in common with Universal's other early-1940s espionage outings like Sea Raiders or Junior G-Men, although the serial is often lumped in together as if it is part of a series.
Plot
Former World War I ace pilot Captain Bob Dayton, (Donald Woods) is the owner of Sky Raiders, Inc., an aircraft company. Dayton has designed a bombsight and a new high speed fighter aircraft, the "Sky Raider". Dayton recruits young Tim Bryant (Billy Halop), a member of Air Youth of America, to help him.
Nazi agent Felix Lynx (Eduardo Ciannelli) attempts to steal these designs for his own country. Lynx is determined to seize this valuable new aircraft, with the help of his female accomplice Innis Clair (Jacqueline Dalya) and of a criminal named John KAne who happens to be a perfect double for Dayton. All attempts, however, to steal the fighter aircraft prototype, fail.
Dayton's new bombsight is being tested in Hawaii, and Lynx intercepts a Sikorsky S-45 flying boat on the way to Honolulu. After it is shot down, Dayton and his secretary Mary Blake (Kathryn Adams) who were on board, were rescued by a government cutter.
Lieutenant Carry (Robert Armstrong) and Tim meet the survivors but find that Lynx has sent his henchmen to finish the job. The foreign agents are killed when they hit an oncoming truck. Mary announces that she has become Mrs. Dayton.
Chapter titles
Wings of Disaster!
Death Rides the Storm
The Toll of Treachery
Battle in the Clouds
The Fatal Blast
Stark Terror!
Flaming Doom
The Plunge of Peril
Torturing Trials
Flash of Fate
Terror of the Storm
Winning Warriors!
Source:
Cast
Donald Woods as Captain Bob Dayton / John Kane, World War I ace and co-owner of Sky Raiders, Inc.
Billy Halop as Tim Bryant, member of the Air Youth of America
Robert Armstrong as Lieutenant Ed Carey, co-owner of Sky Raiders, Inc.
Eduardo Ciannelli as Felix Lynx, Nazi agent
Kathryn Adams as Mary Blake, Sky Raiders, Inc.'s secretary
Jacqueline Dalya as Innis Clair
Jean Fenwick as The Countess Irene
Reed Hadley as Caddens, one of Lynx's henchmen
Irving Mitchell as R.S. Hinchfield
Edgar Edwards as Teal, one of Lynx's henchmen
John Holland as Hess, one of Lynx's henchmen
Roy Gordon as Major General Fletcher
Alex Callam as Captain Long
Phil Warren as Bakeman, the crackpot with gun
Bill Cody, Jr. as Jack Hurd, a young boy
Production
Many exterior shots for Sky Raiders were made at the Grand Central Air Terminal, Glendale, California. A rare Phillips 1-B Aeroneer appears in the serial. Bob Dayton's personal aircraft is a Fairchild 24W-9 (c/n W-101, NC18688).
Aerial photography was a mixture of "fairly effective combinations of process-screen shots, (obvious) model work, stock footage and actual flying work by stunt pilot Jerry Jerome."
The aircraft used in Sky Raiders are:
Bell YFM-1 Airacuda
Fairchild 24W-9, c/n W-101, NC18688, c/n 2689, NC15346
Fairchild Super 71 c/n 646, NC9174
Kellett KD-1
Monocoupe 90 c/n 526, NC192K (archive images)
Pitcairn PCA-2 Autogiro AC-35 c/n J-91, NX70
Phillips 1-B Aeroneer, c/n 1, NX16075
Sikorsky S-45
Spartan Executive 7W, c/n 7-W12, NC17613
Stunts
Dave O'Brien
Tom Steele
Ken Terrell
Reception
Reviewer Hans J. Wollstein, wrote in his review of Sky Raiders for Allmovie, "Universal catered to the young fans of aviation with this airborne serial, which featured a plucky kid –'Bowery Boy' Billy Halop – and plenty of 'sky riders'. Famous aviator Bob Dayton (Donald Woods) hires a bright member of the Air Youth of America, Tim (Halop), to help him finalize a hush-hush project: a new type of fighter plane and bombsight. This being 1941, plenty of enemy agents are after the invention, including the nefarious Felix Lynx (Eduardo Cianelli). It takes Dayton, Tim, and the co-owner of Sky Raiders, Inc., Lieutenant Ed Carey (Robert Armstrong) 12 breathless chapters before they are able to defeat the enemy. The final installment was quite appropriately entitled 'Winning Warriors'."
See also
List of film serials
List of film serials by studio
Junior G-Men
Junior G-Men (serial)
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Cline, William C. "Filmography". In the Nick of Time. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, Inc., 1984. .
Farmer, James H. Celluloid Wings: The Impact of Movies on Aviation (1st ed.). Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania: TAB Books 1984. .
Lovell, Mary S. The Sound of Wings: The Life of Amelia Earhart. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1989. .
Rainey, Buck. Serials and Series: A World Filmography, 1912–1956. Jefferson, North Carolina: McFarland & Company, Inc., 2010. .
Weiss, Ken and Ed Goodgold. To be Continued ...: A Complete Guide to Motion Picture Serials. New York: Bonanza Books, 1973. .
External links
1941 films
American aviation films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by Ray Taylor
1941 adventure films
American adventure films
1940s American films
Hadi Hobeich (born July 1, 1974), is a Lebanese politician, lawmaker and MP of the Akkar district in North Lebanon since 2005. He is part of the March 14 alliance and a member of the Future Movement, presided by Saad Hariri.
Early years
Hadi Hobeich, born in Qobayeit, is one of three children of Cheikh Faouzi Hobeich, former MP and Minister of Culture and Education, and Therese Daher. In high school, he enrolled with the Jesuits, at the college of Rosaries of Louaizeh, Kesrouan. He attended the University of Sagesse where he graduated from Law School in 1997. He interned at the office of former judge Dr. Mounif Hamdan from 1998 until 2001. He then founded his own law firm and started his political activism. In 2006, he married Cynthia Karkafi, daughter of Bechara Maurice Karkafi. They have four children: Christina, Tiffany, Charbel, Joseph.
Political career
In 2004, he starts his political career during the municipal elections of his hometown Al Qoubaiyat, where he defeated incumbent MP Mikhail Daher.
In 2005, he was the youngest elected MP in the Parliament of Lebanon at the age of 30, representing the Maronite seat in Akkar. He integrated the parliamentary block of Future Movement and became a member of the Parliamentary Committee on Administration and Justice.
In 2009 he was re-elected MP for the Akkar district, with 63.1% of the votes at the Lebanese parliamentary elections of 2009 thereby increasing his lead over his closest competitor.
In 2010 and 2016, he leads the re-election of his list at the Al Qoubaiyat municipality council against the Free Patriotic Movement.
Parliamentary work
He is an advocate for increasing the accountability of ministers for their governmental performance. He questioned the Minister of Energy, Alan Tabourian on 19/01/2009, about the long-term rupture of electricity in Akkar as well as the subsequent suspicious rationing in the region, the disappearance of diesel fuel stocks, and the fate of electrical transformers intended for Akkar.
He has also drafted several laws, most notably the regulations submitted on 05/11/2008 to amend some provisions of the law for establishing the Constitutional Council.
On 22/09/2006, he contributed an amount of 3 billion pounds of the allocations of the Ministry of Public work and transport for the rehabilitation and paving of roads and streets in Akkar province.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Lebanese Maronites
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
Future Movement politicians
People from Akkar Governorate
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Riddle of Ages is a 2019 children's novel written by Trenton Lee Stewart and illustrated by Manu Montoya. It is the fourth book in the Mysterious Benedict Society series, following The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma (2009).
Plot
In The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Riddle of Ages, the Ten Men have escaped prison and are loose in the city of Stonestown. While the families of Sticky, Reynie, and Constance prepare to leave by ship for their own safety, the three sneak back ashore to await the villains' next move.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews called the book "Clever as ever—if slow off the mark—and positively laden with tics, quirks, and puns." The American Booksellers Association named The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Riddle of Ages one of their ABC Best Books for Young Readers in 2019.
References
2019 American novels
The Mysterious Benedict Society
Little, Brown and Company books
The Victorian Centenary Grand Prix was a motor race staged at the Phillip Island circuit in Victoria, Australia on Saturday, 27 October 1934. The 230 mile race, which was organised by the Australian Racing Drivers Club, was contested on a handicap basis. The race was the richest and the longest that had been held in the state of Victoria to that time, and was the first road race in Australia to be open to "catalogued racing and sports cars of all powers". Of the 22 starters, eight finished within the limit of 25 minutes after the winner. The race was won by Mick Smith, competing under the name “Gardner”, and driving a Ford V8 Roadster.
The Grand Prix was an official event on the centenary program commemorating Edward Henty's 1834 settlement at Portland, which led to the founding of the state of Victoria.
Results
Note: Non-finishers have been listed in starting order, due to lack of information regarding laps completed.
Total race distance: 35 laps, 230 miles (370 km)
Limit starter: Ted McLean
Scratch starter: Ces Warren
Winner's race time: 3:07:56
Fastest time: "Gardner" (Mick Smith)
Fastest lap: Ces Warren, 4:39 (84.74 mph)
Teams prize: Lane's Motors
References
Victorian Centenary Grand Prix
Motorsport at Phillip Island
Molvi Ahmed Mallah () was born on first February 1877 in village Kundi, Deh Lohan, Badin District. His father's name was Nangio Mallah. He was a moderate Islamic Mullah and had translated Quran in Sindhi in poetic way. Mallah was a folk and national poet of Sindh. He died on 19 July 1969.
Early life
He belonged to a poor family, but quite well-mannered in his attitude, intelligence, behavior, and character. He looked after his herd of animals. Mallah used to sing old songs and tried to fix his own poetry in the melodies.
Education
Molvi Ahmed Mallah received education in a religious school of Hafiz Abdullah Mandhro. To acquire further education, he went to Badin, Bugra Memon, Toha, Sujawal and other cities, from where he received the education of Sindhi, Arabic, Persian, Jurisprudence and Hadith. Finally, he was given a religious degree to impart religious education. His Last teacher was Molana Khair Muhammad Magsi.
Political career
Mallah chose to teach as a profession. When the Khilafat Movement started, he enthusiastically participated in it and delivered very emotional speeches. Believing it to be a threat to the government, he was imprisoned. After being freed from the jail, he started to teach in the religious school Mazhar-ul-Uloom of Pir Ali shah. In 1932, due to the Sunni-Wahabi movement, he bid farewell to the school and purchased his own plot in Badin, where he established his own religious school and appointed renowned religious scholars like Mumtaz Alam, Molvi Gul Muhammad, Molvi Abdul Wahab, and Molvi Abdul Ghafoor. Nowadays, it is known as Muslim School Gharibabad. The adjacent mosque to this religious School gives memories of this great man.
Literary career
Molvi Ahmed Mallah gained a good name in Sindhi poetry and prose, when he actually started writing. His poetic qualities gave him an elevated literary status. He fought against useless dogmas, social evils of society. His poetry is an essential part of Friday discourses in Sindhi mosques.
Publications
Molvi Ahmed Mallah wrote books in poetry and prose. Some of his published works are: Marafatallah (1936), Hakiraee Haq (1951), Fateh Lawari (1958), Bayaz Amed (1964), Pagham Ahmed (1969), Dewan Ahmed (1974) and Israr Ellahi.
He translated Islamic holy book Quran in a poetic way with the title of “Noor ul Qur'an”. He was the first person who translated the complete Quran into Sindhi in a poetic way, which was first published in 1969 by Arbab Allah Jurio. His poetic songs are sung all over Sindh. Radio Pakistan often broadcast his songs in the voice of many different local singers.
Award and recognition
In 1978, Mallah was posthumously awarded Pride of Performance award by the Government of Pakistan in recognition of his literary services.
A school was named after Mallah called 'Molvi Ahmed Mallah School' by the provincial Government of Sindh.
Death
Mallah died on 19 July 1969 at hospital in Badin. He is buried in his native village.
References
1877 births
1969 deaths
Sindhi people
People from Badin District
Sindhi-language writers
Writers from Sindh
Pakistani writers
The French brig Colombe was launched in 1795 for the French Navy. She had a minor role in the mutiny on . The British captured her in 1803. She never served on active duty in the Royal Navy but instead was immediately laid-up. She was broken up in 1811.
Design
Colombe had been built as a one-off to plans by Pierre-Alexandre-Laurent Forfait that Pierre Ozanne had modified. She had two masts and was flat-bottomed. Contemporary records suggest that her design was appropriate for vessels intended to guard river openings. Colombe may have been a smaller version of the contemporary Etna-class corvettes.
French service and capture
HMS Danae: On 14 March 1800 mutineers took control of Danae. The following morning Danae reached Le Conquet in Finistère, where they met up with Colombe, which Danae had herself chased into the port. Danae and Colombe then sailed together to Brest. On the way the frigates and chased them briefly before breaking off after the mutineers falsely signaled that they were in pursuit of Colombe. The French treated Captain Lord William Proby, his officers, and the loyal seamen well, and then paroled them. French records state that Colombe, under the command of capitaine de frégate Julien, encountered Danae at Pointe Saint-Mathieu.
Capture:
On 18 June 1803, and captured Colombe. Colombe was copper-bottomed and pierced for 16 guns. She had a crew of 65 men under the command of lieutenant de vaisseau Caro. Colombe had been returning from Martinique and was bound for Brest when the British captured her off Ouessant.
Colombe was effectively unarmed when captured. By one contemporary account, her cannons were in the hold. Later, Admiralty records indicated that she had left her 12-pounder guns in Martinique.
When she arrived at Plymouth, Colombe reported that she was the forerunner of a French fleet from Martinique consisting of a Seventy-four, two frigates, and 60 merchant vessels. Dragon communicated this intelligence to the Channel fleet, which dispersed to attempt to intercept what they could.
Fate
Colombe arrived at Plymouth on 6 July. Royal Navy nominally took her into service as HMS Colombe, but never fitted or commissioned her.
The Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy offered the sloop Colombe, lying at Plymouth, for sale on 18 October 1810. Despite her sale being advertised several times, she apparently did not sell. She was docked at Plymouth on 2 July 1811 for breaking up.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Fonds Marine. Campagnes (opérations; divisions et stations navales; missions diverses). Inventaire de la sous-série Marine BB4. Tome premier: BB1 à 209 (1780-1804)
1795 ships
Brigs of the French Navy
Captured ships
Brigs of the Royal Navy
Căiuți is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Blidari, Boiștea, Căiuți, Florești, Heltiu, Mărcești, Popeni, Pralea and Vrânceni.
Natives
Lavinia Agache
Radu R. Rosetti
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Philippus ('Philip') Bloemendal (25 June 1918, in Scheveningen – 22 February 1999, in Amersfoort) was a Dutch cinema newsreel editor, announcer and voice-over. He gained nationwide fame as the offscreen announcer of the Dutch national Polygoon newsreel from 1946 to 1986. Bloemendal has been nicknamed "The voice of the Netherlands."
Bloemendal was born in Scheveningen in a Jewish family. After obtaining his HBS-diploma he worked in the textile industry for a short while. He survived the Second World War by going into hiding, but almost all his relatives, including his mother, were killed in Auschwitz.
After the war Bloemendal became an announcer with Dutch radio. A year later he entered the service of the Polygoon film company as editor-announcer of the cinema newsreel. In 1952 he became its editor-in-chief. In 1981 he became Polygoon's managing director. When the cinema newsreel was discontinued in 1986, Bloemendal was bestowed the record of 'longest serving cinema newsreel announcer' by the Guinness Book of Records.
Bloemendal also recorded station announcements for the Amsterdam metro. These recordings have by now gone out of service.
Bloemendal's characteristic voice and enunciation is closely associated with the period of post-war reconstruction in the Netherlands, of which his newsreel gave optimistic accounts. His voice is regularly imitated and parodied, especially in radio and television commercials.
Legacy
The Philip Bloemendal Foundation was founded in 2001 "with the aim of passing on the best practices about effective use of language and communication in the media to new generations of presenters." The foundation grants a biennial prize of €3500 to a talented media presenter.
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
Dutch television news presenters
Dutch television directors
Dutch television editors
Dutch reporters and correspondents
Dutch radio news presenters
Mass media people from The Hague
20th-century Dutch journalists
Litlmolla is an uninhabited island in Vågan Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The island lies east of the town of Svolvær in the Vestfjorden. The island is located in the Lofoten archipelago, south of the large island of Austvågøya, southwest of the island of Stormolla, and northeast of the small island of Skrova. The island was formerly inhabited, but has long since been abandoned. The highest point on the island is the tall Nonstinden.
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Nordland
Vågan
Uninhabited islands of Norway
Robert Whittington (also called Robert Wittinton, or Robert Whitynton or Robert Whitinton) (c. 1480 – c. 1553) was an English grammarian. He was a pupil at Magdalen College School, Oxford, where he probably studied under the grammarian John Stanbridge.
In 1513 he was admitted as a BA at Oxford, having studied rhetoric for 14 years, and taught it for 12 years. About 1519 he presented Cardinal Wolsey with a verse and a prose treatise, with a dedication requesting patronage. In the same year he published Libellus epigrammaton, an anthology of poems addressed to Wolsey, Henry VIII, Thomas More, and John Skelton. His Vulgaria, published in 1520, pays compliments to the late king Henry VII, to Thomas Linacre, and to More, who was here first described as "a man for all seasons". Whittington's efforts succeeded by 1523, at the latest, when he enjoyed the favour of Henry VIII.
Whittington was most famous as the author of elementary Latin school books, including De nominum generibus (1511), Declinationes nominum (c. 1511), De heteroclitis nominibus (c. 1511), Syntaxis (second edition, 1512), De syllabarum quantitate (second edition, c. 1512), De octo partibus orationis (c. 1514), De synonymis together with De magistratibus veterum Romanorum (1515), Vulgaria (English and Latin sentences for translation, 1520), and Verborum preterita et supina (1521). He also edited John Stanbridge's Accidence (c. 1515). Each dealt with a different aspect of grammar, and could be bought individually and cheaply. They were widely sold and frequently republished up to the early 1530s.
Whittington's grammars continued to be printed during the 1520s, usually by Wynkyn de Worde but briefly also by Richard Pynson. About 1529, however, Whittington seems to have moved his custom to Peter Treveris, who issued his works for the next two years. By 1533 Whittington had returned to Worde. Following Worde's death in 1534 he turned his attention to translation from Latin into English. He brought out versions of Erasmus's De civilitate morum puerilium (1532), three works by Cicero (De officiis, 1534; Paradoxa, c. 1534; and De senectute, c. 1535), and three allegedly by Seneca (The Forme and Rule of Honest Lyvynge, 1546; The Myrrour or Glasse of Maners, 1547; and De remediis fortuitorum, 1547), the Forme and Myrrour actually being the work of Martin of Braga.
Footnotes
References
See also
Grammarians' War
Renaissance writers
Grammarians of Latin
1553 deaths
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
16th-century English educators
People educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford
1480 births in England
The 3rd White Cloth Hall is an important historic building in Leeds city centre in England. Between its construction in 1775–6 and partial destruction in 1865, the hall was one of the most important marketplaces in Northern England for the sale of undyed cloth.
History
After construction of the two prior white cloth halls in 1711 and 1756, there was a meeting in 1774 to plan the building of yet another cloth hall in Leeds. Most of the money for the scheme came from the wealthy Leeds merchants, and a site was found on a piece of land called the Tenter Ground in the Calls. The hall was built around a large central courtyard. At the northern end of the courtyard, the hall was two storeys high, with assembly rooms on the upper storey. The Hall was built at a cost of £4,300, and opened in 1775. It held 1,210 merchant stalls. During the Victorian period, the White Cloth Hall Yard played host to various events, including the circus, as evidenced by an 1858 poster for Pablo Fanque's Grand Allied Circus.
The Cupola from the demolished 2nd White Cloth Hall was installed on the roof in 1786.
When the North Eastern Railway system was extended through the town centre in 1865, the building was literally sliced in half by the new North Eastern Viaduct. This necessitated the construction of the 4th White Cloth Hall, built at the expense of the North Eastern Railway company.
Present
Only parts of the original cloth hall building remain. The facade is still present on Crown Street, just off Kirkgate and next to the Corn Exchange. The single storey wing directly behind the facade was restored in 1991–2 by John Lyall Architects and is now occupied by shops and a restaurant. Assembly Street separates the front of the hall from the original two-storey-tall northern wing. This northern wing was refurbished in 1990 by David Readman.
See also
1st White Cloth Hall
2nd White Cloth Hall
4th White Cloth Hall
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Leeds
Leeds Blue Plaques
Silver Valley is an unincorporated community in northern Alberta within Saddle Hills County, located north of Highway 43, northwest of Grande Prairie. The area was first opened for homesteaders in 1952.
References
Localities in Saddle Hills County
Egeda (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 60 as of 2010.
Geography
Egeda is located 45 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Amuarib and Shagalazda are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Leonid Pilunsky (; 15 September 1947 – 21 November 2021) was a Ukrainian-Crimean politician.
Biography
A member of the People's Movement of Ukraine, he served in the Verkhovna Rada of Crimea from 2006 to 2014, when the territory was annexed by Russia.
Pilunsky died on 21 November 2021, in Crimea, after suffering from COVID-19. He was 74 years old.
References
1947 births
2021 deaths
21st-century Ukrainian politicians
People's Movement of Ukraine politicians
Politicians from Simferopol
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Ukraine
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia
The House of Magic (Thunder and The House of Magic in the United States. French: Le Manoir magique) is a 2013 3D Belgian-French English-language computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by Nadia Khamlichi, Adrian Politowski, Ben Stassen, Caroline Van Iseghem and Gilles Waterkeyn and directed by Stassen and Jeremy Degruson. The film focuses on an abandoned young cat who seeks shelter in the home of an old, retired magician with his robots and gizmos.
A spin-off TV series called Presto! School of Magic (formerly School of Magic) was announced in 2017. The series will be produced by TeamTO and Federation Kids and Family.
Plot
While moving to a new home in Boston, a couple stops the car and the woman opens the door and throws a toy ball on the sidewalk so that their tabby ginger cat can chase after it. The kittenish cat, later realizes that he has been left behind by his owners when they close the door and drive away without him. Abandoned, he looks for a refuge. A passing tiny Chihuahua attempts to befriend him but is quickly dragged off by his leash. After various obstacles and near accidents, he's chased by a large Doberman until he comes to an old house with fame of being cursed or haunted in the neighborhood. Entering via an open attic window, the cat explores the strange contraptions about and tries to befriend a small mouse named Maggie, who's terrified of him despite the cat trying to convince her that he doesn't even eat mice. Soon, he is threatened by Jack, Maggie's grumpy rabbit friend, and Maggie; ordering him to leave the house before their owner sees him, afraid the cat will monopolize his love and attention since they're aware of his fondness for cats. They throw the cat out but he finds his way back in through a cellar window, attempting to escape a thunderstorm, then explores the mysterious house further. He hides behind an urn and observes the house's owner, Mr. Lawrence, a kindly old magician, have a conversation with the various automatons and gizmos he's created for his magic shows, whilst attempting to fix an electrical bulb-headed one named Edison (after Thomas Edison). Later, the magician's materialist real estate agent nephew, Daniel, drops by for a visit. Afterwards, while Lawrence dozes off, Jack and Maggie locate the cat after he accidentally re-activates Edison and Jack pursues the kitten. Before Jack can throw him out again, Lawrence wakes up and picks up the kitten and decides to adopt him, naming him Thunder (after his fear of lightning).
Thunder learns more about the house, as well as the romantic pigeon pair named Carlo and Carla. Meanwhile, Jack and Maggie try by all ways to exile Thunder from the house, jealous and afraid of being substituted. The next day, refusing to be left behind, Thunder is incorporated into the "rabbit out of a hat" routine in the magic show performed for some children at a hospital, to much fanfare. Whilst riding back home, a disgruntled Jack and Maggie show their disapproval by attempting to get rid of him once and for all; jabbing sharpened crayons, they poke Thunder off the trunk strapped to the back of the bicycle. During the ensuing mayhem, Lawrence suffers an accident and is sent to the hospital, as Thunder is left sprawled behind.
With Lawrence in the hospital with a broken leg, his nephew Daniel takes advantage by tricking his uncle to sign over power of attorney, in the hopes of putting his house up for sale. Suspicious of Daniel's intentions, Thunder alerts Lawrence's automatons. When Daniel returns his uncle's magic trunk back home, he brings along two possible buyers for the property. Desperate, Thunder gets Carlo and Carla to dive bomb and splatter poop on them in order to attempt deter and prevent the house from being sold. Meanwhile, once out the trunk, Jack (who broke his leg in the accident) and Maggie convince the automatons (except Edison) of Thunder's guilt in causing the accident despite Thunder trying to tell the truth. He hopes Carlo and Carla will prove his innocence, which fails when they are intimidated by Jack. Nevertheless, Thunder manages to convince everyone that they need him to save the house since Daniel is proven to be severely allergic to cats. They allow him to stay but lock him in a bird cage. The next possible buyer, the Chihuahua's owner, is also driven away but not before the Chihuahua is able to rescue Thunder. In a misunderstanding, Daniel's assumed to be harming her dog, whilst in fact attempting to trap the cat. Later, Thunder visits Lawrence at the hospital and is pleased to discover Lawrence never blamed him after all. Thunder returns home and the inhabitants of the house have meanwhile driven two more buyers away believing the house to be haunted. When Jack and Maggie again try to exile Thunder, the truth of the accident is revealed and they all stand up for Thunder. An infuriated Daniel attempts various increasingly aggressive and bizarre ways to get rid of Thunder, but is foiled at every turn. His latest attempt involves a gun and leads him to believe that he finally got rid of Thunder only to get kicked out of the house by his uncle's toys in retaliation for Thunder's supposed "death." Lawrence also discovers Daniel's deceit and tries to leave the hospital. Meanwhile, Thunder (revealed to have survived), Jack, Maggie, and the rest of Lawrence's toys are in a race against time to save the house before Daniel destroys it using a wrecking ball.
When Lawrence rushes back from the hospital with the help of some of the children he met there and finds his nephew swinging a wrecking ball, he finally discovers Daniel's true colors. Meanwhile, Jack is stuck midway in the cat-flap of the front door, as Thunder attempts to save all the automatons from getting crushed. When he saves Maggie's life, Thunder finally earns the mouse's respect and friendship. They band together and use Daniel's cat-allergy against him until he ends up wrecking balling his own beloved car instead. Lawrence orders Daniel to make repairs on the house. Thunder is finally accepted as a member of the family by Jack and Maggie. When Lawrence recovers from his injuries, he returns to entertaining children with his magic shows, in which Thunder now has his own starring part alongside Jack and Maggie. Thunder is finally happy to have a family that appreciates him and his Chihuahua friend seeing them all having so much fun attempts to get himself "an audition" to get recruited as part of the team.
In a post credit scene, Daniel is attempting to convince a new client to sell her house and move to a retirement home but soon learns that she has many, many cats and sneezes violently.
Cast
Cinda Adams as Nurse Baxter
George Babbit as Jack / Carlo / Zoltar
Brianne Siddall (credited as Murray Blue) as Thunder / Dylan
Kathleen Browers as Carla
Joey Camen as Chihuahua
Grant George as Daniel
Shanelle Gray as Maggie
Nina Grillo as Audrey
Kyle Hebert as Mark Matthews
Goldie Jonsie as Old Lady
Kendra Leif as Lasondra
Joey Lotsko as Mr. Eames
Millie Mup as Mrs. Eames
Will Parks as Mike Matthews
Sage Sommer as Izzy
Michael Sorich as Crane Operator
Doug Stone as Lawrence Savile
Joseph W. Terry as Reggie Willis
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a score of 73% based on reviews from 30 critics, with an average rating of 5.97/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Thunder and the House of Magic lacks real narrative depth, but its visual splendor offers sufficient compensation for younger viewers." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 47 based on 13 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Box office
The film grossed $64,193,114 overseas outside of North America as well as $4,091 within it for a combined gross of $64,197,205.
References
External links
2013 films
2010s French-language films
2010s German-language films
2013 3D films
2013 animated films
2013 computer-animated films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about dogs
Animated films about rabbits and hares
Belgian animated films
Belgian fantasy comedy films
Animated films about magic
Animated films about mice
Films set in Boston
Films set in Massachusetts
Films set in the Great Recession
Films scored by Ramin Djawadi
2010s French animated films
2010s fantasy-comedy films
French fantasy comedy films
French-language Belgian films
3D animated films
2013 comedy films
StudioCanal films
StudioCanal animated films
2010s American films
2010s British films
Idaea or Idaia (Ancient Greek: Ἰδαία) is the name of several figures in Greek mythology, it means "she who comes from Ida" or "she who lives on Ida", and is often associated with Mount Ida in Crete, and Mount Ida in the Troad.
Figures
Those named Idaea include:
Idaea, a nymph, who was the mother, by the river-god Scamander, of King Teucer.
Idaea, the daughter of the Scythian king Dardanus, and wife of Phineus, who falsely accused her stepsons, leading to their imprisonment and torture.
Idaea was, according to Diodorus Siculus, the mother of the Kuretes (), the armed dancers who guarded the infant Zeus in a cave on Cretan Mount Ida.
Idaea, a nymph who consorted with Zeus and became the mother of Cres, possible eponym of Crete. She may be the same with Idaea, daughter of Minos who mothered Asterion by Zeus also.
Etymology
The name is related with Mount Ida. In the Iliad (2.821 etc.), Ida means wooded hill, and recalls the mountain worship in the Minoan mother goddess religion. Three inscriptions in Linear A, which represents the Minoan language, bear just the name i-da-ma-te (AR Zf 1 and 2, and KY Za 2). The inscriptions may refer to the "mother goddess of Ida" (Ἰδαία μάτηρ).
Νotes
References
Apollodorus, Apollodorus, The Library, with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Clementine Recognitions, translated by Thomas Smith, in Ante-Nicene Christian Library: Translations of the Writings of the Fathers down to A.D. 325. Editied by Alexander Roberts, and James Donaldson, Vol III. Tatian, Theophilus, and The Clementine Recognitions. T. and T, Clark, Edinburgh 1867. Online version at Wikisource
Diodorus Siculus, Diodorus Siculus: The Library of History. Translated by C. H. Oldfather. Twelve volumes. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1989. Online version by Bill Thayer
Grimal, Pierre, The Dictionary of Classical Mythology, Wiley-Blackwell, 1996, .
Tripp, Edward, Crowell's Handbook of Classical Mythology, Thomas Y. Crowell Co; First edition (June 1970). .
Nymphs
Cretan characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Hellenistic Anatolian deities
Ancient Greek religion
Casimcea is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Casimcea, Cișmeaua Nouă (historical name: Ramazanchioi), Corugea, Haidar, Rahman and Războieni (historical name: Alifacâ).
The commune also included the village of Stânca (historical name: Mahomencea), located at , which is currently deserted.
The name of the commune is of Turkish origin, being derived from the word Kasım, itself from the Arabic Qasim, "one who distributes". The suffix "cea" is a Romanianization of the Turkish -ça.
Famous residents
Ion Jalea (1887 - 1983), sculptor, academician
References
External links
Official site
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Taylor County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,023. Its county seat is Campbellsville. Settled by people from Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and North Carolina after the American Revolutionary War, the county was organized in 1848 in the Highland Rim region. It is named for United States Army General Zachary Taylor, later President of the United States. Taylor County was the 100th of the 120 counties created by Kentucky. The Campbellsville Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Taylor County.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Marion County (north)
Casey County (east)
Adair County (southeast/CST Border)
Green County (south & west/CST Border)
LaRue County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,927 people, 9,233 households, and 6,555 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,180 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.62% White, 5.06% Black or African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.32% from other races, and 0.70% from two or more races. 0.82% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,233 households, out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.40% were married couples living together, 11.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.00% were non-families. 26.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.89.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.40% under the age of 18, 10.40% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 15.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,089, and the median income for a family was $33,854. Males had a median income of $26,633 versus $20,480 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,162. About 14.20% of families and 17.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.70% of those under age 18 and 18.30% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Acton
Bengal
Black Gnat
Campbellsville (county seat)
Elk Horn
Finley
Hatcher
Hobson
Mannsville
Merrimac
Saloma
Spurlington
Sweenyville
Yuma
Politics
Taylor County is represented in the Kentucky House of Representatives by Republican John "Bam" Carney and in the state Senate by another Republican, Max Wise. In 2019, Republican Barry Smith took office as county judge. Smith unseated the Democrat Eddie Rogers in the general election held on November 6, 2018.
Education
School districts include:
Campbellsville Independent School District
Taylor County School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taylor County, Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
1848 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1848
A fire-saw is a firelighting tool. It is typically an object "sawed" against a piece of wood, using friction to create an ember. It is divided into two components: a "saw" and a "hearth" (fireboard).
History
Two forms of the fire-saw have been documented in central and western Australia. One model is a split, notched stick as a hearth, and a knife-like hardwood stick as the saw. The other model makes use of the woomera weapon and defensive shield that natives carried.
In the Philippines and Oceania, a fire-saw from bamboo pieces is common.
Fire thong
A fire thong is a form of fire-saw, where a pullstring (usually wood fibre or rope) is used to saw. It is common in Southeast Asia and Oceania.
See also
Fire plough
Hand drill
References
Firelighting using friction
Primitive technology
JUDO is a Java-based integrated development environment designed for children and beginning computer programmers. It is licensed under the GNU GPL.
Syntax
When you compile a program in JUDO, it works by inserting the user's code into a .java file with code that controls the window, listens for keystrokes, and handles MouseEvents. This means that JUDO code is actually Java code, just with an easier to use subset of functions that access the Java API.
void main() {
printLine("Hello World!");
}
This program will print out "Hello World".
External links
JUDO's Website
A detailed tutorial on how to use JUDO.
Integrated development environments
Free integrated development environments
Pedagogic integrated development environments
Henry Arthur Herbert, 1st Earl of Powis PC (before 9 April 1703 – 10 September 1772), known as Henry Herbert until 1743 and as The Lord Herbert of Chirbury between 1743 and 1748, was a British peer and politician.
Background
A member of the Herbert family, he was the son of Francis Herbert, of Oakly Park near Ludlow, Shropshire, son of Richard Herbert by his wife and second cousin once removed, Florence, daughter of Richard Herbert, 2nd Baron Herbert of Chirbury. His mother was Dorothy, daughter of John Oldbury, a merchant of London. He was baptised at the parish church of Bromfield near Oakly Park.
Political career
Herbert was returned to parliament as a Whig for Bletchingley in 1724, a seat he held until 1727, and then represented Ludlow until 1743. In 1735 he became Custos Rotulorum of Montgomeryshire and Lord-Lieutenant of Shropshire, and was Treasurer to the Prince of Wales (father of George III) from 1737 to 1738. In 1743 he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Herbert of Chirbury, in the County of Shropshire, a revival of the title (spelt "Cherbury") which had been held in his family from 1629 until becoming extinct on the death of a son of his great-grandfather in 1691. Five years later he was created Baron Powis, of Powis Castle in the County of Montgomery, Viscount Ludlow, in the County of Shropshire, and Earl of Powis, in the County of Montgomery, a revival of the Powis title which had become extinct on the death of the third Marquess of Powis the same year. The following year he was also made Baron Herbert of Chirbury and Ludlow, with remainder to firstly his brother Richard Herbert and secondly to his kinsman Francis Herbert, of Ludlow.
In 1761 Lord Powis relinquished his position as Lord-Lieutenant of Shropshire and was appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire instead, but he was reinstated to the Lord-Lieutenancy of Shropshire in 1764 and held both posts until his death eight years later. Also in 1761 he was appointed Comptroller of the Household and sworn of the Privy Council. He was promoted to Treasurer of the Household later the same year, a post he held until 1765.
Military positions
During the time of the Jacobite rising of 1745, when Prince Charles Edward Stuart's Scots army was about to invade England, Powis was commissioned as Colonel on 1 October that year to raise a regiment of fusiliers in Shropshire to counter the invasion. They were ordered to march into Staffordshire but, being insufficiently disciplined and manned, they fell back without joining battle against the Jacobite troops who were feared to be heading for Wales but diverted towards Derby instead.
Powis never saw active service but he was given further promotions as Major-General in 1755, Lieutenant-General in 1759, and full General in 1772, the year of his death.
Family
In 1751, he married the fifteen-year-old Barbara Herbert, posthumous daughter and heiress of Lord Edward Herbert, younger son of William Herbert, 2nd Marquess of Powis, and brother of William Herbert, 3rd Marquess of Powis. Lord and Lady Powis had two children:
George Edward Henry Arthur Herbert, 2nd Earl of Powis (1755-1801); died unmarried.
Lady Henrietta Antonia Herbert (1758-1830); married Edward Clive, 2nd Baron Clive, who was later created Earl of Powis, and had issue.
Later life and death
Oakly Park was his main country home until 1771, when he sold it to Lord Clive ('Clive of India') and moved into Powis Castle, the seat of his Earldom, near Welshpool, Montgomeryshire.
Lord Powis died at Bath, Somerset, in September 1772 aged 69, and was buried in St Mary's Church, Welshpool. He was succeeded by his son, George (who also succeeded in the barony of Herbert of Chirbury and Ludlow as the persons in special remainder to that peerage had died before Lord Powis). The earldom became extinct on the latter's death in 1801.
Lord Powis's daughter, Lady Henrietta, married Edward Clive, 2nd Baron Clive, son of Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive ("Clive of India"). In 1804, the Earldom of Powis was revived in favour of Edward Clive. Barbara, Countess of Powis, died in March 1786, aged 50.
References
|-
|-
1700s births
1772 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
Earls of Powis
Peers of Great Britain created by George II
Lord-Lieutenants of Shropshire
Lord-Lieutenants of Montgomeryshire
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of Great Britain
Treasurers of the Household
Herbert family
Somewhere on Leave is a 1943 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Dan Young. It was the third in the series of Somewhere films following Private Randle and his comrades. It was followed by Somewhere in Civvies.
Plot
Private Randle (Frank Randle) and army pals, Privates Young (Dan Young) and Enoch (Robbie Vincent) are invited by Private Desmond (Pat McGrath) to spend some off-duty time at his stately home. Private Desmond is too busy courting an ATS girl (Antoinette Lupino) to notice the squaddies are running riot in his house.
Cast
Frank Randle - Pte. Randle
Harry Korris - Sgt. Korris
Dan Young - Pte. Young
Robbie Vincent - Pte. Enoch
Antoinette Lupino - Toni Beaumont
Pat McGrath - Pte. Roy Desmond
Toni Edgar-Bruce - Mrs. Delvaine
Edna Wood - Land Girl
Vincent Holman - Butler
Percival Mackey Orchestra - Themselves
Noel Dainton - Capt. Delvaine
Sidney Monckton - Captain Adams
John Varley - Lieut. Bassett
Clifford Cobb - Commando Sgt.
Elizabeth Wilson - A.T.S. Girl
Esme Lewis - Mrs Gerrard
Nan Hopkins - A.T.S. Girl
Hilda Jones - Land Girl
Ernie Dillon - Trampoline Artist
Critical reception
The Radio Times gave the film two out of five stars. Its critic wrote: "Of the music-hall turns who made films, Lancashire comedian Frank Randle was among the most successful. But his appeal inevitably exemplifies the North-South divide and his success - including that of his five Somewhere films - was largely confined to home ground...It may be unsophisticated, and more a series of incidents than a cohesive narrative, but it's still fun."
References
Bibliography
Rattigan, Neil. This is England: British film and the People's War, 1939-1945. Associated University Presses, 2001.
External links
1943 films
1943 comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
British comedy films
Military humor in film
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
The 2018–19 season was SK Slavia Prague's 26th season in the Czech First League. The team competed in Czech First League, the Czech Cup, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League.
Season Events
On 27 April, Slavia gathered three points against Olomouc (match-week 30), which was sufficient to be mathematically assured that the team will finish ahead of Sparta in the league table.
Squad
Out on loan
Unregistered
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Released
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Czech First League
Regular stage
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Championship group
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Czech Cup
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying rounds
Third qualifying round
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from Slavia Prague on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Slavia Prague during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
References
External links
Official website
Slavia Prague
SK Slavia Prague seasons
Slavia Prague
Slavia Prague
Czech Republic football championship-winning seasons
Delhi-6 is the soundtrack album to Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's 2009 film of the same name. A. R. Rahman scored the film, collaborating a second time with Mehra after Rang De Basanti, and Prasoon Joshi penned the lyrics. The music was released on 14 January 2009 at the Indian Idol 4 competition.
The first video of the song "Masakali" was released featuring Sonam and Abhishek with a pigeon. However, the song was not part of the original film. According to the director, "The song was not really meant to be part of the narrative. I mean, who would think of putting in a song about a dove in a film like Delhi-6? It just happened. When I came to the pre-climax portion of my script, I was stuck. I needed a continuity link taking the narrative to its finale". Other videos released include the title track Delhi-6, the romantic interlude "Rehna Tu" as well as the folky "Genda Phool", an adaptation of a folk song from Chhattisgarh. Rajat Dholakia who is known for introducing Chhattisgarhi folk songs to Bollywood has been co credited with Rahman for the song Genda Phool. The music of the track "Bhor Bhaye" is based on the raga, Gujri Todi. It is an adaptation of Bade Ghulam Ali Khan's original version, arranged by Rahman. Traditional lyrics have been used there by Joshi. The Ustad (whose demise took place in 1968) did not record this song separately for the film soundtrack. Shreya Ghoshal's vocals have been superimposed on the Ustad's vocals (from his original song) at parts.
Reception
The album received widespread acclaim. A review on Bollywood Hungama said, "Delhi 6 is near perfect. Rahman beats his own score with Delhi 6 which would easily go down as one of his best scores till date." According to Rediff's Sukanya Verma, "A. R. Rahman makes waiting for his music such a worthwhile chore what with one fantastic soundtrack after another. Close on the heels of a deserving Golden Globes wins follows the anticipated score of Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Delhi 6. Considering its impossible-to-define Chandni Chowk roots, Rahman injects the sounds of this 10-tracked album with an eclectic fusion of various genres."
Track listing
The official track listing.
Awards
Filmfare Awards
Won, Best Music Direction - A. R. Rahman
Won, Best Male Playback - Mohit Chauhan for "Masakali"
Won, Best Female Playback - Rekha Bhardwaj for "Genda Phool"
Nominated, Best Male Playback - Javed Ali for "Arziyan"
Nominated, Best Male Playback - Kailash Kher for "Arziyan"
Nominated, Best Lyrics - Prasoon Joshi for "Rehna Tu"
Nominated, Best Lyrics - Prasoon Joshi for "Masakali"
2nd Mirchi Music Awards
Won, Song of The Year - "Masakali"
Won, Album of The Year - A.R Rahman, Prasoon Joshi
Won, Male Vocalist of The Year - Mohit Chauhan for "Masakali"
Won, Female Vocalist of The Year - Rekha Bhardwaj for "Genda Phool"
Won, Music Composer of The Year - A.R Rahman for "Masakali"
Won, Lyricist of The Year - Prasoon Joshi for "Masakali"
Won, Best Song Arranger & Programmer - A.R Rahman for "Masakali"
Won, Best Song Mixing & Engineering - H. Sridhar, S. Sivakumar , P. A. Deepak and Vivianne Chaix for "Dilli-6"
Star Screen Awards
Won, Best Music Direction - A. R. Rahman
Nominated, Best Female Playback - Rekha Bhardwaj for "Genda Phool"
Nominated, Best Male Playback - Mohit Chauhan for "Masakkali"
International Indian Film Academy Awards
Nominated, Best Music Direction - A. R. Rahman
Nominated, Best Lyrics - Prasoon Joshi
Nominated, Best Female Playback - Rekha Bhardwaj for "Genda Phool"
Nominated, Best Male Playback - Mohit Chauhan for "Masakkali"
Legacy
The song Masakali was recreated by music director Tanishk Bagchi for the film Marjaavaan, but could not make it to the film. The song, when released, was met with severe negative criticism from the audience and the actors alike. The record label T-Series then released it as a single music video. After the release, the song faced an unprecedented response from the original composer A. R. Rahman, followed by lyricist Prasoon Joshi and director Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra. Urging audience to listen the original song AR Rahman tweeted-
No short cuts, properly commissioned, sleepless nights, writes and re-writes. Over 200 musicians, 365 days of creative brainstorming with the aim to produce music that can last generations. A team of a Director, a Composer and a Lyricist supported by actors, dance directors and a relentless film crew.” - Lots of love and prayers A.R. Rahman.
The song also faced unabashed criticism from the netizens. Even the Jaipur police joined the troll army by saying-
If you are unnecessarily roaming outside, we will put you in a room and play Masakali 2.0 on loop.
References
A. R. Rahman soundtracks
Hindi film soundtracks
2009 soundtrack albums
T-Series (company) soundtrack albums
The Rautia is a caste found in the states of Jharkhand, Chhatishgarh and Odisha in India. They were estate holder and militia under Nagvanshi kings of Chotanagpur.
History and origin
According to their traditions, the community helped and protect Rajput prince, who as a reward had given lands in Lohardaga, Jashpur territory. They were estate holder and militia under the Nagvanshi kings of Chotanagpur.
In 1812 Jagirdar Bakhtar Say along with Parganait Mundal Singh rebelled against excessive tax imposition. They killed tax collector and defeated an East India Company force. Later they were defeated by company force, captured and hanged in Kolkata.
Subdivision
Rautia have three subdivision Barki, Majhli, Chhotki. The subdivision is based on purity of descent. Barki are of pure descent. Majhli and Chhotki subdivision are descendants of Rautia father and mother of other castes. Offspring were admitted to Majhli group if mother was from Kanwar, Gond and other respectable caste. Offsprings of Rautia father and women from impure caste such as Ganda and Ghasia caste were admitted to Chhotki group.
Present circumstances
They speak the Sadri dialect of Hindi. They have titles like Ganjhu, Baraik, Kotwar, Sai and Singh.
The Rautia are divided into three sub-groups, the Bargohri or pure Rautia, the Majhgohri and chhot gohri. This is also divided into gotras (subdivision): Baghel (tiger), Jogi, Katwar, Khrakhwar, Kharsyal (deer), Khumbhoj, Kumhar (potter), Lathoor, Majhi, Nag (Cobra), Rikhi (Squirrel), Sonwani (gold water) etc. These groups are endogamous, with the former considering itself superior over the other. It is said that the Majhli and Chhotki were the descendants of Rautia fathers and mothers of other castes. Traditionally and primarily they are cultivators. They also gather fruits and tubers from the jungles nearby. A small number have begun to emigrate to towns and cities such as Ranchi.
Culture
The traditional festivals of Rautia are Karam, Jitia, Nawakhani and Diwali. The traditional dances of Rautia are Jhumar , Domkach and Paiki.
Official classification
Rautia are included in list of Other Backward Class in Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Odisha.
In 2016, The Dr Ram Dayal Munda Tribal Research Institute recommend inclusion of Rautia caste in Schedule Tribe list. According to TRI, Rautia have primitive features, distinctive culture and are backward in social, educational and economical aspects. The Government of Jharkhand had sent the proposal to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India. But the proposal have not approved yet by Government of India.
References
Social groups of Bihar
Social groups of Madhya Pradesh
Indian castes
Nagpuria people
Social groups of Jharkhand
Social groups of Odisha
Malchevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 52 as of 2002.
Geography
Malchevskaya is located 13 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kokorikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Fadisheh (, also Romanized as Fadīsheh) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,372, in 368 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Ola Naguib (Arabic: علا نجيب) is an Egyptian TV producer of Middle East Business Report, a weekly business program on BBC World News. Naguib joined the BBC team in Dubai in 2007. Before that, she worked for the Saudi television network, MBC. She spent 3 years in publishing both in the UAE and in Egypt. Naguib studied Mass Communications and Journalism at the American University in Cairo.
References
See also
Middle East Business Report
Nima Abu-Wardeh
BBC World News
Egyptian journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Solitaire" is a ballad written by Neil Sedaka and Phil Cody. Cody employs playing the card game of solitaire as a metaphor for a man "who lost his love through his indifference"—"while life goes on around him everywhere he's playing solitaire". The song is perhaps best known via its rendition by the Carpenters. Another version by Andy Williams reached number 4 in the UK Singles Chart in 1973.
Early versions
Sedaka originally was inspired by Frederic Chopin (his favorite classical composer) for the chorus and by Roberta Flack in the verses. When he presented the tune to Cody, he came up with the words based on his recent divorce; Cody had been playing solitaire frequently as a coping mechanism. Both Sedaka and Cody considered the composition to be a spiritual experience.
Neil Sedaka recorded "Solitaire" as the title cut for a 1972 album recorded at Strawberry Studios, Stockport, England: 10cc members Lol Creme, Kevin Godley and Graham Gouldman accompanied Sedaka while Eric Stewart, also of 10cc, engineered the session.
Appearing on 1972 album releases by both Tony Christie and Petula Clark, "Solitaire" had its first evident single release in February 1973 as recorded by the Searchers; however it was an autumn 1973 single by Andy Williams which would reach number 4 in the UK Singles Chart and afford Williams a number 1 hit in South Africa. The title cut from an album produced by Richard Perry, Williams' "Solitaire" also became a US Easy Listening hit at number 23. In 1974, Neil Sedaka's 1972 recording of "Solitaire" was included on his comeback album Sedaka's Back. Later in 1975, a live-in-concert version recorded by Sedaka at the Royal Festival Hall was issued as the B-side of "The Queen of 1964". This is the version of "Solitaire" that was released as part of Razor & Tie's 2007 Definitive Collection album.
Carpenters version
The Carpenters recorded "Solitaire" for the 1975 Horizon album; Richard Carpenter, familiar with the song via the versions by Neil Sedaka and Andy Williams, was "not crazy" about the song, but he felt it would showcase Karen Carpenter's vocal expertise. Despite assessing her vocal performance on "Solitaire" as "one of [her] greatest", Richard says that, "she never liked the song [and]...she never changed her opinion."
"Solitaire" was issued as the third single from Horizon; for the single version a guitar lead was added between the first verse and chorus. It hit number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100, their least successful single since "Bless the Beasts and Children" in 1971; it signaled a downturn in the group's popularity which, consolidated by the Top Ten shortfall of the lead single and title cut of the 1976 album A Kind of Hush, would prove irreversible. "Solitaire" did afford the Carpenters their twelfth of fifteen number 1 Easy Listening hits.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Andy Williams
Year-end charts
The Carpenters
Personnel
Karen Carpenter – lead and backing vocals
Richard Carpenter – backing vocals, piano, Fender Rhodes electric piano, Hammond organ, orchestration,
Joe Osborn – bass
Tony Peluso – guitar
Jim Gordon – drums
Earle Dumler – oboe
Other notable cover versions
Clay Aiken (US #4, Canada #1, 2004)
Tony Christie
Jann Arden
Iveta Bartošová ("Solitér" Czech)
Shirley Bassey – from her album All by Myself (1982)
Beat Crusaders
Sheryl Crow
Vic Damone - from his album Now and Forever (1982).
Gallon Drunk
Johnny Goudie
Sissel Kyrkjebø
Johnny Mathis - included on his album Feelings (1975)
Joe McElderry
Nana Mouskouri
Jane Olivor
Patricia Paay (Netherlands number 24) 1983
Elvis Presley
Brett Smiley
Westlife
Roger Whittaker
Mark Lanegan on his 2013 album Imitations
Josh Groban
Different version of the lyrics
There are significant differences between the lyrics in the Neil Sedaka, Andy Williams and Carpenters versions. Williams makes the lyrics personal, perhaps reflecting his then current separation from his wife, while the Carpenters take some of the Andy Williams changes but elsewhere keep Phil Cody's original lyrics.
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
1972 songs
1973 singles
1975 singles
Songs written by Neil Sedaka
Neil Sedaka songs
Sissel Kyrkjebø songs
The Searchers (band) songs
The Carpenters songs
Number-one singles in South Africa
Songs with lyrics by Phil Cody
A&M Records singles
Dorothy Archibald, Lady Archibald (January 1895 – 22 July 1960) was a British politician.
Born in Liverpool as Dorothy Holroyd, she studied for a year at the University of Liverpool, then at Girton College, Cambridge. After completing her studies, she became an inspector for a trades board. Immediately after World War I, she travelled to Eastern Europe to undertake relief work for children there.
In 1926, Holroyd married George Archibald, a Labour Party member of Glasgow City Council. The couple had a son, and the family moved to London in 1930, where Archibald devoted her spare time to the London North Western Child Guidance Clinic. This led her to an interest in ophthalmology, and she worked with Ida Mann on a long-term study of possible links between psychological and ophthalmological problems in children. As part of the research, Archibald spent two years at Harvard University, and when it was completed, the University of Oxford awarded her a BSc degree in recognition of her work.
Archibald stood at the Labour candidate in Bath at the 1945 United Kingdom general election, taking a strong second place. She was elected to London County Council in 1946, representing Battersea South, serving a single term. In 1950, she stood for Labour in Wells, increasing the party's vote share. By this time, George had been created Baron Archibald, and she therefore took the title of Lady Archibald.
The family moved to Hitchin in 1951, where Dorothy became a magistrate and was also active in the Family Planning Association.
References
1895 births
1960 deaths
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
British baronesses
Harvard University people
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Labour Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Members of the Fabian Society
Members of London County Council
Politicians from Liverpool
Women councillors in England
The House of Magnates () was the upper chamber of the Diet of Hungary. This chamber was operational from 1867 to 1918 and subsequently from 1927 to 1945.
The house was, like the current British House of Lords, composed of hereditaries, ecclesiastics, and, unlike the House of Lords, deputized representatives from autonomous regions (similar to Resident Commissioners of United States territories). The House had no fixed membership size, as anyone who met the qualifications could sit in it. The official list:
Princes of the royal house who have attained their majority (16 in 1904)
Hereditary peers who paid at least 3000 florins a year land tax (237 in 1904) (at its 1896 exchange rate, £1 was worth 12 florins, so this comes to £250)
High dignitaries of the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches (42 in 1904)
Representatives of the Protestant confessions (13 in 1904)
Life peers appointed by the Crown, not exceeding 50 in number, and life peers elected by the house itself (73 altogether in 1904)
Various state dignitaries and high judges (19 in 1904)
Three delegates of Croatia-Slavonia
For a full list of the speakers, see List of speakers of the House of Magnates.
The modern parliament of Hungary, the National Assembly, is unicameral and meets in the lower house, while the old upper house is used as a conference and meeting room and for tourism.
The shaping of the House of Parliament grew out of conscious choices of symbolism and carries important historical and political messages. Viewing it from the side of the Danube, we see the halls of the lower and upper houses rise on both sides of the dome surrounded by turrets, which evoke the memory of the bicameral parliament that was in operation when the building was being constructed. The two halls are completely identical in size and shape, thus expressing the equality between the representative lower house and the historical upper house. The dome rising between them signifies the unity of the legislature as well as serving as the venue for joint sittings of the two chambers.
Gallery
See also
House of Lords (Austria)
External links
Aminata is a West African given name; it may refer to:
Aminata Diaw (1959–2017), Senegalese academic and political philosopher
Aminata Maïga Ka (born 1940), Senegalese writer
Aminata Mbengue Ndiaye, member of the Pan-African Parliament
Aminata Savadogo (born 1993), Latvian singer
Aminata Sow Fall (born 1941), Senegalese-born author
Aminata Traoré (born 1942), Malian author, politician, and political activist
Sidibé Aminata Diallo, Malian academic and politician
Radical 42 or radical small () meaning "small" or "insignificant" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 41 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 36th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. Its inversed form is the associated indexing component affiliated to the principal indexing component .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5C0F
042
036
Volodymyr Ilyich Malyhin (, , Vladimir Ilyich Malygin; born 1 November 1949 in Voroshilovsk) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
His sons Aleksandr Malygin and Yuriy Malyhin played football professionally.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1972.
International career
Malyhin made his debut for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.
References
Profile
1949 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC Hirnyk Rovenky players
Ukrainian football managers
Association football defenders
People from Alchevsk
Sportspeople from Luhansk Oblast
Vila Nova is a neighborhood located in the northwest of the city Joinville, Santa Catarina (state), Brazil. It is famous because of the plantations of rice.
Neighbourhoods in Joinville
Ban Sakhla (; ) is a community and muban (village) consists of Moo 3, Moo 5 and Moo 7 of Na Kluea sub-district in Phra Samut Chedi district, Samut Prakan province on the eastern outskirts Bangkok.
Ban Sakhla is a traditional waterfront community lays on the both side of Khlong Sapphasamit canal near the Chao Phraya river estuary, where the river empties into Bay of Bangkok (upper Gulf of Thailand). Its history dates back to the late Sukhothai and early Ayutthaya periods due to the excavation of archaeological evidence such as porcelains and potteries dating back to those eras.
Originally it has known as "Ban Sao Kla" because during the Nine Armies War (1785–86) in the King Rama I's reign when all village men were drafted into the military only women left. But they bravely fought against the Burmese invaders to protect their village. Finally, they won the fight, hence the name "Ban Sao Kla" (บ้านสาวกล้า, "village of courage women") and later mispronounced to "Ban Sakhla" since then.
It is an isolated community surrounded by fish and shrimp with crab ponds and far from the downtown district. It is not accessible by road, the thoroughfare within the community are narrow paths. The only vehicles that can pass are bicycle or motorbike. Individual houses may be adjacent to each other or separated by waterways. The long-tailed boat is the most important vehicle. The locals as well as the houses still maintain the way of life of the olden days. They have Wat Sakhla temple (built in 1782) as a spiritual anchor. At present, Ban Sakhla is considered another cultural attraction of Samut Prakan, where there are still lesser known and less crowded tourists.
Kuung yiat (กุ้งเหยียด, "stretched shrimp") is a regional dish, it is a sweetened variety of dried shrimp that can be eaten head, legs and all.
The folks of Ban Sakhla use central Thai as their primary language but some words and accents are in Mon language.
References
Further reading
Bangkok Travelbug May 2018 Ban Sakhla the water community Samut Prakarn
Populated places in Samut Prakan province
Tourist attractions in Samut Prakan province
Historic districts in Thailand
Karen Ashcraft is an American communication scholar and professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Her area of research is in social justice and organizational studies. She looks at identity in the workplace and organizational structures. Specifically she studies issues of diversity, hybrid organizations, gender and power. Being an organizational communication scholar, she sees discourse as central to understanding our human condition as well as how communication amounts to organizing. She examines discourse through a lens of a feminist communicology model to look at the critical role that communication has in one's identity creation.
Academia
She completed her dissertation and received her PhD in 1998 at the University of Colorado at Boulder. She was an associate professor and taught at the University of Utah. She returned to the University of Colorado at Boulder to teach in 2009 and where she remains today as a professor. She is a feminist communication scholar who studies objects in a wider political, cultural, and economic context. Her research has primarily covered gender, power, professional identity, and alternative organizational forms. With a major focus on her work on feminism in organization communication she is able to delve into areas of underrepresented gender groups.
Research
The majority of Ashcraft's work takes place within professional organizations. A frequent area in which she researches are the effects communication differences is gender identity. Her work explores communication through a critical and feminist lens. When looking in the setting of a professional organization the structure of it is significant to the way it runs and its outcomes. While Ashcraft explores issues of diversity, identity, gender, power, and discourse; the organizational setting that she observes plays a pivotal role in her findings.
Gendered organizations
The bureaucracy structure has been utilized over years and at times been seen to be reasonable and helpful, but alternative structures that call on different aspects can also be helpful. Since bureaucracy has historically been known to be an expression that favors a male ideology, feminist have been known to advocate collectivism. Traditionally bureaucracies have been hierarchical in authority, having impersonal relations, and biased notions of objectivity and rationality. Through feminist organizations egalitarian tendencies are more sought out and collectivism displays a way to pursue empowerment by seeking to be harmonious in both private and public spheres. Feminist Organizations are a resource that no one had truly delved into in the past. Ashcraft displays how if included within management then research can create random alliances and uncover alternative viewpoints that may counter current ideologies. She sees feminist organizational communication theory as an extension of the larger feminist movement that can be seen independent of critical theory.
Ashcraft examines how discursive messages constitute organizational setting's gendered identity, instead of reflecting it. In this way, she discusses how discourse produces, solidifies, interrupts, and modifies gender identity. In one way, institutional discourse sides more with the individual rather than systematic tendencies. It separates women and men, it normalizes dominant groups' discourse, and it warrants rationale for organizational control and exclusion with difference. In a different light, looking at discourse as a performance highlights the way in which Ashcraft sees discourse constituting gender. If we were to value difference then it would involve celebrating asymmetrical power relations (Ashcraft and Pakanowsky, 1996). She advocates that the process of interaction will elicit the audience to see a new perspective. A fresh set of lenses can definitely help insiders and outsiders understand that larger context and may pair then with better understanding.
Ashcraft, along with Dennis Mumby, present four frames that can be used within the communication field to analyze discourse, power, identity, and gendered organizing relationships.
Ashcraft's first frame views gender as socially constructed but as deeply rooted in biological sex and remains relatively unchanged over time. In organizational settings, power becomes relevant in how gender differences are distinguished and belittled. Frame 1 is centered on the ways in which gender identity shapes how individuals interact with each other. In this sense communication is treated as evidence or a product of gender identity.
Frame 2 is Discourse (Dis)Organizes Gender, and it speaks to identity as something that is “done.” In her second frame, Ashcraft proposes that discourse and gender identity have a dialectical and interactional relationship. Our everyday performances, or micro-practices play a large role in our interactions with others.
The third way that Ashcraft frames her discussion is through gendered organizations. which speak to organizations being gendered in order to demonstrate and replicate patriarchy or the systemic privileging of masculinity.
The final frame that Ashcraft uses is gendered narratives in popular culture, where the focus is on communication that is “about” organizations. This would also include how a larger society, such as media, illustrates and negotiates its establishments and the very notion of work. These four frames situate forms differently they can also be positioned in terms of affinity and overlap.
Hybrid organizations
The feminist lens that Ashcraft uses enhances understanding of organizational hybrids. A hybrid organization is often less ideologically pure but more receptive to practical troubles, may better assist in institutional improvements, emancipatory revisions, or resistant behaviors. A paradoxical hybrid looks at how organizational members dealt with contradicting forms in quotidian practices. Ashcraft looks at how through hybrid forms of organizing, organizations want to find and create different options than simply the bureaucratic structure. She discusses how some organizations move from a form of bureaucracy and hierarchy, to one being feminist and egalitarian and how these two philosophies can cause tensions that may be hard to mediate.
The hybrid that erodes from her research she terms “organized dissonance.” The idea of this is that it interrupts the hegemonic generalizations about rationality, forms of organization, and power. Organized dissonance is a distinctive paradoxical form of hybrid that gets enlightened by feminist bureaucracy. This term describes an efficiently united set of forms that are thought to be confrontational. In Ashcraft's words, it is a “ strategic union of forms presumed hostile”.
Organized dissonance is a class of hybrid organization; its strategic incongruity is its guiding presumption. Organizations meet commands and objectives that conflict by employing incompatible forms. This ultimately allows members to interact with contradicting dialect that is quite deliberate. Organized dissonance brings about tensions that are among areas of: equality/inequality, centralization/decentralization, stability/flexibility, and individual/community. By disrupting the ideal harmonious hybrid organized dissonance meets goals that are contradictory. Ashcraft argues that the idea of cautiously pairing members with the “enemy” may be a better way to permit social change. Ashcraft argues that seeing these tensions that come out of hybrid forms of organizing is of great importance to examine.
Diversity
Ashcraft discusses speaking of organizational systems and behaviors as gendered but it is also important to be thinking about race. Too often do we focus meticulously on gendered ways of organizing and we consistently ignore how we are essentially raced. When looking at diversity there are many misunderstandings and aspects that are left out that tie into the way we see diversity in the workplace. Ashcraft, along with Brenda J. Allen, highlight five consequences of the ways that we are inclined to express and silence race while preserving the normative power of organized Whiteness.
The first message is that “race tends to be depicted as separate, singular that is relevant only under certain circumstances”. It is simultaneously being concealed as something that has previously been written in institutions. When we discuss race, it often seems to demonstrate an identity that is fixed with comparatively predictable outcomes on one's outlook or actions. Issues of race are also usually constrained to practice and “professional” settings. She suggests that displaying race as a central element in an organization can help by incorporating issues of race within foundational texts.
The second message is that “race is relevant in so far as it involves cultural differences, which can be identified, valued, and managed to improve organizational performance” (Ashcraft & Allen, 2003). Here stands a desperate need for appreciation and understanding to cultural diversity, which if strategically applied can allow organizational productivity and innovation to flourish. She discusses that theorizing race could help by exposing and engaging it as a serious matter within the organization. This will allow members to better grasp how race gets organizations become raced and how race gets organized.
The third message is that “all cultural differences are synonymous with international variations” (Ashcraft & Allen, 2003). As globalization rapidly spreads, organizations are expected to employ and understand differences among cultures. Another aspect is that all of the cultural differences correspond to those that are between nations. Ashcraft discusses that we can point to and expand on ranges of racial categories and heterogeneity that is encompassed within each in order to steer away from racial bifurcations. We can then propose essential possibilities to “cultural difference” race models.
The fourth message is that “racial discrimination is a function of personal bias, interpersonal misunderstanding, organizational failure to manage cultural differences, and disproportionate demographics” (Ashcraft & Allen, 2003). Discrimination comes from numerous sources including misunderstandings and management styles. It is described as being an unfortunate behavior of members inside an organization and not as a distinctive organizational creation. It is important to study experiences that comparative to workers of multiple racial groups within diverse organizational environments.
The fifth message is “white (collar) workplaces and work/ers constitute “universal” settings, identities, and practices” 2003. This is to say that organizations can colonize their members in various ways, but by placing assumptions on a “universal” worker may place some members in a more favorable and appropriate place than others. For example, when we craft our “professional” self then we must also enact “Whiteness,” because of the dilution of cultural identities and having “whiteness” as a homogeneous and invisible standard. Here Ashcraft suggests examining the idea that we are all raced beings, including that of Whiteness.
If we look into our industry's racial roots we will be able to have a richer understanding on how organizing is raced very deeply. When looking at race an important aspect that Ashcraft delves into is being sensitive to absence and presence. Here she looks at both why and how race draws our obvious attention and indefinite silence to certain things. Ashcraft displays how institutional powers use both race and gender to delineate members as having less credibility or in sexualized ways. In this way, culture's of organizations have an interplay with raced organizations in that it supports or contradicts social constructions of race and gender that happen at the societal level.
It is significant for Ashcraft to study and initiate discourse over troubling questions because they are much overdue. After sparking awareness, eventually she has a vision to rebuild the racial foundation of organizational communication.
Publications
Ashcraft has appeared in the following forums: Communication Monographics, Administrative Science Quarterly, and Academy of Management Journal. She has co-authored a book with Dennis Mumby in 2004 named Reworking Gender: A Feminist Communicology of Organization. She has written several chapters in numerous books as well as being published in multiple communication research journals.
Awards
Ashcraft has been the recipient of many academic honors and awards. Following are just some of her honors: Article of the Year Award for NCA in the Organizational Communication Division, in 2006, Book of the Year Award for NCA in the Organizational Communication Division in 2004, and she was named the Virgil C. Aldrich Fellow by the Tanner Humanities Center at the University of Utah for Spring 2003.
References
Sources
Ashcraft, K. L. (2000). Empowering "professional" relationships: Organizational communication meets feminist practice. Management Communication Quarterly, 13, 347–392.
Ashcraft, K. L. (2005). Feminist organizational communication studies: Engaging gender in public and private. In S. May & D. K. Mumby (Eds.), Engaging Organizational Communication Theory & Research: Multiple Perspectives (pp. 141–170). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Ashcraft, K. L. & Flores, L. A. (2003). “Slaves with white collars": Persistent performances of masculinity in crisis. Text and Performance Quarterly, 23 (1), 1–29.
Ashcraft, K. L., & Kedrowicz, A. (2002). Self-direction or social support?: Nonprofit empowerment and the tacit employment contract of organizational communication studies. Communication Monographs, 69, 88–110.
Ashcraft, K. L., & Pacanowsky, M. E. (1996). “A woman's worst enemy”: Reflections on a narrative of organizational life and female identity. Journal of Applied Communication Research, 24, 1–23.
Date of birth unknown
Living people
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of Utah faculty
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK) is a guide about business analysis, issued by the International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA), attempting to reflect current best practice and to provide a framework that describes the areas of knowledge, with associated activities and tasks and techniques required, from the International Institute of Business Analysis.
According to Capability Maturity Model Integration, organisations interested in process improvement should adopt industry standards from the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (and other associated references) to lift their project delivery from the ad hoc to the managed level.
History
The BABOK was first published by the International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) as a draft document version 1.4, in October 2005, for consultation with the wider business analysis and project management community, to document and standardise generally accepted business analysis practices. The first formal release was at version 1.6 in June 2006. Version 2.0 was released in 2009. Version 3.0 was released in 2015.
References
External links
A Guide to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (Babok Guide) Version 3.0
2005 works
Business process
Project management
Systems analysis
Business analysis
Wynyard Park is a urban park in the Sydney central business district, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Wynyard Park is bounded by York, Carrington, Margaret and Wynyard Streets. Surrounded by modern high-rise buildings it is one of the most densely built-up and intensively used parks in Sydney. Entrances to Wynyard railway station are located on the north-eastern and north-western corners of the park.
Wynyard Park is the site of the first military barracks in Australia, the present park having its location, form and dimensions from the space of the original parade ground that the barracks occupied. The site is one Australia's oldest parks to be continuously set aside as open space for public use in an urban context. The park has maintained its role as an open square for public meetings, political protests, entertainment, assembly and passive recreation since its dedication as a public park in 1887.
Wynyard Park is a popular place for office workers to eat lunch. Also, many bus services to the northern suburbs originate their journeys in the streets bordering the park.
History
The space which is now Wynyard Park was originally the parade ground of the first military barracks established shortly after the European colonisation of Sydney in 1788. It was from the park that the New South Wales Corps marched to arrest Governor Bligh in 1808, an event later known as the Rum Rebellion. Following the 1848 completion of Victoria Barracks, the barracks site was subdivided and private dwellings and shops were developed. Provision was made for a square to remain on the higher part of the former Barrack Square. From 1848-1887 the area was known as Wynyard Square, named after General Wynyard, Commander of British Forces in Australia, from 1848 to 1853. The square was dedicated as a recreation ground in 1875 and fenced and landscaped. Like similar squares in England its use was confined to residents who held keys to the gates, although by 1907 the American trend of removing fences around parks had been copied here.
The original George Street military barracks were much larger in area, extending from Barrack Street in the south to almost Jamieson Street in the north, and extending west to Clarence Street
Also in the 1880s a bus terminus was established for passengers from the southern suburbs, beginning the area's long association with public transport. The building of a railway station here was first suggested in 1881 but it was 1932 before Wynyard Station opened. The square was dedicated as a public park in 1887 and the following year a bandstand was erected in the centre of the park. The park's most significant period was 1890 to 1910 when it was well planned and established. Its layout reflects this late Victorian Period in its landscape design. Colonial Architect Mortimer Lewis (1835-1849) and the Director of the Sydney Botanic Gardens Charles Moore (1848-1896), influenced the design of the park. From 1887 it became known as Wynyard Park.
When the Sydney underground railways (now part of the Sydney Trains network) were constructed in 1927, Wynyard railway station was constructed by excavating the park and then rebuilding the park after the station had been constructed.
Description
At the northern end of the park is a statue by Giovanni Fontana from 1890 of the Reverend J. D. Lang, the Presbyterian minister and controversialist, lived at Wynyard Square and was responsible for the erection of the Scots Church in 1826. His statue is close to the Church, formerly the main Presbyterian church in central Sydney.
The ornate underground men's lavatory with a domed glass roof was built in 1912 and is similar to others at Hyde Park, Taylor Square and Macquarie Place Park.
The park includes mature border plantings of Moreton Bay Figs (Flindersia Australis) and Plane trees, an Art Nouveau toilet block including fences, signs and lights, and sandstone walls.
Gallery
See also
Wynyard, Sydney
List of parks in Sydney
References
External links
[CC-By-SA]
Parks in Sydney
York Street, Sydney
1887 establishments in Australia
Parks established in 1887
Volta was one of 16 s built for the French Navy during the 1910s.
Citations
Bibliography
Brumaire-class submarines
World War I submarines of France
1911 ships
WinRed is an American Republican Party (GOP) fundraising platform endorsed by the Republican National Committee. It was launched to compete with the Democratic Party's success in online grassroots fundraising with their platform ActBlue.
Product details
WinRed is a for-profit fundraising platform built for the GOP. GOP leadership began discussing the possibility of building a competitor to ActBlue within days of the 2018 midterm results. WinRed was called Patriot Pass in its initial announcements, with an expected release date of February 2019. The name was changed following Robert Kraft's complaints that the name resembled that of his football team, the New England Patriots.
The GOP, the Trump re-election campaign, and other state-wide and local-level races across the United States used the platform as of late 2019, with nearly 800 campaigns using the platform by May 2020. WinRed discloses donor information to the Federal Election Commission.
WinRed merged Revv, a GOP payment processing firm founded in December 2014 by Gerrit Lansing, and DataTrust, the party's voter data repository. The platform allows one-click donations.
In 2019, the RNC and the Trump administration applied heavy pressure to incentivize all Republican campaigns to use the platform. In April 2020, the platform expanded from its previous representation of only federal-level candidates and opened support to state- and local-level races.
Revenue
WinRed took in $30 million in its first three months after launch, $100 million in its first six, and $130 million in the first quarter of 2020. (In comparison, ActBlue brought in $141 million in April 2020 alone, compared to close to $60 million for WinRed.) Donald Trump was the largest beneficiary, with six senators raising at least $1 million each. Lansing, as well as various Republican operatives, attributed some of this success to the impeachment effort at the time. In the day after Trump's first impeachment was announced, the Trump campaign and the RNC received over $5 million. Lansing reported that Trump had received 52% of overall donations as of May 2020.
Competitors
As part of party negotiations to launch WinRed, the platform Victory Pass was expected to close. The nonpartisan platform Anedot was not involved in discussions among party leadership.
The Trump administration sent a cease and desist letter to WinRed's rival Anedot. The Republican State Leadership Committee, which is in charge of the .gop TLD, revoked the domain registration of the "Give.GOP" website, which re-branded and re-launched in July 2019 as "Right.us". The national Republican party has said it will limit national party committee investments and data to federal candidates and state parties who use WinRed.
Criticism
Following the aggressive push for Republican campaigns to use WinRed, many party officials, fundraisers, and campaign operatives criticized the effort on several grounds. Some critiqued the requirement that campaigns use WinRed, arguing that the effort pushed aside older services preferred by campaigns like Anedot or Give.GOP. Others expressed concern about profits, noting that it was unclear who stood to gain from use of the service and comparing the higher fees of WinRed to those of competitors.
In the weeks following launch, state officials and campaign operatives pushed back against the Republican Party's consolidation behind WinRed, arguing that the party's acceptance of a monopoly over fundraising violated free-market principles. In addition, they expressed concern that the platform might constitute a money and data grab.
Following the 2020 campaign, several Trump donors said they were unknowingly billed for recurring contributions to his campaign, with some having as much as several thousand dollars deducted without their knowledge. Some experts attributed this, at least in part, to how WinRed's platform was set up. They utilized prefilled checkboxes that donors needed to manually uncheck to prevent repeat donations. In addition, unlike ActBlue, WinRed keeps a cut of refunded contributions. After the release of that reporting, the National Republican Congressional Committee continued to use the same tactic in their fundraising on WinRed.
In 2022, a judge gave permission for an investigation by several state attorneys general into WinRed's fundraising practices to continue.
References
Republican Party (United States)
Political software
2019 establishments in Virginia
Organizations based in Arlington County, Virginia
Political organizations established in 2019
Johann Dick (16 October 1883 – 18 May 1944) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1903 to 1904.
References
External links
1883 births
1944 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1984.
1984
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1984 at HKcinemamagic.com
1984
Lists of 1984 films by country or language
1984 in Hong Kong
Saturday Afternoon at the Opera is a Canadian radio programme, which airs Saturday afternoons on CBC Music. The programme airs live and pre-recorded opera concert performances, as well as interviews with opera artists and reviews of opera CDs.
SATO includes the Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts during its season, from late November or early December to late April or early May each year. As contractually required, these broadcasts are aired in their entirety, including sponsorships, representing one of only two forms of advertising currently permitted on CBC Radio. This is despite the fact that the current sponsor of the Metropolitan Opera broadcasts, Toll Brothers, does not have any Canadian operations.
From 1985 until 2007, whenever SATO was not retransmitting a Metropolitan Opera radio broadcast, most programs (intermissions permitting) included an opera quiz hosted by Stuart Hamilton, in much the same format as the quiz that is part of the Met broadcasts.
While Saturday Afternoon at the Opera originated in 1982, CBC Radio has been carrying the Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts since the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's creation in 1936, as did its predecessor, the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission, which began airing the program in December 1933. The Metropolitan Opera broadcasts were simulcast on both the main CBC Radio network (known today as CBC Radio One) and what was originally the FM network (known for many years as CBC Stereo, now CBC Music) from the beginning of the FM network in 1946 until 1985. The Metropolitan Opera broadcasts are also aired on the CBC's French network on the programme Place à l'Opéra.
The program was hosted for two decades by Howard Dyck from 1987-2007. Bill Richardson hosted the programme from 2007 until 2013. Ben Heppner subsequently hosted the programme from 2013 to 2021. Since 2021, the programme host is First Nations mezzo-soprano Marion Newman.
CBC Radio One's pop culture newsmagazine Definitely Not the Opera, which aired from 1994 until 2016, took its name from the fact that it aired at the same time as SATO.
References
External links
Saturday Afternoon at the Opera CBC Radio page
Saturday Afternoon at the Opera - Canadian Communication Foundation
CBC Music programs
Canadian classical music radio programs
The 2016 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink from 22 January to 24 January 2016. The tournament was part of the 2015–2016 speed skating season. Jan Blokhuijsen and Antoinette de Jong won the allround titles.
Schedule
Medalists
Allround
Distance
Classification
Men's allround
Women's allround
Source:
References
2016 in speed skating
2016 in Dutch sport
2016 Allround
Sports competitions in Amsterdam
January 2016 sports events in Europe
2016 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships
The Grove Court Apartments in Montgomery, Alabama is an apartment complex built in 1947. Though it won an award for its design, it was abandoned in the 1990s and has been derelict since. Since 2013, it is listed as a historical site in the National Register of Historic Places listings in Montgomery County, Alabama.
Location
The Grove Court Apartments are located at 559 South Court Street, previously owned by Newton Joseph Bell II. Bell was born in North Carolina in 1848. In 1851 his family moved to Alabama, where he grew up and farmed on the family plantation. He married Maria Ella Whitely and moved to Lowndes County. Bell then rented a farm in Lowndes County and opened a retail business. He later purchased one hundred and sixty acres of land. In 1881 he moved his family to the home he built on South Court Street, which would become the location of the Grove Court Apartments. Bell remained there until his death in 1910.
Background and planning
After World War II and the Great Depression there was not enough housing to accommodate over ten million servicemen returning from the war. The government secured loans to reduce the housing crisis. The Federal Housing Agency guaranteed ninety percent of the loan if builders would agree to the Federal Housing Agency specifications.
After four houses were demolished on South Court Street, Carl W. Bear and Bear Brothers construction began building the Grove Court Apartments. In 1948 Carl W. Bear and Virginia O. Bear purchased Grove Court Apartments for $10.00 and other valuable goods. The builders agreed to work with the Federal Housing Agency to build Grove Court Apartments. The land was measured 211 by 287 feet. The apartment complex consisted of fifty-four one-bed room units and twenty-seven two-bedroom units, including parking on the street.
The Grove Court Apartments were designed by the Pearson, Tittle, and Narrow architectural firm in 1947 and built in the same year by the Bear Brothers construction company. The architectural style of Grove Court Apartments earned Clyde Pearson outstanding recognition in the field of design. Clyde Pearson was advanced to the highest class of membership in the American Institute of Architects. The Pearson, Tittle and Narrow architectural firm was nationally recognized in the Progressive Architecture magazine and the American Institute of Architecture magazine in 1947.
Description and layout
The units were accessible through the outside staircases. There were no inside staircases or shared hallways. The apartments were designed with an upstairs laundry room that employed an attendant. The building was designed with a flat top roof and an outside covered play area for children. The bedrooms were ten-by-twelve foot. The living rooms were twelve-by-seventeen-foot, and the dining rooms were eight-by-thirteen foot. The apartments were built with hollow tiles. The staircases and floors were made of concrete. The window frames were made of steel. The apartments were equipped with six-by-eight storage units in the basement.
The inside was painted white and the outside brick was painted gray and trimmed in green. The doors were burgundy and the windows were trimmed cream. After the war Grove Court Apartments became Montgomery's biggest construction project. Grove Court Apartments was considered a luxury apartment complex by post war standards. It was the residence of prominent citizens. Lawyers, doctors, and businessmen made Grove Court Apartments their home.
1970s-present: abandonment, current condition
Since the 1970s and the 1980s Grove Court Apartments has deteriorated. Five property owners that live near the apartment complex signed a letter stating that trash was in the abandoned building and people were living in the building. In 2013 Grove Court Apartments was placed on the National Register of Historic places. The Grove Court Apartments are currently on the market to be sold. The Abraham Brothers has owned the property since 1950.
References
Residential buildings completed in 1947
Buildings and structures in Montgomery, Alabama
Unused buildings in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Montgomery, Alabama
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
The Associação Paulista de Críticos de Arte (São Paulo Association of Art Critics) or APCA (established 1956) is an organization based in São Paulo, Brazil which honors the best in the Brazilian fields of stage acting (since 1956), music, literature, film, television, plastic arts (since 1972/1973), and radio (since 1980).
See also
APCA Award for Best Film
References
External links
APCA at the Internet Movie Database
Brazilian awards
Brazilian literary awards
Awards established in 1956
Arts organisations based in Brazil
1956 establishments in Brazil
Sant'Eligio degli Orefici is a church in Rome, Italy. It is located in the rione Regola, near via Giulia, on a corner of the via of the same name that ends below the Lungotevere dei Tebaldi, a few blocks northwest of the Palazzo Farnese.
Initially designed by Raphael for the Guild of Goldsmiths when they split off from the Guild of Ironworkers in 1509 and dedicated to their patron saint Eligius, it was completed by Baldassarre Peruzzi and Bastiano da Sangallo. Besides his work on St Peter's Basilica, this is the only church in Rome that, although partially, can definitely be attributed to Raphael. Its cupola is attributed to Baldassare Peruzzi and the interior is also by Raphael, in a Bramante-like style, though the present façade is early 17th century and by Flaminio Ponzio.
References
External links
Interactive Nolli Map Website
Raphael buildings
Eligio
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Eligio Orefici
This is a list of villages in Jandaha block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Jandaha
The Sahel bush sparrow (Gymnoris dentata) or bush petronia, is a species of bird in the family Passeridae. It is found in Africa from Mauritania to Guinea and east to Eritrea and the south-western Arabian Peninsula in its natural habitats of dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Description
The Sahel bush sparrow is a small bird with a large, conical beak and a short tail. It grows to a length of about . The male has a grey crown, a wide but ill-defined reddish-brown supercilium and greyish-brown face and throat, surrounding the creamy-white bib. The male's beak is black during the breeding season but horn-coloured during the rest of the year. The plumage on the upper parts and tail is mainly brown, with no white on the tail. The upper throat has an ill-defined yellowish spot and the breast is creamy-buff, becoming whiter on the belly. The female is similar, but has a better-defined white supercilium, brownish rather than grey crown and face, horn-coloured beak all year round and two white wing bars. The juvenile is similar to the female.
Distribution and habitat
This bush sparrow is found in suitable habitat in a broad belt across the Sahel region of Africa, its range extending from Senegal to Eritrea and Yemen. Its habitat is typically semi-arid savannah with scattered trees and cultivated clearings near settlements, at altitudes up to about .
Status
This species has an extremely wide range and is described as common in some parts of its range. The population seems to be steady and no specific threats have been identified, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Sahel bush sparrow
Birds of the Sahel
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of the Arabian Peninsula
Sahel bush sparrow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Whitechapel and St George's by-election, 1930 was a parliamentary by-election held on 3 December 1930 for the British House of Commons constituency of Whitechapel and St George's in the Metropolitan Borough of Stepney.
Vacancy
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Labour Member of Parliament (MP), Harry Gosling, died on 24 October 1930. He had been MP for the seat since a 1923 by-election.
Electoral history
The constituency was a Labour/Liberal marginal that had been won by Labour at every election from 1922 onwards. Usually the Unionists had not fielded a candidate but intervened at the last election, helping to split the ant-Labour vote and give Labour its biggest ever win here;
Candidates
The Labour candidate was 53-year-old J. H. Hall. He was contesting his first parliamentary election. He was an Alderman of neighbouring Stepney Borough Council, and was employed as a foreman by the Port of London Authority. He was sponsored by the Transport and General Workers' Union, like his predecessor.
The Liberal candidate selected on 3 November 1930 was 38-year-old Barnett Janner. He had been Liberal candidate for Cardiff Central at the 1929 election, where he had finished third. Later in the year he moved to Hendon, north London, and took up employment as company secretary and solicitor for his father-in-law's business. In 1926 he was elected to the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and subsequently became a member of the executive of the English Zionist Federation. Janner's Jewish background was thought ideal as the Jewish population made up a third of the constituency. In September 1930, before Gosling had died, Liberal leader, David Lloyd George had identified Janner as a suitable candidate. However, there were other Liberals who had been in the running to win the candidate nomination, notably local councillor and social worker, Miss Miriam Moses.
The Conservative Party candidate was 24 years old Loel Guinness. He had contested the seat for the Conservatives in the 1929 general election.
The Communist candidate was 40-year-old Harry Pollitt, the Party's new General Secretary. He had stood against the Prime Minister, Ramsay MacDonald, at Seaham in the 1929 general election.
Campaign
Although the Liberal party was not expecting to overturn such a large Labour majority, they hoped to do well enough in the by-election to help encourage the party in the rest of the country. Lloyd George ensured that the Liberal's campaign was sufficiently funded through the 'Lloyd George Fund'.
Janner campaigned in opposition to the government's policy on Palestine. On 20 October 1930, the Labour government's Passfield white paper was issued, which proposed the introduction of severe restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine. This went down particularly well in the Whitechapel area of the constituency.
The TGWU were worried that the Labour candidate would lose Jewish support and the seat because of the government's white paper. The Union's Secretary, Ernest Bevin met with Dov Hoz and the visiting Jewish Labour movement in Palestine, the Poale Zion, who were unhappy about the government's proposals. He persuaded them to publicly back the Labour candidate, which put them in conflict with many members of the British Poale Zion. Dov Hoz agreed to share a platform with Bevin and Hall at a Labour campaign rally. At the meeting, following the speech from Bevin, Hoz got up to speak and was howled down by the audience. The meeting became so disrupted that the police were called in to restore order. Hoz accused the Liberal candidate Janner, of exploiting the white paper for his own political ends.
Result
Despite a massive swing to the Liberals, Hall held onto the seat on a much reduced majority;
Hall blamed the fall in the Labour vote on the economic difficulties faced by the Labour Government, and on a "flood of misrepresentation" from the government's opponents.
Aftermath
Hall held the seat until Janner took it for the Liberals at the 1931 election. Guinness was elected MP for Bath at the same elections;
See also
Whitechapel and St George's constituency
1923 Whitechapel and St George's by-election
1942 Whitechapel and St George's by-election
List of the United Kingdom by-elections
United Kingdom by-election records
References
Whitechapel and St George's by-election
Whitechapel and St George's,1930
Whitechapel and St George's,1930
Whitechapel and St George's by-election
Whitechapel
Whitechapel and St George's by-election
Javier Conde Becerra (born February 19, 1975), better known as Javier Conde, is one of the most famous Spanish bullfighters to come from Málaga.
Biography
The Malagueño began bullfighting on June 4, 1989, in Benalmádena.
He is very popular with the crowds in and also outside the ring. Conde's very natural style and striking good looks, together with his polite nature, makes him popular with the press.
On December 14, 2001, he married successful flamenco singer Estrella Morente in 'Nuestra Señora de las Angustias basilica' in Granada and has 2 children.
Filmography
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (2004)..Camila's Matador
aka Pont du roi Saint-Louis, Le (France)
aka Puente de San Luis Rey, El (Spain)
Hable con ella (2002) (uncredited)..Bullfighter
aka Talk to Her (International: English title)
Television
XXI premios Goya (2007) (TV) (uncredited) As Himself - Audience Member
"Corazón de..." .... Himself (1 episode, 2000)
Episode dated 26 October 2000 (2000) TV Episode ...Himself
"Qué me dices" .... Himself (3 episodes, 1996–1997)
Episode dated 18 February 1997 (1997) TV Episode ..Himself
Episode dated 12 November 1996 (1996) TV Episode ..Himself
Episode dated 16 September 1996 (1996) TV Episode .Himself
Corazón de..."
Episode dated 3 January 2006 (2006) TV Episode ....Himself
"Corazón, corazón"
Episode dated 26 November 2005 (2005) TV Episode ..Himself
See also
List of bullfighters
Bullfighting
Torero
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20080208155754/http://www.hola.com/anteriores/2001/12/19/ho2994s2/
External links
(Photos)
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Málaga
Spanish bullfighters
Clyde–Green Springs Schools, officially the Clyde–Green Springs Exempted Village School District, is a public school district in southeastern Sandusky County and northern Seneca County, Ohio, United States, that mainly serves the cities of Clyde and Green Springs and the surrounding area. District offices are located in Clyde and the district includes one high school, one middle school, and two elementary schools.
Facilities
Elementary schools
Clyde Elementary School (Clyde)
Green Springs Elementary School (Green Springs)
Middle schools
McPherson Middle School (Clyde)
High schools
Clyde High School (Clyde)
Incidents
School district treasury theft
On January 22, 2010, former superintendent Todd Helms, who was superintendent from 2002 until 2008, was charged with stealing $295,081 from the district. He pleaded guilty and received a sentence of 8 years in prison and restitution.
On May 13, 2015, Helms was released, after serving five years of his original sentence, due to factors including "the nonviolent nature of his offenses and the fact that he's paid a substantial amount of the restitution he [owed]." As of May 17, 2015, Helms still owed $32,500.
References
School districts in Ohio
Education in Sandusky County, Ohio
Istgah Kheyam (, also Romanized as Īstgāh Kheyām) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Langelsheim is a town in the district of Goslar in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Geography
The municipality is situated between the river Innerste and its tributary Grane, on the northern edge of the Harz mountain range and the Harz National Park, located about northwest of Goslar.
Subdivisions
Langelsheim is divided into eight Ortschaften with the following population as of 30 June 2020:
Astfeld (2,097 inhabitants)
Bredelem (438 inhabitants)
Hahausen (765 inhabitants)
Langelsheim (5,067 inhabitants)
Lautenthal (1,511 inhabitants)
Lutter am Barenberge (2,296 inhabitants)
Wallmoden (907 inhabitants)
Wolfshagen im Harz (2,192 inhabitants)
History
The place once called Langenizze developed in the 10th century out of a hill fort at the Kahnstein mountain, erected by the Ottonian dynasty. Langelsheim was the site of historic ironworks, first documented in the 13th century, where ore from the Mines of Rammelsberg was smelted. The former municipalities Hahausen, Lutter am Barenberge and Wallmoden are part of Langelsheim since 1 November 2021.
Demographics
As of 30 June 2020 there were 11,305 inhabitants in Langelsheim.
Politics
Town council
2006 local elections:
SPD: 17 seats
CDU: 9 seats
2016 local elections:
SPD: 12
FDP: 1
WGL: 6
CDU: 7
Mayors
Since November 2013: Ingo Henze (SPD)
2006-2013: Henning Schrader (SPD)
International relations
Langelsheim is twinned with:
Emmer-Compascuum, Emmen, Netherlands
Nieuw-Weerdinge, Emmen, Netherlands
Roswinkel, Emmen, Netherlands
Notable people
Henry E. Steinway, (1797-1871), born Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg in Wolfshagen in Harz, was a piano maker
Jan Assmann, (born 1938), an Egyptologist
Hans-Werner Bothe, (born 1952), philosopher and neurosurgeon
Timo Rose, (born 1977), motion picture director and musician
References
External links
Towns in Lower Saxony
Goslar (district)
Towns in the Harz
Duchy of Brunswick
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon municipality of Fernelmont. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Fernelmont
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Fernelmont
Barellan is a small town in Narrandera Shire in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. On Census night 2016, Barellan had declined to a population of 538. It is a quiet Riverina wheat town on the Burley Griffin Way, with characteristic silos, and functions primarily as a service centre for the surrounding agricultural area.
History
The name of Barellan is an Aboriginal expression which literally means the meeting of the waters.
The railway reached Barellan in 1908 and a post office was opened on 1 April 1909.
The Commercial Hotel, "a typically large and rather gracious hotel with an impressive upper verandah", was built in 1924.
Barellan was also the first town to have a Country Women's Association (CWA) rest house, built in 1924, the same year as the hotel.
In 2009, Barellan celebrated its centenary.
Demography
Unlike many rural localities in the area, the population level has fluctuated over a number of years, evidenced as follows:
Note : The data covers just the urban locality of Barellan, while the 2006 later data covers the urban locality and surrounding rural properties.
Heritage listings
Barellan has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Yapunyah Street: CWA Rest House
Evonne Goolagong
Barellan is notable as the childhood home of the tennis-player Evonne Goolagong (now Evonne Goolagong Cawley). There is a small plaque honouring her in the main street. Evonne Goolagong was born in nearby Griffith on 31 July 1951 and attended Barellan Primary School. Although Aboriginal people faced widespread discrimination in rural Australia at this time, Evonne was able to play tennis in Barellan from childhood thanks to Bill Kurtzman, a kindly resident, who saw her peering through the fence at the local courts and encouraged her to come in to play. Goolagong left Barellan to attend Willoughby Girls High School in Sydney where she developed her tennis-playing skills.
The Big Tennis Racquet
A long replica of a tennis racquet used by Evonne Goolagong has been built in Evonne Goolagong Park. Goolagong unveiled the exact scale model of the wooden Dunlop racquet during Barellan's centenary celebrations on 3 October 2009.
Barellan Central School
Barellan has a central school that goes from kindergarten to year 12 and has 100 enrolled students. Barellan is part of the RAP (Riverina Access Partnership) which allows the year 11 and 12 students to complete their HSC. It comprises students from Hillston Central, Ardlethan Central and Ariah Park Central in video conferencing. In 2010, Oaklands Central and Urana Central Schools entered the Partnership and has a local light bulb collector that gets old fluorescent tubes .
Football
The Barellan Rams compete in the Group 17 Rugby League competition. They were Clayton Cup winners as the best local team in the state in 1999 and 2002. The Barellan Two Blues compete in the Farrer Football League having previously competed in the Northern Riverina Football League until 2015.
Gallery
References
External links
Barellan Public School
Barellan Railway Siding
Towns in the Riverina
Towns in New South Wales
Narrandera Shire
Hur Young-in (born 1949) is a South Korean entrepreneur and chairman of SPC Group, which owns brands such as SPC Samlip, Paris Croissant, Paris Baguette, Baskin-Robbins and Dunkin' Donuts operations in South Korea.
Early life and Education
Born in 1949, Hur Young-in is Chairman of SPC Group that operates subsidiaries including Paris Croissant, BR Korea and SPC Samlip. Desiring to learn advanced baking and patisserie skills and knowhow, he went to the United States in 1981 to study pastry and baking.
After returning to Korea, Chairman Hur Young-in opened in 1986 a European style bakery store in Seoul named ‘Paris Croissant' to introduce freshly baked bread at the store, and expanded business in 1988 by launching franchise stores under the brand name ‘Paris Baguette'. Having developed the domestic market-focused bakery business into an internationally recognized franchise business with advanced skills, knowhow and brand, the company expanded the business to overseas markets. Paris Baguette now operates stores in 7 countries, including the United States, the world's largest market, and China, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia, as well as France, the top country in bakery and the home of baguettes.
Career
Upon successfully growing his franchise business in South Korea and abroad, Hur founded the parent company, SPC Group in 2004, and relocated his subsidiaries, Paris Croissant, Samlip Food Corporation (now renamed SPC Samlip), and BR Korea. BR Korea is a joint venture for Baskin Robbins and Dunkin' Donuts operations in Korea.
For his contribution of spreading bread as a staple in South Korea, he received the Ordre National du Merite l'Officier and the Merite Agricole Chevalier from the French government in 2010 and 2012 respectively.
In popular culture
The 2010 Korea Broadcasting System television drama King of Baking, Kim Takgu (English title: Bread, Love and Dreams) is based on Hur's experience as a child overcoming hardships to make quality bread and grow his business.
References
External links
Forbes.com Profile: Hur Young-in
1949 births
Living people
South Korean businesspeople
Slow (stylized; SLOW) is the fourteenth studio album by Starflyer 59. Tooth & Nail Records released the album on June 17, 2016.
Critical reception
Tim Sendra writes, "Since the album is so short, and since he does try to be something else, it makes for one of the least satisfying of Starflyer 59's many albums." Andy Argyrakis describes, "the Jason Martin-led act not only returns to Tooth & Nail Records, but also turns in another textbook batch of its lo-fi atmospheres and melodic textures that could fit right in alongside any current band on Pitchfork's tastemaking playlists. Lyrically speaking, the guys sound older, wiser and at their most reflective, sure to be another sticking point for their extremely dedicated fan base and also a thought-provoking entry point for the hipster kids coming up." Jonathan J. Francesco states, "The songs probe deep themes of love and nostalgia, of regret and the past. The vocals are subdued and relaxed, and the music is a laid-back rock that has just enough energy to propel things along. The two make for a haunting mix that is definitely something I am curious to explore more on repeat listens, and also to take a second look at the band's past albums."
Bersain Beristain says, "Slow makes no fault at all. It's not solely dependent on one side of Starflyer 59's many colorful faces, but rather, it allows us to see them all with balance. Sure, it doesn't reinvent the band to catapult them into the glory days of their metallic albums, but it does well what it sought out to do. In a time where indie rock is stagnating compared to the growth it saw in the first decade of the millennium, Martin reminds me that not only is there hope for the genre, but more importantly, for Starflyer 59 itself." Michael Weaver responds, "he most certainly has 'so much left to give.'" Mark Rice calls, "it a highly refreshing, highly enjoyable (and even thoughtful) listen." Scott Fryberger mentions, "Slow is a solid way to return from a short break."
Track listing
Charts
References
2016 albums
Starflyer 59 albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
The Committee of European Banking Supervisors (CEBS) was an independent advisory group on banking supervision in the European Union (EU). Established by the European Commission in 2004 by Decision 2004/5/EC, and its charter revised on 23 January 2009, it was composed of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks of the European Union. On 1 January 2011, this committee was succeeded by the European Banking Authority (EBA), which took over all existing and ongoing tasks and responsibilities of the Committee of European Banking Supervisors (CEBS). The European Banking Authority was established by Regulation (EC) No. 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010.
Its role was to:
Advise the European Commission, on the latter's request, or within a time period the Commission may have set depending on the urgency of the matter, or acting on its own behalf, in particular as regards the preparation of draft measures in the scope of lending activities.
Contribute to the consistent implementation of EU directives and the convergence of financial supervisory practices in all member states of the entire European Community.
Improve supervisory cooperation, including exchange of information.
European Economic Area countries which are not EU members participated as permanent observers.
The other level-3 committees of the European Union in the Lamfalussy process are the Committee of European Securities Regulators and the Committee of European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Supervisors.
History
So the European Commission's decision (2009/78/EC) of 23 January 2009, "for reasons of legal security and clarity", repealed, in its 16th article Decision 2004/5/EC, which changed the legal framework of the committee.
On 1 January 2011, the committee was superseded by the European Banking Authority.
Roles (tasks)
In particular, according to article 2 of the Decision 2009/78/EC,
According to article 3 of the same Decision,
According to article 4 of same Decision,
According to article 5:
Article 6:
Structure (organisation and operation)
According to articles 7–15 of the Decision 2009/78/EC:
Article 7:
Article 8:
Article 9:
Article 10:
Article 11
Article 12
Article 13
Article 14
Article 15
Location
The office of the Secretariat of the CEBS was located in the City of London, UK.
See also
European Banking Authority
Committee of European Securities Regulators
Committee of European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Supervisors
Financial regulation
European Commission
European Commissioner for Internal Market and Services
Lamfalussy process
2010 European Union banking stress test exercise
List of acronyms: European sovereign-debt crisis
References
External links
The former official website of the Committee of European Banking Supervisors (http://www.c-ebs.org) now redirects to the official website of the European Banking Authority
2010 EU-wide banking stress-test results
COREP and FINREP XBRL taxonomies of the Committee of European Banking Supervisors
Defunct financial regulatory authorities
Bank regulation
Regulation in the European Union
Banking in the European Union
2004 establishments in Europe
2011 disestablishments in Europe
Stephen Randolph may refer to:
Stephen Randolph (born 1974), American baseball player
Stephen Randolph (historian), American historian, author and former Director of the Office of the Historian
Kayensar may refer to:
Kayensar, Arsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Kayensar, Kukmorsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a village (selo) in Kukmorsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia
Apotomis betuletana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic realm. The habitat consists of woods and woodland margins where birch occurs.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. The forewings are white, sometimes partly ochreous - tinged, with some grey striae posteriorly. The basal patch and central fascia are dark brown, black -marked, the included space dark ashy-fuscous, all slightly whitish sprinkled, on fold sometimes more mixed with white. The posterior edge of fascia is nearly straight, followed in middle by a faint pinkish-ochreous tinge. Hindwings grey, darker posteriorly. The larva is green, incisions yellowish; dorsal and subdorsal lines grey-green; tubercular spots yellow; head yellow-green; plate of 2 pale green. Julius von Kennel provides a full description.
Adults are on wing from July to September.
The larvae feed on Betula species. They spin and roll the leaves of their host plant. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place in the larval habitation or among leaf-litter on the ground. It hibernates in the egg stage.
References
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Tortricidae of Europe
Communist Party of Castile–León (, Leonese: Partido Comunista de Castiella Llión), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in Castile and León.
External links
Partido Comunista de Castilla León
Castile-Leon
Political parties in Castile and León
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Kellee Maize (born January 18, 1980) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. Her first album, Age of Feminine, was released in 2007. Maize has recorded and released six full albums and several singles. As of 2011, her YouTube videos had combined for over four million views, and she had over 180,000 Twitter and Facebook fans. Her albums had been downloaded over 400,000 times, and she has been mentioned in various media outlets over 200 times. According to a news report in 2011, a Google search for “female rapper” displayed her website as the number one search result.
Early life
Maize was born in Reading, Pennsylvania and adopted by Christine and Terry Maize, who lived in New Berlin, a small town in Central Pennsylvania. At the age of nine she started her first rap group, Thunder and Lightning. She recorded her own song on a cassette tape with her best friend and glued a picture of them to the cover. Maize graduated from Mifflinburg Area High School. In her teens she moved to Pittsburgh and in 2000 began rapping and singing on stage, but financial need led her to the workforce. At age 18, Maize began studying at the University of Pittsburgh as a drama major, and later switched her major to communications.
Maize worked at the Pittsburgh City Paper and began promoting events around the city. During her time there, she helped launch multiple programs supporting and promoting local musicians and spoken word artists, as well as a local fashion show. She was soon promoted to the position of events and promotions director. After experiencing her mother going through a near death bout with cancer and the sudden passing of her father, Maize again turned to music as a way to cope.
Career
Early career
In 2006 Maize founded Näkturnal, a Pittsburgh-based guerrilla marketing firm. The company has worked with many big name organizations, including the ONE Campaign, and EcoSMART and is involved in Pittsburgh nightlife. Maize remains the owner and CEO of the company, and uses the company to promote her own music.
Maize released her first rap album, Age of Feminine, independently in June 2007. The album features traditional hip hop beats. The 11-song album received positive reviews with over two million listens and over one hundred thousand downloads.
Her second album, Aligned Archetype, was released nationally in January 2010. The album features the sounds of dubstep, hip hop, and Baltimore club. The album received critical success online and became the featured album for FrostWire, where she became the Most Downloaded Artist on FrostWire Ever, with over 135,000 full albums downloads in one month.
Integration to present
Maize's third album, Integration, was released on November 11, 2011. The album received immediate attention as it was downloaded over one hundred thousand times within its first month of being released on FrostWire alone.
The success of this album helped her become the number-one most downloaded artist on Amazon.com.
In June 2011, Maize joined Eminem, Lil Wayne, OutKast, J. Cole, and others as one of the seven hip hop acts to perform at Bonnaroo in Tennessee.
She performed a 45-minute set list along with long-time collaborator DJ Huggy.
Maize then began work on her fourth studio album and released the single "Google Female Rapper", a freestyle over Twista's popular song, "Overnight Celebrity".
During an interview in 2012 with XXL, Maize said she would like to change hip hop by "rapping and singing about things that aren't found in mainstream hip hop like yoga, environmentalism, oneness, spirituality, beings from other dimensions, and indigenous wisdom."
Maize was featured in a 2012 Global Grind article about white female rappers.
Maize's fourth album, Owl Time, was released December 12, 2012.
Her fifth album, The 5th Element, was officially released on Valentine's Day 2014. The album had been available exclusively to the Jamendo community 10 days prior. By the 15th of February, The 5th Element had gathered over 90,000 plays and over 6,000 downloads on Jamendo alone. The main theme of The 5th Element has been cited as love. The album design features over 1,000 fans that sent pictures of themselves displaying love in whatever way they saw fit.
Her sixth album, The Remixes, was released in 2015 and released nine remixes of Maize's songs.
She launched her acting career in June 2017, appearing as the character Popp in the Adult Swim show Decker.
Personal life
Maize, who was adopted as a baby, reconnected with her biological family at the age of 22. Her biological father is actor Jimmy McNichol, who fathered her at age 18, and her biological aunt is former actress Kristy McNichol. Maize and McNichol unsuccessfully pitched a television special, which they hoped could tell their story of reconnecting. Through McNichol, Maize has two siblings. Her brother interned at her marketing company, Nakturnal. Maize is married to Joey Rahimi and has one son, Mateo.
, Maize lives in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Activism and spirituality
Maize is an activist on women's rights, environmentalism, and issues relating to poverty and racism. Her spiritual side is reflected in her music. She studies world and environmental issues, the power of intention, meditation, quantum physics, astrology, Tarot and indigenous wisdom. Maize feels her purpose in life is to make music that sends out good energy and that makes people think. In 2012, of her meditation practice, Maize said, "I learned Transcendental Meditation many years ago and found it to be life changing."
In 2013 Maize performed at Zeitgeist Media festivals in Los Angeles and New York City supporting The Zeitgeist Movement, the world's largest peaceful social movement that advocates the replacement of the current global system with a highly technical sustainable society called a resource-based economy. Maize also appeared in TZM founder Peter Joseph's short documentary Culture in Decline 6: Take of Two Worlds. In 2020 she appeared in Peter Joseph's movie InterReflections singing "Welcome to the Freak Show" song.
Maize has said that she "has issues with politics" but supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 Presidential Election. She released a single, "#MakeLoveNotTrump" online on October 19, 2016 in opposition to candidate Donald Trump.
Awards and nominations
In polls taken by the Pittsburgh City Paper, Maize was voted in the "Top 3 Best Hip Hop Performers" three years in a row (2008–2010). In 2010 she secured the number two spot behind Wiz Khalifa.
In 2010, Maize was nominated as "Best Female Artist at the Pittsburgh Hip Hop Awards".
Maize's single, "City of Champions", which was on her album, Aligned Archetype, competed against Wiz Khalifa's "Black and Yellow" as the Pittsburgh Steelers' favorite "Road to the Super Bowl" song.
In 2011, Maize was nominated as one of Pittsburgh Magazine's and PUMP's 40 Under 40. The award recognizes individuals that are committed to shaping Western Pennsylvania.
Discography
Discography:
Age of Feminine (2007)
Aligned Archetype (2010)
Integration (2011)
Owl Time (2012)
The 5th Element (2014)
The Remixes (2015)
"#MakeLoveNotTrump" - single (2016)
Crown (2017)
Filmography
References
External links
Jamendo profile
1980 births
American women rappers
Living people
Musicians from Pennsylvania
Rappers from Pennsylvania
Musicians from Pittsburgh
Rappers from Pittsburgh
East Coast hip hop musicians
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American women musicians
Ángel Lemus Silva (born 3 September 1971) is a Mexican former footballer who played as a forward. He was a member of the Mexico national team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Career
Lemus played club football for Club Necaxa and Querétaro F.C.
References
1971 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Club Necaxa footballers
Querétaro F.C. footballers
Irapuato F.C. footballers
San Luis F.C. players
Club Atlético Zacatepec players
Chapulineros de Oaxaca footballers
Altamira F.C. players
Liga MX players
Footballers from Mexico City
Mexican footballers
Stephanie Antoinette Franziska Stebich (born January 26, 1966 in Mülheim) is a German-born American art historian and curator. Stebich is currently the Margaret and Terry Stent Director of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Career
Born in Germany to Gehard and Ute, Stebich's family immigrated to Scarsdale, New York, when she was three years old. She graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1984. Stebich then continued on to receive degrees in art history: a Bachelor of Arts from Columbia University in 1988 and a Master of Arts from New York University Institute of Fine Arts.
Stebich began her career in museum directorship in Assistant Director positions: the Brooklyn Museum from 1992 to 1995, the Cleveland Museum of Art from 1995 to 2001, and the Minneapolis Institute of Art from 2001 to 2004. In the following year, she became Executive Director of the Tacoma Art Museum. In 2017, Stebich was named the Margaret and Terry Stent Director of the Smithsonian American Art Museum, succeeding Elizabeth Broun. A year later, Stebich was selected as co-chair of the museum's American Women's History Initiative, along with Provost John Davis.
Personal life
On August 14, 2016, Stebich married fellow art historian and museum director Anne-Imelda Radice.
See also
List of Columbia College people
List of female art museum directors
List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people: Sj–Sz
List of New York University alumni
List of Phillips Exeter Academy people
List of people from Scarsdale, New York
References
External links
Smithsonian profile
1966 births
Living people
People from Mülheim
People from Scarsdale, New York
German emigrants to the United States
21st-century American women
American art historians
Women art historians
Women museum directors
LGBT people from the United States
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
Columbia College (New York) alumni
New York University Institute of Fine Arts alumni
Brooklyn Museum
Smithsonian Institution people
Łukasz Paulewicz (born 3 April 1983) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Paulewicz started playing football with the youth sides of MOSiR Pruszcz Gdański before joining Lechia Gdańsk, who had just left the Lechia-Polonia Gdańsk merger and were having to restart from the sixth tier. Paulewicz made his Lechia debut on 18 August 2001 against Delta Miłoradz, and made 19 appearances in the league going on to score 14 goals in the process, helping Lechia to win promotion to the V liga. He started his career as a forward before later transitioning into a midfield player for the majority of his career.
After his first season with Lechia, his career was notable for having a series of short spells with clubs, often only staying for six months with a club at a time. After his time with Lechia he joined II liga side Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, but failed to make an appearance during his six-month spell. His next move was with Hetman Zamość, also in the II liga, but at the lower end of the table, giving Paulewicz the chance to get playing time in the league for the club. Hetman were relegated at the end of the season, with Paulewicz remaining with the club for the first six months of the next campaign in the III liga. During the mid-season break he joined Siarka Tarnobrzeg, leaving at the end of the season moving to Drwęca Nowe Miasto Lubawskie. In 2005 Paulewicz was given the chance to play in Poland's top division, joining Lech Poznań. While the move to Lech was not a success, he made his I liga debut on 12 June 2005 in a 2–0 away win against Polonia Warsaw. It was Polonia Warsaw whom he joined next, adding a further 3 top flight appearances to his record, meaning he played in a total of 4 I liga appearances during his career.
He joined Cartusia Kartuzy for six months leaving at the end of the season. Paulewicz found himself without a club for the following season, and returned to playing football in 2007 with Kotwica Kołobrzeg. With Kotwica he won promotion in his first season, making a further 3 II liga appearances the following season. After his spell with Kotwica Paulewicz joined Czarni Pruszcz Gdański in what would be the longest spell of his career with one club, spending four and a half seasons with Czarni. In 2014 he joined GTS Pszczółki, retiring from football at the end of the season.
References
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Polish footballers
Lechia Gdańsk players
Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki players
Hetman Zamość players
Siarka Tarnobrzeg players
Lech Poznań players
Polonia Warsaw players
Cartusia Kartuzy players
Kotwica Kołobrzeg footballers
Association football midfielders
The 2000 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the sixth edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Brazil from 31 October to 5 November 2000. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 2001 World Women's Handball Championship.
Standings
Results
All times are local (UTC−3).
Games of Greenland
Final ranking
References
External links
Results on todor66.com
2000 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
Pan
2000 in Brazilian women's sport
October 2000 sports events in South America
November 2000 sports events in South America
Dmitriy Martynov (born November 21, 1991) is a Russian actor. His breakthrough came in Night Watch, where he starred as Yegor.
Filmography
Films
Night Watch (2004) as Yegor (credited as Dmitri Martynov)
Day Watch (2006) as Yegor (credited as Dima Martynov)
Television
The Talisman of Love (2005)
External links
Russian male child actors
Russian male film actors
1991 births
Living people
The K-Town Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the North Lawndale community area in Chicago, Illinois. A mainly residential area, its borders are West Cullerton Street to the north, South Pulaski Road to the east, West Cermak Road to the south, and South Kostner Avenue to the west.
History
The larger K-Town area received its name in 1889 when the City of Chicago created an alphabetical naming scheme to assist in mapping a significant amount of newly annexed territory. The streets with names starting with K were eleven miles from the state line between Illinois and Indiana. The larger K-Town area was originally settled by Czech immigrants to the United States at the beginning of the twentieth century. During the Great Migration the North Lawndale area, and subsequently K-Town, became predominantly African American.
The area was added to the NRHP in 2010.
Transportation
The Pulaski and Kostner stations on Chicago Transit Authority's Pink Line are located in the K-Town Historic District.
References
African-American history in Chicago
Czech-American culture in Chicago
North Lawndale, Chicago
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Historic districts in Chicago
Frankelda's Book of Spooks (Spanish: Los Sustos Ocultos de Frankelda) is a Mexican stop motion animated television series created by brothers Arturo and Roy Ambriz Rendón and produced by the animation studio Cinema Fantasma for Cartoon Network Latin America and HBO Max.
Premise
Frankelda, a mysterious ghostwriter, tells tales of terror with the assistance of her grumpy enchanted book Herneval, primarily focused on children encountering supernatural entities such as gnomes, witches, sirens and the Coco collectively known as "Scares", that rely on human fear to survive. Trapped in the consciousness of a sentient haunted house for 150 years, telling stories allows the two an opportunity to gradually regain their strength and make an escape plan, though with the obstacle of the house itself waking up.
Characters
Frankelda (voiced by Mireya Mendoza), is the show's narrator. She is the energetic ghost of Francisca Imelda, an aspiring horror writer from 1870s Mexico. Growing up with a fondness for reading and writing scary stories, her passions were discouraged by her family and her manuscripts were rejected by sexist publishers, resulting in her taking on her pen name. She takes an offer from Herneval to become his new Royal Nightmare Writer, allowing her stories to find an audience in people's dreams, though her consciousness has to be separated from her body to make the trip to the realm of the Scares. However, with the journey turning into a one-way trip and the nature of dreams leaving her anonymous, she has become a literal ghostwriter.
Herneval (voiced by Arturo Mercado Jr.) is Frankelda's cautious and grumpy enchanted book. Prior to taking on his current state, he was an owl-like creature that was the Prince of the Scare Kingdom. Admiring her work since the two were children, he makes a romantic offer for her to become the Scares' new nightmare writer. Herneval can make people sleep by touching them and can induce astral projection in humans.
Procustes (voiced by Luis Leonardo Suarez) is a giant spider monster that was the previous Royal Nightmare Writer of the Scares. When his stories had become tired, cliche and less effective for creating the nightmares the kingdom needed, Herneval sought to replace him with Frankelda. In revenge he made sure Frankelda's consciousness would not leave the Scare realm, and through unknown circumstances, he has transformed into a living haunted house that has trapped Frankelda and Herneval within the walls of his mind.
Production
Frankelda's Book of Spooks was initially pitched as a small web series with a four minute pilot episode being released in 2019 on the Cartoon Network YouTube channel, inspired by Tales from the Crypt and The Storyteller. When the series was backed by HBO Max as part of their larger initiative to develop 100 projects in Latin America, the Ambriz brothers expanded the scope of the project into something more dramatic with musical numbers. 122 puppets and 42 sets were created for the series.
While the series has yet to be released outside Latin America and a second season has yet to be greenlit, the series is being positioned as a "calling card" for Cinema Fantasma, with the Ambriz brothers describing Frankelda's extended backstory as offering enough depth as a hook for potential later seasons or a movie. A spinoff exploring the backstory of Herneval was announced at the Pixelatl 2022 festival, titled "Frankelda y el Príncipe de los Sustos".
Episodes
References
External links
2020s animated television series
2020s Mexican television series
Stop-motion animated television series
Mexican children's animated horror television series
HBO Max original programming
Old Myndus is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
Myndus is at the head of Davis Creek on US Route 29.
It is predominantly a small farming community at the confluence of Route 29 and VA Route 623, 4 miles north of Lovingston. There was once a two-lane Highway between the post office and general store.
Now most things are closed. The old sawmill is currently used for hay storage and the old peach packing shed is now a workshop. All the farmland is currently in hay.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Moles de Xert (, ) is a long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Country, Spain. Its highest point is Mola Gran (806 m). The other main summits are Mola Murada, a breast-shaped hill, Moleta Redona and Mola Llarga. These mountains have very original shapes, topped by regular rocky outcrops resembling castles or fortifications. They are frequently covered in snow in the winter.
The main mountain, Mola Gran, has been disfigured on the southern side by a stone quarry that left a very visible scarred surface with a large rock slide.
There are remains of an ancient Iberian Ilercavones settlement in the Mola Murada.
Wildlife, like Spanish Ibex, Roe Deer and Wild Boar, is abundant in these lonely mountains.
Location
This mountain chain rises above the town of Xert and right to the NE of Serra de l'Espadella, east of the Maestrat mountains of which they could be considered foothills.
The abandoned villages of La Barcella and Fontanals are located in these mountains.
See also
Maestrat/Maestrazgo
Mountains of the Valencian Community
References
External links
El País Valencià poble a poble; comarca a comarca - El Baix Maestrat
Les Moles de Xert
Mountain ranges of the Sistema Ibérico
Mountain ranges of the Valencian Community
Baix Maestrat
The 1993 Pacific Lutheran Lutes football team was an American football team that represented Pacific Lutheran University in the Columbia Football Association (CFA) during the 1993 NAIA Division II football season. In their 22nd season under head coach Frosty Westering, the Lutes compiled a 12–0–1 record and won the NAIA Division II national championship. The team participated in the NAIA Division II playoffs where they defeated (61–7) in the first round, (35–17) in the quarterfinal, (52–14) in the semifinal, and (50–20) in the national championship game.
The team played its five home games at Sparks Stadium in Puyallup, Washington, and also played three of its games (including two playoff games) at Tacoma, Washington, located 10 miles to the northwest of Puyallup.
Coach Westering won four national championships at Pacific Lutheran (1980, 1987, 1993, and 1999) and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2005.
Schedule
References
Pacific Lutheran
Pacific Lutheran Lutes football seasons
NAIA Football National Champions
College football undefeated seasons
Pacific Lutheran Lutes football
Jackass Presents: Mat Hoffman's Tribute to Evel Knievel is a 2008 direct-to-DVD comedy film and the first Jackass Presents film in the Jackass franchise. It was released on May 27, 2008. The film is a tribute to the stuntman Evel Knievel, who died on November 30, 2007, one year before the film's release. Jackass Presents: Mat Hoffman's Tribute to Evel Knievel was succeeded by Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa.
References
External links
2008 comedy films
2008 films
2008 direct-to-video films
Films based on television series
MTV Films films
Jackass (film series)
Jackass (TV series)
American comedy films
Dickhouse Productions films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Shahr-e Kohneh () is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 35 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Colin Wilson (born 19 May 1993) is a Scottish footballer, who played as a defender for Raith Rovers and Montrose.
Career
Wilson progressed through the youth sides before earning a full-time contract with Raith Rovers in June 2010. He featured in pre-season friendly matches in advance of the 2011–12 season, such as the 0–0 draw against English side Southend United.
Wilson made his senior debut on 12 November 2011 as a substitute for Dougie Hill in a 1–0 defeat against Ayr United in a Scottish First Division fixture.
In March 2012 he joined junior side Musselburgh Athletic on loan until the end of the season.
Career statistics
.
a. Includes other competitive competitions, including the Scottish Challenge Cup & East of Scotland Cup.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Musselburgh Athletic F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Prionoderita is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is known from Bolivia, and contains only one species, Prionoderita nixa. The genus is named for its resemblance to Prionodera; the Spanish diminutive suffix -ita refers to the small size of P. nixa, which has a length of 6.5 mm.
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of South America
Invertebrates of Bolivia
Monotypic beetle genera
Events in the year 1910 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The so-called "Ruse blood wedding" occurred.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Staufenberg is the southernmost municipality of the district of Göttingen, and of Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated east of the river Fulda, approx. 6 km south of Hannoversch Münden, and 12 km northeast of Kassel. Its seat is in the village Landwehrhagen.
Points of interest
Arboretum Habichtsborn
References
Göttingen (district)
Archibald Loudon Snowden (August 11, 1835 – September 7, 1912) was an American politician and diplomat during the late 19th century.
Early life
Snowden was born in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania on August 11, 1835. He was a son of Margery Bines (née Louden) and Isaac Wayne Snowden. His siblings included Nathaniel Randolph Snowden, John Ross Snowden, Sarah Gustine Snowden Stewart, and Maude Loudon Snowden. Their uncle, James Ross Snowden, was a director of the United States Mint. His father was a surgeon in the U.S. Army and served in the First Seminole War under General Jackson and was wounded at Fort Scott.
Snowden graduated from Jefferson College in 1856.
Career
Following his graduation in 1856, he was made register of the United States Mint 7 May 1857. Politically, Snowden was a Democrat until 1860 when he switched to the Republican party believing that the Democrats' policies were detrimental to the manufacturing interests of the country.
After the American Civil War broke out in 1861, Snowden assisted in raising a regiment of Pennsylvania volunteer infantry and was commissioned Lieutenant colonel. He was subsequently elected captain of the First City Troop of Philadelphia.
He was elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1873.
Post-war career
Snowden became chief coiner at the Philadelphia Mint on 1 October 1866, and from 1877 to 1879, he served as postmaster of Philadelphia, Snowden served as the superintendent of the Philadelphia Mint from 1879 to 1885. appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant. In 1878, he twice declined to serve as director of United States Mint, offered by President Hayes. In 1879, he became the Chief Executor in the Philadelphia Mint and served in that role until Grover Cleveland's election in 1885. In 1887, he served as the Marshal of the Centennial celebration of the United States Constitution, which was held in Philadelphia.
He made improvements and inventions relating to coining machinery, and wrote articles on subjects relating to coinage, the great seal of the United States, and other subjects. He was identified with railroads, insurance companies, and other business interests.
Diplomatic career
In 1889, Snowden succeeded Walker Fearn and served simultaneously as the United States Minister to Greece, Romania, and Serbia from 1889 to 1892. From 1892 to 1893, he served as the United States Minister to Spain, succeeding Edward Burd Grubb, Jr.
Later career
Snowden was the president of the Fairmount Park Commission. In 1903, he was accused, along with Charles A. Porter, former State Senator, C. Kennedy Crossan, a contractor and Ludwig S. Filbert, of making illegal profits through the Danville Bessemer Company.
Family
On February 16, 1864, Snowden was married to Elizabeth Robinson Smith (1841–1910). Together, they were the parents of:
Caroline Smith Snowden (1865–1960), who married Stuyvesant Wainwright (1863–1930) in 1889. They divorced and she married Dr. Carl F. Wolff (1864–1934).
Mary Buchanan Snowden (b. 1866), who married Frank Samuel in 1887.
Charles Randolph Snowden (1871–1913), who married Berthe de Pourtales Churchman (1878–1958) in 1899.
Archibald Loudon Snowden (1878–1878), who died young.
Snowden died on September 7, 1912 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania after battling a nine-month illness. He is interred at Laurel Hill Cemetery in the Bridge section, Plots 9 & 10.
Descendants
He was the grandfather of Stuyvesant Wainwright (1891–1975), Snowden Wainwright (b. 1893), Loudon Snowden Wainwright (1898–1942), and Carroll Livingston Wainwright (1899–1967), and great-grandfather of Stuyvesant Wainwright II (1921–2010) and Loudon Wainwright, Jr. (1924–1988).
References
1835 births
1912 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Greece
Ambassadors of the United States to Romania
Ambassadors of the United States to Serbia
Ambassadors of the United States to Spain
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (Philadelphia)
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
19th-century American diplomats
Pennsylvania Republicans
People from Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
Beautiful Minds is a British documentary television programme, produced by BBC and broadcast on BBC Four. The first series aired in April 2010, and the second series in April 2012. Each series consists of three episodes.
Overview
The programme features significant British scientists who describe their big moment or discovery.
Episodes
Series 1 (2010)
Series 2 (2012)
References
External links
2010s British documentary television series
2010 British television series debuts
2012 British television series endings
BBC television documentaries
Documentary television shows about evolution
Matthew Marsh (born 1 August 1982) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2004 to 2010. He held the British super bantamweight title in 2008 and challenged once for the vacant Commonwealth super bantamweight title in 2010. As an amateur, he won two ABA championships, one at flyweight in 2001 and the other at bantamweight in 2004.
Professional career
Early career
Marsh begun his professional career in September 2004 with a win over Freddy James at the York Hall in Bethnal Green. By December 2006 he had compiled a winning ledger of 6–0 with wins over the likes of Welshman Dai Davies and French journeyman Frederic Gosset, and had earned a crack at the Southern Area featherweight championship. He challenged reigning champion Rocky Dean at the Excel Arena in the London Docklands and won a 10-round decision. The two fighters met again in July 2007 this time for the super bantamweight version of the same belt. Going into the second match up Dean was confident saying "I am faster and fitter, and I am twice the fighter I was when I last met Marsh...Last time we met, I gave him the first four rounds. That will not happen again". It was not to be however and Marsh won another 10-round decision which meant that he now held the southern area title at two different weights.
Defeat to Mathews
Following the back to back wins over Rocky Dean, Marsh once again stepped up to featherweight to box the current holder of the WBU title Derry Mathews. Mathews was himself a former ABA bantamweight champion, winning the title in 2002 two years before Marsh would pick up the same crown. The fight in October 2007 ended with a first defeat for Marsh with the step up in class proving a bit too much when the fight was stopped in the 11th round. It was the first time Marsh had been taken beyond 10 rounds and observers noted that the fatigue was beginning to show as he struggled into the later stages.
British champion
Marsh responded to his first career defeat in style, knocking out Tanzanian fighter Ajibu Salum in the first round of his next bout. The knockout was significant in that it was the first time in his fledgling career that Marsh has stopped an opponent. In June 2008 Marsh met the current British super bantamweight champion Esham Pickering and won a unanimous points decision over 12 rounds. Pickering, a former European champion at the weight, was confident going into the bout saying "I just think I will blow him away, I can beat him in every department." Marsh however was dominant from the first bell landing the most punches and being generally busier. Marsh made the first defence of his new title against the man he had already beaten twice, Rocky Dean, at the York Hall on 21 November 2008. The fight ended with a majority decision for the champion handing Marsh his third win over Dean. Marsh had been due to defend his title for the second time on 17 April 2009 against English champion Mark Moran however he struggled to make the super bantamweight weight limit and was forced to vacate the title. Jason Booth, the reigning Commonwealth bantamweight champion stepped in and defeated Moran with a win in the sixth round.
Route back to contention
Following a break from boxing Marsh returned to action on 18 September 2009 to fight Josh Wale for the vacant English super bantamweight crown. Despite winning the fight Marsh was unable to claim the belt as he once again failed to make the weight limit after weighing in six ounces over. On 18 December 2009 Marsh beat Marc Callaghan over six rounds at the York Hall and on 5 February 2010 challenged Jason Booth for the British and Commonwealth titles. The fight, at the Harvey Hadden Leisure Centre in Nottingham, resulted in a second career defeat for Marsh as he failed to reclaim his old title. Booth was able to claim the Lonsdale belt outright after the fight when a cut above Marsh's right eye forced the fight to be stopped in the 11th round.
References
English male boxers
Bantamweight boxers
1982 births
Living people
Bill Cassidy (born 1957) is a U.S. Senator from Louisiana since 2015. Senator Cassidy may also refer to:
George Williams Cassidy (1836–1892), Nevada State Senate
Owen Cassidy (c.1862–1911), New York State Senate
Samuel H. Cassidy (born 1950), Colorado State Senate
Vinton Cassidy (fl. 1970s–1990s), Maine State Senate
Test of Submission is an album by the band Dysrhythmia. It is their first album with Profound Lore Records.
Track listing
"In Secrecy" - 5:11
"Test of Submission" - 4:54
"The Line Always Snaps" - 6:06
"Running Towards the End" - 5:41
"In the Spirit of Catastrophe" - 7:02
"The Madness of Three" - 4:34
"Like Chameleons" - 4:03
"In Consequence" - 7:45
Personnel
Kevin Hufnagel – guitar
Colin Marston – bass
Jeff Eber – drums
References
Dysrhythmia (band) albums
District 43 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Tawna Sanchez of Portland.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
The Plantagenets: The Kings and Queens Who Made England is a history book written by Dan Jones. It was published in 2012 in the United Kingdom and a year later in the United States, where it was listed on the New York Times bestseller list. The book, which covers the history of the Plantagenet dynasty from Henry II to Richard II, received mostly positive reviews from critics.
Content
The Plantagenets: The Kings and Queens Who Made England is divided into seven sections, termed by Jones as "ages". These sections successively deal with periods in the history of the Plantagenet dynasty's rule over England.
Reception
The Plantagenets: The Kings and Queens Who Made England was positively received. HistoryNet, in their review of the book, described it as "lively and entertaining" and "a must for those interested in medieval history". Becca Selby, writing in The Manchester Historian, gave a positive review, praising the book's writing style, which she likened to that of a work of historical fiction. David Horspool of The Daily Telegraph gave it five stars out of five, calling it "a great story" and described Jones' writing as inspiring the feel of an "impressively confident guide". Christina Hardyment, in a review in The Independent, gave the book a more measured review, praising the work's characterisation and insight, but finding that its presentation of cycles of prosperity and hardship was confusing, and that it lacked "a proper presentation of the profoundly religious medieval mindset", which made understanding the mindset of the featured kings harder. Ben Wilson, writing in the New Statesman, praised the book, declaring that it described the period "with verve", and that Jones' insights into the nature of medieval rule were good.
References
2012 non-fiction books
English non-fiction books
HarperCollins books
History books about the Middle Ages
Caroline Kole (born Caroline Kudelko; July 2, 1997) is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist who began performing under the stage name Suite Caroline.
Career
Kole records under the Starstruck Records label and has a publishing contract with Sony/ATV. Beginning in 2013, she was on a two-year international tour with Reba McEntire, opening shows for the performer. She was also one of the singers featured on Reba McEntire's release "Pray for Peace".
In 2013, Starstruck Records released a five-track EP of Kole's, including the single "Money to Me". That release reached the number one spot on the Country Music Television (CMT) Pure Countdown. The video from her second release, "If He'd Ever Look Up", was number one for several weeks on CMT Pure, and CMT also named her a "Listen Up" Artist. Both songs have also been featured on SiriusXM satellite radio.
Kole has an endorsement arrangement with Martin Guitars. She was 12 years old when she was first promoted by the company at the National Association of Music Merchants (NAMM) convention. At age 14, she began playing at the County Music Association (CMA) Festival.
In addition to McEntire, Kole has performed on stage with Charlie Daniels, Pat Benatar, and Sheryl Crow. She has opened shows for artists such as Blake Shelton, Alan Jackson, Eric Church and Martina McBride.
"Winter", a song Kole wrote about the dolphin featured in the Warner Brothers movies Dolphin Tale and Dolphin Tale 2, appears on the soundtrack of the documentary Winter, the Dolphin that Can.
In May 2018, via Starstruck Records, Caroline Kole made her transition from country to pop with a self-titled EP release featuring the singles "Right Now", "Adamantine", and "Ghost". Kole has solidified her move to pop music with her latest July 2018 release of "What If". Her latest song released in 2019 is a single titled "Freaking Out!" This was released shortly after the two singles; "Missing Each Other" and "Easy."
References
Living people
1997 births
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Green Lantern: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the film of the same name, and it was released in stores on June 14, 2011. The soundtrack was composed by James Newton Howard, who also worked on the other Warner Bros/DC Comics based films Batman Begins and The Dark Knight with Hans Zimmer. The soundtrack was published by WaterTower Music.
Track listing
Instrumentation
Strings: 43 violins, 24 violas, 19 violoncellos, 14 double basses
Woodwinds: 2 flutes, 3 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons
Brass: 11 French horns, 5 trumpets, 10 trombones, 2 tubas
Percussion: 5 players
2 harps, 2 guitars, 1 piano
Performed by The Hollywood Studio Symphony. Conducted by Pete Anthony. Choir: The London Voices.
References
External links
Soundtracks for Green Lantern at the Internet Movie Database
2011 soundtrack albums
Superhero film soundtracks
Green Lantern in other media
DC Comics film soundtracks
WaterTower Music soundtracks
Ana María Schultz (born October 9, 1935) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. She claimed a total number of five medals at the 1951 Pan American Games, and trained in Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro.
References
1935 births
Living people
Argentine female swimmers
Argentine female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Argentina
Swimmers at the 1951 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1955 Pan American Games
Argentine people of German descent
Pan American Games gold medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1955 Pan American Games
The black-winged oriole (Oriolus nigripennis) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae.
It is found in Africa from Sierra Leone and Liberia to southern South Sudan, western Uganda, central Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Angola.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Some authorities have considered the mountain oriole to be a subspecies of the black-winged oriole.
References
black-winged oriole
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
black-winged oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Advanced Institute for Research on Religion and Culture (ARRC) is a federated faculty established in 2016, which comprises four institutions, namely,
Andhra Christian Theological College,
Calvin Institute of Theology,
Henry Martyn Institute and,
Mennonite Brethren Centenary Bible College
- all based in the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad offering post graduate level Master of Theology courses with specializations in Sacred scripture and Religion.
The ARRC is affiliated to the nation's first University, the Senate of Serampore College (University) {a University under Section 2 (f) of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956}with degree-granting authority validated by a Danish charter and ratified by the Government of West Bengal.
History
Theological colleges
The first theological colleges established in Hyderabad and Secunderabad is the Mennonite Brethren Centenary Bible College founded in 1920 in Shamshabad locality. The rest of the seminaries were founded elsewhere and relocated later to the twin cities. St. John's Regional Seminary was founded in 1926 and relocated in 1965. Though the Andhra Christian Theological College was founded in 1964 in Rajahmundry, it moved to Secunderabad only in 1973. The Calvin Institute of Theology is a recent addition which was established in 2009 and relocated later. As for the Henry Martyn Institute, it was only an institution offering post graduate diploma courses under its seal, which also relocated to Hyderabad in 1972.
Scholars
Of these theological colleges, the St. John's Regional Seminary and the Andhra Christian Theological College had faculty with the highest academic qualifications having been educated at famed portals of learning in Europe, North America, Africa and the Indian subcontinent in Universities of Edinburgh, Cambridge, Hamburg, Cape Town, Chicago, Serampore, Papal Seminary, Wisconsin, Lancaster, McCormick, Syracuse, Eastern, Hartford, Duke, Union, PIB Rome, Gregorian, Urban and other distinguished schools of theological education.
Efforts to initiate postgraduate level courses
However, though the faculty were qualified enough, the institutions where they taught were eligible to only offer graduate level courses. Efforts were made by successive faculty of the Andhra Christian Theological College beginning during the tenure of the New Testament Scholar, The Rev. S. Joseph coinciding with the Silver Jubilee Celebrations of the College in 1989 to start postgraduate level courses. After nearly a decade and half, efforts were renewed by the Old Testament Scholar Trio, beginning with The Rev. N. V. Luther Paul, D. Th. (Serampore) (2006-2010) followed by The Rev. Ch. Vasantha Rao, Dr. Theol. (Hamburg) (2010-2014) and The Rev. T. Matthews Emmanuel, D. Th. (Serampore) (2014-2017).
Creation of special purpose entity
Meanwhile, with the addition of Calvin Institute of Theology that was established in 2009, efforts fructified, but this time in confederation with other institutions, the postgraduate courses were finally initiated with the creation of the Special-purpose entity consisting of Andhra Christian Theological College, the Henry Martyn Institute, and the Calvin Institute of Theology during the tenures of The Rev. T. Matthews Emmanuel, D. Th. (Serampore), The Rev. Packiam T. Samuel, Ph. D., (Oxford Brookes) and The Rev. Gopalswamy Jacob, Ph. D., (Apeldoorn) respectively, together forming the Advanced Institute for Research on Religion and Culture (ARRC) in 2016 for which the Senate of Serampore College (University) granted affiliation beginning with the academic year 2016.
Academics
As per the affiliation norms of the Senate of Serampore College (University), the federated faculty is authorized to offer courses in Master of Theology in three disciplines, namely, the Old Testament, the New Testament and Religions (Hinduism and Islam).
Faculty
The faculty in the three specializations offered by the ARRC include,
References
Christian seminaries and theological colleges in India
Universities and colleges in Hyderabad, India
Educational institutions established in 2016
Reformed church seminaries and theological colleges
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Church of South India
2016 establishments in Telangana
Seminaries and theological colleges affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College (University)
The Federation of Master Builders (FMB) is a UK trade association established in 1941 to protect the interests of small and medium-sized building firms.
The group is independent and non-profit-making, and works to lobby for members' interests at both national and local levels. As of 2016, the FMB is the largest construction trade association in the UK, representing over 8,000 construction SMEs.
The FMB aims to provide knowledge, professional advice and support for its members. It works in partnership with other industry bodies to provide technical advice and promote high standards. The FMB also offers advice to consumers and enables all of its members to offer warranties on their work through its insurance arm, FMB Insurance.
See also
National Federation of Builders
Civil Engineering Contractors Association
Scottish Building Federation
References
External links
Construction trade groups based in the United Kingdom
Housing in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Camden
Organizations established in 1941
1941 establishments in the United Kingdom
Half-sword, in 14th- to 16th-century fencing with longswords, refers to the technique of gripping the central part of the sword blade with the left hand in order to execute more forceful thrusts against armoured and unarmoured opponents. The term is a translation of the original German Halbschwert. The technique was also referred to as mit dem kurzen Schwert, "with the shortened sword" in German.
Half-sword is used for leverage advantage when wrestling with the sword, as well as for delivering a more accurate and powerful thrust. Both of these are critical when fighting in plate armour because a slice or a cleaving blow from a sword is virtually useless against iron or steel plate. Most medieval treatises show armoured combat as consisting primarily of fighting at the half-sword; the best options against an armoured man being a strong thrust into less-protected areas such as the armpits or throat or, even better, the same against a man who has already been cast to the ground.
Some weapons may have been modified specifically for this purpose, sporting what is called a ricasso. Some longswords had a short ricasso, usually too close to the cross and hilt of the blade for practical use in half-swording except as a point of extra leverage in a thrust. The ricasso on larger swords, such as the two-handed sword, provided a longer area more fitting for gripping during half-swording. Filippo Vadi suggests that a sword be sharp only at the tip. It has been suggested that some swords were left unsharpened in a part of the sword a hand's breadth wide about halfway down the blade in order to facilitate this technique.
In Italian and English, "half sword" refers to a crossing of the sword in the middle of the blade, and by extension the relatively close range at which this takes place.
References
Swordsmanship
Mohamed Al-Qasem (born 1 January 1970) is a Jordanian sport shooter. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Jordanian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Jordan
Kittum, also known as Niĝgina, was a Mesopotamian goddess who was regarded as the embodiment of truth. She belonged to the circle of the sun god Utu and was associated with law and justice.
Character
Kittum's name means "truth" in Akkadian and she regarded as a divine hypostasis of this concept. Kittum's Sumerian counterpart, Niĝgina, is not attested before the Old Babylonian period, and it is possible that the Akkadian name was older, which would make Niĝgina an artificial translation. A possible forerunner to the idea of a goddess embodying truth are proverbs or dialogues copied in scribal schools in which truth was personified. Names with the element niĝgina are already attested in sources from the Ur III period, one example being Niĝginaidug ("truth is good"), but there is no indication that they were necessarily theophoric, and the word is written without the dingir sign which preceded divine names. Kittum could alternatively be equated with another of Utu's courtiers, Nigzida, but the meaning of the latter name was not identical, and terms like "fidelity" or "righteousness" are considered more accurate translations.
Kittum was one of the deities associated with law and justice. She could be invoked in legal texts as a divine witness.
Associations with other deities
There are differences regarding the position of Kittum in Utu's court in known copies of An = Anum. She usually appears as the first of his daughters, but some copies instead refer to her as his sukkal (divine vizier), and one lists Kittum and Niĝgina as two separate deities, with the former referred to as a son and the later as a daughter of Utu. Jacob Klein argues that Kittum was regarded as the sun god's "primary" daughter. One text refers to her as the "beloved daughter of Utu" (dumu kiag dUtu). The deities Mamu and Sisig were regarded as her siblings.
Iqbi-damiq functioned as Kittum's sukkal. Instances of a sukkal having a sukkal of their own, while known, should be regarded as an anomaly according to Richard L. Litke. Iqbi-damiq's name means "she said 'it is fine!'" Wilfred G. Lambert's earlier translation, "he spoke, it is pleasant," presumed Iqbi-damiq was male. However, a text referring to her as a "daughter" is now known. She is also attested in the god list An = Anum and in Šurpu. An illness called "hand of Iqbi-damiq" is mentioned in one medical text alongside "hand of Nanaya" and "hand of Kanisurra."
Worship
Sources from the Old Babylonian period attest the existence of two temples of Kittum, one in Bad-tibira and another in Raḫabu, a settlement located near Larsa. Their ceremonial names are presently unknown, and available documents simply refer to both as É dKi-it-tim.
In offering lists from Sippar, Kittum commonly appears alongside Misharu, a deity from the circle of Adad who was also associated with justice. In the Neo-Babylonian period both of them were additionally grouped with Ūmu and Dajjānu. It is possible that she was among the deities worshiped in Ebabbar, the temple of Shamash located in this city. Outside Sippar, the pair Kittum and Misharu is also attested in the Takultu ritual from Assur. References to this pair as the "attendants of Ekur" (mazzāz Ekur) are also known from Neo-Assyrian sources.
Theophoric names invoking Kittum are known from Larsa and Ur, two examples being Kittum-lizziz and Apil-Kittum. She is also attested in women's theophoric names from Old Babylonian Mari. She is one of the seven goddesses appearing in names with the element -šimhī, the other six being Annu, Admu, Ishtar, Ishara, Aya and Tabubu. The name Kittum-šimhī can be translated as "Kittum is my joy." She is also one of the Mesopotamian deities who appear in Akkadian theophoric names from Susa from the same period.
References
Bibliography
Mesopotamian goddesses
Justice goddesses
Truth
Cuijk en Sint Agatha is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It covered the villages of Cuijk and Sint Agatha.
On September 4, 1315, a document mentioned a kapel van Sint Agatha onder Kuycbrockele. The Crosier Monastery was founded around 1371. Sint Agatha functioned as an independent village, until it was added to the municipality of Cuijk in 1810, after which the municipality was called Cuijk en Sint Agatha. Cuijk en Sint Agatha merged in 1994 with Beers and Haps, to form the new municipality "Cuijk". Since 2022 Cuijk has been part of the new municipality of Land van Cuijk.
The Monastery of Saint Agatha was founded around 1371. Many missionaries were trained in this monastery, which is the oldest inhabited monastery in the Netherlands.
In June 2006, after a renovation of the monastery, some rooms were taken into use by the Erfgoedcentrum Nederlands Kloosterleven (EDK) (Heritage Centre for Dutch Monastic Life), which houses the heritage collections of many monastic communities. The Centre chiefly houses monastic archive documents, but also preserves and provides access to related books and artefacts. The Order of the Holy Cross themselves also house their heritage collections in Saint Agatha.
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1994
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Geography of Land van Cuijk
Frisky & Mannish is a British musical comedy double act, created and performed by singer Laura Corcoran and pianist-singer Matthew Floyd Jones. Known for their pop music parodies, the duo have toured the fringe festival and comedy festival circuits in the United Kingdom and Australia, and appeared on a number of British television and radio programmes. The act's name derives from two incidental characters mentioned in one couplet of Byron's Don Juan: "Lady Fitz-Frisky, and Miss Maevia Mannish, / Both longed extremely to be sung in Spanish" (Canto XI, LIII.)
Background
Jones was born in south-west London and brought up in Surrey, whilst Corcoran hails from Greater Manchester. They first met as undergraduates at Oxford University and began a partnership writing comic songs for the student sketch troupe The Oxford Revue. After graduating, they moved into a shared flat in London.
On 5 March 2008, at a music hall-themed fundraiser on a barge in Battersea, Corcoran and Jones decided to "mess around with a few songs," and performed pastiches of "Papa Don't Preach" (as an operatic aria), "Eye of the Tiger" (in a bluegrass style), "I'd Do Anything for Love" (sung by a young child), and "Come On Eileen" (as a heartfelt ballad.) Their performance led to a "firm booking for an hour-long show," after which the pair developed a fuller concept and "reverse-engineered some sort of coherent act into existence."
Career
Stage
Corcoran and Jones have written and produced eight Frisky & Mannish shows to date, all of which have toured internationally, and a Christmas-themed show that has been performed at the West End's Lyric Theatre and Edinburgh's Hogmanay. They have played many London venues, including Shepherd's Bush Empire, Noel Coward Theatre, Soho Theatre, Southbank Centre, The Forum, Bloomsbury Theatre, and KOKO. In Australia, they have presented shows at Sydney Opera House and Sydney Cabaret Festival, Adelaide Cabaret Festival and Adelaide Fringe, Melbourne International Comedy Festival, and Fringe World in Perth. They have also toured to Wellington and Auckland, Dublin, Berlin, Singapore, Hong Kong, and New York City's The Slipper Room.
Their first full-length show, School of Pop (2009), a series of "educational" lessons developed during their monthly residency at Leicester Square Theatre, was described as "the undisputed hit of the Edinburgh Fringe," garnering thirteen five-star reviews from publications such as Chortle, Edinburgh Evening News, The Herald and Time Out. Their send-up of Noël Coward and Lily Allen was particularly praised. Kate Nash, whose song "Foundations" they combined with Kate Bush's "Wuthering Heights", attended one of their performances. A sequel entitled The College Years (2010), based around a central thesis of "collision theory," premièred at Latitude Festival, and placed second (out of 2453 productions) on Edinburgh Festival Guide'''s list of top-rated shows. Pop Centre Plus (2011), the final instalment in their "Pop Education" trilogy, was launched at the udderBELLY Festival on South Bank, structured as a careers advice facility. In 2012 they introduced two new shows, Extra-Curricular Activities, and a black comedy called 27 Clubs, which delved into the eponymous cultural phenomenon. Just Too Much (2014) continued this darker theme, concerning itself with meltdowns in pop. In 2015, inspired by the reaction to their viral short film protesting comments made by Gary Barlow on The X Factor," they created a variety show, Cabariot, featuring guest acts and original songs tackling a range of social issues. After a short hiatus, the pair returned with a tenth anniversary show, PopLab (2019), comprising a series of scientific experiments.
Radio
In March 2011, Scott Mills featured a number of Frisky & Mannish songs on BBC Radio 1, which led to several live interviews and performances on the programme. They also wrote and recorded "Perfect Christmas Single" (with Mills and co-host Chris Stark) for a Radio 1 Stories documentary in December 2012; the track was made available on the channel's website and downloaded over 170,000 times. Other radio appearances have included BBC Radio 2 (Jo Whiley), BBC Radio 3 (The Verb), BBC Radio 4 (Sketchorama), BBC Radio 5 Live, BBC 6 Music (Lauren Laverne), and BBC Radio Scotland (MacAulay and Co).
Television
In August 2011, Corcoran and Jones were featured on BBC Two's The Culture Show, performing a comic song about the art of making comic songs. They have also appeared on children's programme Dick and Dom's Funny Business (BBC Two) and variety show Live at the Fringe (BBC3).
On the fifth series of Britain's Got Talent in 2011, contestant Edward Reid's performance of nursery rhymes to the tune of Leona Lewis's "Run" was accused of plagiarising Frisky & Mannish's "Wheels on the Bus," a nursery rhyme medley set to Girls Aloud's "Sound of the Underground".
Reception
Corcoran and Jones have been positively reviewed in a number of British publications such as The Daily Telegraph, The Evening Standard, The Guardian, The Independent, Metro, The Observer, although several reviewers have confessed to finding Frisky & Mannish difficult to describe. One publication referred to them as the "King and Queen of the Fringe Festival." They have been acclaimed for the skill with which they perform and the cleverness of their observations, whereas negative criticism of their act has tended to focus upon a perceived lack of depth to their material.Clark, Lisa (27 March 2010). "Frisky & Mannish's School of Pop – Australian Comedy Review" thegroggysquirrel.com. The Guardian'' identified them as a rare example of a successful mixed-gender comedy duo. Their act has been praised by Ed Byrne, Susan Calman, Shappi Khorsandi, Sarah Millican, Dara Ó Briain, and Ruby Wax.
Awards
Corcoran and Jones won an Editor's Choice Award at Brighton Fringe, a Best Comedy Award at Adelaide Fringe, and an Entertainmentwise Award at Edinburgh Festival Fringe. They were runners-up in the final of Hackney Empire New Act of the Year, finalists in the Musical Comedy Awards, and nominees for a Chortle Award (Best Music or Variety Act), Loaded LAFTA Award (Best Newcomer), two Fringe World Awards, and four London Cabaret Awards.
References
External links
British comedy duos
British cabaret performers
British comedy musical groups
British musical duos
Male–female musical duos
Kozhukhov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kozhukhova. It may refer to
Alexandr Kozhukhov (1942–2008), Russian handball player
Mikhail Kozhukhov (born 1956), Russian journalist and television presenter
Russian-language surnames
Kuh Sakht (, also Romanized as Kūh Sakht) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 754, in 195 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Cirrhitichthys is a genus of marine ray-finned fish, hawkfishes, from the family Cirrhitidae. They are found on tropical reefs in the Indian and western Pacific oceans. Some species can be found in the aquarium trade.
Taxonomy
Cirrhitichthys was first formally described in 1857 by the Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker. The type species designated by Bleeker was Cirrhites graphidopterus which had been described by him in 1853, although this taxon has subsequently been considered a synonym of Cirrhites aprinus which Georges Cuvier had described in 1829. The name of this genus is a compound of Cirrhitus, referring to the similarity between the two genera, although there are differences in dentition, and ichthys meaning “fish”.
Species
The currently recognized species in this genus are:
Cirrhitichthys aprinus (G. Cuvier, 1829) (spotted hawkfish)
Cirrhitichthys aureus (Temminck & Schlegel, 1842) (yellow hawkfish)
Cirrhitichthys bleekeri F. Day, 1874
Cirrhitichthys calliurus Regan, 1905 (spottedtail hawkfish)
Cirrhitichthys falco J. E. Randall, 1963 (dwarf hawkfish)
Cirrhitichthys guichenoti (Sauvage, 1880)
Cirrhitichthys oxycephalus (Bleeker, 1855) (coral hawkfish)
Cirrhitichthys randalli Kotthaus, 1976
Characteristics
Cirrhitichthys hawkfishes have an oval, moderately compressed body with a sharp, more or less straight-profiled snout. The anterior nostril has a tuft of cirri on its posterior margin. The mouth is moderately large with a row of small canine-like teeth on the jaws and a band of simple teeth within the outer band. There are patches of teeth on the middle and sides of the roof of the mouth. The margin of the preoperculum has quite large serrations and the gill cover has 2 flattened spines. The dorsal fin is continuous, with 10 spines and 11-12 soft rays, there is a slight incision between the spines and the soft rays. The membranes between the dorsal fin spines deeply notched and each spine has a sizeable tuft of cirri at its tip. The anal fin has 3 spines and 5-7 soft rays. The caudal fin is truncate. The lower 5-7 pectoral fin rays are robust with deep incisions in the membranes between them and they are notably longer than the other rays. The upper 1-2 and lower 6-7 pectoral fin rays are simple. The pelvic fin has a single spine and 5 soft rays and has its origin to the rear of the base of the pectoral fin. Their total length varies from in the dwarf hawkfish (C.s falco) and in the yellow hawkfish (C. aureus).
Distribution and habitat
Cirrhitichthys hawkfishes are mainly found in the Indo-West Pacific with one species, the coral hawkfish (C. oxycephalus) extending into the eastern Pacific. These fishes are associated with coral and rocky habitats.
Biology
Cirrhitichthys hawkfishes are predatory, using the "sit and wait" technique to ambush benthic prey which can be invertebrates or fish, perching on their thickened lower pectoral fin rays among sponges and corals. They are protogynous hermaphrodites, all start out as female and live in harems, if the male is lost the largest and more dominant female will change sex. They are pelagic spawners rising upwards into the water column in pairts to spawn.
Utilisation
Cirrhitichthys hawkfishes are collected for the aquarium trade.
References
Cirrhitidae
House at 378 Glen Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1886 and is a two-story clapboard-sided residence with a sweeping gable roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a two-storey porch that surrounds the building and has lattice work on the first floor, scrollsawn corner braces, balustrade, and decorative detailing.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1886
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
The Seminole County Sheriff's Office is the law enforcement agency for unincorporated areas of Seminole County, Florida, USA. The current sheriff is Dennis M. Lemma, who took office on January 3, 2017.
Department of Corrections and Judicial Services
The Department of Corrections and Judicial Services is divided into six divisions: Court Services and Transportation, Administrative Services/Intake, Security Operations Services, Inmate Healthcare Services, Probation and Probation Certificates. The Court Services and Transportation Division includes full law enforcement services for the three judicial facilities within Seminole County: the Criminal Justice Center, Juvenile Justice Center and Civil Courthouse as well as prisoner transport. The Division is charged with ensuring these facilities are secure and able to conduct court-related functions for the 18th Judicial Circuit of Florida. The division also houses the Civil Section who carry out the sheriff's statutory responsibility for the service of process and execution of writs.
Accreditation
The Seminole County Sheriff's Office is currently accredited by eight independent, accrediting bodies:
American Correctional Association (ACA)
American Society of Crime Lab Directors Lab Accreditation Board (ASCLD/LAB)
Commission for Florida Law Enforcement Accreditation (CFA)
Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. (CALEA)
Florida Corrections Accreditation Commission (FCAC)
National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC)
National Emergency Management Accreditation Program (EMAP)
Public Safety Communications Accreditation
Accreditation is a voluntary process that affirms an agency's commitment to the highest standards of professionalism and service. Each accrediting body has fixed standards that an agency must initially demonstrate compliance with, and then demonstrate continuing adherence to, in order to achieve re-accreditation.
Accreditation standards address key areas such as: organization management and administration, personnel administration, law enforcement operations, training, forensic examination, and inmate and court-related services. Accreditation typically includes an extensive review of an agency's policies, procedures and protocols as well as an on-site inspection and interviews with key personnel.
Honor Roll (line of duty deaths)
Deputy Sheriff Cleveland V. Jacobs - End of Watch: September 14, 1922
Deputy Sheriff Robert O. Moore - End of Watch: June 9, 1975
Reserve Deputy George A. Pfeil - End of Watch: December 29, 1977
Deputy Sheriff Hugh Ellis Thomas Jr. - End of Watch: March 28, 1989
Deputy Sheriff Eugene Andrew Gregory - End of Watch: July 8, 1998
Deputy Sheriff Matt Miller – End of Watch: December 26, 2011
External links
Seminole County Sheriff's Office (Official Site)
Seminole County Sheriff's Office (Trophy Site)
The Officer Down Memorial Page
Seminole County, Florida
Sheriffs' departments of Florida
1913 establishments in Florida
Wilhelmina Wendt (8 August 1896 – 26 June 1988), commonly known as Tiddit, was a Swedish silversmith. She was the first woman in Sweden to be granted the title of "master silversmith". From the late 1920s, she designed trays, serving dishes, bowls, jugs and jewellery. In the mid 1940s, she settled in Perstorp where she combined her father's black insulation material "isolit" with her own thin silver designs, producing artefacts in what she called "silverisolit".
Biography
Born in Perstorp on 8 August 1896, Wilhelmina Wendt was the daughter of the engineer and factory owner Wilhelm Wendt and his wife Minna née Pauly. She was the fifth child in a family of 12. Disliking her given name, she called herself Tiddit or Tittit. Like her siblings, she attended schools in Helsingborg and Kristianstad. After being inspired by the designer Per Torndahl who had installed lighting in her father's factory, she moved to Stockholm where she attended the College of Arts, Crafts and Design.
On graduating as an artisan, Wendt created engraved silver-plated trays, casks, tableware, coasters, jugs and jewellery, decorated with animals, plants, ships and mythological beings. She signed herself TW. The Stockholm handicrafts association awarded her a silver medal for her creations. She contributed her works to the 1929 Paris exhibition and, for the 1930 Stockholm exhibition. presented a pewter candelabra decorated with buildings from Stockholm.
Despite a study trip to Germany in 1941, which she took with a friend on her motorbike and its sidecar, as a woman she had difficulty in finding employment. As a result, she opened her own studio in Malmö under the name Silversmedjan T. Wendt. She also had a workshop in Helsingborg. In 1946, she moved back to her native Perstorp where she opened a workshop in a former glass factory with several employees. She is remembered above all for creating works combining her silversmith designs with the black plastic-like insulating material manufactured by her father. She called the combination "silverisolit".
Wilhelmina Wendt died in Perstorp on 26 June 1988. Several of her works are in the permanent collection of Nationalmuseet.
References
Further reading
1896 births
1988 deaths
People from Perstorp Municipality
Swedish designers
Swedish women designers
Swedish silversmiths
Women silversmiths
20th-century Swedish women
Women jewellers
was a Japanese daimyō of the Azuchi–Momoyama period to early Edo period. His court title was Tango no kami.
In 1612, Shigetada became an ōbangashira (captain of the great guard). He took part in the attack on Osaka Castle in the winter campaign of 1614, and in the defense of Fushimi Castle the following spring and summer. Shigetada was made warden of Sunpu Castle in 1621, and he became lord of the Yokosuka Domain in the same year, following the death of his father Shigekatsu. A year later, he was moved to the Kaminoyama Domain.
Shigetada died in 1626, and was succeeded by his adopted son Shigenao, son of Ogasawara Hidemasa.
Shigetada's grave is at Dentsū-in, in Tokyo.
References
Brief biographical notes (11 November 2007)
|-
1570 births
1626 deaths
Tokugawa clan
Fudai daimyo
This is a timeline of the Tang dynasty, which covers a period of roughly 289 years, from 618, when the dynasty was founded, to 907, when the last Tang emperor was deposed by the warlord Zhu Wen, who established the Later Liang dynasty, inaugurating the period of Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms. Information on areas and events relevant to the Tang dynasty such as the Wu interregnum, when Wu Zetian established her own Zhou dynasty, and other realms such as the Sui dynasty, Tibetan Empire, Three Kingdoms of Korea, Nanzhao, Japan and steppe nomads are also included where necessary.
7th Century
610s
620s
630s
640s
650s
660s
670s
680s
690s
8th Century
700s
710s
720s
730s
740s
750s
760s
770s
780s
790s
9th Century
800s
810s
820s
830s
840s
850s
860s
870s
880s
890s
10th Century
Gallery
See also
Administrative divisions of the Tang dynasty
Citations
References
.
(alk. paper)
(paperback).
.
Tang dynasty
Years in China
Timeline
Tang
Andrea Carlo Moro (born July 24, 1962) is an Italian linguist, neuroscientist and novelist.
He is currently full professor of general linguistics at the Institute for Advanced Study IUSS Pavia, Italy, founder and former director of NeTS and of the Department of Cognitive Behavioural and Social Sciences. He was professor of at the University of Bologna and at the Università Vita-Salute San Raffaele. He is member of the Academia Europaea and the Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon. His main fields of research are syntax and neurolinguistics. He has pursued at least two distinct lines of research: the theory of syntax and the neurological correlates of syntax with the brain. For the first field, see the critical comments in Graffi (2000), Hale - Keyser (2003), Kayne (2011), Richards (2010) and Chomsky (2013) among others. As for a critical evaluation of the second field see in particular the first chapter of Kandel et al. (2013); see also Kaan, 2002, Marcus 2003 and Newmeyer (2005). By referring to these sources, one can synthetically outline Andrea Moro's work in the two fields as follows.
In the first field, he contributed to the theory of clause structure (in particular with respect to the theory of the copula discovering inverse copular constructions, to the notion of expletive proposing that an element like "there" and its equivalent across languages is a raised expletive predicate rather than an inserted expletive subject, and to the theory of syntactic movement (by proposing a weak version of the theory of antisymmetry, i.e. dynamic antisymmetry) according to which movement is the effect of a symmetry-breaking process in the computational system that underlies syntax. As for the first topic the original reference is the volume "The Raising of Predicates" (1997, Cambridge University Press) - chapter 1 and 2, in particular - which has received more than 900 citations, according to Google Scholar, whose popularised version is now accessible in English as "A Brief History of the verb to BE" (2017, MIT Press); as for the second, instead, the original reference is the monograph "Dynamic Antisymmetry" (MIT Press) which has received circa 500 references, again according to Google Scholar.
As for the other field, he explored the neurological correlates of artificial languages which do not follow the principles of Universal Grammar providing evidence that Universal Grammar properties cannot be cultural, social or conventional artifacts: in fact, he and the team of people he worked with showed that recursive syntactic rules, that is rules based on recursion selectively activate a neurological network (including Broca's area) whereas non-recursive syntactic rules do not. These discoveries have appeared in a few international Journals, including, for example, Nature Neuroscience (Musso, Moro et al. 2003) or PNAS (Moro 2010): a comprehensive collection of the works in both fields has now become available in the "Routledge Leading Linguist Series" as "The Equilibrium of Human Syntax" (Routledge 2013). He also explored the correlates between the representation of the world in the brain and the structure of syntax, specifically the relationship between sentential negation and the brain) also available in Moro 2013.
In recent papers he took position against the idea that the sequence of human actions can be described as having the same structure as the sequence of words in a well-formed syntactic structure. Furthermore, Moro pursued the study of the relationship between the brain and language by exploiting electrophysiological measure. The core of the experiment - done in a team with neurosurgeons and electric engineers - consists in comparing the shape of the electric waves of non-acoustic language areas (typically, Broca's area) with the shape of the corresponding sound waves. The result was that not only the shape of the two different waves correlate but they do so also in absence of sound production, that is during inner speech activity, opening the possibility to reading linguistic expression from direct measure of the cortex and skipping the actual utterance of the sentence. For a non technical synthesis of these discoveries and a critical discussion see "Impossible Languages" which received the honourable mention at the PROSE Awards. For Moro's view on the relationship between mind and language and for evolution of language and related issues see Everaert et al. (2017) and Friederici et al. (2017). A further step into the correlation between grammar and brain electrophysiological activity, Moro participated in a study pursued with the Stereoelectroencephalography (SEEG) tracking different syntactic structures in homophonous phrases un high gamma activity; in other words, this experiment was able to highlight the electrophysiological activity of verb phrases vs. noun phrases while crucially factoring sound out. This was done by exploiting sequences of words with the same sound but different syntactic structure
In his essay "La razza e la lingua" he offers arguments against racism showing that there exist two ideas which look innocuous if considered as separated but which are extremely dangerous if combined: first, that there are languages which are better than others; second, that reality is perceived and though elaborated differently, according to the language one speaks. He highlights that this linguistic racism was at the origin of the myth of Aryan race and the devastating results it had on civilisation.
In his last book "The secrets of words" he discusses with Noam Chomsky some crucial aspects of the relationship between the brain and language. In particular, he notion of impossible languages is highlighted and its impact on neuroscience and epistemology in general is illustrated. The core idea is that humans ignore the only indisputable fact concerning language, namely its linear structure, and compute grammar on the sole basis of hierarchical structures recursively generated. The core argument is taken from those experiments conceived by Moro who designed artificial languages based on linear order and showed that the brain progressively inhibits those networks which are canonically reserved for language.
His first novel is "Il segreto di Pietramala" a thriller concerning a lost language. For this novel, Andrea Moro was awarded the Flaiano Prizes () for literature in July 2018.
Selected works
Notes
Bibliography
1962 births
Living people
Linguists from Italy
Syntacticians
Franco Albini (17 October 1905 – 1 November 1977) was an Italian Neo-Rationalist architect, designer and university instructor in design.
A native of Robbiate, near Milan, Albini obtained his degree in architecture at Politecnico di Milano University in 1929 and began his professional career working for Gio Ponti. He started displaying his works at Milan Triennale In 1930 he opened his own practice.
Through his creations, the modern furniture design merged the Italian traditional artisanship with the new forms of modernism. In his creations, he used raw, inexpensive materials. He exploited the very skilled Italian craftsmanship. This also meant an elegant design based on a minimalist aesthetic.
One of his first successful works in 1939 was a radio, encased in glass, so to show its internal components.
In 1928 Albini designed the now-iconic "Albini Desk", combining steel, glass and wood with a striking minimalistic balance, and introduced by Knoll in 1949. In 1950 he designed the famous and fashionable "Margherita" and "Gala" chairs, made of woven cane. In 1952 he created the "Fiorenza" armchair for Arflex; in 1955 the "Luisa" chair; in 1956 the "Rocking chaise" for Poggi.
In the 1960s he worked on industrial design as well as important architectural projects. In 1961 he designed the Rome Rinascente building. Three years later he designed with Franca Helg and Bob Noorda the Milan Metro Line 1 subway stations, and from 1969 also Milan Metro Line 2 subway stations. In 1964 the television set he created for Brionvega was displayed at the Milan Triennial XIII. In the same year, he created various lamps for Arteluce.
Albini worked for companies including Brionvega, Cassina, Arflex, Arteluce and Poggi.
He was also an architect and interior designer. Among others, in 1945 he created the Zanini Fur Shop located in Milan. As writer and editor, from 1945 to 1946 he worked for the Italian magazine Casabella. In the 1950s and 1960s he taught interior design at the Venice School of Architecture (Università Iuav di Venezia). From 1963 to 1977 he taught design at Milan Polytechnic (Politecnico di Milano).
In 1971 he was appointed an Honorary Royal Designer for Industry (RDI) by the Royal Society for Arts (RSA) in London.
Albini obtained three Compasso d'Oro awards, the most prestigious Italian design prize.
References
Sherer, Daniel. "Rationalism and Paradox in Franco Albini's and Franca Helg's Architecture and Design, 1934–1977," in D. Sherer, Aldo Colonetti, eds. Franco Albini and Franca Helg Design (Milan, 2009), 9–38.
Leet, Stephen. Franco Albini, Architecture and Design, 1934–1977 (Princeton Architectural Press, New York, 1990).
Jones, Kay Bea. Suspending Modernity: The Architecture of Franco Albini, Surrey: Ashgate, 2014
Specific
External links
World Wide Arts Resources
Franco Albini Foundation
1905 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Italian architects
Architects from Milan
Italian industrial designers
Italian magazine editors
Italian urban planners
Modernist architects from Italy
Olivetti people
People from the Province of Lecco
Polytechnic University of Milan alumni
Italian furniture designers
Designers
Compasso d'Oro Award recipients
Royal Designers for Industry
Hrkać is a Slavic surname.
List of people
Persons with the surname Hrkać include:
Alexander Hrkać, president of KK Vrijednosnice Osijek
Ante Hrkać (born 1992), Bosnian professional footballer
Miljenko Hrkać (1947–1978), Croatian alleged terrorist
Mirko Hrkać, futsal player in the Bosnia and Herzegovina national futsal team
See also
Hrkáč, former village that merged into Gemerská Ves
Tony Hrkac, Canadian former professional ice hockey player
Hrkaći, a hamlet of Izbično
Slavic-language surnames
Croatian surnames
Thikaporn Bunyalieang born 4 June 1989, better known by the stage name Kratay R-Siam (), is a Thai luk thung singer under the R-Siam label. She also has a background in Muay Thai and adheres to Hinduism.
Education
She graduated in Bachelor of Architecture from Sri Pathum University.
Career
Kratay is well known for her prowess as a Muay Thai boxer and a pop singer. Her style is Lanna which is northern Thai and is different from more traditional style. She has recorded and released several albums including the best albums (compilation) on the Rsiam label. She is primarily successful in Asian countries (especially Thailand, Cambodia, Japan, China and Taiwan), but she has also performed in Belgium
and France.
Discography
Tee Kao Kayao Dance
This album is a cooperation of Kratae and Kratay, a sister of Kratae and was released on 27 January 2010.
The ten songs on this album are:-
"Yarng née tong tee kao" (อย่างนี้ต้องตีเข่า)
"Dek pump" (เด็กปั๊ม)
"Sao rum wong" (สาวรำวง)
"Pok mia ma duay" (พกเมียมาด้วย)
"Chorp mai" (ชอบมั้ย)
"Ruk rua lom" (รักเรือล่ม)
"Mai yark pen praeng see fun" (ไม่อยากเป็นแปรงสีฟัน)
"Tob mue karng deaw" (ตบมือข้างเดียว)
"Ma ruk tum mai torn née" (มารักทำไมตอนนี้)
"Warng laew chuay tro glub" (ว่างแล้วช่วยโทรกลับ)
Singles
"เมรี (Meri)" feat.Kratae Rsiam (24 December 2014)
Movies
Look Tung Nguen Laan (2013)
Dramas
Rachanee Look Toong (Ch.8 2012)
Like Mat Sang (Ch.8 2015)
References
External links
Facebook : "Rsiam Kratae"
Instagram : "KRATAE.IG"
iTunes Store : "Kratae iTunes Store"
1989 births
Living people
Atittaya Bunyalieang
Atittaya Bunyalieang
Atittaya Bunyalieang
Grevillea quinquenervis, also known as the five-nerved grevillea, is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to a small area on the western end of Kangaroo Island in South Australia.
The erect dense shrub typically grows to a height of and has angular and ridged branchlets. It has sublinear to oblong-elliptic or narrowly obovate leaves with a blade that is long and wide.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
quinquenervis
Proteales of Australia
Taxa named by John McConnell Black
Heiko Mathias Förster (born 1966, Crivitz, East Germany) is a German conductor. Most notable for conducting the Munich Symphony Orchestra from 1999 to 2006, since 2014, he has been the chief conductor of the Ostrava-based Janáček Philharmonic Orchestra.
Life and career
At the age of four, Förster had received his first piano lessons and was a student of the Schwerin Conservatory at the age of six, and in 1976, was the laureate of a national piano competition. Fascinated by the theatre atmosphere, changed his studies and devoted himself to conducting. Before completing his studies, he was first appointed as a Kapellmeister, and then, at the age of only 23, was principal conductor of the Brandenburg Theatre. In 1993, he was appointed General Music Director of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel. During his nine seasons, he conducted a total of 32 opera and operetta premieres at the Brandenburg Theatre in addition to about 500 concerts. Together with the Brandenburger Symphoniker, he undertook numerous national and international concert tours, which took him on tour to Japan, South Africa and the United States.
In 1999, Förster became head conductor of the Munich Symphony Orchestra until the end of the 2005/2006 season. In addition to his work as chief conductor of the orchestra, he also established himself as an opera conductor with him conducting at the International Music Festival in the Chiemgau. He ended his seven-year work in Munich with a highly praised performance of a series of all Beethoven symphonies at the Prinzregententheater.
His knowledge on the works of Richard Wagner, in particular Der Ring des Nibelungen, helped produce the Vicco von Bülow film The Ring on a Single Night (German: Der Ring an einem Abend) and the production of an orchestral version of The Ring Without Words (German: Der Ring ohne Worte) in 2003.
Other engagements, some of them international, led to him performing with such names as José Cura, Angela Gheorghiu and Rolando Villazón. During the 2004/2005 season, Förster accompanied the tenor Joseph Calleja in his Munich debut. In the spring of 2007, he conducted the Munich Symphony Orchestra
during the first German tour of mezzo-soprano Elīna Garanča.
Förster took over the musical direction of the as the music director from 2007 to 2014 and also conducted concerts by the orchestra in Zurich, Basel, Munich and Cologne. He also received praise for his conducting of La Bohème at the Musiktheater im Revier. Some other successful performances include that of Otello, Samson and Delilah, Die tote Stadt and the German premiere of Merlin.
Förster has recently been and is primarily active in the Czech Republic, with him collaborating with the Prague Symphony Orchestra since 2009 and conducting the Czech National Symphony Orchestra. With the Prague State Opera, he created productions of Otello in 2009, Don Quichotte in 2010 and Die drei Pintos in 2011.
Förster has been a guest conductor all over the world, including for the Orquestra Sinfonica de Chile, the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra, the Stuttgart Philharmonic, the Staatskapelle Halle, the Berliner Symphoniker, the Concerts Colonne, the orchestra of the Liceu in Barcelona, the orchestra of the National Theatre Mannheim, the Shenzhen Symphony Orchestra, the NDR Radiophilharmonie in Hanover, the Bavarian State Orchestra, Tonkünstler Orchestra, Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra, Slovak Philharmonic, Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, KBS Symphony Orchestra, the Macao Orchestra, National Taiwan Symphony Orchestra and the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra. He and the Janáček Philharmonic Orchestra have also created CDs for Universal Music, Sony Music, Brilliant Classics, among others.
He is married to soprano singer Heike Maria Förster and has two children.
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Crivitz
People from Bezirk Schwerin
German choral conductors
German male conductors (music)
21st-century German conductors (music)
21st-century German male musicians
Stauffer is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within Clearwater County, located north of Highway 54, west of Red Deer.
Localities in Clearwater County, Alberta
Fazenda is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores, on the island of Flores, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. The population in 2021 was 261, in an area of . This parish is the youngest in the municipality, having been de-annexed from the parish of Lajes das Flores in 1919.
History
The first settlements In this region occurred In the zone called Eirinha Velha during the 16th Century. Few historians would refer to the area of Fazenda, until Father José António Camões elaborated on the island's; from Ribeira Funda, he would recount:
"In about 55 arms-lengths, the river runs to the sea along a cliff called Fazenda...continuing to the south-southeast, In the same bay, is a lowland called Cherne. A short distance from this lowland is a small point called Ponta da Fazenda".
Later, Father Camões would note that the zone was occupied by 72 homes, 395 inhabitants in total (198 men to 197 women). He would go on to describe the local industry, noting how the men were "hearty, robust and jovial" and responsible for the production of best roof-tiles on the island.
Albeit only administratively autonomous in 1919, it was religiously independent of Lajes das Flores in 1904. At that time, Senator André de Freitas had unsuccessfully attempted to promote the village to civil parish status. Similarly, and much later, Senator Machado Serpa had a similar idea; on December 9, 1919, organic law 915 was promulgated creating the civil parish of Fazenda. On 10 November 1959, Bishop D. Manuel Afonso de Carvalho established Fazenda as a parochial church congregation with all the rights under Canonical Law.
During the 1940s, a small whaling industry was operated by Fazendense Francisco Nunes Azevedo.
Geography
Fazenda is administrative division of Lajes das Flores, and located to the north and northeast of the municipal seat. It extends from the eastern coast where it slopes along a north-northwest to south-southeast orientation to the center of the island. The settlements in this parish area oriented along the Regional Road connecting them to the parishes of Lomba (to the north) and Lajes das Flores (to the south). The parish contains the localities Calvário, Barreira Vermelha, Eiras and Feital.
Economy
Fazenda has been characterized for its fertile soils, and the local population is primarily involved In agriculture and animal husbandry associated with the dairy industry. The parish's experience with cooperativism started on 4 April 1919, with the establishment of the Fructuária de Produção de Lacticínios da Freguesia do Senhor Santo Cristo dos Milagres da Fazenda, later renamed the Cooperativa Agrícola Fructuária de Produção de Lacticínios Senhor Santo Cristo by its founder, Father José Furtado Mota. In 1950, the co-operative's constitution was amended (29 November) and elaborated, becoming known As the Cooperativa Agrícola de Lacticínios do Senhor Santo Cristo, SCARL, under new directors Fernando Pereira Gomes, Francisco de Freitas Silva and Fernando Gomes Trigueiro. In 1968, the cooperative adapted new technologies and processes to produce a variant on the São Jorge cheese, while reducing the production of its local butter (At its only factory In Ribeirinha). At the time it was considered pioneering, and later duplicated by other dairy producers on the island. Later, In order to secure a greater portion of the export market, along with other branches on the island, the cooperative formed the União de Cooperativas da Ilha das Flores.
Architecture
Civic
Bridge of Riberia da Fazenda ()
Fountain of Rua da Chamorra ()
Fountains of Fazenda ()
Residences Rua da Chamorra ()
Residences Rua Senador Machado Serpa ()
Watermill of the King ()
Religious
Church of Senhor Santo Cristo dos Milagres ()
Império of the Divine Holy Spirit of Lajes ()
References
Freguesias of Lajes das Flores
Pulkal is a Mandal in Sangareddy District of Telangana, India.
References
Mandals in Telangana
Sangareddy district
Joseph F. Timilty (October 17, 1894 – October 2, 1980) was an American law enforcement officer and politician who served as Boston Police Commissioner from 1936 to 1943.
Timilty was appointed police commissioner by Governor James Michael Curley on November 25, 1936. Prior to accepting the position, Timilty was a member of the Governor's military staff.
He was police commissioner during the Cocoanut Grove fire.
On March 27, 1943, Timilty and six of his subordinates were indicted on charges of conspiracy to permit the operation of gambling houses and the registration of bets. Immediately after the indictment he was placed on leave by Governor Leverett Saltonstall. The indictment was quashed and on June 5 Timilty returned to duty. He was re-indicted on June 25. On July 2, Judge Frank J. Donahue quashed the second indictment. Governor Saltonstall chose not to re-appoint Timilty and on November 25, 1943, Timilty's tenure as Police Commissioner ended.
Timilty was a candidate for Mayor of Boston in 1951. He finished a distant third in the primary behind incumbent John Hynes and former mayor James Michael Curley.
Timilty died on October 2, 1980, in Bal Harbour, Florida.
See also
The Timilty family
References
1894 births
1980 deaths
Commissioners of the Boston Police Department
Politicians from Boston
People from Miami-Dade County, Florida
Timilty family
Hapoel Yeruham () is an Israeli football club based in Yeruham. The club is currently in Liga Bet Sout B division.
History
The club was founded in 1958 as Hapoel Kfar Yeruham and became Hapoel Yeruham in 1962, after the town's name was changed to Yeruham. The club have reached Liga Bet, which was the third tier of Israeli football at the time, for the first time in the 1971–72 season. Hapoel Yeruham remained four seasons in Liga Bet until relegation in the 1974–75 season. Hapoel Yeruham returned to the third tier (now Liga Alef), after they won Liga Bet South B division in the 1980–81 season and played six seasons in Liga Alef South division, until they finished bottom in the 1986–87 season and relegated to Liga Bet. By the 1989–90 season, Hapoel Yeruham were dropped to Liga Gimel, the fifth and lowest tier of Israeli football. Nevertheless, the club made history after they became the first and only Liga Gimel club to reach the Quarter-finals of the Israel State Cup, after a sensational six goal hammering of Hapoel Lod in the 1/8 finals of the 1989–90 Israel State Cup. In the Quarter-finals, Hapoel Yeruham were narrowly beaten 0–1 in both home and away legs by top flight club, Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
By the mid-1990s the club had returned to Liga Alef. In the 1994–95 season, they finished sixth in Liga Alef South and hosted the Israeli champions of that season, Maccabi Tel Aviv in the 1/16 finals of the Israel State Cup, in front of 2,500 spectators at the Yeruham Municipal Stadium. Hapoel Yeruham were beaten by a result of 0–3. Hapoel Yeruham remained in Liga Alef until the 1998–99 season, where they finished second bottom and relegated to Liga Bet. The club did not return to Liga Alef ever since and folded after the 2004–05 season as a result of major financial problems.
In 2010, football returned to Yeruham, as F.C. Maccabi Yeruham was founded. the club played two seasons in Liga Gimel Central-South division, until the 2011–12 season. In the following season, F.C. Hapoel Yeruham replaced F.C. Maccabi Yeruham in Liga Gimel Central-South division and returned to Israeli football after seven years.
In the 2013–14 season, the club have won the Israel State Cup for Liga Gimel South division, following a victory of 1–0 against Maccabi Ashkelon. The club repeated the feat in the following season, following a victory of 4–3 against Maccabi Segev Shalom.
In the 2016–17 season, the club have won again the Israel State Cup for Liga Gimel South division, following a victory of 4–0 against F.C. Arad. at the end of the season, the club Promoted to liga bet (From the first place).
Honours
League
Cups
External links
F.C. Hapoel Yeruham The Israel Football Association
References
Yeruham
Yeruham
Association football clubs established in 1958
1958 establishments in Israel
Association football clubs established in 2012
2012 establishments in Israel
Association football clubs disestablished in 2005
2005 disestablishments in Israel
Schauenstein Castle is a castle in the municipality of Fürstenau of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Lovisa Adelaïde Ehrnrooth (17 January 1826 – 31 May 1905) was a Finnish feminist and writer. Adelaïde Ehrnrooth was born in Nastola, one of the 16 children of an aristocratic family. She was born to Gustaf Adolf Ehrnrooth, a hero of the Finnish War. John Casimir Ehrnrooth was her brother. Adelaïde Ehrnrooth never married, and dedicated her life to helping the women and the poor.
She was the founder of the Finnish Women's Association— the first society for women's suffrage in Finland. She was also active in the Union Kvinnosaksförening (Women's Cause Association) in 1884 and the years after 1892, until her death in Helsinki. Helena Westermarck called her "Finland's first woman journalist."
Adelaïde Ehrnrooth proposed voting rights for women in 1869.
Aside from her activist life and writing poetry, Adelaïde Ehrnrooth wrote travel accounts of her frequent journeys.
Legacy
Ehrnrooth's life was documented by biographer Helena Westermarck in Adelaïde Ehrnrooth.
Bibliography
Poetry
Sagor och minnen (1863)
Gråsparven (1868)
Novels
Bilder ur familjekretsarna i Finland (1866; Pictures from Life in Finland)
Bland fattiga och rika (1887; Among Rich and Poor)
Dagmar: En hvardaghistoria (1870; Dagmar: An everyday story)
Tiden går och vi med den (1878; Time Passes and We With It)
Hvardagslifvets skuggor och dagar (1881; Shadows and lights of everyday life)
Political
I dagens intressanta samhällsfrågor, röst från en icke röstheråttigad (1882; On interesting social questions of the day: Vote for someone not entitled to vote)
Travel Books
Två finskors lustvandringar i Europa och Afrika åren 1876–77 och 1884 (1886; Two Finnish women's pleasure trips in Europe and Africe, 1876–77 and 1884)
Resor i Orenten (1890; Travels in the Orient)
References
Further reading
External links
Ehrnrooth, Adelaïde in Biografiskt lexikon för Finland .
Ehrnrooth, Adelaïde in Uppslagsverket Finland .
1826 births
1905 deaths
People from Nastola
People from the Grand Duchy of Finland
Swedish-speaking Finns
19th-century Finnish nobility
Finnish writers
Finnish feminists
19th-century Finnish writers
Finnish women's rights activists
19th-century Finnish women
19th-century Finnish women writers
19th-century journalists
20th-century Finnish nobility
Baghshan (, also Romanized as Bāgh-shan; or , Romanized as Bagh-shan) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,769, in 797 families. Baghshan is located in the region of Razavi Khorasan. Razavi Khorasan's capital Mashhad . The distance from Baghshan to Iran's capital Tehrān is approximately 695 km / 432 miles (as the crow flies).
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
David Chote is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Chote made his full All Whites debut in a 4–2 win over Fiji on 17 September 1986 and ended his international playing career with four A-international caps to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 0–1 loss to Fiji on 19 November 1988.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Augmentation of Benefices Act 1665 (17 Car 2 c 3) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The Augmentation of Benefices Act 1665 was repealed by section 15 of the Pluralities Act 1838 (1 & 2 Vict c 106).
So much of the Augmentation of Benefices Act 1665 as enabled any owner or proprietor of any impropriation, tithes or portion of tithes, to annex the same or any part thereof unto the parsonage, vicarage or curacy of the parish church or chapel where the same lay or arose, or to settle the same in trust for the benefit of such parsonage, vicarage or curacy, and authorized parsons, vicars or incumbents to receive lands, tithes or other hereditaments without licence of mortmain, was revived by section 25 of the New Parishes Act 1843 (6 & 7 Vict c 37), which further provided that all augmentations and grants at any time theretofore made according to the Augmentation of Benefices Act 1665 were as good and effectual as if the same had never been repealed.
The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, was repealed by section 48(2) of, and Part II of Schedule 7 to, the Charities Act 1960.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1665 in law
1665 in England
Athol is a rural locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia.
Geography
The Gore Highway passes through Athol, with an intersection of the following road segments in the locality. To the north-east the Gore Highway is now part of the Toowoomba Bypass, while to the east is the former Gore Highway alignment, now known as the Toowoomba Athol Road (A139). To the south-west is the unchanged portion of the Gore Highway.
History
Westbrook Provisional School opened on 25 July 1887. In 1903, it was renamed Athol Provisional School and became Athol State School on 1 October 1910. It closed on 20 July 1962. It was located on the north-east corner of Athol School Road and Berghofer Road ().
In the , Athol had a population of 277 people.
In the , Athol had a population of 134 people.
References
Further reading
Toowoomba Region
Localities in Queensland
Poisoned Electrick Head (PEH) is an English psychedelic indie rock/punk band formed in 1986 in St Helens, Merseyside, England. The band is best known for the 1994 independent chart hit "Out of Order" and for its fantasy-costumed stage act. Poisoned Electrick Head split up in 1998 and formally reformed in 2009. The band's name is taken from the final words sung by Vivian Stanshall in the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band track, "My Pink Half of the Drainpipe".
Musical style
The Poisoned Electrick Head sound could be described as a combination of space rock and angular post-punk, with heavy, distorted guitars and analog synthesizers providing an idiosyncratic backing to the two lead vocalists' unconventional scattergun delivery. An early review in the popular music magazine NME described them as sounding as "UK Subs playing early Genesis". and the band drew frequent comparisons to Hawkwind, Devo and Cardiacs. Many Poisoned Electrick Head tracks also experimented with ambient electronic passages, dropped-in samples and dub techniques.
History
Poisoned Electrick Head formed when seven musicians in the St Helens area opted to join forces. The band members had previously played together in different permutations since the late 1970s.
From the start, the band displayed a theatrical flair, with each member operating under a pseudonym - singers "Emerald Greenshade" and "Katmandu", rhythm guitarist "Jefferson Jesu(s) Devil", lead guitarist "Philippe ZaPeep", keyboard player "Professor Bubblekeys", bass guitarist "Tjunca B Low" and drummer "Vik Vibeskin". An unofficial eighth member, Bubblekeys's brother known as "Burt Sliders", served as sound man and sound designer.
Emerald, Vik and Zapeep had been in a punk band called Subversion in 1979, and both Emerald (keys)had been part of The Aristocrats releasing a track on the Elegance Charm & Deadly Danger LP (along with Jesu Vik and Katmandu) in 1982. Bubblekeys and Tjunca - along with another pseudonymous musician, "Flimb" (drums) and Doug Eglin (vocal/guitar) - had worked together as the Academy Of Unrest (who released the Sheol Hex/Rise of Doubt/Hope 12" EP in 1986 and the track 'Sensitive' on compilation album 'Elegance, Charm and Deadly Danger'). By 1985, Jesu, Emerald & Vik were in a band called Moon, to which they recruited Tjunca, initially as keyboard player - he would subsequently move to bass guitar on the arrival of Bubblekeys. Zapeep was the next addition to the band, in early 1986: later in the same year Katmandu was recruited (initially as a proposed replacement for Greenshade, but subsequently as his singing partner).
The band's first release was the 1986 cassette-only mini-album Drink Me, followed three years later by the "Trickeroo/Cap of Flies" single.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Poisoned Electrick Head built up a fiercely devoted live following in their hometown and in other parts of the UK. By the start of the 1990s, the band had taken their onstage theatricality a step further, with the singers dressing in boiler-suits and wearing latex "death masks" and other bizarre stage costumes while the remaining band members wore ornate H. R. Giger-esque "alien domeheads" and robes. The band's album sleeves were adorned with similarly Giger-esque artwork, designed (as were the costumes) by Zapeep.
Behind the scenes, Poisoned Electrick Head continued to be self-producing and self-releasing, putting out many of their releases on their own Dead Fly label while licensing others to various independent labels. The band played numerous tours, concerts, festivals and underground gatherings including the Stonehenge Free Festival, Glastonbury Festival and the legendary Castlemorton Common Festival of 1992. Poisoned Electrick Head also played with numerous underground bands and artists of the time including Hawkwind, Cardiacs, Gong, Senser, Back to the Planet and Arthur Brown. In 1991, the band contributed a song (their popular live favourite Snobs) to the Delerium Records compilation album A Psychedelic Psauna (In Four Parts).
In 1992, the band licensed their first full-length album, Poisoned Electrick Head to the independent label Probe Plus Records. This was followed later in the same year by another cassette album, Unmistakeably Rainbow Trout, released on Dead Fly. Two years after that, the band licensed and released a second full-release album The Big Eye Am on another independent label, Abstract Sounds. The tracks on the record included "Out of Order" which was released as a single: this became an independent chart hit, accompanied by a video made by the band themselves.
By 1997 the band had around 800 gigs to their credit, but eleven years of hard underground gigging had taken its toll and the band was beginning to fracture. Katmandu had left the band during the 1996 recording sessions for their third album, The Hanged Man, leaving Emerald as sole lead vocalist (with occasional backup from Bubblekeys). Around this time the band also dispensed with their stage costumes, as it was considered that these were holding the band back. The Hanged Man was released on the Blueprint label (a subdivision of Voiceprint) but during the promotional tour Tjunca also departed. The band continued to play live, using taped basslines, and subsequently went through a period with greater vocal input from Bubblekeys, a harder and more metallic sound and the inclusion of rapping. In 1998, Bubblekeys also left the band and Poisoned Electrick Head was put on hold for a decade.
In the mid-2000s (decade), the remaining four members - Jesu, Emerald, Vibeskin and Zapeep- regrouped with Burt under the "PEH" name to record new music. Although the band was briefly referred to as "Purified Electrick Heart", they reverted to their original name when they played at the Rebellion Festival in Blackpool in the summer of 2009, a concert which also saw the band returning to wearing stage costumes (although different ones from those worn in the 1990s). The band played at the same event in 2010 with a lineup of Jesu, Emerald and Vik (assisted by Burt), joined by a previously unmentioned bassist called "Bigshed George" and two guest performers - Nik Turner (of Hawkwind) and Arthur Brown as event narrator.
In 2011, Poisoned Electrick Head played the Rebellion Festival again, unveiling a new album called Where the Power Is (which featured guest contributions from Arthur Brown and Bubblekeys) and subsequently joined the Wreck'n'Roll Circus tour. A forum posting from Poisoned Electrick Head on the Ozric Tentacles discussion forum on 6 March 2011 listed the current band as PEH (under their usual pseudonyms) with new recruits "Captain O'Ship" (keyboards, backing vocals, samples) and "Moose Mother" (bass guitar).
In 2014, drummer Vik Vibeskin won £1,045,504 on the National Lottery. At a similar time, the Captain was replaced on the keyboards by one "Dr Baron Igor Von Pronkenstein".
In 2017, the band released the second in the "Jedder" series of albums, The Purified Electrick Heart, which again featured Arthur Brown narrating.
Former members
Various former band members are now active with other projects. Bubblekeys is now based in Belgium and performs as a solo act called Android 80. In 2011 he released a solo album 'Suburban Robot'(a nod to Devo's 'Smart Patrol' "...suburban robots to monitor reality"). He was nominated for best Electronic artist in 'Les Octaves de la Musique 2012', the Belgian Music Awards. In 2010, he published an autobiography called "Take Your Protein Pills: The Poisoned Electrick Head Story" which detailed his life with the band. Tjunca now teaches music technology but also occasionally plays bass and has a project called Bunfly. Zapeep now works as a tattooist in Wallasey.
Band members
Current
Dammo Buster - Lead Vox (2021)
Jefferson Jesus Devil AKA the Dancer - Lead Vox - guitar, synthesizer, backing vocals (1986–present)
Moose Mother AKA Don`t fuck with the Moose - bass guitar (2011 onwards)
Vik Vibe AKA Sing along with Vik - drums (1986–present)
OQ Pye - Guitar (2019-present)
Burt Sliders - sound design and sonic manipulation (1986–present)
Former
Emerald Greenshade AKA Vicious Weed - lead vocals (1986– 1998, guitar & keyboards (2009–2019)
Katmandu - lead vocals (1986–1997)
Tjunca B Low - bass guitar (1986–1997)
Professor Bubblekeys - keyboards, vocals (1986–1998)
Dr Baron Igor Von Pronkenstein - keyboards, samples (2012-2018)
Philippe ZaPeep - lead guitar, programming, costume design & artwork (1986-c. 2010)
Bigshed George - bass guitar (?-2011)
Discography
Albums
Drink Me (Dead Fly Records 1986) (cassette only)
Poisoned Electrick Head (Probe Plus 1992)
Unmistakeably Rainbow Trout (Dead Fly Records 1992) (cassette only)
The Big Eye Am (Abstract Sounds 1994)
The Hanged Man (Voiceprint Records 1996)
Where the Power Is (self-released 2011)
The Purified Electrick Heart (self-released 2017)
Singles
Telebot flexi 7" (St. Helens Music Collective 1989) (A split single release with All Everything on the other side)
Trickeroo/Cap Of Flies (7" Dead Fly Records 1989) (Limited to 1000 copies)
Out of Order (7", 12" and CD Abstract Sounds 1994)
Compilation appearances
Various Artists, A Psychedelic Psauna (In Four Parts) (Delerium Records, 1991) - includes "Snobs".
Various Artists, New Reaction compilation, (1987) - includes "Telebot"
Other
Several dozen bootleg live performances also remain in circulation.
References
External links
Poisoned Electrick Head live videos at Daily Motion
English indie rock groups
English psychedelic rock music groups
English new wave musical groups
English space rock musical groups
The Kucher K1, also known as the Danuvia M53 K1, was a Hungarian box-magazined submachine gun designed by József Kucher in 1951 for use by paramilitary, paratrooper and police units, based on the Danuvia 44.M prototype submachine gun. It was produced by the titular Danuvia company.
See also
PPSh-41
Type 85 submachine gun - identical Chinese weapon
References
External links
7.62×25mm Tokarev submachine guns
Infantry weapons of the Cold War
Simple blowback firearms
Submachine guns of Hungary
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1953
Patricio Walker Prieto (born 28 April 1969) is a Chilean politician. He was President of the Senate between 11 March 2015 and 15 March 2016. He was member of the Senate between 2010 and 2018. From 2007 to 2008 Walker was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile. He was member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1998 and 2010. Walker is member of the Christian Democratic Party.
Career
Walker was born on 28 April 1969 in Santiago to Ignacio Joaquín Walker Concha and Isabel Margarita Prieto Vial. He had his primary education at the Colegio San Ignacio in Santiagio between 1974 and 1983. He followed his secondary education at the Colegio Pontificio Seminario Menor from 1984 to 1987. The next year he became a law student at Diego Portales University where he obtained a degree in 1994.
In the parliamentary elections of 1997, 2001 and 2005 Walker was elected for the Christian Democratic Party to the Chamber of Deputies for District 8 of the Coquimbo Region. Walker served as fraction leader of the Christian Democratic Party from 2002 to 2003. Between March 2007 and March 2008 Walker was President of the Chamber of Deputies.
In the parliamentary elections of 2009 Walker was elected Senator for the 18th Circunscription of Aysén. He was elected President of the Senate on 11 March 2015. He obtained 23 out of 38 votes and succeeded Isabel Allende.
In July 2015 Walker spoke out against a possible return to compulsory voting in Chile, calling the remedy possibly worse than the problem. Walker travelled to Venezuela for the 2015 parliamentary elections as an observer. He spoke with Lilian Tintori, wife of imprisoned politician Leopoldo López. Walker supported the couple and stated there was no crime and fraudulent evidence.
Walker was succeeded as President of the Senate on 15 March 2016 by Ricardo Lagos Weber. Walker decided not to run in the 2017 Chilean general election and his term in office ended on 18 March 2018.
Personal life
Walker is married and has three children. He has eight siblings, including politicians Ignacio Walker and Matías Walker. He is a grandchild of , his great-grandfather is .
References
1969 births
Living people
Christian Democratic Party (Chile) politicians
Diego Portales University alumni
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Members of the Senate of Chile
Politicians from Santiago
Presidents of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
Presidents of the Senate of Chile
Chilean people of English descent
WSHU may refer to:
WSHU (AM), a radio station (1260 AM) licensed to Westport, Connecticut, United States
WSHU-FM, a radio station (91.1 FM) licensed to Fairfield, Connecticut, United States
This is a list of units of the Seventh Day Adventist Reform Movement, sorted by region.
African Region
Angolan Union
Central Angolan Field
North Angolan Field
South Angolan Field
Bandundu Mission
Botswana Mission
Burundi Mission
Cameroon Mission
Central Nigerian Mission
East-Central African Mission
East Congo Mission
East Nigerian Mission
Equator Mission
Ghana Mission
Kasai Occidental Mission
Kasai-Oriental Mission
Malawi Mission
Mozambique Mission
North Congo Mission
North Kivu Mission
Resda Mission Field
Rwandan Field
Seychelles Mission Field
South African Field
South Kivu Mission
Tanzanian Mission
Ugandan Mission
West Congo Mission
Zambian Mission
Zimbabwean Mission
Asian Region
Burmese Field
Indonesian Field
Nepali Mission
North Indian Union
Pakistani Mission
Philippine Union
South Indian Union Mission
Sri Lankan Mission
Central American Region
Central American Union
Dominican Field
Haitian Field
Martinique Field
Mexican Union
Puerto Rican Mission
St. Lucian Mission Field
Eurasian Region
Czechoslovak Mission Field
East European Union
Israeli Mission Field
Moldavian Union
Polish Field
European Region
Austrian Field
British Mission
Bulgarian Field
Finnish Mission Field
French Field
German Union
Hungarian Field
Italian Field
Portuguese Field
Romanian Union
South Slavonic Union
Spanish Field
North American Region
East Canadian Field
East-Central United States Field
Eastern United States Field
Southeast United States Field
West Canadian Mission Field
Western United States Union
Central United States Field
Desert Mission
Nevada Mission
Northern California Conference
Pacific Northwest Mission
Southern California Conference
Pacific Region
Australasian Union
French Polynesian Field
Korean Field
Mongolian Mission
New Caledonia Mission Field
Nippon Mission Field
North Chinese Union
South Chinese Union
South Pacific Union Mission
Vietnamese Mission
South American Region
Bolivian Union
Chilean Union
Colombian Field
Ecuadorian Field
Guyanese Mission
North Brazilian Union
Peruvian Union
South American Southern Union
South Brazilian Union
Venezuelan Field
See also
Seventh Day Adventist Reform Movement
SDARM General Conference
References
The Reformation Herald, January - March 2004, pp. 10, 34, 35.
The Reformation Herald, January - March 2008, pp. 18.
External links
Units
Rockfish is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
Overview
It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969.
Rockfish was frequently referenced in the CBS television series The Waltons as being the closest town to Waltons Mountain, the fictional version of the nearby community of Schuyler.
The community is also known as "Rockfish Depot" even though the railroad depot building has been gone for decades.
Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Rockfish has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Montebello station was a Canadian Pacific railway station in Montebello, Quebec, which served the nearby Château Montebello hotel and the community of Montebello. Like the hotel, it was built of Red Cedar logs.
The building now serves as a tourist information centre.
References
Canadian Pacific Railway stations in Quebec
Transport in Outaouais
Buildings and structures in Outaouais
Shady Lane is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Pleasant View Gardens is a neighborhood in southeast Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southeast Baltimore
Christopher Michael Peters (born January 28, 1972) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played during six seasons at the major league level for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Montreal Expos.
Career
He was drafted by the Pirates in the 37th round of the amateur draft. Peters played his first professional season with their Class A (Short Season) Welland Pirates in , and his last season with the independent Atlantic League's Pennsylvania Road Warriors, Newark Bears, and Camden Riversharks in . He played his last affiliated season in for the Detroit Tigers' Double-A Erie SeaWolves.
References
1972 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Augusta GreenJackets players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Calgary Cannons players
Camden Riversharks players
Carolina Mudcats players
Columbus Clippers players
Erie SeaWolves players
Louisville RiverBats players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Montreal Expos players
Nashville Sounds players
Newark Bears players
Pennsylvania Road Warriors players
People from Bethel Park, Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Salem Buccaneers players
Welland Pirates players
Pyramiden is a mountain in King Frederick VI Coast, Kujalleq municipality, southern Greenland.
Geography
This mountain is a 1,410 m high largely unglaciated rocky pyramidal peak rising from a nunatak located above the glacier that joins the confluence at the head of Anorituup Kangerlua fjord from the east.
See also
List of mountains in Greenland
List of nunataks of Greenland
References
Mountains of Greenland
Nunataks of Greenland
Kujalleq
ceb:Pyramiden (nunatak sa Greenland, Kujalleq)
sv:Pyramiden (nunatak i Grönland, Kujalleq)
Sekh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 288 as of 2010.
Geography
Sekh is located 44 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Rosutl and Ala are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Bykovo () is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast, located southeast of Moscow. Population:
History
It was founded in 1861–1862 upon construction of the Moscow-Ryazan railroad, replacing the former village to the south. Work settlement status was granted to it in 1962.
Economy
The Bykovo Airport and an aircraft repair facility are located here.
Notable people
Bykovo is a home (and a place of birth) for Pavel Chukhrai, Vladimir Sorokin, and Nikolay Rastorguyev.
References
Urban-type settlements in Moscow Oblast
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C7H8ClN}}
The molecular formula C7H8ClN (molar mass: 141.60 g/mol) may refer to:
4-Chloro-o-toluidine (4-chloro-2-methylaniline)
Starlicide (3-chloro-4-methylaniline)
Molecular formulas
Everton Luiz Guimarães Bilher (born 24 May 1988), commonly known as Everton Luiz, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Belgian club Beveren. He is primarily recognized for his aggressive and hard-tackling style of play.
After starting out in his homeland, mainly playing in the lower leagues, Everton Luiz moved to Europe in 2013. He went on to play for Swiss clubs Lugano and St. Gallen, before transferring to Serbian club Partizan in early 2016. In his first full season with the Crno-beli, Everton Luiz collected the double.
In early 2018, Everton Luiz moved to Italy to join Serie A club SPAL. He was sent out on loan to Major League Soccer team Real Salt Lake a year later, before signing a permanent deal with them ahead of the 2020 season.
Career
Early years
Born in Porto Alegre, Everton Luiz started out at his home state club Brasil de Farroupilha. He subsequently went to Caxias do Sul, before switching to Náutico. In 2007, Everton Luiz signed with Ponte Preta, eventually finishing his formation in the club's youth setup. He made his senior debut for the club in the Campeonato Paulista, before signing with Palmeiras in April 2009, on a four-year deal. In February 2010, Everton Luiz was loaned to Marília, representing the club in the second level of the São Paulo state league. He also played for Marília in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, making seven appearances and scoring once.
In 2011, after playing for Palmeiras' B team, Everton Luiz had a brief spell with Bragantino, but failed to make any appearances. He eventually signed with CRB in early 2012. Immediately upon arrival, Everton Luiz became one of the club's key players, helping CRB win the Campeonato Alagoano. He was also named in the competition's team of the year. In June 2012, Everton Luiz joined Mexican club San Luis. He made 10 appearances in the Torneo Apertura, before leaving the club. In January 2013, Everton Luiz was loaned to Criciúma. He subsequently returned to CRB in March 2013. After returning from loan, Everton Luiz helped his team win another Alagoas state league title, being named in the competition's best eleven for the second year in a row.
Lugano and St. Gallen
In the summer of 2013, Everton Luiz moved to Swiss club Lugano. He made his official debut for the club in a 2–1 home league win over Wil on 13 July 2013. In the following fixture, Everton Luiz scored his first goal for Lugano, netting the opener in his team's 4–2 away victory over Schaffhausen. He scored a total of three goals from 28 appearances in the Swiss Challenge League, as the club finished in second place.
In June 2014, Everton Luiz switched to St. Gallen, penning a three-year deal. After initially playing for their reserve team in the Swiss Promotion League, Everton Luiz made his Swiss Super League debut on 24 September 2014, playing the full 90 minutes in a 3–0 victory over Grasshoppers, eventually becoming a regular member of the first team. He collected 24 league appearances in the 2014–15 season, receiving two red cards in the process.
Partizan
2015–16 season
On 6 January 2016, Everton Luiz was transferred to Serbian club Partizan. He signed a two-and-a-half-year contract and was given the number 25 shirt. On 27 February, Everton Luiz made his official debut for the club in a 2–1 home loss in the Belgrade derby, receiving a yellow card early into the match. He sustained a knee injury in his second appearance for Partizan, a 1–0 away victory at Radnički Niš, which eventually kept him out of action for more than a month. On 10 April, Everton Luiz returned to the pitch in a 4–0 home league win over Mladost Lučani, playing the whole game. He netted his first goal for the club in his second Belgrade derby on 16 April, scoring an injury-time equalizer from more than 30 meters out through the goalkeeper's hands. After celebrating his goal, Everton Luiz was sent off for provoking the opponent's fans. He subsequently helped Partizan win the 2015–16 Serbian Cup, playing the full 90 minutes and earning a yellow card in the final match, a 2–0 win over Javor Ivanjica.
2016–17 season
In July 2016, Everton Luiz recorded his debuts in UEFA competitions, playing the full 90 minutes in two goalless draws against Zagłębie Lubin in the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League second qualifying round, as Partizan were eliminated after a penalty shoot-out. He scored his first goal of the season in a 3–0 away league victory over Voždovac on 15 October. In his first full campaign with Partizan, Everton Luiz helped the club win the double. He was also named in the league's best eleven due to his solid performances in the process.
2017–18 season
In late May 2017, following a successful season for Partizan, the club's director of football Ivica Iliev confirmed that Everton Luiz would be offered a new deal. However, no agreement was reached and the player entered the final year of his contract.
On 20 September 2017, Everton Luiz scored an injury-time goal to give Partizan a 1–1 draw versus Napredak Kruševac. He also appeared in all six of his team's games in the Europa League, as the side reached the knockout stage after 13 years.
SPAL
On 19 January 2018, Everton Luiz officially joined Italian club SPAL, penning a deal until the summer of 2020 with an option for another year. He made his Serie A debut on 10 February 2018, playing the first 55 minutes in an eventual 4–0 home loss to Milan. By the end of the season, Everton Luiz appeared in 10 more league games, helping the side avoid relegation.
Real Salt Lake
In January 2019, Everton Luiz was loaned to Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake until the end of the year with an option to buy.
In December 2019, Real Salt Lake exercised their option to buy Everton Luiz ahead of the 2020 season.
Return to Europe
In July 2022, Everton Luiz was transferred to Belgian club Beveren.
Career statistics
Honours
CRB
Campeonato Alagoano: 2012, 2013
Partizan
Serbian SuperLiga: 2016–17
Serbian Cup: 2015–16, 2016–17
Individual
Campeonato Alagoano Team of the Year: 2012, 2013
Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Season: 2016–17
References
External links
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Association football midfielders
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Clube Atlético Bragantino players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
FC Lugano players
FC St. Gallen players
FK Partizan players
Liga MX players
Major League Soccer players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Real Salt Lake players
San Luis F.C. players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serie A players
S.K. Beveren players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
S.P.A.L. players
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
Swiss Challenge League players
Swiss Super League players
1988 births
Living people
The Mănăstirea is a left tributary of the river Gârboveta in Romania. It flows into the Gârboveta in Dagâța. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Esteban Gabriel Merino (died 1535) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography
Merino was born in Santisteban del Puerto, ca. 1472, the son of Alonso Merino and Mayor de Amorcuende, a family of the lowest condition. His father died when he was very young. He went to Rome with a priest who was a family friend.
He entered the household of Cardinal Ascanio Sforza, initially occupying minor positions. He later joined the ecclesiastical estate after obtaining a dispensation from Pope Alexander VI for having caused the death of a cleric while playing with a sword. In spring 1500, during the Italian War of 1499–1504, he was in Lombardy with Cardinal Sforza during the French invasion. He ended up in prison in Bourges with Cardinal Sforza; while there, he learned French. He was freed on January 3, 1502, then traveled to Rome to act as Cardinal Sforza's procurator for dealing with the Fugger Bank. He was a conclavist for Cardinal Sforza at the papal conclave of September 1503 that elected Pope Pius III and at the papal conclave of October 1503 that elected Pope Julius II. He became the cardinal's secretary around this time. In 1504, he was made a protonotary apostolic.
Following Cardinal Sforza's death on May 28, 1505, he received the patronage of Cardinal Francesco Alidosi and of Pope Julius II who sent him in August 1506 to the Republic of Florence to seek military assistance against Bologna. He was present at Nepi along with Cardinals Alidosi and Francesco Soderini for the meeting of Pope Julius II with the Florentine envoy, Niccolò Machiavelli. A month later, the pope despatched him to meet with Ferdinand II of Aragon. The pope then made him canon and archdeacon of Baeza, and made him his chamberlain and nuncio. In July 1507, he again met Ferdinand II of Aragon and negotiated the League of Cambrai against the Republic of Venice. In summer 1509, he accompanied Cardinal Alidosi on a diplomatic mission to Louis XII of France in Milan, and then accompanied Cardinal Alidosi on his legation to Bologna. Returning to Rome, he had a letter addressed from Cardinal Alidosi to the Apostolic Dataria, dated February 24, 1511, that secured for Merino the post of apostolic scriptor.
After the death of Cardinal Alidosi and Pope Julius II, he entered the service of Cardinal Marco Cornaro. He was Cardinal Cornaro's conclavist at the papal conclave of 1513 that elected Pope Leo X. The new pope took Merino into the papal household and tried (unsuccessfully) to make him Bishop of Leiden.
On the pope's initiative, he was elected Archbishop of Bari on May 9, 1513, while retaining the office of apostolic scriptor. He attended all meetings of the Fifth Council of the Lateran (1512–17) following his elevation to the episcopate. On May 1, 1514, he was named palatine count. He generally ruled the archdiocese of Bari through a vicar general, Luis de Mexia, visiting the archdiocese for the first time on May 1, 1514.
Towards the end of 1514, he was ordained as a priest and then consecrated as a bishop.
On December 17, 1516, he was named Bishop of León, while retaining the archdiocese of Bari. He occupied the see until June 12, 1523.
In 1517, Merino helped broker a deal with the pope's enemy Cardinal Alfonso Petrucci. He was also instrumental in rallying Siena to the papal cause during the War of Urbino.
In March 1520, he left for a visit of the Diocese of León, thus beginning an unplanned 13-year absence from the papal court. During the Revolt of the Comuneros, he successfully kept León loyal to Charles I of Spain. He also played a role in maintaining the loyalty of Murcia, Úbeda and Baeza.
In 1522, he was nuncio to Francis I of France, with orders to travel to the Kingdom of England if necessary. His mission was initially to negotiate peace between Francis I of France and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor. He later accompanied Pope Adrian VI on his trip from Vitoria to Tortosa.
On June 12, 1523, Charles I of Spain named him Bishop of Jaén, with permission to retain the see of Bari (which he did until September 2, 1530). During the Italian War of 1521–1526, Pope Adrian VI in 1523 allied with imperial forces when threatened with another French invasion.
After Pope Adrian VI died on September 14, 1523, Merino's nunciature ended and he passed into the service of the Holy Roman Emperor. From November 1523 to May 1524, he was the principal negotiator between Charles V and Francis I. In 1526, the emperor admitted the archbishop to his Council of State. He was later named supplier general of the armada that was designed to take the emperor to Italy. He left Barcelona with the emperor on August 2, 1529, disembarking in Genoa ten days later. On October 8, 1529, he was named imperial ambassador to the Holy See, with orders to speed the imperial coronation, prepare Italy for Spanish invasion, and to obtain support for Ferdinand of Austria in his fight against the Ottoman Empire. On November 5, 1529, he entered Bologna with the emperor, where the coronation took place on February 24, 1530. In March 1530, he accompanied the emperor to Germany.
On September 2, 1530, he was named Patriarch of the West Indies. He spent much of 1531 ill with dropsy. In spring 1532, he settled with the imperial court at Regensburg, the headquarters of forces arrayed against the Ottoman Empire; he was the general supplier of the enterprise. During the second interview with Pope Clement VII at Bologna, he was one of three ministers tasked with dealing with the religious situation in Germany, along with Cardinals Alessandro Farnese, and Paolo Emilio Cesi.
At the request of the emperor, Pope Clement VII made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of February 21, 1533. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Vitale on March 3, 1533.
He generally represented Spanish interests in the College of Cardinals, replacing Cardinal García de Loaysa, who had returned to Spain. In that capacity, his main goals were: (1) preventing the divorce of Henry VIII of England and Catherine of Aragon; and (2) impeding the meeting of Pope Clement VII and Francis I of France for the wedding of Henry, Duke of Orléans and Catherine de' Medici. He succeeded in the first but failed in the second task. He also failed in his ambition to become Archbishop of Toledo or pope.
On September 5, 1534, he opted for the titular church of Santi Giovanni e Paolo. He participated in the papal conclave of 1534 that elected Pope Paul III.
He was named Bishop of Gaeta on February 17, 1535, and administrator of the see of Bovino on April 15, 1535.
He died in Rome, at his palace in piazza di Pasquino, on July 28, 1535. He was initially buried in Nostra Signora del Sacro Cuore. His remains were later transferred to Santa Maria in Monserrato degli Spagnoli.
References
External links
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
1535 deaths
16th-century Spanish cardinals
Year of birth unknown
The 1993 World Sambo Championships were held in Kstovo, Russia on 1993. Championships were organized by FIAS.
Medals
External links
Results on Sambo.net.ua
World Sambo Championships
Cerioporus squamosus aka Polyporus squamosus is a basidiomycete bracket fungus, with common names including dryad's saddle and pheasant's back mushroom. It has a widespread distribution, being found in North America, Australia, Asia, and Europe, where it causes a white rot in the heartwood of living and dead hardwood trees. The name "dryad's saddle" refers to creatures in Greek mythology called dryads who could conceivably fit and ride on this mushroom, whereas the pheasant's back analogy derives from the pattern of colors on the bracket matching that of a pheasant's back.
Etymology
Squamosus comes from the Latin squamosus meaning covered with scales or scaly, referring to the signature dark brown scales found on the mushroom's cap.
Taxonomy
The species was first described scientifically by British botanist William Hudson in 1778, who named it Boletus squamosus. It was given its current name in 1886 by Quélet but is still widely known by the Friesian name "Polyporus squamosus".
Description
Dryad's Saddle is an annual mushroom commonly found attached to dead logs and stumps or on living hardwood trees at one point with a thick stem. Generally, the fruit body is round and between across and up to thick. The body can be yellow to brown and has "squamules" or scales on its upper side. On the underside one can see the pores that are characteristic of the genus Cerioporus; they are made up of tubes packed together closely. The tubes are between long. The stalk is thick and short, up to long. The fruit body will produce a white spore print if laid onto a sheet of paper. The spores are 11-15 x 4-5 µm and are long and smooth ellipsoids. They can be found alone, in clusters of two or three, or forming shelves. Young specimens are soft but toughen with age. It is particularly common on dead elm and is also found on living maple trees.
Distribution and habitat
This organism is common and widespread, being found east of the Rocky Mountains in the United States and over much of Europe. It is also found in Australia and Asia. It commonly fruits in the spring, occasionally during autumn, and rarely during other seasons. Many mushroom hunters will stumble upon this when looking for morels during the spring as both have similar fruiting times, and this fungus can grow to a noticeable size of up to across. It plays an important role in woodland ecosystems by decomposing wood, usually elm, silver maple, or box elder but is occasionally a parasite on living trees. Other tree hosts include ash, beech, horse chestnut, Persian walnut, lime, maple, planetree, poplar, magnolia, and willow.
Edibility and uses
Edible when young. They can become infested with maggots and become firm, rubbery and inedible as they mature. Cookbooks dealing with preparation generally recommend gathering these while young, slicing them into small pieces and cooking them over a low heat. Some people value the thick, stiff paper that can be made from this and many other mushrooms of the genus Cerioporus. The mushroom's smell resembles watermelon rind. Polyporus squamosus has a mild nutty flavour.
Gallery
References
External links
Mushroom-Collecting.com: Polyporus squamosus – Dryad's Saddle
Mushroom-Collecting.com: Dryad's Saddle, Pheasant Back Mushroom, Hawks Wing (Polyporus squamosus)
squamosus
Edible fungi
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Taxa named by William Hudson (botanist)
Ginny Rorby (born 9 August 1944) is an American young adult novelist. She was raised in Winter Park, Florida and lived in Miami during her career as a Pan American flight attendant. She studied biology at the University of Miami and went on to receive an M.F.A. in creative writing from Florida International University. She was co-director of the Mendocino Coast Writers Conference (www.mcwc.org) for eight years. She lives in northern California.
Works
Dolphin Sky (G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1996)
Hurt Go Happy (Starscape, 2006) was chosen as one of the top 100 books to read and share by the New York Public Library in 2007 for its wonderful description of a deaf young teen who befriends a chimpanzee that signs.
The Outside of a Horse (Dial Penguin, 2010)
Lost in the River of Grass (Lerner Books, 2011)
How to Speak Dolphin (Scholastic Press, 2017)
Freeing Finch (Tom Doherty Associates, 2019)
External links
Ginny Rorby's Website
Mendocino Coast Writers Conference
FIU Creative Writing Program
1944 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
Florida International University alumni
University of Miami alumni
Writers from Miami
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Flight attendants
Novelists from Florida
The Canon de 75 mm modèle 1924 was a French naval anti-aircraft gun designed after World War I. It served aboard battleships, cruisers and destroyers during World War II. In Polish service it was known as the 75 mm Armata przeciwlotnicza wz.1922/1924. In German service it was known as the 7.5 cm Flak M.22-24(f) and was used to arm Germany's Atlantic Wall fortifications.
Naval Service
Ship classes that carried the Canon de 75 mm modèle 1924 include:
Bretagne-class
Chacal-class
Duguay-Trouin-class
Duquesne-class
References
Bibliography
External links
French 75 mm/50 (2.95") Model 1922, 1924 and 1927
World War II naval weapons
Naval guns of France
75 mm artillery
Malaysia's independence in 1957 was a catalyst for growth. As the nation took charge of managing its own affairs, it continued to develop the goals and means necessary for a financial structure conducive to the economic growth observed today. Critical to the transition of Malaysia from a low-income country to one of high-income status has been the expansion of its economy. From a commodity and agricultural-based economy, the Southeast Asian nation is transitioning to a leading exporter of more complex goods. As the nation opens up to trade and investment, the World Bank and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and International Development Association (IDA) continue to assist with its development.
History with the World Bank
Malaysia joined the World Bank following its independence on March 7, 1958, following a resolution to first join the International Monetary Fund. The World Bank continues to identify areas of growth necessary for the Malaysian economy. It cites a need for reduce poverty, income inequalities. Although the growth of the Malaysian economy has been significant, it still trails relative to regional and national competitors of a similar nature. Many of Malaysia's loans from the World Bank have been concerned with infrastructure development relating to energy security and trade. As such, its first pivotal project was the creation of a hydroelectric power station and dam. Successive projects included funding allocating to the development of ports, roads, in tandem with the Ministry of Finance in Malaysia.
First Power Project for Malaysia
Malaysia received its first loan from the IBRD in 1958. The proposed loan expected the IBRD to provide 70% of financing, or around US$51.2 million. These funds were commissioned for the Cameron Highlands District, approximately 100 miles of Kuala Lumpur, as a part of a comprehensive plan to develop energy infrastructure. The hydroelectric power station created as a result of the loan channeled the several local waterways that flowed through the plateau-region. Project completion resulted in diversion tactics, new power stations, and a concrete damn. The project represented the needs greater power demand in the state.
1990s
Throughout the 1990s Malaysia continued to receive World Bank loans meant to assist the state's development and diversify the growth of its predominantly agricultural and commodity-based economy. Following its receipt and use of IBRD loans, Malaysia chooses to seek relations via a reimbursable advisory services framework (RAS). Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy as a member of the IDA.
Asian Financial Crisis
Although Malaysia was afflicted by the 1997 Asian financial crisis, its economy bounced back with an average growth rate of 5.4% and is on a current upward trajectory. Malaysia's resilience to the financial crises and successive growth was attributed to the presence of well established foreign banks, among these HSBC and Standard Chartered. The presence of foreign banks allowed the state to develop comprehensive data sets regarding the local economy, to the benefit of Malaysian domestic banks. In tandem with the success of Malaysia post-crisis was the growth of physical capital stock. Policies in Malaysia continued to facilitate the flow of foreign direct investment and improved import relations with foreign states.
The World Bank Group Inclusive Growth and Sustainable Finance Hub
The World Bank Group Inclusive Growth and Sustainable Finance Hub in Kuala Lumpur anchors the WBG's presence. The Hub was established in 2016 and represents the first organization of its kind. Its focus is to disseminate knowledge Malaysians and regional neighbors can use to improve socioeconomic productivity. Creation of the office was underpinned by the sentiment that increasing the access to important information in the region would lead to greater economic growth. The organization works to share keys to Malaysia success with emerging and developing markets transitioning from poverty, to propagate development policy research in tandem with other research institutions and to guide Malaysia rise to a high-income economy. Costs of the Hub were agreed to be financed by Malaysian government over the course of a five year-term. The Hub is in its second term of its agreement. The Hub works in tandem with the Development Economics (DEC) Research Group and Indicators Group, also a part of the WBG.
The role of the Hub is information specific. It is meant to use information flow from external actors and its RASs along with information it sends out to understand labor market policy and public spending influences. The RASs are pivotal in providing infrastructure, transportation and public spending data.
New Financial Instruments
The creation of the green sukuk, or green Islamic bond, is an innovation catalyzed by the World Bank. The bond has identified as a Climate Finance tool for cities and low-carbon infrastructure projects meant to stimulate private sector investment. This innovation was particular significant given that green bonds appeal to both private and public sector actors. Green bonds are typically created to generate sustainable investment and as a prerequisite, projects must also be green. These bonds will typically incentivize the relevant stakeholders to utilize them, in contrast with use of regular bonds that my not offer the same lending terms. The creation of the sukuk expects to build on the growth of sustainable investment asset use in Malaysia and It's near abroad.
Addressing Poverty
Less than 1% of the nation exists at extreme poverty. In addressing the state of poverty in Malaysia, the government has turned to the lower 40% tier who remain vulnerable to economic disturbance. Knowledge developed from the Hub is meant to address key concerns in these areas. Past studies map the ability of Malaysia's poor to transition to higher-income status. The New Economic Policy in Malaysia presented strategies meant to address economic growth. As a result, the poverty rate fell from 52.4% in 1970 to 3.8% in 2009. Malaysia seeks to address poverty at the micro-level and has produced a New Economic Model and framework in the Tenth Malaysia and Eleventh Malaysia Plans to address this.
References
Economy of Malaysia
World Bank Group relations
CX 32 Radiomundo is a Uruguayan Spanish-language AM radio station that broadcasts from Montevideo.
In March 2018, the station was relaunched with a mixture of news, interviews, arts and music.
Selected programs
En Perspectiva, led by Emiliano Cotelo
References
External links
Radiomundo / En Perspectiva official website
Radiomundo at Facebook
Spanish-language radio stations
Radio in Uruguay
Mass media in Montevideo
Radio stations established in 1978
1978 establishments in Uruguay
The 12th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards are the 12th edition of the Interactive Achievement Awards, an annual awards event that honors the best games in the video game industry. The awards are arranged by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences (AIAS), and were held at the Red Rock Casino, Resort & Spa in Las Vegas, Nevada on . It was also held as part of the Academy's 2009 D.I.C.E. Summit, and was hosted by Jay Mohr.
LittleBigPlanet received the most nominations and won the most awards, including Overall Game of the Year. Sony Computer Entertainment published the nominees and award winners.
Bruce Shelley received the of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame Award.
Winners and Nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().
Special Awards
Hall of Fame
Bruce Shelley
Games with multiple nominations and awards
The following 28 games received multiple nominations:
The following four games received multiple awards:
Companies with multiple nominations
Companies that received multiple nominations as either a developer or a publisher.
Companies that received multiple awards as either a developer or a publisher.
External links
References
2009 awards
2009 awards in the United States
February 2009 events in the United States
2008 in video gaming
D.I.C.E. Award ceremonies
Corinth is an unincorporated community located in the town of Johnson, Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Marathon County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
The Mayor of South Yorkshire is a combined authority mayor, first elected in May 2018, who chairs the South Yorkshire Mayoral Combined Authority. The office is currently held by Oliver Coppard.
The office was created under the Cities and Local Government Devolution Act 2016 which allowed for the creation of 'Metro mayors' to lead combined authorities in England. Between 2018 and September 2021, the office was known as the "Mayor of the Sheffield City Region".
List of mayors
References
Sheffield
Directly elected mayors in England and Wales
The romance (the term is Spanish, and is pronounced accordingly: ) is a metrical form used in Spanish poetry. It consists of an indefinite series (tirada) of verses, in which the even-numbered lines have a near-rhyme (assonance) and the odd lines are unrhymed. The lines are octosyllabic (eight syllables to a line); a similar but far less common form is hexasyllabic (six syllables to a line) and is known in Spanish as romancillo (a diminutive of romance); that, or any other form of less than eight syllables may also be referred to as romance corto ("short romance"). A similar form in alexandrines (12 syllables) also exists, but was traditionally used in Spanish only for learned poetry (mester de clerecía).
Poems in the romance form may be as few as ten verses long, and may extend to over 1,000 verses. They may constitute either epics or erudite romances juglarescos (from the Spanish word whose modern meaning is "juggler"; compare the French jongleur, which can also refer to a minstrel as well as a juggler). The epic forms trace back to the cantares de gesta (the Spanish equivalent of the French chansons de geste) and the lyric forms to the Provençal pastorela.
In the Spanish Golden Age, however, which is when the term came into wide use, romance was not understood to be a metrical form, but a type of narration, that could be written in various metrical forms. The first published collection of romances, Martín Nucio's Cancionero de romances (about 1547), was, according to Nucio's prologue, published not as poetry, but as a collection of historical source materials. Despite a considerable amount of poetic theory and history published during that period, there is no reference to romance as a term of meter prior to the nineteenth century. It did not mean an 8-syllable meter.
Notes
Spanish poetry
Padre Burgos, officially the Municipality of Padre Burgos (), is a 4th class municipality in the province of Quezon, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 23,488 people.
It is located on the Bondoc Peninsula just east of Lucena City, the provincial capital, and named after José Burgos. It is bounded on the north by Atimonan, on the west and north-west by Pagbilao, on the east by Agdangan, and on the south by the Tayabas Bay.
The town is notable for its unspoiled beaches and the Tulay Buhangin (Tagalog for "sand bridge"). All the population are of Tagalog descent. The economy is primarily based on coconut husking and farming. Local tourism is also on the rise.
History
Padre Burgos was formerly known as Laguimanoc due to the shape of the coastline which resembles the bill of a chicken or “manok”. Another version is that chickens were so abundant in the town that hawks swept down on the place to snatch chicks from their mothers. When hawks flew overhead, as warning to their neighborhood, people shouted “Hawk Manok” or “Lawin-Manok”.
On January 1, 1917, the village of Laguimanoc, which was formerly a barrio of Atimonan, became a municipality. On December 3, 1927, the town's name was changed to Padre Burgos by virtue of Act No. 3389, in honor of one of the country's martyrs, Fr. Jose Burgos. The streets were named after local leaders who rendered valuable services to the community. Because of the physical and topographic conditions of the town, four sitios where clusters of houses were become the main district of the town, namely: Campo, Burgos, Basiao and Bundok-Punta. The community converged to be in this particular spot because of its sea which made this town as port of Laguimanoc. In the early days this port offered a good wharf for vessels plying between Manila and southern Luzon. This was also a port of call for ships exporting lumber to Europe during the Spanish regime. In this town was the residence of the “Alcalde Mar” or Port Officer.
Business and other industries prospered and people conglomerated in this spot. Spots of the historical interest are the wharf symbol of commercial progress, the old church with the old-fashioned “canyon” markers of the people's religious faith, the Bag Cement Slabs and Stone quarries mute testimonies of the effervescent power and grandeur of the early foreign settlers, the hills near the railroad station where the Japanese tortured and massacred civilians in the barrios of Marao and Polo where the Hunter's guerillas built their camps.
Geography
Barangays
Padre Burgos is administratively divided into 22 barangays.
Climate
Demographics
Economy
Culture
In popular culture
This island was also set from the movie Alkitrang Dugo in 1975.
Laguimanoc festival
A festival celebrated every February 17 annually. This feast explains the history of the municipality. Laguimanoc was the former name of the municipality before it was renamed to Padre Burgos.
Notes
References
External links
Padre Burgos Profile at PhilAtlas.com
[ Philippine Standard Geographic Code]
Philippine Census Information
Local Governance Performance Management System
Municipalities of Quezon
No One Is Alone may refer to:
"No One Is Alone" (Desperate Housewives), an episode of Desperate Housewives
"No One Is Alone" (song), from the Stephen Sondheim musical Into the Woods
No One Is Alone, a 2006 album by Glenn Yarbrough
No One Is Alone, a 2007 album by Barbara Cook
No One Is Alone, a 1996 album by Laurie Beechman
Distance and Time is the third album of original studio material from British musician Fink. It was released on 1 October 2007 on the Ninja Tune independent record label.
The track "Make It Good" is a variation on a song that Fink appeared in, "If You Stayed Over", which was released on the album Days to Come by British musician Bonobo.
Track listing
"Trouble's What You're In" - 4:27
"This Is the Thing" - 4:33
"If Only" - 4:22
"Blueberry Pancakes" - 4:22
"Get Your Share" - 3:18
"Under the Same Stars" - 4:10
"So Many Roads" - 4:04
"Make It Good" - 3:37
"Little Blue Mailbox" - 4:10
References
External links
2007 albums
Fink (singer) albums
Ulrich Wickert (born 2 December 1942) is a German journalist. He is one of the best-known broadcasters in Germany.
Early life
Born in Tokyo, Japan, Wickert grew up in Heidelberg and Paris as a result of his father Erwin Wickert being employed with NATO as a German diplomat. In the 1960s, he studied law and political sciences at the University of Bonn. In 1962, he spent a year at Wesleyan University on a Fulbright scholarship.
After passing the first level of German bar exams in 1968, he started working as freelance radio producer for ARD, becoming a full-time editor there a short time later.
Career
Between 1969 and 1977, Wickert was an editor for Monitor, a political affairs program produced by the WDR network. He was deployed as a correspondent for every French presidential election between 1969 and 1978. In 1978 he was made French correspondent and transferred to the Paris bureau of the ARD.
In 1981, he founded the discussion group "Journalists for Public Broadcasting"; in that same year he became chief correspondent of the ARD bureau in New York. In 1984 he became chief correspondent of the Paris ARD bureau.
From July 1991 to August 2006 he was chief anchor for tagesthemen, in alternation with Sabine Christiansen (1991–1997), Gabi Bauer (1997–2001) and Anne Will (2001–2006). On 11 April 2004 he announced that he would not seek a renewal of his contract, which expired in 2006. On 1 September 2006 Wickert was succeeded by Washington D.C. bureau chief Tom Buhrow.
He was elevated to the French Légion d'honneur in 2005 for his service to French-German relations.
Wickert is in his third marriage, to Julia Jäkel, CEO of the publishing house Gruner + Jahr. He is the uncle of actress Emily Wood.
References
External links
Interview with Ulrich Wickert: "Bunt und locker flockig reicht nicht" (in German, by sbznet.de)
1942 births
Living people
German male journalists
German television reporters and correspondents
German broadcast news analysts
20th-century German journalists
21st-century German journalists
University of Bonn alumni
Wesleyan University alumni
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
ARD (broadcaster) people
Westdeutscher Rundfunk people
Geraldine Laybourne (née Bond; born May 19, 1947) is an American entrepreneur and former TV executive. She worked at Nickelodeon from 1980 until 1996, when she became the president of Disney-ABC Cable Networks (including Disney Channel). She is also the co-founder of Oxygen Media and a tech startup called Katapult. In 2020, she was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.
Early life and education
Laybourne was raised in Martinsville, a rural community of about 400 in Bridgewater Township, New Jersey. She is the second of four children, born to a former radio writer/actress and community organizer and a stock broker.
In 1969, Laybourne earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Art History from Vassar College. In 1971, she received a Master of Science degree in Elementary Education from the University of Pennsylvania.
Career
After college, Laybourne had various jobs. From 1969 to 1970, Laybourne worked at Wallace, McHarg, Roberts and Todd, an architecture firm in Philadelphia. From 1972 to 1973, she worked as a teacher at Concord Academy in Concord, Massachusetts. Then from 1974 to 1976, Laybourne worked as a festival coordinator of the New York American Film Festival.
In 1974, she co-founded the Media Center for Children, which she was involved with until 1977. Laybourne said she founded the Media Center for Children because she was concerned about the media her children were watching.
From 1978 to 1980, she was a partner at Early Bird Special Company in New York.
Nickelodeon (1980–1996)
In 1980, Laybourne was hired as a program manager at Nickelodeon, a year-old network, where she initiated the focus-group approach to programming.
Laybourne was one of the first people to focus on television programming for kids. She spent 15 years at Nickelodeon, taking over the management of the network, and started accepting advertising for the network, in 1984.
Laybourne and her team were responsible for creating and building the Nickelodeon brand, launching Nick at Nite and expanding the network by establishing it in other countries, developing theme parks and creating Nickelodeon magazine, movie, toy and publishing divisions.
Under her leadership, Nickelodeon became the top-rated 24-hour cable programming service and won Emmy Awards, Peabody Awards, CableACE Awards and Parents' Choice Awards. The network had a 40% profit margin and explosive growth every year.
Laybourne built Nickelodeon into the first global television network to profit from selling advertising targeted towards children. Her programming approach, which made a point of talking to children as equals, built the tiny cable network, which had only five employees in 1980, into an $8 billion business.
Disney (1996–1998)
Laybourne left Nickelodeon in 1996 to become president of Disney–ABC Cable Networks, guiding the growth and overseeing the programming of the Disney Channel and represented the corporate interests in Lifetime, A&E, E!, and The History Channel. She led the development of two projects that did not come to fruition: ABC 24 Hour News cable channel and ABZ, an innovative education channel. Laybourne played a role in the creation and management of ABC's Saturday morning children's programming schedule, with the successful launch of One Saturday Morning. She's said to have felt stifled by the corporate structure at Disney.
Oxygen Media (1998–2007)
In 1998, Laybourne left Disney and partnered with Oprah Winfrey and Carsey-Werner Productions to create Oxygen Media, a cable TV company dedicated to creating television and Internet programming for women. She also purchased three women-oriented online services from her former MTV boss, Robert W. Pittman.
On February 2, 2000 (a date which plays off the chemical compound of oxygen—O2/O2), the Oxygen Network premiered to 10 million subscribers.
LVMH was an early investor, but left in 2001 when Laybourne changed strategy from being an Internet company to a television company.
Laybourne initially hired 700 people, but scaled down to 250. The company went on to become profitable in 2004. Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen, who invested in three rounds of Oxygen, forced Oxygen's sale in the late 2007 to NBCUniversal for $925 million. At the end of Laybourne's tenure, Oxygen had 270,000 prime-time weekday viewers in 74 million homes.
Mentorship
Laybourne started the mentoring program Global Women's Mentoring Walks, which pairs established and emerging women professionals to engage in mentoring partnerships in communities across the globe.
Personal life
In 1970, Laybourne married Kit Laybourne, a television producer, entrepreneur, author, and educator. They have been residents of Montclair, New Jersey and have two children and four grandchildren.
Her daughter, Emmy Laybourne, is an author of a series of young adult novels called Monument 14 and is an actress who has appeared in Superstar and other films. Her son Sam is a former child actor and an Emmy-nominated writer and producer on shows such as Black-ish, Arrested Development, Cougar Town, The Michael J. Fox Show and Grandfathered with John Stamos.
Boards and memberships
9 Story Media Group, Board Member
Acumen Fund, Advisor
Betaworks, Board Member
Katapult, Chairman of the Board, Co-Founder
Springboard, Advisor
2007–present: Symantec, Board Member; Compensation Committee
1997–present: Vassar College, Board of Trustees; 2010-14: President of the Alumnae/i Association of Vassar College (AAVC); Co-Chair of Vassar Presidential Search Committee
Vital Voices, Advisor
Past positions
2010-2015: Alloy Media + Marketing, Chairman of the Board
Cable Positive, Honorary Chair
2013-2015: Defy Media, Chairman of Board
2008-2012: Electronic Arts
2009-2013: JC Penney
Kindercare
Move.com
National Cable & Telecommunications Association
National Council for Families and Television
New York Women in Film & Television, Advisory Board Member
The White House Project
Honors
Advertising Hall of Fame
Alliance for Women in Media, Genii Award
Annenberg Public Policy Center, Distinguished Lifetime Contribution to Children and Television Award
Broadcasting & Cable Hall of Fame
Cable and Telecommunications Association for Marketing (CTAM), Grand Tam Award
2004: The Cable Center, Hall of Fame
Creative Coalition, Spotlight Award
Entrepreneurs Club, Member
National Academy of Cable Programming, Governor's Award
New York Women in Film & Television, Muse Award
2005: Paley Center for Media, She Made It
Sara Lee Corporation, Frontrunner Award
1999: Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement
1996: The Hollywood Reporter, 50 Most Influential Women in the Entertainment Industry, rank #1
2020: Television Hall of Fame
Time, 25 Most Influential people in America
Women in Cable Award
University of Missouri–Kansas City, Entrepreneur of the Year Award
Women in Communications (New York), Matrix Award for Broadcasting
Works and publications
References
Further reading
– Part 1, Part 2, Part 3
Gross, Jane (April 21, 2000) PUBLIC LIVES; From Childhood TV Fan to Master of Media. New York Times. Section B, Page 2.
External links
Geraldine Laybourne on Twitter
Geraldine Laybourne on Instagram
1947 births
American business executives
Living people
Members of the Vassar College Board of Trustees
Disney executives
Nickelodeon executives
Women television executives
People from Bridgewater Township, New Jersey
People from Montclair, New Jersey
University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Education alumni
Vassar College alumni
The Eastern Maine Railway Company Limited is a U.S. short line railroad owned by the New Brunswick Railway Company, a holding company that is part of "Irving Transportation Services", a division within the industrial conglomerate J.D. Irving Limited.
Together with its sister company New Brunswick Southern Railway , EMRY and NBSR form a continuous main line connecting Saint John, New Brunswick with Brownville Junction, Maine in addition to another of branch lines owned and operated by NBSR in Canada. A sister company Maine Northern Railway operates a separate 258-mile railway system connecting Millinocket, Maine with Van Buren, Maine.
History
EMRY was established as a corporate entity on November 10, 1994 by J.D. Irving Ltd. to purchase the 99.5 mile right of way and physical railway assets of the Canadian Pacific Railway's Mattawamkeag Subdivision rail line within the state of Maine, running from its eastern terminus at the Canada–United States border, this being the midpoint of the Saint Croix-Vanceboro Railway Bridge at Vanceboro, west to Brownville Junction.
Both EMRY and NBSR began operations on January 6, 1995 approximately 1 week after Canadian Pacific Railway abandoned operations of its Canadian Atlantic Railway (CAR) subsidiary on December 31, 1994. In addition to owning the former CPR tracks in Maine, EMRY was an operating entity for the first several months of existence and had running rights over its sister company NBSR's tracks from the International Boundary east to the yard at McAdam, New Brunswick. In spring 1995 Irving Transportation Services consolidated its railway operations as Eastern Maine Railway Company Limited came under NBSR operational control.
Route
EMRY's corporate trackage is a continuation of the NBSR mainline at the International Boundary in Vanceboro, immediately across the St. Croix River from the hamlet of St. Croix. From Vanceboro, EMRY's trackage runs 105 miles west to Brownville Junction with a connection along the way to Pan Am Railways serving southern New England at Mattawamkeag. EMRY connects with the former Central Maine and Quebec Railway at Brownville Junction, which operates part of the north-south former Bangor and Aroostook Railroad trackage in Maine, as well as the continuation of the CPR mainline from Brownville Junction west to Montreal.
The tracks between Vanceboro and Mattawamkeag were built as part of the European and North American Railway which connected Saint John, New Brunswick with Bangor, Maine, opening in 1869. The section west of Mattawamkeag to Brownville Junction was built by the Canadian Pacific Railway as part of its International Railway of Maine subsidiary, opening in 1889 to connect Montreal, Quebec with Saint John; this line made CPR a transcontinental railway system. The E&NA tracks from Bangor to Vanceboro via Mattawamkeag were leased in the 1870s and purchased in the 1950s by the Maine Central Railroad and later purchased in 1974 by CPR.
As a portion of the Bangor and Aroostook line from Millinocket south through Brownville Junction was not part of MM&A's sale of track to the state, EMRY's track is not contiguous to Irving-operated Maine Northern Railway (MNRY). In the Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway bankruptcy auction, EMRY had made a joint bid with Pan-Am's Springfield Terminal Railway for the former MM&A trackage in Maine - a move which could have re-unified the Bangor and Aroostook under Irving's banner. An initial Radio-Canada report that this bid was successful was quickly contradicted by other sources (including the English-language Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the Canadian Press newswire) which indicate all of the former MM&A rails went to Fortress Investment Group subsidiary Railroad Acquisition Holdings. According to a statement from Wayne Power, vice president of J.D. Irving's transportation and logistics division, "In the end, the trustee went forward with a single buyer of the entire MMA railway line. We look forward to working with Fortress Investment Group of New York as they assume operation of the MMA railway."
Operations
Today most locomotives hauling trains that operate over EMRY are owned and carry the reporting marks of NBSR. Some maintenance of way equipment is owned by EMRY but the majority of the company's assets are the physical tracks and right of way from Vanceboro to Brownville Junction, as well as the running rights in New Brunswick to McAdam.
See also
New Brunswick Southern Railway - official website
New Brunswick Southern Railway - unofficial site
References
Maine railroads
New Brunswick railways
Spin-offs of the Canadian Pacific Railway
Companies operating former Canadian Pacific Railway lines
Companies operating former Maine Central Railroad lines
Saloo George is an Indian cinematographer in Malayalam cinema. Saloo George graduated in cinematography from Adyar Film Institute, Chennai, Tamilnadu.
Career
Saalu George graduated in cinematography from Adyar Film Institute, Chennai, Tamilnadu .
Personal life
Saalu George is married to Rekha George, children Joseph George, Abraham George, Cherian George.
Partial filmography
As cinematographer
Banking Hours 10 to 4 (2012)
The Filmstaar (2011)
Aazhakadal (2011)
Sarkar Colony (2011)
Utharaswayamvaram (2009)
Bharya Onnu Makkal Moonnu (2009)
Colours (2009)
Kangaroo (2007)
Kaakki (2007)
Bada Dosth (2006)
Kisan (2006)
Kilukkam Kilukilukkam (2006)
Nerariyan CBI (2005)
Ullam (2005)
December (2005)
Pandippada (2005)
Kochi Rajavu (2005)
Sethurama Iyer CBI (2004)
Sasneham Sumithra (2004)
Chathikkatha Chanthu (2004)
C.I.D. Moosa (2003)
Kuberan (2002)
Snehithan (2002)
Kunjikoonan (2002)
Sundara Purushan (2001)
Ee Parakkum Thalika (2001)
The Guard (2001)
Dhosth (2014)
Nagaravadhu (2001)
Mimics 2000 (2000)
Thenkasipattanam (2000)
Sathyameva Jayathe (2001)
Daivathinte Makan (2000)
Mark Antony (2000)
Thachiledathu Chundan (1999)
Aalibabayum Aarara Kallanmarum (1998)
Achaammakkuttiyude Achaayan (1998)
Janathipathyam (1997)
Masmaram (1997)
Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan (1996)
Manthrika Kuthira (1996)
Swarna Kireedam (1996)
Maanthrikam (1995)
Mangalyasootram (1995)
Kusruthikaatu (1995)
Bharya (1994)
Pradakshinam (1994)
Kambolam (1994)
Dollar (1994)
Varaphalam (1994)
Thalamura (1993)
City Police (1997)
Kaazhchakkappuram (1992)
Poochakkaru Mani Kettum (1992)
Champakulam Thachan (1992)
Ennodu Ishtam Koodamo (1992)
Ezhara Ponnana (1992)
Oru Kochu Bhoomikulukkam (1992)
Kasarkode Khaderbai (1992)
Aayushkalam (1992)
Cheppukilukkana Changathi (1991)
Ulladakkam (1991)
Mimics Parade (1991)
Vishnulokam (1991)
Sandhwanam (1991)
Nettippattam (1991)
Pavam Pavam Rajakumaran (1990)
Thoovalsparsham (1990)
Saandhram (1990)
Shubhayathra (1990)
Pradeshika Varthakal (1989)
Varnam (1989)
Paadha Mudra (1988)
Thaniyavarthanam (1987)
Ambadi Thannilorunni (1986)
Nulli Novikkathe (1985)
Jalarekha (1981)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cinematographers from Kerala
Film and Television Institute of India alumni
Malayalam film cinematographers
20th-century Indian photographers
21st-century Indian photographers
Verizon Communications v. Law Offices of Curtis V. Trinko, LLP, often shortened to Verizon v. Trinko, 540 U.S. 398 (2004), is a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in the field of Antitrust law. It held that the Telecommunications Act of 1996 had not modified the framework of the Sherman Act, preserving claims that satisfy established antitrust standards without creating new claims that go beyond those standards. It also refused to extend the essential facilities doctrine beyond the facts of the Aspen Skiing Co. v. Aspen Highlands Skiing Corp. case.
See also
Verizon Communications Inc. v. FCC I
Verizon Communications Inc. v. FCC II
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 540
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States antitrust case law
United States communications regulation case law
2004 in United States case law
Verizon Communications litigation
Kosta Angeli Radovani (6 October 1916 – 27 February 2002) was a Croatian sculptor and member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
After World War II he was one of the founders of the Zagreb Academy of Applied Arts in 1950 where he was the head of the department of sculpture until the academy closed in 1955. From 1977 until his retirement in 1987 he worked as a professor at the Department of Sculpture at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Sarajevo. He was a guest professor at the International Summer Academy in Salzburg in 1987, 1988 and 1991.
In his artistic work, he primarily dealt with the human figure, and his oeuvre contains many nudes and portraits. He made over 30 large-scale public sculptures, such as the one dedicated to the Drežnica Uprising (1949), a monument dedicated to the Zagreb victims who died in NOB Dotrščina, Zagreb (1988–1991) and the monument dedicated to Franjo Bučar located on the Sports Square, Zagreb (1991). A series of some 20 female nudes entitled Dunje are considered to hold an important place in his oeuvre. Radovani also made small sculptures and medals and his opus contains 400 portraits and almost the same number of portrait medals, as well as over 800 small sculptures.
Radovani exhibited at many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad (Athens, Prague, Tunis, Salzburg, Pordenone), and participated in more than 600 group exhibitions, 50 of which were of international significance. In 1950 he participated at the Venice Biennale along with Vanja Radauš, Vojin Bakić and Zoran Mušič. In 1973 he had a retrospective exhibition at the Modern Gallery in Zagreb, on which occasion a monograph was published to mark 40 years of his work. He received many awards for his work and in 1987 he received the Vladimir Nazor Award for life achievement.
Works published on Kosta Angeli Radovani
Dragojević, Danijel - Kosta Angeli Radovani, (Mala likovna biblioteka sv XIX, Naprijed, Zagreb, 1961).
Maleković, Vladimir - Kosta Angeli Radovani, (Modern Gallery, Zagreb and the Graphic Institute of Croatia, 1973).
Maleković, Vladimir - Kosta Angeli Radovani, (Modern Art Gallery, Zagreb and the Graphic Institute of Croatia, 1981).
Zidić, Igor - Kosta Angeli Radovani, (Naprijed, 1989).
Banov, Ive Šimat & Maroevic, Tonko - Kosta Angeli Radovani, (HDLU, Zagreb, 1999).
See also
Croats of Italy
References
1916 births
2002 deaths
Members of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Vladimir Nazor Award winners
20th-century Croatian sculptors
Lincoln County is a county located in south-central Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,275. Its county seat is Stanford. Lincoln County is part of the Danville, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Lincoln County—originally Lincoln County, Virginia—was established by the Virginia General Assembly in June 1780, and named in honor of Revolutionary War general Benjamin Lincoln. It was one of three counties formed out of Virginia's Kentucky County (The other two were Fayette and Jefferson), and is one of Kentucky's nine original counties.
The county's original seat was at Harrodsburg; but in 1785, Lincoln County was partitioned, and Harrodsburg became the seat of the new Mercer County. Afterward, Stanford became Lincoln County's permanent seat.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Lincoln County is located in south-central Kentucky astride the southern part of the ring of Knobs, which separate the Bluegrass region from the Eastern Pennyroyal Plateau, the Lincoln County part of which includes the source and headwaters of the Green River. It is considered part of the Appalachia region of Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Boyle County (northwest)
Garrard County (northeast)
Rockcastle County (east)
Pulaski County (south)
Casey County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,361 people, 9,206 households, and 6,729 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,127 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.2% White, 2.53% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 0.38% from other races, and 0.72% from two or more races. 0.89% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,206 households, out of which 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.60% were married couples living together, 10.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.90% were non-families. 23.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.95.
By age, 25.70% of the population was under 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 29.80% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% were 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,833, and the median income for a family was $32,284. Males had a median income of $26,395 versus $20,517 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,602. About 16.40% of families and 21.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.10% of those under age 18 and 22.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Lincoln County has been reliably Republican for several decades now, last voting for a Democratic candidate for President in 1976. In 2020, Donald Trump won the highest share of the vote ever for a presidential candidate in the county, garnering 77.8% of the vote.
Communities
Cities
Crab Orchard
Eubank (mostly in Pulaski County)
Hustonville
McKinney, Kentucky
Stanford (county seat)
Waynesburg, Kentucky
Census-designated place
McKinney
Other unincorporated places
Kings Mountain
Waynesburg
Highland
Preachersville
Moreland
Ottenheim
Halls Gap
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Kentucky
References
External links
Lincoln County Kentucky Web Site
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
Danville, Kentucky micropolitan area
1780 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1780
Former counties of Virginia
A Good Ground is the second LP released by Oxford Collapse. It was originally released on Kanine Records, but has since been made available by Sub Pop.
Track listing
"Empty Fields" – 1:10
"Prop Cars" – 3:01
"Last American Virgin" – 3:06
"The Boys Go Home" – 4:06
"Dusty Horses Practice" – 3:45
"Cracks in the Causeway" – 3:58
"Flora Y Fauna" – 1:33
"Proofreading" – 3:53
"Flaws" – 3:57
"No Great Shakes" – 3:14
"Volunteers" – 2:34
"Keep 'Em in a Canyon" – 5:00
References
Kanine Records artist page
Sub Pop album page
Oxford Collapse official website
2005 albums
Oxford Collapse albums
Kanine Records albums
Tom Christopher Elliott (born 21 November 1991) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Elliott was born at Epsom in November 1991. He was educated at Tonbridge School, before going up to Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, he played first-class cricket for both Cambridge University and Cambridge MCCU from 2012 to 2014. He made five appearances for Cambridge MCCU and three appearances for Cambridge University in The University Match against Oxford. He scored 306 runs in his eight appearances at an average of 23.53. He made one century, making 101 against Oxford in the 2013 University Match, with his score the second highest in the match after Oxford's Sam Agarwal made 313. Elliott fared better against Oxford than the county opponents he faced playing for Cambridge MCCU. In addition to playing cricket for Cambridge, he was also the university rackets captain, for which he gained a blue.
Notes and references
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Epsom
People educated at Tonbridge School
Alumni of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Tug Agan Barracks is a military station located in Ndola, Zambia. It is one of the six major military stations in Zambia.
References
Ndola
Barracks in Zambia
The 2021–22 season was the 95th season in the existence of Montpellier HSC and the club's 20th consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Montpellier participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated 21 May 2022.
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|}
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total goals are equal.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
Cleansheets
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total cleansheets are equal.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated 21 May 2022.
References
Montpellier HSC seasons
Montpellier
James Elphinstone, 1st Lord Balmerino (1553?-1612) was a Scottish nobleman and politician, disgraced in 1609.
Life to 1605
He was the third son of Robert Elphinstone, 3rd Lord Elphinstone, by Margaret, daughter of Sir John Drummond of Innerpeffray, and was born about 1553. He was appointed a lord of session 4 March 1586. He was at this time known as "Master James Elphinstone of Innernochtie".
On 1 May 1590 he gave a speech in Latin in the King's Wark in Leith to welcome James VI of Scotland and his bride Anne of Denmark on their safe return from Denmark. In July 1593 he was appointed to a council to manage the estates and finances of Anne of Denmark.
In 1595 was one of the commissioners of the treasury known as the Octavians. In 1598 he became secretary of state, and for the next five years was a member of commissions of the privy council.
He was a great favourite with James VI, whom in 1603 he accompanied to London. On 20 February 1604 he was created a peer, with the title of Lord Balmerino, the estates of the Cistercian Abbey of Balmerino in Fife being converted into a lordship. In the same year he was nominated one of the Scottish commissioners to treat about the union with England. In March 1605 he was made Lord President of the Court of Session, and while holding that office successfully opposed George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar. In September 1605 King James wrote to him to appoint a new gardener for the south yard of Holyrood Palace, especially as he planned to visit Scotland in 1606.
On 15 June 1608 Anne of Denmark wrote to him from Greenwich Palace to express her disappointment on the acquittal of Margaret Hartsyde, a servant who had stolen her jewels. The queen thought that Hartsyde would have been found guilty by Scottish law, which differs from English law. His brother Sir John Elphinstone was a gentleman in Anne of Denmarks's household.
Robert's eldest brother Alexander was Lord Elphinstone. Another brother John Elphinstone was a gentleman in the household of Anne of Denmark, whose duties included spending £4000 of the kings dowry on clothes and costumes for the women of the household at the baptism of Prince Henry in 1594.
Disgrace
It was believed that James intended to appoint Balmerino secretary of state in England, but an end was put to his further promotion by his disgrace. In 1599 a letter signed by James had been sent to Pope Clement VIII, requesting him to give a cardinal's hat to William Chisholm, bishop of Vaison (a kinsman of Balmerino), and expressing high regard for the Pope and the Catholic faith. Patrick Gray, the Master of Gray, sent a copy of this letter to Elizabeth I, who asked James for an explanation. He asserted that the letter must be a forgery, and Balmerino, as secretary of state, also repudiated its authorship.
When in 1607 James published his Triplici nodo triplex cuneus in the allegiance oath controversy, Cardinal Bellarmine quoted at length the letter written in 1599 as a proof of James's former favour to Catholicism. James sent for Balmerino. The account he then gave was that he had written the letter, and had surreptitiously passed it in among papers awaiting the king's signature. He was accordingly put on his trial, when he refused to plead, but he acquitted the king of any knowledge of the letter written to the Pope, which he said had been sent by himself as a matter of policy.
The king confirmed the verdict of guilty which the jury found, and Balmerino was in March 1609 sentenced to be beheaded, quartered, and demeaned as a traitor. The sentence, however, was not carried out, due to the intercession of Anne of Denmark at the instance of Jean Drummond, her lady in waiting and Balmerino's relative.
According to a second account of Balmerino, James was not averse to correspondence with Pope Clement, but had scruples about addressing him by his apostolical titles, which were therefore afterwards prefixed by Balmerino to the letter which James, who was aware of its contents, had signed without hesitation. When the matter was brought up again in 1606, severe pressure was put by Dunbar and Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury on Balmerino to induce him to take the whole blame on himself, and on the promise that his life and estates should be secured to him he consented to exculpate the king.
He remained imprisoned at Falkland till October 1609, when, on finding security in £40,000, he was allowed free ward in the town and a mile around. Afterwards he was permitted to retire to his own estate at Balmerino, where he died in July 1612.
Family
He married, first, Sarah, daughter of Sir John Menteith, by whom he had one son, John, second lord Balmerino; secondly, Marjory, daughter of Hugh Maxwell of Tealing, by whom he had a son James, created in 1607 Lord Coupar, and two daughters, Anne and Mary.
References
Attribution
1550s births
1612 deaths
Members of the Privy Council of Scotland
Lords President of the Court of Session
Balmerino
Octavians
16th-century Scottish people
17th-century Scottish people
People convicted of treason
Younger sons of barons
Peers of Scotland created by James VI
Waskesiu Lake () is a lake located roughly in the centre of Prince Albert National Park. The lake's name means red deer or elk in the Cree language. Waskesiu Lake is by far the most developed lake in the park, and features a variety of recreational facilities along all sides of its shoreline, including camping, golfing, boating, and hiking. The resort village of Waskesiu Lake is on its eastern shore. The Prince Albert National Park Nature Centre is located in the village as well as many other amenities such as lodging, police, a gas station, shopping, and restaurants. Access to the lake is from Highways 263 and 264.
Description
Waskesiu Lake sits north-east of the Waskesiu Hills and is in the Churchill River drainage basin. The south flowing rivers out of the Waskesiu Hills, including Spruce and Spruce Rivers, flow into the North Saskatchewan River and the ones flowing north out of the hills flow into the Waskesiu Lake catchment. Some of these rivers include Deadwood Creek, Beetle Creek, Moose Creek, and Beartrap Creek. Prince Albert National Park's third largest lake, Kingsmere Lake, connects to Waskasiu Lake at its northern end via Kingsmere River. The Waskesiu River, located at the east end of the lake, is the outflow and it heads north-east to Montreal Lake.
Waskesiu Lake has one island off its western shore known as King Island (formerly Devil's Island). It is named after park founder and Canada's 10th prime minister,William Lyon Mackenzie King.
Recreation
Being the recreational centre of Prince Albert National Park, there are a wide variety of activities in and around the lake, including camping at Beaver Glen, Narrows, and Red Deer Campgrounds. At the village of Waskesiu, there are resorts and cabins such as Baker's Bungalows and Lost Creek Resort Waskesiu Golf Course is located on the south side of the village. Several trails begin at the lake, including one that leads to Grey Owl's cabin at Ajawaan Lake. Several beaches also are scattered around the lake including, Birch Bay Beach, Trippes Beach, Paignton Beach, Narrows Beach, and Waskesiu Main Beach.
Fish species
Fish commonly found in Waskesiu Lake include walleye, northern pike, yellow perch, and cisco.
See also
List of lakes of Saskatchewan
List of place names in Canada of Indigenous origin
References
External links
Lakes of Saskatchewan
Prince Albert National Park
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in New Jersey, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1787, New Jersey has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
New Jersey's electoral vote was split, with four of the electors pledged to Lincoln being elected because the alternative, a fusion ticket of electors supporting other candidates, saw the Breckinridge and Bell electors finish behind all other candidates. and three Douglas electors being elected.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all 8 of New Jersey's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in New Jersey
Notes
References
District 33 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Multnomah and Washington counties. The district has been represented since June 2020 by Democrat Maxine Dexter of Portland, who was appointed following the death of Mitch Greenlick.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
Washington County, Oregon
Acme Commodity and Phrase Code is a codebook providing the general-purpose commercial telegraph code known as the Acme Code. It was published in 1923 by the Acme Code Company. The book provides a listing of condensed terms and codes used to shorten telegrams and save money. The book was extremely popular amongst businesses in the 1930s. This code was one of the few telegram codes permitted by the Allied powers during the Second World War.
Description
The Acme code consists of one hundred thousand five-letter codes each intended to stand in for a phrase.
It was designed to be tolerant of transposition errors; the author claims that "no transposition of any two adjoining letters will
make another word in the book". However, as later discovered by J. Reeds, the code did not provide this level of error correction, containing at least eleven pairs of words differing only by the transposition of two letters.
Despite these errors, this code is a precursor to more modern error correction codes.
References
1923 non-fiction books
Telegraphy
Kolki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 354 individual households.
2015 Nepal earthquake
The village was affected by the earthquake on 25 April 2015. It along with Bichaur, Ilampokhari, Dudhpokhari, Gauda, and Pyarjung were the most affected villages in Lamjung district.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Museo de Bellas Artes may refer to:
National art museums
Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes (Buenos Aires), Argentina
Museu Nacional de Belas Artes, Brazil
Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes (Santiago de Chile), Chile
Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de La Habana, Cuba
Museo de Bellas Artes (Caracas), Venezuela
Municipal art museums
Museo de Bellas Artes (Bilbao), Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes (Córdoba), Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes (Málaga), Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes (Murcia), Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes (Santander), Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes de Sevilla, Spain
Museo de Bellas Artes de Valencia, Spain
See also
Palacio de Bellas Artes, Mexico City
Museum of Fine Arts (disambiguation)
The Leopard is a novel by Jamaican writer, V. S. Reid. It portrays the hardships of the Kenyan people during the time of the Mau Mau Rebellion. Novels similar to The Leopard, such as Caroline Elkins's Imperial Reckoning (2005), as well as Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's Petals of Blood (1977) also reflect events during the Mau Mau uprising. The Leopard, however, distinct from any other novel of its kind, mainly focuses on the controversies of human nature with respect to the co-existence of violence and hatred between Africans and Europeans.
Published in 1958, The Leopard, Victor Reid's second novel, marks a shift from his earlier concerns of illustrating struggles in Jamaica to illustrating a symbolic similarity in Africa. The title is representative of the character in the novel that symbolizes a blend of the counteracting white and black tendencies.
Plot
The novel begins when the main character Nebu, a Kikuyu tribe member, leaves his Mau Mau people to hunt down a white man who is traveling in the African bush. After catching up to the white man who has also brought his son along, Nebu throws a spear at the white man and kills him while simultaneously, the white man shoots at Nebu, injuring his side. After killing the white man, Nebu realizes that it was his old boss, an English planter. As a result of committing this crime, Nebu feels especially obligated to repay the boss, for having previously slept with his white wife. For this reason, he decides to safeguard the boss' child, who is in truth, biologically his own, and return him to a white community. The decision to bring the child to a white community is a tough one for him, however, for he is himself very injured from the bullet, and also the child is incapable of walking alone, making the journey twice as difficult.
As Nebu carries his son through the bush, the boy, who was raised with mixed emotions towards blacks and whites, continually taunts him. While they travel, they together become closely watched by the leopard, which plots to kill the two concurrently. Nebu's wound from the bullet continuously weakens him, making him more susceptible to attack from the leopard. At this point, the leopard attacks and brings a tragic ending to the “twisted little cripple's” life. Before Nebu could spear the leopard, an English army lieutenant shoots at the leopard, killing it instantly.
Symbolism
Reid set his novel in Africa instead of Jamaica to connect the struggle of the African people, which are the true origins of the black Jamaicans, to the oppression of the Jamaican people. Critic Kenneth Ramchand once said, “The West Indian Negro is a descendent of the Africans, and more recently the idea of Africa has been a phase of West-Indian political thinking.”
Upon analysis of The Leopard, Ramchand posed a point of contention as to why the beautiful poetry of the novel included so much violence, and also why the violence is discussed in such “loving terms.” Ramchand concluded that this clash was intended to make the reader aware of the “savage, twisted inhumanity of the men” in the novel. This indicates that Reid most likely used many subtleties to depict very specific situations throughout his novels. For instance, throughout the course of the novel, Reid often associates animalism with whites in order to dehumanize them. The most important symbol, the leopard, is also significant in its literal sense as well as a deeper one. The leopard's role as a representation of cowardliness is evident when “the leopard understands it, for he avoids the strong and eats the weak.”
Reid also emphasizes the differing tendencies of the blacks and whites attempting to coexist. Throughout the novel, critic Mervyn Morris notes that the blacks are portrayed as being in accordance with nature while the whites are essentially “man made.” They each, however, strive to gain the advantages of the opposing people- that is to say that blacks desire many “white powers” of which they are deprived while whites desire the advantages of being natives of African territories. Furthermore, the relationship between Nebu and his son constitutes, according to Morris, the heart of the novel. Morris contends that Reid employs the son as a symbol of the cultures produced by a meeting of black and white civilizations. This characteristic signifies the love and hate dynamic between groups as well as between individuals.
References
1958 novels
Novels by Victor Stafford Reid
Novels set in Kenya
Jamaican novels
Den Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Den Run was descriptively named by the Indians.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
The Bliss House in the West Colfax neighborhood of Denver, Colorado, is a Queen Anne-style house built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as Building at 1389 Stuart Street.
It is a two-and-a-half-story house designed by architects Lang & Pugh with exterior mostly covered by fishscale shingles. It has been described as "basically Queen Anne in style but with great originality of detail.... The design is complex with a combination of bays, unusual windows and a dramatic multi-planed roofline."
It was home of Dr. Gerald Bliss and his second wife "for all of their married life, both dying in 1945. Dr. Bliss was a Civil War veteran and had been a member of the honor guard over Lincoln's casket. He had gone to South Dakota where he practiced medicine for many years before retiring and moving to Colorado. He lived nearly fifty years after his retirement and was 99 years old when he died."
The house is a Denver Landmark. It is one of a cluster of six houses designed by Lang, five of which are surviving, that illustrate his architectural creativity.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in west Denver
Notes
References
Denver landmarks
Queen Anne architecture in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Denver
Houses completed in 1890
Monocle is a global affairs and lifestyle magazine, 24-hour radio station, website, retailer and media brand, produced by Winkreative Ltd. It was founded by Tyler Brûlé, a Canadian entrepreneur, Financial Times columnist, and founder of Wallpaper* magazine.
The magazine was founded and based in London on 15 February 2007. In September 2014, Brûlé sold a minority stake in Monocle magazine to Japanese publisher Nikkei Inc. The deal valued Monocle at about U.S. $115 million, although the size of Nikkei's investment was undisclosed. In December 2014, Monocle launched a new annual publication called The Forecast, intended to fill the gap between the Dec./Jan. and February issues of Monocle. The Escapist, a travel-minded annual magazine, was introduced in July 2015 and focuses on in-depth reportage of 10 cities around the world.
Concept
Along with a small group of private investors, Brûlé created and financed Monocle, a 10-times-a-year print magazine, in 2007. The first published based in London on 15 February 2007. The magazine, all in English with no regional editions, addressed a mobile global audience. Hamilton Nolan, journalist for Gawker, described it as "a lifestyle magazine for young, stylish, business-oriented jet setters who receive free subscriptions". It had also previously been described on Gawker as a "travel-culture magazine" and a repository of "lifestyle sensuality and gaywad uptightness".
In June 2010, Monocle launched a summer newspaper, Monocle Mediterraneo. The newspaper directly opposed the iPad trend, with Brûlé declaring you cannot read an iPad on the beach. In December 2010 Monocle launched a winter newspaper, Monocle Alpino. The magazine believes in print media, and has neither a Facebook nor a Twitter account. Both newspapers were discontinued as of December 2014 and replaced by The Forecast and The Escapist magazines.
As well as regular advertisements, Monocle runs advertorials. In the September 2009 issue, for example, there was a large insert on Singapore, with a survey paid for by the government of Singapore and several large companies there, but articles generated by the magazine staff in the style of the magazine.
Monocle has also carried separate surveys on a wide range of cities, countries and regions, and has developed a network of correspondents around the globe who are listed on the magazine's masthead. These correspondents are in Perth, Paris, Washington, Nairobi, Belgrade, Warsaw and Bogotá, among other places.
In September 2015, Monocle started The Monocle Minute, daily email bulletin of news, opinions and opportunities, also published on its website.
In the Editor's Letter in the December 2017/January 2018 issue, Brûlé announced that as from 1 March 2018, all of his media holdings would be based in Zurich, Switzerland.
Website
Monocle's website contains magazine archive content only available to paid subscribers, and 3 free-to-read articles per issue. It also contains over 500 films, slideshows and documentaries that are available to the public. The film content is also available on iTunes and YouTube.
The website sells products designed by the magazine's in-house team, as well as products developed in collaboration with brands including Comme des Garçons, Loopwheeler, A Kind of Guise, Private White V.C. and Porter. These are also sold in Monocle shops in London, Hong Kong, Toronto, Tokyo, Singapore and New York, as well as a series of seasonal pop-up stores.
Monocle's internet radio station, Monocle 24 can also be accessed from the website and an iOS app. Listeners can tune in live or browse the archive of all the station's speech-based shows.
Initially launched alongside the magazine in 2007, the website was redesigned in November 2012. In 2013, the relaunched website picked up several awards at The Lovie Awards including a Gold award for Best Writing- Editorial, Silver for Lifestyle and Bronze for Best Practices.
Retail
Monocle opened its London shop in November 2008, followed by shops in, Hong Kong, Toronto, Tokyo, Singapore, New York and Culver City (in Los Angeles County). Monocle also operates seasonal pop-up stores. The Monocle stores vend accessories and apparel items relevant to travelers, including collaborations with niche brands.
Radio
Monocle 24 is an internet radio station, broadcasting from Monocle's headquarters at Midori House in London. On weekdays, the station produces three live, current affairs-based programs. It also broadcasts weekly shows on business; culture; design; food and hospitality; print media, urbanism and more. Music hours, short-format shows and reports fill the rest of the schedule, hosted by Monocle staff. Monocle 24 was launched in October 2011 and broadcasts in English, primarily from London, but with an international focus. Around 80% of listening is via download, 20% via live streaming. Monocle 24 has broadcast more than 60 different programs and podcasts since it was founded and produces all its content in-house. With more than 30 premieres every week, Monocle 24 produces more shows and podcasts than any other independent media brand.
The Monocle Weekly
Monocle 24 itself grew out of The Monocle Weekly, a podcast which first appeared on 28 December 2008. Hosted by Andrew Tuck and Robert Bound, it covers topics such as politics, business and culture and features interviews with big names across several disciplines, and eventually hit download figures as high as 250,000 per month. The Monocle Weekly became a one-hour weekend show on the station and is still available as a podcast.
Station history
Monocle 24 launched on 17 October 2011 with four live shows on weekdays: The Globalist, The Briefing, Midori House and The Monocle Daily, as well as several extra shows over the weekend. Surrounding those shows were music hours known as The Continental Shift and The Atlantic Shift, as well as hour-long themed shows Culture with Robert Bound, Section D, The Entrepreneurs, The Urbanist and The Menu. The station was branded by bespoke music idents, including a number featuring the voice of pop star Kylie Minogue and the Quiet Nights Orchestra. The running time of The Briefing, Midori House, Culture, Section D, The Entrepreneurs, The Urbanist and The Menu was cut from 50 to 30 minutes starting on 2 March 2015. At the same time, new programs, such as The Big Interview and The Monocle Arts Review were added to the schedule. Top-of-the-hour newscasts were also removed from the schedule.
The station is influenced by the BBC World Service. Tyler Brûlé said "From the point of view its ambitions for global reach and coverage of world affairs, Monocle 24 will probably resemble and sound like many commonwealth public service broadcasters, including BBC World Service, as well as shades of Australia's ABC and Canada's CBC. We are hoping to create a station which follows the tradition of the great Commonwealth broadcasters. It's no surprise that we have drawn a lot of great people from the BBC World Service."
Changes to the schedule since its launch have included the introduction in August 2012 of The Stack, a 25-minute-long show on magazines and print media hosted by Tyler Brûlé on Saturday mornings. In April 2013, The Globalist was split into The Globalist and The Globalist Asia, with the latter focusing more on listeners in Asia, Australia and New Zealand. The Globalist Asia was last broadcast on 27 December 2013.
Saturday and Sunday feature the Weekend Edition, a mix of news, interviews, music and highlights.
Portions of Monocle 24 programs were previously broadcast on ABC Radio National in Australia. Other Monocle 24 output is also broadcast by CBC Radio One in Canada as part of CBC Radio Overnight.
Monocle 24 also broadcasts from political, business and cultural events.
The station is live 24 hours a day at monocle.com/radio and records more than 1 million listens to its programming every month through the Monocle website and across all internet radio and podcast platforms.
Programme schedule
Monocle 24 has broadcast more than 60 different programmes and podcasts since its launch.
The current roster includes long-running, weekday news shows;
The Globalist
The Briefing
The Monocle Daily
Award-winning weekly international affairs shows;
The Foreign Desk
Monocle on Culture
Monocle on Design
The Entrepreneurs
The Urbanist
The Menu
The Stack
The Big Interview
The Chiefs with Tyler Brûlé
The Curator
Meet The Writers
The Bulletin with UBS.
A number of the weekly magazine shows have companion strands like;
The Entrepreneur's Eureka show
Tall Stories from The Urbanist team
Monocle On Design Extra
The Foreign Desk Explainer.
Monocle 24 also produces and broadcasts Konfekt Korner, the monthly podcast from sister title Konfekt magazine hosted by Konfekt Editor Sophie Grove.
Past programmes and content
Monocle 24 has broadcast more than 60 different programmes and podcasts since its launch. From 17 October 2011 to 2 March 2015, the station broadcast its own newscasts at the top of the hour between 6 am and 11 pm London time. Tomasz Schafernaker provided recorded weather forecasts for the station, but they were quickly dropped. Aperitivo (16 Sept 2013 - 15 November 2013) was a short-lived news-based talk programme, trailed as a "relaxed blend of conversation and analysis." The Globalist, a show on international news and political issues, was originally two hours long. It was later split in two, the second hour becoming The Globalist Asia, which was last broadcast on 27 December 2013. The Review was a weekend show which featured stories about books, movies and theatre. From launch to 2 March 2015, the station broadcast ABC Radio news bulletins between midnight and 5 am London time.
Sponsorship
Current sponsors of Monocle 24 programmes include UBS, Novartis and Allianz.
Previous sponsors and brands that Monocle 24 has worked with to create original audio content include Air Canada, ANZ, Audi, Blackberry, BMW, Breitling, Chanel, Conrad, Diageo, Dubai, GE, The Glenlivet, Grundig, HP, Hyundai, Japan Cabinet Office, J Crew, Kaspersky, Korean Air, Krug, Kuoni, Leuchtturm, Lexus, Lombard Odier, Longines, Lufthansa, Marriott, Moncler, Mubi, Nike, Pictet, Rimowa, Rolex, Samsung, Shinola, Squarespace, Südtirol, Tag Heuer, Thailand, Tiffany, Turkish Airlines and Zurich Tourism.
Tag Heuer was the station's "digital timekeeper" from 11 October 2015 to summer 2016. Previously, Rolex had a similar role, with ads running at the top of the hour.
Presenters
Some of the most frequently heard voices on Monocle 24 are those of magazine staff, such as Tyler Brûlé, Andrew Tuck and Robert Bound. However there are also regular radio staff, such as Tom Edwards, Markus Hippi and Daniel Bach, whose voices can be heard across many shows. Other presenters include Georgina Godwin, Emma Nelson and Monocle Contributing Editor Andrew Mueller.
There are also regular contributions from Monocle staff and guests at the organisation's bureaux in New York, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Toronto and the other editorial hub in Zürich.
Books
In 2013, Monocle published their first book in collaboration with Berlin publisher Gestalten. The Monocle Guide to Better Living has since been joined by The Monocle Guide to Good Business, The Monocle Guide to Cosy Homes, How to Make a Nation: A Monocle Guide, and The Monocle Guide to Drinking and Dining. They also have a series of travel guides with Gestalten, covering cities including Hong Kong, Istanbul, London, Madrid, New York, Rio de Janeiro, and Tokyo.
Other media
Six episodes of a Monocle TV show were broadcast internationally on Bloomberg in early 2011.
Café
In April 2013, Monocle opened the Monocle Café at 18 Chiltern Street, London W1. Its interior was designed by the magazine's senior designer Yoshi Takagi and built by EDO Construction. The café sells Allpress coffee and a library of Monocle magazines and books. The company also had a café in Tokyo in the Hankyu Men's department store with furniture made by Maruni.
In October 2015, Monocle opened Kioskafé - a magazine shop and coffee bar. Modelled on European city kiosks, it sells over 150 magazines ranging from art, design, fashion, culture and more. Situated close to London Paddington station, the space was opened as a place devoted to great independent magazines with the number of independent newsagents in decline.
In 2018, Monocle opened a Café with shop and men's fashion outlet in Seefeld, Zurich.
Monocle surveys
Monocle's annual Quality of Life issue ranks the top 25 most liveable cities in the world. In 2016, Tokyo was declared the winning city. In 2015, Monocle launched its first Quality of Life conference in Lisbon; the conference was held in Vienna in April 2016. The Quality of Life Conference aims to bring together leading voices from the worlds of design, urbanism and culture over three days, and the host city changes annually.
Since 2010, Monocle has also published an annual Soft Power survey ranking countries according to their ability to promote themselves in the world via culture, diplomacy and trade. In 2016, the US was the winner.
Accolades
In 2011, Monocle was awarded one of the top ten titles of the year by AdAge USA's 'A List', and Brûlé was named Editor of the Year. In 2015, it won a D&AD Wood Pencil award for its publication, The Forecast.
Criticisms
In 2018, Amalia Illgner wrote an article for The Guardian about her experience working for Monocle in London where she claimed "Monocle interns are paid £30" per day. An employment tribunal resulted in admission of liability from Monocle and subsequent settlement.
See also
Luxury magazine
Departures
Worth
Robb Report
High net worth individual
Ultra high net worth individual
References
External links
Lifestyle magazines published in the United Kingdom
Design magazines
Cultural magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2007
News magazines published in the United Kingdom
Mass media companies of the United Kingdom
Magazines published in London
Podcasting companies
The Cumberland Free Press was a short-lived weekly Australian newspaper published and printed in Parramatta, New South Wales, with a coverage extending across the Inner West, Western and North West regions of Sydney. The paper was first published on 22 June 1895 and ceased publication in March 1898.
History
The Cumberland Free Press was published by John Black and Company, located in Church Street, Parramatta. The company had been founded in 1895 by John Black, George B. Davey and William Henry Hillis, three former employees of The Cumberland Mercury, a newspaper that had recently been absorbed by The Cumberland Argus and Fruitgrowers' Advocate.
The first edition of the paper was issued on Saturday, 22 June 1895, with the masthead proclaiming that the newspaper was "devoted to the interests of and circulating extensively throughout the electorates of Parramatta, Granville, Sherbrooke, Ryde, Willoughby and Canterbury." The first issue was described as being "well edited and printed and holds liberal views on political matters."
In May 1897, The Cumberland Free Press was being published by John Black & Company in Parramatta and Ryde, with the Ryde Electorate Press newspaper officially incorporated into The Cumberland Free Press from the issue dated Saturday, 5 June 1897. The Ryde Electorate Press had only been in operation since November 1896.
On 25 March 1898, The Cumberland Free Press (along with the Ryde Electorate Press) was purchased by the owners of The Cumberland Argus and Fruitgrowers' Advocate. Black, Davey and other staff from the Free Press were retained by The Cumberland Argus. The acquisition provided the new owners with more districts to cover and to sell their paper in. As a result, the owners began to publish The Cumberland Argus twice a week, introducing a Wednesday edition, to "faithfully and fully report the district's proceedings." The Cumberland Free Press was officially incorporated into The Cumberland Argus and Fruitgrowers' Advocate from the issue dated Saturday, 2 April 1898.
Availability
Hardcopy of The Cumberland Free Press is available from Vol. I, No. 1, 22 June 1895 to 1896. These issues are held by the State Library of New South Wales in offsite storage.
In August 1993, Gosford Micrographics Pty Ltd filmed the issues of The Cumberland Free Press, covering Vol. 1, No. 1, 22 June 1895 to Vol. 2, No. 107, 26 June 1897, onto two reels of 35mm microfilm.
This microfilm is available to view at the National Library of Australia, State Library of New South Wales, and the public library services of Holroyd, Hornsby and Parramatta Councils.
The Cumberland Free Press has been digitised and is available on the National Library of Australia's Trove Australian newspapers and more website.
Indexes
The Ryerson Index, an online index of death notices and obituaries appearing in Australian newspapers, has begun indexing death notices and obituaries appearing in The Cumberland Free Press.
See also
List of newspapers in Australia
List of defunct newspapers of Australia
List of newspapers in New South Wales
The Cumberland Argus and Fruitgrowers' Advocate
References
External links
The Ryerson Index (online index of death notices and obituaries appearing in Australian newspapers)
Defunct newspapers published in Sydney
Newspapers on Trove
The surname Orrell may refer to the following people:
David Orrell (born 1962), Canadian mathematician
Eddie Orrell (born 1965), Canadian politician in Nova Scotia
Joe Orrell (1917–1993), baseball player
John Orrell (1934–2003), author, theatre historian, and English professor
John Orrell Lever (1824–1897), English shipping owner and politician
Marc Orrell (born 1982), American guitarist
Richard Orrell (1875–1919), English footballer
Timothy Orrell (born 1967), English cricketer
See also
Orrell (disambiguation)
Theodore "Ted" Thye (August 26, 1890 – March 22, 1966) was an American wrestler, promotor and manager in the United States.
Professional wrestling career
During his career he worked with Emile Czaja and Ed "Strangler" Lewis. Ted was a multiple time winner of the World Light Heavyweight Championship. He was also the World Light Heavyweight Championship (Australian version) by defeating Clarence Eklund. He also won the Pacific Coast Middleweight Championship in 1920 and the Pacific Coast Light Heavyweight Championship in 1922. He defeated Billy Meeske in 1924. Thye wrestled under Stadiums Limited for a period of time.
Pacific Northwest Wrestling started in the early 1920s when Thye, a former world middleweight and world light-heavyweight (Australian version) wrestling champion, came to Portland with plans to promote both boxing and wrestling. Ted served as a booking agent for Lou Thesz at the Dominion Wrestling Union.
Personal life
Thye was the brother of Edward John Thye
Championships and accomplishments
Stadiums Limited
World Light Heavyweight Championship (Australian version) (2 times, inaugural)
Western Athletic Club
World Light Heavyweight Championship (Pacific Coast version) (3 times)
Pacific Coast Middleweight Championship (1 time, inaugural)
Pacific Northwest Light Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Pacific Northwest Middleweight Championship (1 time)
Pacific Northwest Welterweight Championship (1 time)
Other titles
World Middleweight Championship (1 time)
World Middleweight Championship (Los Angeles version) (1 time)
World Light Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
References
General
Specific
External links
Ted Thye at Cagematch.net
Ted Thye at Wrestlingdata.com
1890 births
1966 deaths
20th-century professional wrestlers
American male professional wrestlers
Professional wrestlers from South Dakota
People from Brown County, South Dakota
British Rail Warship Class may refer to:
British Rail Class D20/2
British Rail Class 42
British Rail Class 43 (Warship Class)
British Rail Class 22 (Baby Warship)
Terrance Lamont Turner (February 28, 1881 – July 18, 1960), nicknamed "Cotton Top", was an American professional baseball infielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1901 to 1919 for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Cleveland Naps / Indians, and Philadelphia Athletics.
Biography
Listed at , 149 lb., Turner was basically a line-drive hitter and a fearless base stealer. Because normal slides hurt his ankles, he pioneered the use of the head-first slide. As a fielder, he spent most of his playing time between shortstop and third base. He also broke up three no-hitters and spoiled a perfect game effort by Chief Bender after receiving a fourth-inning walk.
In 1904 Turner started a long tenure with Cleveland that lasted 15 years, appearing in a team-record 1,619 games. He hit a career-high .308 in 1912, and from 1906 to 1911 averaged 25.5 steals in each season, with a career-high 31 in 1910. On the field, he led the American League shortstops in fielding percentage four times. He also ranks among the top 10 Cleveland players in seven different offensive categories and still the team-mark in putouts with 4,603. For over seventy-seven years, Turner also held the Indians' team record for the most career stolen bases with 254. His record was broken by Kenny Lofton in 1996, and has since also been surpassed by Omar Vizquel, who did so in 2003.
In a 17-season career, Turner was a .253 hitter (1499-for-5921) with eight home runs and 528 RBI in 1659 games, including 699 runs, 207 doubles, 77 triples, and 256 stolen bases.
Turner died in Cleveland, Ohio, at the age of 79. He was buried at Knollwood Cemetery in Mayfield Heights, Ohio.
In 2001, he was selected to the 100 Greatest Indians Roster, as part of the club's 100th Anniversary Celebration.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career stolen bases leaders
References
External links
Baseball Library
Retrosheet
Cleveland Indians players
Cleveland Naps players
Philadelphia Athletics players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Major League Baseball shortstops
Major League Baseball third basemen
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Columbus Senators players
1881 births
1960 deaths
Burials at Knollwood Cemetery
People from Mercer County, Pennsylvania
Karl Theodor Maria Georg Achaz Eberhardt Josef Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (23 May 1921 – 4 October 1972) was a German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU). He was a parliamentary secretary of state in the Chancellor's Office in the government of Kurt Georg Kiesinger from 1967 until 1969, as well as the foreign policy spokesman of the CDU/CSU group in the Bundestag. Guttenberg was perceived as a hardline conservative anticommunist as well as a convinced proponent of European integration. His work was mostly within the field of foreign policy.
Guttenberg served as an officer during World War II, but was punished for anti-Nazi statements and became, through his uncle Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, a member of the anti-Nazi resistance in the German army. While his uncle was imprisoned after the 20 July plot and executed shortly before the war's end, Karl Theodor zu Guttenberg was taken prisoner of war by the British, and soon after started to work for British propaganda, including the Soldatensender Calais.
Guttenberg owned large estates in Franconia, several hotels as well as the winery Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl in the Palatinate. Himself a member of the House of Guttenberg, he married Rosa Sophie Prinzessin von Arenberg, of the House of Arenberg, in 1943. Their son Enoch zu Guttenberg became a conductor as well as inherited Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl. His grandson is the politician and former federal government minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg.
He became a member of the CSU in 1946, and was a member of the Bundestag from 1957 to 1972, where he represented Kulmbach. In the Bundestag, he was a noted public speaker and was for several years the foreign policy spokesman of the CDU/CSU group. Guttenberg was a fierce critic of the Ostpolitik of Willy Brandt. After Brandt's government had recognized the existence of "a second German state" (the German Democratic Republic), he called it a "dark hour". While most of the CDU/CSU group abstained during the vote on the Basic Treaty, 1972, Guttenberg voted against. In a speech, he stated: "The "GDR" must be revealed to the world for what it is: Not a state, but a caricature of a state".
A Roman Catholic, Guttenberg became a Knight of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre in 1957. He received the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972.
Death
He died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 1972, aged 51.
Publications
Gemeinsame Außenpolitik? Eine Antwort auf Herbert Wehner, Bonn 1960
Wenn der Westen will. Plädoyer für eine mutige Politik, Stuttgart 1964
Deutschland in der atlantischen Partnerschaft, Düsseldorf 1965
Wege zur Wiedervereinigung. Brauchen wir eine neue Deutschlandpolitik?, Hamburg 1965
Die Zukunft Europas. Wirtschaftliche, politische und weltanschauliche Aspekte, Düsseldorf 1970
Im Interesse der Freiheit, Stuttgart 1970
Fußnoten, Stuttgart 1971
Die neue Ostpolitik. Wege und Irrwege, Osnabrück 1972
External links
1921 births
1972 deaths
People from Erlangen-Höchstadt
German Roman Catholics
Karl Theodor
Barons of Germany
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 1969–1972
Members of the Bundestag 1965–1969
Members of the Bundestag 1961–1965
Members of the Bundestag 1957–1961
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German anti-communists
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Neurological disease deaths in Germany
Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
The Make-A-Wish Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in the United States that helps fulfill the wishes of children with a critical illness between the ages of 2½ and 18 years old.
Make-A-Wish was founded in 1980 and headquartered in Phoenix. The organization operates through its 59 chapters located throughout the United States. Make-A-Wish also operates in nearly 50 other countries around the world through 39 international affiliates.
History
In the spring of 1980, 7-year-old Christopher James Greicius (August 13, 1972 – May 3, 1980) was being treated for leukemia. He aspired to be a police officer. U.S. Customs Officer Tommy Austin befriended Chris and worked with Frank Shankwitz and officers at the Arizona Department of Public Safety to plan an experience to lift Greicius' spirits. Chris spent the day as a police officer, rode in a police helicopter, received a custom-tailored police uniform, and was sworn in as the first honorary Public Safety patrolman in state history. Greicius died soon after, but his wish became the inspiration for the Make-A-Wish organization.
Process
Children who may be eligible to receive a wish can be referred by one of the following four sources:
A medical professional treating the child (typically a provider (MD, DO, PA or NP), nurse, social worker or child-life specialist)
The child's parents or legal guardians
Another member of the wish kid's family with current and complete information about the child's medical condition and treatment
The potential wish kid
To refer a child, the appropriate referral source can use the Make-A-Wish online referral form or contact the Make-A-Wish chapter closest to them. All medical information is considered confidential and is not discussed with outside parties unless it is required for the wish and the child's parent(s) or guardian(s) have given their consent.
A child with a critical illness who has reached the age of 2 and is under the age of 18 at the time of referral is potentially eligible for a wish. After a child is referred, Make-A-Wish staff work with each child's healthcare team to determine if a child is medically eligible for a wish, based on the medical criteria established by Make-A-Wish. In addition, a child cannot have received a wish from another wish-granting organization.
Each Make-A-Wish chapter follows specific policies and guidelines for granting a child's wish. Make-A-Wish works closely with the wish child's physician and family to determine the most appropriate time to grant the wish, keeping in mind the child's treatment protocol or other concerns. Most wish requests fall into five categories: I wish to go, I wish to be, I wish to meet, I wish to have, or I wish to give.
Professional wrestler John Cena holds the title for the most wishes granted by a single individual, at over 650 wishes.
On June 24, 2022, Disney Cruise Line honored all Make-A-Wish children as godchildren of the Disney Wish.
Governance and accountability
The national board of directors helps chart Make-A-Wish's course. The board determines the organization's mission and vision, evaluates and supports the president and chief executive officer, and protects Make-A-Wish's assets. The board also enhances Make-A-Wish's public standing, ensures accountability, maintains legal integrity, and assesses its own performance.
The senior leadership team is composed of Make-A-Wish's top-level management. Each member is a national office leader in disciplines that include wish-granting, fundraising, legal, brand advancement, and operational activities. The president and CEO guides the strategic plan in areas such as board development, talent development, fundraising, and corporate relations.
The Charity Navigator gave Make-A-Wish a 2-star overall rating, a 1-star financial rating and a 4-star accountability and transparency rating for the 2019 fiscal year.
Hunting and fishing
Make-A-Wish stopped granting wishes involving hunting-related activities, including fishing, use of firearms or other weapons that are designed to cause animal injury in 1996. This was largely due to concerns over child safety, the pressure from animal-sensitive donors, and criticisms from animal rights groups. In response, three organizations were formed: Hunt of a Lifetime, which arranges hunting trips for terminally ill children; Catch-a-Dream, which was conceived by Mississippi outdoorsman Bruce Brady and formed by his loved ones following Brady's death from cancer to grant hunting experiences to ill children; and Life Hunts, founded by the Buckmasters American Deer Foundation.
In popular culture
In the 1997 made-for-TV movie A Child's Wish, Missy's wish is to go to the White House to meet the president who was responsible for signing the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 into law, which her father lobbied to pass after being fired for visiting Missy in the cancer ward. Make-A-Wish is not sure she will get to meet the president or be allowed to see the Oval Office, but in the end, President Bill Clinton, playing himself in a cameo appearance, meets her to make her wish come true.
A 1997 sketch of the HBO series Mr. Show with Bob and David focuses on a knock-off of Make-a-Wish called "Dream of a Lifetime", an organization run by two men trying to offer a discount for families of ill children, but whose lack of resources or connections ends with one of them in prison.
In the South Park episode "Kenny Dies", Make-A-Wish is satirized when they visit Kenny in the hospital and ask what his one wish is.
In the Family Guy episode "If I'm Dyin', I'm Lyin'", a parody of the Make-A-Wish called the Grant-a-Dream Foundation was presented.
In January 2008, the satirical news site The Onion produced a parody video claiming that the Make-A-Wish was bankrupted due to a child's wish for "infinite wishes". The video was apparently so convincing that some people believed it to be real, and it had to be debunked by the urban legends website Snopes. The Mansion and The Chaser's War on Everything did similar sketches about the Make-A-Wish, the latter causing an unprecedented amount of controversy.
Make-a-Wish made headlines in 2013 with an elaborate Batman-themed wish, turning a young child into "Batkid". This wish was heavily publicized, and was chronicled in a documentary entitled Batkid Begins. In 2018 Batkid was considered to be cancer-free.
In The Fault in Our Stars, a 2014 American romantic drama film, the character Augustus suggests that Hazel should use the "cancer wish" she received from "Genies" - a fictional organization just like Make-A-Wish - to travel to Amsterdam to visit her favorite author.
In a comedy sketch from the Key & Peele season 4 episode "Scariest Movie Ever", Jordan Peele portrays a dying child unsettling his doctor and a Make-a-Wish representative with increasingly disturbing "wishes", deliberately provoking the doctor into calling him a "devil child" and questioning his beliefs about "the essential goodness of children."
In the episode "Infamous" of Ninjago, the ninja go to a hospital to fulfill a wish made by a hospital patient through the Grant-a-Wish Foundation, a reference to Make-a-Wish.
In Zac & Mia, a 2017 American romance teen drama web television series based on the novel of the same name, the titular character Zac uses the wish he received from Make-A-Wish to recreate prom for Mia after she initially forgoes her own due to her embarrassment over her current medical condition.
Four children were guest-stars on the show Cake Boss in 2017, in which Buddy Valastro helped the four children make one-of-a-kind cakes before making a hot air balloon cake for a reception for a Make-A-Wish event.
In the 29th season of the television show Survivor (American TV series), thirteen year-old Make-A-Wish child Austin Russell contributed a reward obstacle course as part of his wish.
In 2022, Disney Cruise Line chose to christen all Make-A-Wish foundation children as the Godchildren of the newest ship in the Disney fleet, the Disney Wish. Previously ships were named after female characters and role models such as Tinker Bell, Jennifer Hudson and Mariah Carey.
See also
Disney Worldwide Outreach Program, a partner of the Make-A-Wish
Make a Film Foundation
References
External links
Make-A-Wish of America
Make-A-Wish International
Children's charities based in the United States
Organizations based in Phoenix, Arizona
Charities based in Arizona
Organizations established in 1980
1980 establishments in Arizona
A currier is a specialist in the leather processing industry.
Currier may also refer to:
Currier (surname), a surname (including a list of people with the name)
USS Currier (DE-700), a former destroyer escort of the United States Navy
Currier House (disambiguation), various buildings
Currier Museum of Art, Manchester, New Hampshire
See also
Rauhut–Currier reaction
Courier (disambiguation)
Pat Cash and Mark Woodforde successfully defended their title, defeating Jeremy Bates and Anders Järryd in the final, 6–3, 5–7, [10–5] to win the senior gentlemen's invitation doubles tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships.
Draw
Final
Group A
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
Group B
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
External links
Draw
Men's Invitation Doubles, Senior
Savita may refer to:
Savitr, a Hindu deity associated with motion and the sun
Savita Ambedkar (1909–2003), Indian social activist and doctor
Savita Halappanavar, woman who died in Ireland after she was denied an abortion
Savita Bhabhi, fictional pornographic cartoon character
Savita Oil Technologies Limited or simply Savita, Indian industrial lubricant manufacturer
See also
Colonel Thomas F. Breslin (1885–1942) was a civil engineer and a civilian contractor for the United States Army. He was pinned as a Colonel at the outbreak of the Battle of the Philippines and died during the Bataan Death March, the brutal POW march in the aftermath of the Battle of Bataan.
Birth and early life
Thomas Breslin was born in Summit Hill, Pennsylvania on July 6, 1885, the son of Francis Breslin and Mary Anne Malloy. He was baptized 6 days later at the Church of St. Joseph. Francis was a Justice of the Peace in Summit Hill. Francis' family had immigrated from Glenties County Donegal, Ireland in 1865. Mary was also born in Summit Hill. They were married at St. Anthony's Church in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York. Thomas was the oldest of six children and grew to be 5' 11".
Education
He received dual degrees in Civil Engineering and Mining Engineering from Pennsylvania State College, now called Pennsylvania State University, graduating at the age of 22 in 1907.
Work and marriage in Cebu
Thomas received a contract with the U.S. Government to survey large portions of the island of Cebu in the Philippines which was then under American rule following the Spanish–American War. While in Cebu, he married Maria Mata Laurel who was born in Danao City on Cebu Island, the daughter of Candido Laurel and Gabina Mata. They had 11 children together. A street named "Brezlin Street" was named (with a phonetic spelling) after him in Cebu City, Cebu. He became multilingual during his time there.
According to a record held by his son, Robert Breslin, "The Island of Cebu bears his initials at each mountain peak" meaning that his initials are on the surveying benchmarks at each mountain peak on Cebu. Surveyor's initials are left on benchmarks so that if questions or disputes arise, the original surveyor can be consulted.
Luzon
They moved from Cebu to the island of Luzon in order for Thomas to work as a mining engineer and mine inspector in Baguio. At the outbreak of World War II, he was working as a civilian contractor for the US Army. He was in charge of constructing new barracks at Fort William McKinley, just south of Manila. According to his obitutary in a Summit Hill, Pennsylvania newspaper, "Mr. Breslin's fortunes and prominence grew until his name was notably linked with many business and governmental institutions in the Philippines. He established his home on Cebu, and Americans who visited him were impressed with the obvious success he had made of his prominence."
The Baatan Death March
Although he was a leading civilian and was not in the military, he was pinned a Colonel when the Battle of the Philippines (1941–1942) started. According to a record held by his son Robert Breslin: "After his commanding general pinned Colonel's rank on his lapel, he made his goodbyes at home and by Christmas Day, 1941 was helping to position the defenses at Bataan." His language skills are thought to have been an important consideration in his pinning as most of the enlisted men in the United States Philippine Division were from the Philippines.
When the American forces there were overcome by the Japanese in the Battle of Bataan, the prisoners of war were made to march about 100 km as part of their journey to several concentration camps in the Bataan Death March. It was during this death march that, according to his son Robert's record, "Sick with dysentery and malaria, his comrades hid him in a culvert on the road to avoid the Japanese bayonets. A young Filipino man found him, took him to his home and hid him underground in his backyard, trying to nurse back his strength for about a month. With meager food amounts and no medicine, he succumbed to the diseases that plagued him." He died on May 10, 1942.
His son's ordeal
His son, Richard "Dick" Breslin, was also on the death march but was much younger and stronger and so survived. Around April 3, 1942, Dick visited his father at the "Quartermaster Corps" before going to the front lines of the Battle of Bataan. This was the last time they would meet. After the surrender to the Japanese, Dick marched from Mariveles, Bataan to "Kilometer 69", and then was sent by cattle train to Camp O'Donnell in Tarlac. Because he was relatively healthy he was moved to "Camp #1" in Cabanatuan, and from there was on assignment, constructing the airport in Las Piñas from 1943 to 1944. He was near Corregidor when the Americans/Allies conducted the airstrike. Two days later, Dick was put in the coal bin of a hell ship and spent 38 days there before landing in Formosa. From Formosa they sailed the China Sea to Muji, Japan. From Muji he was sent by train to Tokyo and then to Odati for the winter 1944–1945 where he worked in an open pit lead mine until the war ended. He weighed about 87 lbs. at the end.
His family
His family searched for him during the later, similar march of the prisoners from the Battle of Corregidor. They had no word of the fate of him or of his son until late in the war.
Burial
After the American and Filipino army reoccupation of Luzon in 1945, a villager on the Bataan peninsula pointed out where his body had been buried to the soldiers. Only at this point did his family learn that he had died. Thomas' body was then exhumed and re-buried at Fort William McKinley, just south of Manila. His grave is maintained by the American Battle Monuments Commission.
References
External links
Summit Hill, Pennsylvania Newspaper Obituary circa 1944 in the possession of Robert Breslin
Short biography of Thomas Breslin in the possession of Robert Breslin
1885 births
1942 deaths
American civil engineers
American expatriates in the Philippines
American people of Irish descent
American surveyors
American torture victims
Bataan Death March prisoners
American mining engineers
People from Carbon County, Pennsylvania
People from Glenties
Burials at the Manila American Cemetery
Krisztofer Durázi (born 13 October 1998) is a Hungarian professional basketball player, who currently plays for Egis Körmend. Durázi mainly plays as small forward.
Professional career
On 6 December 2017, Durázi recorded 21 points and 19 rebounds in his first European game, in a 104–43 win over Karpoš Sokoli in the FIBA Europe Cup.
References
1998 births
Living people
Falco KC Szombathely players
Hungarian men's basketball players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Szombathely
Farma 4 - Pôjde o všetko! (English: The Farm 4 - This will be an all!) is the Slovak version of The Farm reality television show based on the Swedish television series of the same name. The show filmed in July–October 2013 and premiered on August 25, 2013 on Markíza.
Format
Seventeen contestants are cut out from outside world. Each week one contestant is selected the Farmer of the Week. In the first week, the contestants choose the Farmer. Since week 2, the Farmer is chosen by the contestant evicted in the previous week.
Nomination Process
The Farmer of the Week nominates two people (a man and a woman) as the Butlers. The others must decide, which Butler is the first to go to the Battle. That person than choose the second person (from the same sex) for the Battle and also the type of battle (a quiz, extrusion, endurance, sleight). The Battle winner must win two duels. The Battle loser is evicted from the game. In the live final 15 December 2013 Pavol Styk won 50 000 € . Božena Candráková finish on the second place. Pavol Styk won title Favorit Farmer.
Contestants
Aages stated are at time of contest.
Future appearances
Jana Hrmová, Šárka Rácová and Ján Juhaščík returned to Farma for Farma: All-Stars. Hrmová was evacuated after 37 days and placing 9th, Juhaščík and Rácová respectively placing 8th and 5th.
Nominations
The game
External links
http://farma.markiza.sk
Farma Markíza
The Farm (franchise)
2013 Slovak television seasons
The Brunei Prison Department (BPD; ), or the Brunei Prison Service, is the prisons agency of Brunei. It is a part of the Ministry of Home Affairs, with its offices along Jalan Jerudong.
Prisons
Penjara Jerudong
Penjara Maraburong (opened 1 August 2001)
Penjara Wanita (Women's Prison)
References
External links
Brunei Prison Service
Brunei Prison Service
Prison Department
Prison and correctional agencies
Government agencies of Brunei
Go, You Redbirds is the fight song for the athletic teams of Illinois State University. It was written in 1932 by Kenyon S. Fletcher. The words have been changed from time to time. Prior to the fight song we know today, the Illinois State fight song was "Normal Loyalty." At sporting events when an ISU athletic team enters the field or floor, the students and fans sing the first stanza of “Go, You Redbirds.” A new growing Redbird tradition amongst several redbird teams is to sing the fight song with the marching band to the home crowd after victories. The line "Lets win this game" is changed to "We've won this game."
Lyrics
References
Trophy, w. t., years, t. R., & [+], h. w. (n.d.). Illinois State University Official Athletic Site - Traditions. Illinois State University Official Athletic Site. Retrieved March 20, 2011, from https://web.archive.org/web/20110711113646/http://www.goredbirds.com/trads/ilsu-trads-school-songs.html
Trophy, w. t., years, t. R., & [+], h. w. (n.d.). Illinois State University Official Athletic Site - Traditions. Illinois State University Official Athletic Site. Retrieved March 20, 2011, from https://web.archive.org/web/20101231151811/http://www.goredbirds.com/trads/fight-song.html
American college songs
Illinois State Redbirds
Missouri Valley Conference fight songs
1932 songs
"Back to the Primitive" is a nu metal song by Soulfly, released in 2000. The song, composed by Max Cavalera, is played as the first track of the second Soulfly album, Primitive.
Music and lyrics
The song features simple downtuned riffs, plus tribal drumming and blabbering; it also plays berimbau to begin the song. Lyrically, this political song is about demoting national government back to local tribal society. All choruses begin with 'Back to the Primitive', except for the first line of lyric ("one, two, three, four" in Portuguese) to begin the song, and verses containing just "primitive" per line.
Music video
The song begins with a berimbau, but it is not the case for the accompanying music video. Instead, the intro plays tribal percussion with 'Soulfly' chants alternately by Cavalera and spectators; the berimbau is shown, but not heard. The drumming intro lasts 29 seconds, compared to just 23 seconds for the berimbau intro. Interspersed in the video are religious imagery and people of different cultures while the band performs the song in front of an audience. At the end of the video, Ozzy Osbourne makes a cameo by saying "Primitive!" into the camera.
Track listing
include music video "Back to the Primitive"
Personnel
Soulfly
Max Cavalera – vocals, rhythm guitar, berimbau, producer
Mikey Doling – lead guitar
Marcello D. Rapp – bass, percussion
Joe Nunez – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Tom Araya – vocals on "Terrorist"
Toby Wright – producer
Andy Wallace – mixing
The Rootsman – remixing
Charts
References
Soulfly songs
2000 singles
2000 songs
Political songs
Roadrunner Records singles
Songs written by Max Cavalera
In mathematics, modular forms are particular complex analytic functions on the upper half-plane of interest in complex analysis and number theory. When reduced modulo a prime p, there is an analogous theory to the classical theory of complex modular forms and the p-adic theory of modular forms.
Reduction of modular forms modulo 2
Conditions to reduce modulo 2
Modular forms are analytic functions, so they admit a Fourier series. As modular forms also satisfy a certain kind of functional equation with respect to the group action of the modular group, this Fourier series may be expressed in terms of .
So if is a modular form, then there are coefficients such that .
To reduce modulo 2, consider the subspace of modular forms with coefficients of the -series being all integers (since complex numbers, in general, may not be reduced modulo 2).
It is then possible to reduce all coefficients modulo 2, which will give a modular form modulo 2.
Basis for modular forms modulo 2
Modular forms are generated by and :..
It is then possible to normalize and to and , having integers coefficients in their -series.
This gives generators for modular forms, which may be reduced modulo 2.
Note the Miller basis has some interesting properties
Once reduced modulo 2, and are just . That is, a trivial reduction.
To get a non-trivial reduction, mathematicians use the modular discriminant . It is introduced as a "priority" generator before and .
Thus, modular forms are seen as polynomials of , and (over the complex in general, but seen over integers for reduction), once reduced modulo 2, they become just polynomials of over .
The modular discriminant modulo 2
The modular discriminant is defined by an infinite product:
The coefficients that matches are usually denoted , and correspond to the Ramanujan tau function.
Results from Kolberg and Jean-Pierre Serre allows showing that modulo 2, we have:
i.e., the -series of modulo 2 consists of to powers of odd squares.
Hecke operators modulo 2
Hecke operators are commonly considered as the most important operators acting on modular forms.
It is therefore justified to try to reduce them modulo 2.
The Hecke operators for a modular form are defined as follows
with .
Hecke operators may be defined on the -series as follows:
if ,
then
with
Since modular forms were reduced using the -series, it makes sense to use the -series definition. The sum simplifies a lot for Hecke operators of primes (i.e. when is prime): there are only two summands. This is very nice for reduction modulo 2, as the formula simplifies a lot.
With more than two summands, there would be many cancellations modulo 2, and the legitimacy of the process would be doubtable. Thus, Hecke operators modulo 2 are usually defined only for primes numbers.
With a modular form modulo 2 with -representation , the Hecke operator on is defined by where
It is important to note that Hecke operators modulo 2 have the interesting property of being nilpotent.
Finding their order of nilpotency is a problem solved by Jean-Pierre Serre and Jean-Louis Nicolas in a paper published in 2012:.
The Hecke algebra modulo 2
The Hecke algebra may also be reduced modulo 2.
It is defined to be the algebra generated by Hecke operators modulo 2, over .
Following Serre and Nicolas's notations from
, i.e. .
Writing so that , define as the -subalgebra of given by and .
That is, if is a sub-vector-space of , we get .
Finally, define the Hecke algebra as follows:
Since , one can restrict elements of to to obtain an element of .
When considering the map as the restriction to , then is a homomorphism.
As is either identity or zero, .
Therefore, the following chain is obtained:
.
Then, define the Hecke algebra to be the projective limit of the above as .
Explicitly, this means
.
The main property of the Hecke algebra is that it is generated by series of and .
That is:
.
So for any prime , it is possible to find coefficients such that:
References
Modular forms
Algebraic number theory
Hiroki Iizuka may refer to the following:
Hiroki Iizuka (footballer)
Hiroki Iizuka (shogi)
Geoffrey de Bocland (fl. 1195-1224), was an English justice, both a lawyer and a churchman.
Life
He was a justiciar in the years 1195—7, 1201-4, and 1218, in all which years fines were levied before him on the feast of St. Margaret at Westminster. As early as the beginning of King John's reign he was connected with the exchequer, and as late as 1220 he was a justice itinerant in the county of Hereford.
His ecclesiastical career begins in 1200, when he was Archdeacon of Norfolk. Between 1200 and 1216 the churches of Tenham and Pageham were granted him, and in the latter year, 25 March, he is found dean of St. Martin's-le-Grand, preferment which he obtained from the crown. He was concerned in the First Barons' War in 1216, and twice in the year time and a safe-conduct were given him to appear before the king. In this year also his manor of Tacheworth in Herefordshire was forfeited and granted to Nicholas de Jelland.
On Henry III's accession he was restored to his judicial position, and in 1224 he was still alive. In that year a claim was made against him by the Archdeacon of Colchester for Newport, an important portion of his deanery, and he obtained a prohibition by writ against the archdeacon. Shortly before there had also been a dispute as to a vicarage in Colchester archdeaconry, that of Wytham, between Bocland and the canons of St. Martin's. The dean at last resigned whatever right he had to Eustace de Fauconbergh, Bishop of London, who granted it to the canons of St. Martin's, ordaining a perpetual vicarage there; and the grant was confirmed in 1222 under the seals of the bishop, dean, and chapter of St. Paul's, and dean and canons of St. Martin's. But by February 1231 he was dead, and had been succeeded by Walter de Maitland as dean of St. Martin's. Maitland was appointed 14 September 1225.
An elder brother of his, William de Bocland, married a daughter of Geoffrey de Saye, and sister-in-law of Geoffrey Fitz Peter, and on the latter's death in 1214 Geoffrey de Bocland was ordered to sell to the king, at the market price, the corn and stock on Fitz Peter's estate at Berkhampstead.
About the middle of the fourteenth century Maud, widow of William de Bocland, confirmed to the monastery of Walden the grant of the advowson of Essenham vicarage in the archdeaconry of Colchester.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
12th-century births
13th-century deaths
13th-century English people
Archdeacons
English lawyers
Archdeacons of Norfolk
12th-century English people
12th-century English clergy
13th-century English clergy
"Vibez" is a song by English singer-songwriter Zayn. It was released on 8 January 2021 through RCA Records as the second single from his third studio album, Nobody Is Listening. Zayn wrote the song with its producers, Rogét Chahayed and Scribz Riley, alongside Nija Charles and Darnell Donohue. The song marks his first release of the year and it was released only one week exactly before the album was released.
Release and promotion
On 7 January 2021, Zayn teased "Vibez" on Twitter with a small video of an animated stage, with the word "TOMORROW" written on it.
Music video
The official music video for "Vibez" premiered on 8 January 2021, only twelve hours after the song was released, and directed by Ben Mor.
Composition
Musically, "Vibez" is a R&B song. The song is set in common time and has a tempo of 97 beats per minute. It is written in the key of G major, and Zayn's vocals span from F3 to A4.
Charts
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Songs written by Nija Charles
Songs written by Rogét Chahayed
Songs written by Zayn Malik
Zayn Malik songs
RCA Records singles
Maria Sandra Marlene Dahlberg (born 13 March 1979) is a Swedish/Sami singer. She sings a mix of folk and pop music and has had hits as "Kom hem hel igen", "Här stannar jag kvar" (which she performed in Melodifestivalen 2004 and finished in 8th place) and "Jag tar det jag vill ha" (which she performed in Melodifestivalen 2006). In 2004, she released her album Här stannar jag kvar.
In 2008, she hosted the "Summer break morning" program Hej hej sommar.
In 2009, Dahlberg competed in the TV4 program Hjälp! Jag är med i en japansk tv-show.
Dahlberg was born in Klimpfjäll. She has a son called Vilmer (born 12 February 2007) by her former husband Jimmy Jansson (divorced in 2010).
References
Living people
1979 births
Swedish Sámi musicians
Melodifestivalen contestants
People from Vilhelmina Municipality
21st-century Swedish singers
21st-century Swedish women singers
The 2017–18 DePaul Blue Demons women's basketball team represents DePaul University during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Blue Demons, led by thirty-second year head coach Doug Bruno, play their home games at the Wintrust Arena. They were members of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 27–8, 15–3 in Big East play to share the Big East regular season title with Marquette. They won the Big East Women's Tournament by defeating Marquette in the championship game. They received an automatic bid to the NCAA women's tournament where they defeated Oklahoma in the first round before losing to Texas A&M in the second round.
This was the Blue Demons' first season at the new Wintrust Arena at the McCormick Place convention center. The arena is also the new home to the DePaul men's team.
Previous season
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Big East Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| NCAA Women's Tournament
Source:
Rankings
2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
References
DePaul
DePaul Blue Demons women's basketball seasons
Depaul
Depaul
DePaul
James Husker Lynch (born January 20, 1999) is an American football defensive end for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Baylor.
Early life and high school
Lynch grew up in Round Rock, Texas and attended Round Rock High School, playing defensive line and punter on the school's football team. He was named the District 13-6A lineman of the year in each of his final two high school seasons. As a senior, Lynch recorded 46 tackles, 14 tackles for loss, 8 sacks, 3 pass breakups, 3 fumbles recoveries and a forced fumble and punted 27 times for an average of 43.7 yards. He initially committed to play college football at Texas Christian before switching his commitment to USC. Lynch de-committed again during his senior year before deciding to play at Baylor.
College career
Lynch played in 11 games during his true freshman season as a member of the Bears' defensive tackle rotation and was named a Freshman All-American by ESPN after making 20 tackles (five for loss), three sacks (most among Big 12 freshmen) and a fumble recovery. As a sophomore, he led the team with 5.5 sacks and nine tackles for loss and was named first-team All-Big 12 by the Associated Press and to the second-team by the league's coaches.
Lynch was named preseason first-team All-Big 12 and to the Chuck Bednarik Award watchlist entering his junior season. Lynch was named first-team All-Big 12, the Big 12 Defensive Lineman of the Year, the conference Defensive Player of the Year and was a unanimous All-America selection after finishing the regular season with 41 tackles, 19.5 tackles for loss and a conference-high 13.5 sacks along with three forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries, five passes defended and two blocked kicks. Lynch announced that he would forgo his senior season to enter the 2020 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Lynch was selected by the Minnesota Vikings with the 130th overall pick in the fourth round of the 2020 NFL Draft. He made his NFL debut on October 11, 2020 against the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday Night Football and recorded his first career sack on Russell Wilson during the 27–26 loss.
Personal
Lynch's father, Tim, played linebacker for the University of Nebraska and gave him the middle name "Husker" after the school's mascot.
References
External links
Baylor Bears bio
1999 births
Living people
Players of American football from Texas
American football defensive tackles
Baylor Bears football players
People from Round Rock, Texas
All-American college football players
Minnesota Vikings players
436 may refer to:
436 BC
436 AD
436 Patricia, a large asteroid
Gliese 436, a red dwarf star with at least one known planet
Population 436, a 2006 film
HESA Shahed 285 () is a light attack/reconnaissance helicopter developed in Iran. It was unveiled on . It is being produced in two versions: a light attack/recon version and a maritime patrol/anti-ship version.
Design and development
The Shahed 285 is based on the composite Shahed-278, which is a relatively light helicopter with empty weight, derived from the Bell 206 Jetranger. Compared to the American OH-58 Kiowa that retains the airframe of the Bell 206, the Shahed 285 is a single-seater with a narrower fuselage, but retains the tail and powerplant / rotor structures, and is intended for military use. Although designed by the IRGC, this helicopter is scheduled to be produced by HESA.
Shahed 285 comes in two variants. AH-85A which is a land based variant and AH-85C which is a naval one. AH-85A is armed with 14 rockets and a PKMT light machine gun either on a rotatable turret or on a static mount, or an NSV heavy machine gun in an underfuselage gondola (the latest version). It also uses an EO/IR camera on its top.
Instead of the machine gun, AH-85C has a search and track radar on its chin to find and track enemy ships. Its range is estimated between . It either uses two Kowsar or eight Sadid-1 anti-ship missiles. To fire these missiles, AH-85C relies on a Multi-function display in its cockpit.
Specifications (Shahed 285 / AH-58A)
See also
Atlas XH-1 Alpha
Bell 207 Sioux Scout
Cicaré CH-14 Aguilucho
IAR 317 Airfox
References
External links
Military Factory
2000s Iranian helicopters
2000s Iranian military utility aircraft
Shahed 285
Military helicopters
The women's 800 metres event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 12 and 13 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Children's Home is a historic building at 427 Robeson Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1895 to replace an earlier wooden building. The Children's Home was founded in 1873 as a merger of the Fall River Orphan's Asylum and Children's Friend Society. It is an architecturally eclectic brick building, with asymmetrical massing and a complicated roofline typical of the Queen Anne Revival, but also with Colonial Revival features including its columned porch and bracketed cornice. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included a small stick-style picnic shelter also located on the property.
It is now owned by Citizens for Citizens, Inc.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Nili Rachel Scharf Gold (born 1948) is an Israeli-American professor of modern Hebrew language and literature in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at the University of Pennsylvania. Taking an interdisciplinary approach to the study of modern Hebrew literature, she draws in her research on approaches from psychoanalysis, urban history, diaspora and migration studies, and studies of collective and individual memory. She has published prize-winning books on the Israeli Hebrew poet, Yehuda Amichai, and on the cultural, social, and architectural aspects of the city of Haifa. She has promoted an awareness of modern Hebrew culture in the United States by sponsoring conferences about, and public readings and lectures by, a range of Israeli writers and filmmakers.
Origin, education, and career
Nili Rachel Scharf Gold was born in Haifa, Israel, in 1948, to German-speaking parents. She earned a B.A. degree in Hebrew literature and Education from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She came to the United States in 1972 and earned M.A. and PhD degrees from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTSA) in New York City. Under the supervision of Avraham Holtz, she wrote her doctoral thesis on the evolving artistic principles, or poetics, of the late works of Yehuda Amichai (1924-2000). From 1979 to 1998, she taught at Columbia University, in the Middle Eastern and Asian Languages and Cultures department. During the 1998–99 academic year, she was Associate Professor and Chair of the Hebrew Language department at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. She joined the faculty at the University of Pennsylvania in 2000.
Scholarship and publications
Gold's first book appeared in Hebrew in 1994. Entitled, Lo Kabrosh (“Not Like a Cypress”), this book considers the transformations of images and structures in the late poetry of Yehuda Amichai. This book won the Award for the Best First Book in Hebrew Literature from the Ministry of Science and Culture of the State of Israel. Writing in the Lexikon heksherim lesifrut yisre'elit ("Lexicon of Hebrew Literature"), literary critic Maayan Harel wrote that this book "opened new directions in the study of Amichai."
Gold's second book, which appeared in English in 2008, is entitled, Yehuda Amichai: The Making of Israel's National Poet, and traces the literary development of Amichai from the time of his childhood in Würzburg, Germany, following his family's emigration to mandatory Palestine in 1936, and later, after 1948, in Israel when he matured as a Hebrew poet. In the process she considers the vestigial influences of German on his Hebrew poetry. This book, which won the 2007 Lucius Littauer Foundation Publishing Award and the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise (AICE) publication grant for 2008, appeared in a revised edition in Hebrew in 2018. Writing in the Lexikon heksherim lesifrut yisre'elit ("Lexicon of Hebrew Literature"), literary critic Maayan Harel described Gold's book as a work of "poetic biography".
Gold's third book, Haifa: City of Steps appeared in 2017, and won the 2016 Lucius Littauer Foundation Publishing Award and the 2017 Schusterman Center for Israel Studies Publication Grant. This book traces the history of Haifa and its people from end of Ottoman rule in the opening years of the twentieth century, through the British mandate period in Palestine, and following the establishment of Israel in 1948. Gold arranges her narrative around five architectural landmarks in the neighborhood of Hadar HaCarmel, where the city's diverse Jewish and Arab lived and mingled. Highly interdisciplinary, blending literary, architectural and political history, and including elements of memoir, Haifa: City of Steps uses the biography of this city to illuminate the collective cultural history of its residents across a century of change.
Gold has published articles in a wide range of journals, including Prooftexts, the Jewish Quarterly Review, Hebrew Studies, Middle Eastern Literatures, and more. Her publications reflect her work on the role of Mother Tongue in literature written in an acquired language, as illustrated in the poetry of Natan Zach; her analyses of the avant-garde Israeli author Yoel Hoffmann; and her attention to the works of Hebrew women writers, such as Lea Goldberg, Dahlia Ravikovitch, and Judith Katzir.
Promotion of Modern Hebrew culture in the United States
Gold has taken an active role in promoting modern Hebrew works in English translation. At the University of Pennsylvania, she organized in 2004 an international conference featuring the work of Israeli novelist Amos Oz, who attended and spoke. She organized a similar international conference to celebrate the work of Aharon Appelfeld in 2011. In 2019, she hosted Israeli filmmaker Amos Gitai, who discussed his Hebrew film Tramway in Jerusalem. Among the other writers and filmmakers she has hosted are Sami Michael, Amir Guttfreund, Meir Wiezeltier, Dahlia Ravikovitch, Yitzhak Gormezano Goren, and Judith Katzir. She has pursued this interest in promoting modern Hebrew culture through translation, and by engaging in comparative literary studies in classes the University of Pennsylvania, where she has taught Hebrew literature in English translation relative to its Arabic, Persian, and Turkish counterparts.
Promotion of Middle Eastern film in the United States
Beginning in 2010, Gold has promoted Middle Eastern cinema in Philadelphia by organizing an annual Middle East Film Festival with support from Penn's Middle East Center and other campus departments and programs. This festival has featured films from a range of Middle Eastern and North African countries, such as Iran, Algeria, Egypt, Palestine, Turkey, and Morocco. In conjunction with this series, Gold also invited several Israeli filmmakers, such as Avi Nesher and Amos Gitai, to speak on campus.
References
1948 births
People from Haifa
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Hebrew-language literature
Jewish Theological Seminary of America alumni
Israeli American
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Jewish American academics
Jewish women writers
American women academics
Literary scholars
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Shahrak-e Enqelab () may refer to:
Shahrak-e Enqelab, Khuzestan
Shahrak-e Enqelab, Tehran
The black-headed whistler (Pachycephala monacha) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is found on the Aru Islands and New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
Some authorities have considered the black-headed whistler to be a subspecies of the rufous whistler.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
P. m. monacha – Gray, GR, 1858: Found on Aru Islands (off southwest New Guinea)
P. m. lugubris – Salvadori, 1881: Found in central New Guinea
References
black-headed whistler
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of New Guinea
black-headed whistler
black-headed whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Greatest Hits and Rare Classics is a compilation album by Rare Earth released February 26, 1991, by Motown Records. Three of these songs were top ten hits with a total of eight charting on the Billboard Hot 100 when originally released.
Critical reception
Andrew Hamilton reviewing the album for AllMusic writes, "This collection is marred by abbreviated versions of "Get Ready," "I Know I'm Losing You," and others. For fans who didn't purchase individual albums, though, this is a good overall view of their work." He concludes with, "Lead singer Peter Hoorelbeke had a powerful voice that didn't take a backseat to anybody's. Imagine if they had cut "War," and why didn't they?"
Track listing
Track information and credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Musicians
Rare Earth (Lineups are only of members during the period these tracks were recorded)
Gil Bridges – Saxophone, flute, background vocals (1960-current)
Rod Richards – Lead guitars, backing vocals (1960-1971)
Kenny James – Keyboards (1960-1971)
John Persh – Bass, trombone, background vocals (1960-1972)
Peter Hoorelbeke – Drums, lead vocals (1960-1974, 1976-1983)
Eddie Guzman – Percussion (1969-1993)
Ray Monette – Lead guitars, background vocals (1971-1976, 1977–2004, 2009-current)
Mike Urso – Bass, background vocals (1972-1974, 1976–1979, 1981-1983)
Mark Olson – Keyboards, backing vocals (1971-1974, 1977-1986)
Production
Producers
William "Smokey" Robinson (track 1)
Tom Baird (tracks 2, 4–7, 9, 11)
Rare Earth (tracks 7-11, 20)
Norman Whitfield (tracks 3, 12, 18-19)
Frank Wilson (Track 13)
John Ryan (tracks 14-15)
Stewart Levine (tracks 16-17)
Compilation
Produced by George Soloman
Mastered by John Matousek
References
External links
Rare Earth Official Site
Motown Records Official Site
1991 compilation albums
Rare Earth (band) albums
Motown compilation albums
The rivière de la Fourche (in English: river of the Fork) crosses the municipality of Saint-Philémon (MRC Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality), as well as Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland and Armagh, in the Bellechasse Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada .
The Fourche River is a tributary of the south shore of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) which flows north-west, then north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The Fourche river takes its name from the fact that the three head waterways (rivière des Orignaux, brook of Milieu and brook Beaudoin) converge together, forming a fork on the maps geographical areas, the handle of which points to the north-west.
The toponym “rivière de la Fourche” was made official on September 11, 1987, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality
One Jump Ahead is a 1955 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Paul Carpenter, Diane Hart, Jill Adams and Freddie Mills. The film was based on a novel by American crime novelist Robert H. Chapman. The screenplay concerns a journalist who helps police track down the killer of a female blackmailer. The title refers to the reporter's attempts to keep "one jump ahead" of the police in solving the crime.
Plot
Reporter Paul Banner, a Canadian "noozeman", works at the Daily Comet in England. When a young boy witnesses a murder, the killer mistakenly tracks down the boy's friend and kills who he thinks is the only witness to the crime. Banner becomes interested in getting to the bottom of the murders but complications arise when Judy (Jill Adams), his ex-love, becomes involved.
Banner sets out to find the killer, and has the help of Maxine (Diane Hart), a reporter with whom he works at the paper; the two have also been involved in a relationship. Together, they ferret out who the mystery killer is, keeping "one jump ahead" of the police.
Cast
Paul Carpenter as Paul Banner
Diane Hart as Maxine
Jill Adams as Judy
Freddie Mills as Bert Tarrant
Peter Sinclair as Old Tarrant
Arnold Bell as Superintendent Faro
David Hannaford as Brian
Roddy Hughes as Mac
Edward French as Jimmy Mumby
June Ashley as Betty West
Rose Howlett as Mrs. Mumby
Mary Jones as Mrs. Snell
Charles Lamb as Mr. Snell
Arthur Gross as Arthur Walker
Production
Director Charles Saunders also made Behind the Headlines (1956), the second of three crime thrillers based on the works of American novelist Robert Chapman. In 1958, he also directed Murder Reported. All three films had many similarities; the stories all revolved around a news reporter investigating a murder, each lead role played by Paul Carpenter, with different supporting casts. Saunders specialized in the B movie at the Kenilworth Films Production house which turned out 11 mainly crime thrillers between 1948 and 1956.
Critical reception
TV Guide gave One Jump Ahead two out of five stars and wrote, "... occasionally witty dialog enhances this B-bracket programmer." In a recent review, SkyChannel TV noted, "Not at all bad for a British co-feature of its time, with some good crackles of humour in the dialogue and a lively tempo. Ex-boxing champion Freddie Mills appears in one of several roles he played in British films of the 50s."
References
Notes
Bibliography
Chibnall, Steve and Brian McFarlane. The British 'B' Film. London: Palgrave MacMillan, 2009. .
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. London: Walter de Gruyter, 1999. .
External links
1955 films
1955 crime films
Films directed by Charles Saunders
British crime films
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
British black-and-white films
Paterson is an epic poem by American poet William Carlos Williams published, in five volumes, from 1946 to 1958. The origin of the poem was an eighty-five line long poem written in 1926, after Williams had read and been influenced by James Joyce's novel Ulysses. As he continued writing lyric poetry, Williams spent increasing amounts of time on Paterson, honing his approach to it both in terms of style and structure. While The Cantos of Ezra Pound and The Bridge by Hart Crane could be considered partial models, Williams was intent on a documentary method that differed from both these works, one that would mirror "the resemblance between the mind of modern man and the city."
While Williams might or might not have said so himself, commentators such as Christoper Beach and Margaret Lloyd have called Paterson his response to T.S. Eliot's The Waste Land and Pound's Cantos. The long gestation time of Paterson before its first book was published was due in large part to Williams's honing of prosody outside of conventional meter and his development of an overall structure that would stand on a par with Eliot and Pound yet remain endemically American, free from past influences and older forms.
The poem is composed of five books and a fragment of a sixth book. The five books of Paterson were published separately in 1946, 1948, 1949, 1951 and 1958, and the entire work collected under one cover in 1963. A revised edition was released in 1992. This corrected a number of printing and other textual errors in the original, especially discrepancies between prose citations in their original sources and how they appeared in Williams's poem. Paterson is set in Paterson, New Jersey, whose long history allowed Williams to give depth to the America he wanted to write about, and the Paterson Falls, which powered the town's industry, became a central image and source of energy for the poem.
Background
Initial Efforts
In 1926, influenced by his reading of the novel Ulysses by James Joyce, William Carlos Williams wrote an 85-line poem entitled "Paterson"; this poem subsequently won the Dial Award. His intent in this poem was to do for Paterson, New Jersey what Joyce had done for Dublin, Ireland, in Ulysses. Williams wrote, "All that I am doing (dated) will go into it." In July 1933, he reattempted the theme in an 11-page prose poem, "Life Along the Passaic River." By 1937, Williams felt he had enough material to start a large-scale poem on Paterson but realized that the project would take considerable time to complete. Moreover, his then-busy medical practice precluded his attempting such a project at that time. This did not stop Williams from taking some preliminary steps in the meanwhile. He wrote the poem "Paterson, Episode 17" in 1937 and would recycle it into the major work 10 years later. "Morning," written in 1938, was another poem intended for Paterson. In 1939, Williams sent James Laughlin at New Directions Publishing an 87-page sheaf of poems labeled "Detail and Parody for the Poem Paterson." This collection as such was not published. However, 15 of its "details," titled "For the Poem Patterson [spelling Williams]" appeared in the collection The Broken Span, which New Directions released in 1941.
Addressing The Waste Land
One reason Williams deliberated on Paterson was his longstanding concern about the poem The Waste Land by T.S. Eliot, which with its overall tone of disillusionment had tapped into a much larger sense of cultural ennui that had arisen in the aftermath of World War I and become a touchstone for the Lost Generation. As Margaret Lloyd states in her critical reappraisal of Paterson, "many critics and poets indicate their poetical inclinations by aligning themselves specifically with T.S. Eliot or William Carlos Williams, and ... Paterson was, from its very conception, intended to be a 'detailed reply' (SL, 239) to the Eliot bias of modern poetry."
To Williams, Eliot "had moved into a vacuum with his poem," in Mariani's words, and taken American poetry with it. Moreover, Eliot's use of conventional meter (though varied in places by speech rhythms) did not seem endemic to American speech and thus seemed outside the course that American poetry had seemed headed since the poetry of Walt Whitman. For American poetry (and by extension his own work) to progress, Williams argued, it needed to move away from foreign traditions and classic forms and essentially find its own way.
Hart Crane, with whom Williams was in contact, had felt similarly about The Waste Land. However, Williams dismissed Crane's reaction to The Waste Land, his long poem The Bridge, as "a direct step backward to the bad poetry of any age but especially to that triumphant regression [French symbolism] which followed Whitman and imitates...the Frenchman [Mallarmé] and came to a head in T.S. Eliot excellently." Williams also studied The Cantos by Ezra Pound, the first 30 parts of which appeared in 1931. While Williams noted that Pound, in Mariani's words, "had managed to lift the language to new heights," he had also "deformed the natural order of speech at times...while somehow saving the excellences and even the forms of old."
Developing Form and Method
Williams, according to Mariani, concluded that tackling Paterson meant "to find a way beyond Eliot's poetic, and beyond Pound's, as well...in sculpting the words themselves, words with hard, concrete, denotative jagged edges." At the same time, the New Jersey dialect the poet wanted to set into verse could sound, as biographer Paul Mariani phrases it, "unrelievedly flat." In a note that accompanied the "Detail and Parody" manuscript he sent to New Directions, Williams told Laughlin and his associate Jim Higgins, "They are not, in some ways, like anything I have written before but rather plainer, simpler, more crudely cut...I too have to escape from my own modes." The formal solution eluded Williams into the early 1940s. In December 1943, he wrote Laughlin, "I write and destroy, write and destroy. [Paterson is] all shaped up on outline and intent, the body of the thinking is finished but the technique, the manner and the method are unresolvable to date." Finding a form of American vernacular that would facilitate poetic expression, which approximated speech rhythms but avoided the regularity of their patterns as both Joyce and Walt Whitman had done, proved a long trial-and-error process. This period proved doubly frustrating as Williams became impatient with his progress; he wanted to "really go to work on the ground and dig up a Paterson that would be a true Inferno."
Williams also studied Pound's Cantos for clues on how to structure the large work he had in mind. Muriel Rukeyser's US1 also caught Williams' attention for its use, with a technical skill that seemed to rival Pound's in The Cantos, of such diverse and seemingly prosaic materials as notes from a congressional investigation, an X-ray report and a physician's testimony on cross-examination. He wrote to fellow poet Louis Zukofsky, "I've begun to think about poetic form again. So much has to be thought out and written out there before we can have any solid criticism and consequently well-grounded work here."
In 1944, Williams read a poem by Byron Vazakas in Partisan Review that would help lead him to solutions in form and tone for Paterson. Vazakas had written to Williams before the poem had appeared. Williams now wrote Vazakas, praising him for the piece and urging him to collect some of his work into a book. He also asked to see more of Vazakas's work as soon as possible. According to Mariani, the way Vazakas combined "a long prose line" and "a sharply defined, jagged-edged stanza" to stand independent of each other yet remain mutually complementary suggested a formal solution. Williams also found an "extension, a loosening up" in tone in Vazakas's poems—an approach Williams would find seconded in the poem "America" by Russell Davenport in Life Magazine that November. Between these works and Williams's own continued efforts, he hit upon what Mariani calls the "new conversational tone—authoritative, urbane, assured" that Williams sought for his large-scale work. By late June 1944, Williams was working in earnest on the notes he had accumulated for Paterson, "gradually arranging and rearranging the stray bits with the more solid sections" as he approached a "first final draft" of what would become Paterson I.
In his preface to the revised edition of Paterson, editor Christopher MacGowan points out that, even with Williams' protracted challenges in finalizing the poem's form, he "seems to have always felt close to the point of solving his formal problems." He promised it to Laughlin for the Spring 1943 book list of New Directions. He told Laughlin April 1944 that Paterson was "near finished" and nine months later that it was "nearing completion." Even after he had received the galley proofs of Book I in September 1945, Williams was dissatisfied and revised the work extensively. This delayed its appearance in print to June 1946.
Composition
Williams saw the poet as a type of reporter who relays the news of the world to the people. He prepared for the writing of Paterson in this way:
The Poetry Foundation's biography on Williams notes the following source: With roots in his [short] 1926 poem [also entitled] "Paterson," Williams took the city as "my 'case' to work up. It called for a poetry such as I did not know, it was my duty to discover or make such a context on the 'thought'."
While writing the poem, Williams struggled to find ways to incorporate the real world facts obtained during his research in preparation for its writing. On a worksheet for the poem, he wrote, "Make it factual (as the Life is factual-almost casual-always sensual-usually visual: related to thought)". Williams considered, but ultimately rejected, putting footnotes into the work describing some facts. Still, the style of the poem allowed for many opportunities to incorporate 'factual information', including portions of his own correspondence with the American poet Marcia Nardi and fellow New Jersey poet Allen Ginsberg as well as historical letters and articles concerning figures from Paterson's past (like Sam Patch and Mrs. Cumming) that figure thematically into the poem.
Response
The Poetry Foundation biography on Williams notes the following critical response to Williams' Modernist epic: <blockquote> [Williams biographer James] Breslin reported "reception of the poem never exactly realized his hopes for it." Paterson'''s mosaic structure, its subject matter, and its alternating passages of poetry and prose helped fuel criticism about its difficulty and its looseness of organization. In the process of calling Paterson an "'Ars Poetica' for contemporary America," Dudley Fitts complained, "it is a pity that those who might benefit most from it will inevitably be put off by its obscurities and difficulties." Breslin, meanwhile, accounted for the poem's obliqueness by saying, "Paterson has a thickness of texture, a multi-dimensional quality that makes reading it a difficult but intense experience."</blockquote>
Poet/critic Randall Jarrell praised Book I of the poem with the following assessment:Paterson (Book I) seems to me the best thing William Carlos Williams has ever written. . .the organization of Paterson is musical to an almost unprecedented degree. . . how wonderful and unlikely that this extraordinary mixture of the most delicate lyricism of perception and feeling with the hardest and homeliest actuality should ever have come into being! There has never been a poem more American.
However, Jarrell was greatly disappointed with Books II, III, and IV of the poem, writing the following: Paterson has been getting rather steadily worse [with each subsequent Book]... All three later books are worse organized, more eccentric and idiosyncratic, more self-indulgent, than the first. And yet that is not the point, the real point: the poetry, the lyric rightness, the queer wit, the improbable and dazzling perfection of so much of Book I have disappeared—or at least, reappear only fitfully.
Awards
The U.S. National Book Award was reestablished in 1950 with awards by the book industry to authors of 1949 books in three categories. William Carlos Williams won the first National Book Award for Poetry.
See also
Paterson (film)
Latino poetry
References
Sources
Beach, Christopher, The Cambridge Introduction to Twentieth-Century American Poetry (Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press, 2003). .
Holsapple, Bruce, "Williams on Form: Kora in Hell". In Hatlen, Burton and Demetres Tryphonopoulous (eds), William Carlos Williams and the Language of Poetry (Orono, Maine: The National Poetry Foundation, 2002). .
Layne, George W., "Rephrasing Whitman: Williams and the Visual Idiom." In Hatlen, Burton and Demetres Tryphonopoulous (eds), William Carlos Williams and the Language of Poetry (Orono, Maine: The National Poetry Foundation, 2002). .
Lloyd, Margaret, William Carlos William's Paterson: A Critical Reappraisal (London and Cranbury, New Jersey: Associated University Press, 1980). .
Mariani, Paul, William Carlos Williams: A New World Naked (New York: McGraw Hill Book Company, 1981). .
Williams, William Carlos, ed. Christopher MacGowan, Paterson: Revised Edition'' (New York: New Directions, 1992). .
American poems
1963 poetry books
American poetry collections
Poetry by William Carlos Williams
National Book Award for Poetry winning works
Epic poems in English
1963 poems
Modernist poems
The black-crested tit (Periparus ater melanolophus), also known as the spot-winged tit, is a bird in the family Paridae. It was formerly considered a species, but is now widely considered a subspecies of the coal tit.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in boreal forests and temperate forests in the northern parts of the Indian subcontinent, mainly in the Himalayas, ranging across Afghanistan, Bhutan, India, Nepal and Pakistan.
Taxonomy
The black-crested tit was formerly considered its own species closely related to the coal tit, but the two are now widely considered conspecific based on similar vocalizations and behavior, along with paraphyly of the traditional coal tit if black-crested tit is excluded. It intergrades with the coal tit subspecies P. a. aemodius in western Nepal.
Gallery
black-crested tit
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
black-crested tit
black-crested tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The cinereous becard (Pachyramphus rufus) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. The term cinereous describes its colouration. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy
The cinereous becard was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1779 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne, French Guiana. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Muscicapa rufa in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. The cinereous becard is now placed in the genus Pachyramphus that was introduced in 1839 by the English zoologist George Robert Gray. The generic name is from the Ancient Greek pakhus meaning "stout" or "thick" and rhamphos meaning "bill". The specific epithet rufus is Latin for "red".
References
Pachyramphus
Birds described in 1783
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Karapu is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2549 people living in 509 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,246, in 342 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The men's 200 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 23 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Wind: +1.7 m/s
Semifinals
23 July
Semifinal 1
Wind: +1.9 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: +1.9 m/s
Quarterfinals
22 July
Quarterfinal 1
Wind: +0.6 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind: +1.4 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind: +1.8 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind: +0.9 m/s
Heats
22 July
Heat 1
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0.0 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: +1.3 m/s
Heat 5
Wind: +0.6 m/s
Heat 6
Wind: +1.2 m/s
Heat 7
Wind: +1.8 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 51 athletes from 38 countries participated in the event.
References
200 metres
200 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Lecchese is a dialect of Western Lombard language spoken in the city and suburbs of Lecco (Lombardy).
Characteristics
It has the characteristic, in contrast with the other Comasco-Lecchese dialects, to be influenced by Brianzöö, Valsassinese, Valtellinese and Bergamasque (an Eastern Lombard variety spoken in and around the city of Bergamo).
Grammar
In the use of vergót (coming from Eastern Lombard) instead of Comasco quajcòss (="something"). Another characteristic is the presence of close "e" instead of "i", and of close "o" instead of "u"; the use of suffixes "-om", "-on" instead of "-amm", "-ã"; the use of suffix "-én" instead of "-ĩ"; the use of article "ul".
See also
Lecchese orthography
Lombard language
Bibliography
Andrea Rognoni, Grammatica dei dialetti della Lombardia, Oscar Mondadori, 2005.
Amanzio Aondio - Felice Bassani, Passato da ricordare, Cattaneo Editore Oggiono - Lecco, 1990.
Western Lombard language
Florian Vogel (born 18 February 1982) is a Swiss professional racing cyclist.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Career highlights
2000
2nd UEC European Junior XCO Championships
2004
1st in Martigny - Mauvoisin (SUI)
2nd in Prologue GP Tell (SUI)
2005
1st National XCO Championships
2nd in Frenkendorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2006
3rd in Fort William, Mountainbike (GBR)
2nd in Schladming, Mountainbike (AUT)
3rd in Fehraltorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007
3rd UCI World XCO Championships
3rd National XCO Championships
2nd in Uster, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
3rd in Meilen, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2nd in Schmerikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2008
1st UEC European XCO Championships
3rd in Dübendorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2009
3rd UCI World XCO Championships
2011
3rd UEC European XCO Championships
2017
1st European XCO Championships
2019
2nd UEC European XCO Championships
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Swiss male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Cross-country mountain bikers
Olympic cyclists of Switzerland
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People from Aarau
Swiss mountain bikers
Sportspeople from Aargau
The Changhua County Council (CHCC; ) is the elected county council of Changhua County, Taiwan. The council composes of 54 councilors elected in local elections held every four years.
History
The council was originally established and held its first meeting on 4 February 1951 with 10 constituencies. In 1953, the constituencies was reduced to 9.
Organization
Speaker
Secretary-General
Secretary
Office Administration
Office of Council Affairs
Office of General Affairs
Office of Accounting
Office of Legal
Office of Personnel
Constituencies
1st constituency: Changhua City, Huatan Township, Fenyuan Township
2nd constituency: Fuxing Township, Lukang Township, Xiushui Township
3rd constituency: Hemei Township, Shengang Township, Xianxi Township
4th constituency: Yuanlin City, Dacun Township, Yongjing Township
5th constituency: Puxin Township, Puyan Township, Xihu Township
6th constituency: Ershui Township, Shetou Township, Tianzhong Township
7th constituency: Beidou Township, Pitou Township, Tianwei Township, Xizhou Township
8th constituency: Dacheng Township, Erlin Township, Fangyuan Township, Zhutang Township
9th constituency: First natives dwelling in various cities, towns and villages
Access
The council building is accessible within walking distance East from Changhua Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Changhua County Government
References
External links
Changhua County
County councils of Taiwan
Cristina Peri Rossi (born 12 November 1941) is a Uruguayan novelist, poet, translator, and author of short stories.
Considered a leading light of the post-1960s period of prominence of the Latin-American novel, she has written more than 37 works. She has been a pioneer and one of the female authors associated to the Latin American Boom. Peri Rossi has lived in Barcelona since 1972, after a civic-military dictatorship was established in Uruguay and censored her works. She has translated into Spanish authors such as Clarice Lispector and Monique Wittig. She has worked for several newspapers and media agencies such as Diario 16, El Periódico and Agencia EFE.
Peri Rossi won the Miguel de Cervantes Prize in 2021, the most prestigious literary award in the Spanish-speaking world.
Life
She was born in Montevideo, Uruguay, 12 November 1941, but was exiled in 1972 after a civic-military dictatorship was established. She moved to Spain, where she became a citizen in 1975. she lives in Barcelona, where she continues to write fiction and work as a journalist. She studied at the University of the Republic.
Journalism
Cristina Peri Rossi is active as a journalist and political commentator in Barcelona. She is a radio journalist for the public Catalan station Catalunya Radio. She was fired from this position in October 2007 and accused the station of 'linguistic persecution', claiming she was fired for speaking Spanish instead of Catalan. She was later re-instated to her post after an outcry.
She is well known for her defense of civil liberties and freedom of expression. She has long supported gay marriage and welcomed Spain's decision to recognize it.
In an El Mundo article in March 2006, she spoke out against the rise of religious extremism in Europe, and specifically the violence that followed the 'Danish Cartoons Affair'. In the article she expresses her support to the 'Together Facing the New Totalitarianism' Manifesto, which was published in the left-leaning French weekly Charlie Hebdo in March 2006.
Literary criticism
She was part of the Latin American Boom, a movement associated with authors such as Gabriel García Márquez, Mario Vargas Llosa, Julio Cortázar and Carlos Fuentes.
La nave de los locos (The Ship of Fools) (1984) is generally regarded by critics as Peri Rossi's most important work. It is an experimental novel which takes the form of a pastiche of travel writing. The protagonist, Equis, is a misfit who travels to a number of deliberately vague locations. By inviting the reader to see modern society through the eyes of Equis, Peri Rossi is using the technique of defamiliarisation to produce a biting satire of today's world. This includes a strong dose of feminism: Equis eventually renounces his own sexuality, declaring that there is "harmony in impotence," which can be read as a denouncement of patriarchial and phallogocentric society. More generally, the work shows toleration and arguably even idealisation of sexualities that have been traditionally considered dissident, including gerontophilia and controversially, in the character Morris' love for a ten-year-old boy, pedophilia. The novel exposes the dangers of arbitrary dictatorial government in its inclusion an emotional depiction of a concentration camp in a country which remains unspecified, but which could be based on any of the various Latin American dictatorships of the latter half of the twentieth century. The title of the book is taken from the Ship of Fools legend, which is reworked by Peri Rossi in the novel itself. The novel shows sympathy for those condemned to the ship of fools and there is a clear parallel between this medieval episode and the modern-day aforementioned concentration camp passage.
The themes established in La nave de los locos are ones which Rossi revisits in other works. Her latest novels include Solitario de amor (Solitaire of Love) (1989), La última noche de Dostoievski (Dostoyevsky's Last Night) (1992) and El amor es una droga dura (Love is a hard drug) (1999). All of these novels are formally less experimental than Nave. They deal with male protagonists who, like Equis, gradually explore their sexualities, discovering that they have to renounce traditional gender roles both in sexual behaviour and in the real world to find fulfilment. However, there is little political commentary in these novels.
Peri Rossi has also produced an impressive amount of poetry, again covering many of the ideas outlined above. The lesbian eroticism of Evohé (1971) caused a scandal when first released.
In 2004, Peri Rossi published Por fin solos, a collection of short stories where love is a result of eroticism and frustration. The lovers, whatever their condition or sex, seek a reason in the beloved so that they may feel saved, as is the case in "Náufragos". Peri Rossi also uses (determinedly) symbols that link with the deterioration of heterosexual relationships, such as the bottle of lye, the scarf, and flowers, among others. Peri Rossi's book Estrategias del Deseo, which was also published in 2004, was found so moving and inspiring by Latina lesbian writer Tatiana de la tierra that de la tierra decided to translate the book to English (Strategies of Desire).
Complete list of published works
Viviendo (1963) - "Living" (Short Story)
Los museos abandonados (1968) - "Abandoned Museums" (Short Story)
El libro de mis primos (1969) - "My Cousin's Book" (Novel)
Indicios pánicos (1970) - "Panicky Omens" (Short Story)
Evohé (1971) - (Poetry)
Descripción de un naufragio - "Description of a Shipwreck" (Poetry)
Diáspora (1976) - "Diaspora" (Poetry)
La tarde del dinosaurio (1976) - "The Dinosaur's Evening" (Short Story)
Lingüística general (1979) - "General Linguistics" (Poetry)
La rebelión de los niños (1980) - "Kids' Rebellion" (Short Story)
El museo de los esfuerzos inútiles (1983) - "Museum of The Useless Efforts" (Short Story)
La nave de los locos (1984) - "Crazies' Ship" (Novel)
Una pasión prohibida (1986) - "Forbidden Passion" (Short Story)
Europa después de la lluvia (1987) - "Post-Rain Europe" (Poetry)
Solitario de amor (1988) - "Love Solitaire" (Novel)
Cosmoagonías (1988) - "Cosmoagonies" (Short Story)
Fantasías eróticas (1990) - "Erotic Fantasies" (Essay)
Acerca de la escritura (1991) - "On Writing" (Essay)
Babel bárbara (1991) - (Poetry)
La última noche de Dostoievski (1992) - "Dostoievski's Last Night" (Novel)
La ciudad de Luzbel y otros relatos (1992) - "Luzbel's City and Other Stories" (Short Stories)
Otra vez Eros (1994) - "Eros, Again" (Poetry)
Aquella noche (1996) - "That Night" (Poetry)
Inmovilidad de los barcos (1997) - "Ships's Stiffness" (Poetry)
Desastres íntimos (1997) - "Intimate Disasters" (Short Stories)
Poemas de amor y desamor (1998) - "Poems of Love and Lovelessness" (Poetry)
Las musas inquietantes (1999) - "The Disturbing Muses" (Poetry)
El amor es una droga dura (1999) - "Love is a Hard Drug" (Novel)
Estado de exilio (2003) - "State of Exile" (Poetry)
Por fin solos (2004) - "Alone At Last" (Short Stories)
Estrategias del deseo (2004) - "Strategies of Desire" (Poetry)
State of Exile (2008)
English translations
A Forbidden Passion, Mary J. Treacy translator, Cleis Press, 1993. ,
Dostoevsky's last night, New York : Picador USA, 1996. ,
Evohé : poemas eróticos = Erotic poems, Washington, D.C., USA : Azul Editions, 1994. ,
Solitaire of Love, Robert S. Rudder; Gloria Arjona, translators, Duke University Press, 2000. , (short Stories)
The ship of fools : a novel, Columbia, LA : Readers International, 2000. ,
Panic Signs, Mercedes Rowinsky-Geurts; Angelo Augusto Borrás, translators, Wilfrid Laurier University Press, Toronto, 2002. , (short stories)
Intimate disasters''', Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: Latin American Literary Review Press, 2014. , Afternoon of the Dinosaur, Robert S. Rudder; Gloria Arjona, translators, RSR Pub., ,
Anthologies
Majorie Agosin, (ed) These are Not Sweet Girls: Poetry by Latin American Women, White Pine Press, New York, 1998. (English translations of poetry by Cristina Peri Rossi, Gabriela Mistral, and Giannina Braschi).The Best of Review: Celebrating the Americas Society's 40th Anniversary,'' editors Tess O'Dwyer and Doris Sommer, Routledge, Francis & Taylor, London, 2005. (English translation excerpts of Latin American literary classics by Cristina Peri Rossi and her contemporaries Luisa Valenzuela, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Derek Walcott, and Giannina Braschi).
References
External links
Official Web site in Spanish
Cristinaperirossi.org (Unofficial Web site in English)
Profile at escritoras.com (Google translation)
Full text of her short story "Rumors" at WordsWithoutBorders.org
1941 births
Living people
Uruguayan expatriates in Spain
Uruguayan women novelists
Uruguayan novelists
Premio Cervantes winners
20th-century Uruguayan poets
Uruguayan women short story writers
Uruguayan translators
Uruguayan people of Italian descent
Uruguayan women poets
Uruguayan activists
Lesbian writers
LGBT writers from Uruguay
LGBT writers from Spain
20th-century novelists
20th-century translators
20th-century short story writers
20th-century Uruguayan women writers
21st-century Uruguayan women writers
21st-century Uruguayan writers
Portuguese–Spanish translators
Recipients of the Delmira Agustini Medal
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Montserrat station is an MBTA Commuter Rail Newburyport/Rockport Line station located in Beverly, Massachusetts. Located between Spring Street and Essex Street (MA-22), it serves the eastern part of Beverly and as a park-and-ride station for the North Shore, with easy access from Route 128. Montserrat station has mini-high platforms serving each track, making it accessible.
The station originally opened in 1874. The ticket office in the station building closed on February 22, 1952. The station building was demolished by 1977.
References
External links
MBTA - Montserrat
Station from Essex Street from Google Maps Street View
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1874
Durga Das (; 23 November 1900 – 17 May 1974) was a veteran Indian journalist, author and a social worker who was the founding president of the Press Club of India. A longtime parliamentary correspondent and editor with the Associated Press of India, he worked in several newspaper publications, including The Statesman, The Times of India and lastly the Hindustan Times, serving as its editor-in-chief from 1957 till 1959 before he went on to establish his own news agency, India News and Feature Alliance (INFA) in late 1959. He had famously authored three books, Ram Rajya in Action (1956), India and the World (1958) and India From Curzon to Nehru and After (1969).
Early life and education
Durga Das was born on 23 November 1900 in Aur, a village in present day Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab. He attended an Arya Samaj-run school in Jalandhar and graduated with a bachelors degree from Dayanand Anglo Vedic College (now Government Islamia College) in late 1910s.
Career
After graduating from Dayanand Anglo Vedic College, he joined the Associated Press of India in 1918 and served as its Parliamentary Correspondent till 1937. He later joined the Calcutta-based The Statesman as its Special Representative and worked there till 1943. In 1944, he joined the Hindustan Times and went on to serve as its editor-in-chief from 1957 till 1959, before taking temporary retirement to establish organizations like the Press Club of India and India News and Feature Alliance (INFA).
Personal life
Das had married to Ratan Devi, and had four sons and two daughters from her. He liked playing tennis and enjoyed swimming. Due to his five decades long journalistic career, he personally knew numerous political figures, including Viscount Chelmsford, Louis Mountbatten, Bal Tilak, Mahatma Gandhi, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Jawaharlal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri and Indira Gandhi.
Death and legacy
Durga Das died on 17 May 1974 due to cardiac arrest in New Delhi, India. The then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi sent condolences to his family. President V. V. Giri sent also sent condolences and described him as "one my best friends in life" and a "great journalist". The New York Times described him as the "Chronicler of the Freedom Movement for 50 Years". In 2003, nearly 29 years after his death, the Indian government led by Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee released a commemorative stamp in his honor.
References
1900 births
1974 deaths
The Fine Art Trade Guild is an organisation representing the fine art and framing industry. Based in London, the Guild operates primarily in the United Kingdom and Ireland, also in a smaller capacity in New Zealand.
History
The first fine art trade association or guild was the Printsellers' Association, founded in 1847. The Fine Art Trade Guild was founded in 1910 and represents members as well as assuming the purpose of its predecessor in trying to "preserve the integrity of the limited edition print". More recently Colin Ruffell was the first artist to be elected as Master of the Guild in 2008, serving in this role for two years.
The Guild celebrated its Centenary in 2010.
Role
The Guild sets standards and guidelines for prints and picture framing.
The Guild also acts as a regulatory body and has established ethics and operative standards for its members, as well as providing information for customers who buy art or framing services.
Membership
The Guild's membership comprises mainly galleries and framers, but it also represents artists.
Notable members
In 2014 Jorge Aguilar-Agon was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award and given an honorary membership of the Fine Art Trade Guild in recognition of his long service to the Guild and his lifelong career as a professional artist.
See also
Giclée
Framing
Professional Picture Framers Association
References
External links
Official website
Art and design-related professional associations
Professional associations based in the United Kingdom
Picture framing
Ryan Seaton may refer to:
Ryan Seaton (singer) (born 1979), gospel singer
Ryan Seaton (sailor), Northern Ireland-born sailor who competed at the 2012 Olympics
Ryan Seaton, member of the band Callers
Pumphouse is the seventh full-length studio album released under the name of the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade. The album was actually recorded by the band Pumphouse, which was the outfit founded in the early 90s by Alan Marsh, Tokyo Blade original vocalist, after his band Mr. Ice had folded. The British label Zoom Club released the collection of songs in 1998 under the name Tokyo Blade, after the members of Pumphouse Marsh, Riggs and Angel had joined Andy Boulton and John Wiggins to record Burning Down Paradise in 1995 and to tour in Europe as Tokyo Blade.
Track listing
"Like You Not-Not" – 4:29
"The Ultimate High" – 5:42
"Gerald's Game" – 5:10
"Pay the Man" – 3:37
"Wrong Chair" – 4:48
"It's Only Money" – 3:59
"Character Assassination" – 4:49
"S.O.S." – 4:08
"All Work No Play" – 3:41
"SNAFU" – 3:34
"Having a Bad Day" – 3:37
Personnel
Pumphouse
Alan Marsh – vocals
Jez Lee – guitar
Ian "Attila" Marshall – keyboards
Colin Riggs – bass
Marc Angel – drums
References
1998 albums
Tokyo Blade albums
Hermann Nitsch (29 August 1938 – 18 April 2022) was an Austrian contemporary artist and composer. His art encompassed wide-scale performances incorporating theater, multimedia, rituals and acted violence. He was a leading figure of Viennese Actionism.
Life
Born in Vienna, Nitsch received training in painting when he studied at the Wiener Graphische Lehr-und Versuchanstalt, during which time he was drawn to religious art. He is associated with the Vienna Actionists—a loosely affiliated group of off-kilter and confrontational Austrian artists which also includes Günter Brus, Otto Muehl, and Rudolf Schwarzkogler.
Nitsch's abstract 'splatter' paintings, like his performance pieces were inspired by his neutral perspective on humanity and being human. In the 1950s, Nitsch conceived of the Orgien Mysterien Theater (which roughly translates as Theatre of Orgies and Mysteries or The Orgiastic Mystery Theater) and staged nearly 100 performances between 1962 and 1998.
In 1966 he was with Yoko Ono, Gustav Metzger, Günter Brus, Otto Muehl, Wolf Vostell, Juan Hidalgo, and others, as a participant of the Destruction in Art Symposium (DIAS) in London.
Art
In 1962, together with Otto Muehl and Adolf Frohner, he performed the three-part action “The Blood Organ” in Vienna, for which a joint manifesto was published. At the beginning of the 1960s, he developed the main ideas for his Orgie Mysterien Theater. Nitsch's Orgien Mysterien Theater performances (or Aktionen, as he called them) can be considered to have been both ritualistic and existential. The scene often involved slaughters, religious sacrifices, and crucifixion, as well as blood and flesh. The performances were also accompanied by music, dancing, and active participants. In his first Orgie Mysterien Theater performance, Nitsch and his friends used animal carcasses, entrails, and blood similarly to a ritual. The cloths, bandages, and other fabrics used in these performances introduced Nitsch to the idea of making paintings.
From 1971 on Nitsch organized his “Orgy-Mystery Games” at the Prinzendorf Castle area he acquired, including the high point of his life's work, the great “6-Day Game” in the summer of 1998, directed by Alfred Gulden.
In 1972, Nitsch participated in Documenta 5 in Kassel, curated by Harald Szeemann; he was also represented at Documenta 7 in 1982. In 1975, Marina Abramović took part in a Nitsch performance. In addition upon occasion Christoph Schlingensief also participated in the work of Nitsch.
Nitsch was repeatedly invited to bring his conceptions of art and ritual to the opera. In 1995, he co-directed the Vienna State Opera and created the sets and costumes for Jules Massenet's opera Hérodiade. In 2001, Nitsch was responsible for the stage design and costumes for the performance of the Gandhi opera Satyagraha by the American composer Philip Glass in the Festspielhaus St. Pölten in Lower Austria. In 2005, he created the equipment for Igor Stravinsky's Le Renard. In 2007, he directed the scenes from Goethe's Faust by Robert Schumann at the Zurich Opera House. In 2011 he was responsible for the scenic conception, design, stage design, and costumes for Saint François d'Assise by Olivier Messiaen at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich.
Nitsch's worldview was strongly influenced by mystical authors, but also by de Sade, Friedrich Nietzsche, Sigmund Freud, and Antonin Artaud, among others. In his theoretical book Orgien-Mysterien-Theater, Nitsch stated that his actions and images should first cause disgust in the audience, then catharsis. The combining of real animal carcasses and real blood with religious content such as the crucifixion and the immaculate conception were consciously used by Nitsch in order to bring the viewer to reflect on symbolic topoi such as blood and death that are often repressed in everyday life, which also play a central role in Christianity. Christian viewers and numerous critics perceived his actions and works as blasphemy.
In addition to his theater of orgies and mysteries, Nitsch was also active as a composer and writer. His actions are noted in meticulously notated scores which, in addition to instructions and texts, also contain graphically notated pieces of music.
Because he offended not only animal rights activists, but also theologians and representatives of public morality, his work is highly controversial. Conversely, some action and performance artists, including former comrades-in-arms, distance themselves from what they consider to be the overly religious element of his work. In terms of content, his art at Prinzendorf Castle can certainly be interpreted as an attempt at a counter to Richard Wagner's Bayreuth.
From November 1988 to January 1989, the Städtische Galerie in the Lenbachhaus in Munich showed some of the artist's works as part of the solo exhibition "Nitsch - Das Bildnerische Werk".
He performed the "2-day game" campaign in summer 2004. On 19 November 2005, the 122nd action of the Orgies-Mysteries-Theater took place at Vienna's Burgtheater as part of the 50th anniversary celebrations for the reopening after World War II.
On 24 May 2007, the “Hermann Nitsch Museum” was opened in the Mistelbach Museum Center, which led to protests among parts of the Mistelbach population. In Naples on 13 September 2008, Nitsch's long-time gallery owner Peppe Morra opened a museum dedicated exclusively to Nitsch's work, the “Museo Archivio Laboratorio per le Arti Contemporanee Hermann Nitsch”, which was set up in a former power station.
In the Weinviertel, not far from his Prinzendorf Castle, Nitsch owned a vineyard. The yields from it are pressed according to traditional standards and filled into double-liter bottles. Since the 2006 vintage, the Nitsch-Doppler, whose label Hermann Nitsch artistically redesigned every year, has been presented to the public in Vienna.
He exhibited his works during the 2017 Venice Biennale at the European Cultural Centre.
Most recently, in 2020, 80 current works were shown at the Museum Mistelbach in the exhibition Hermann Nitsch - New Works. After the color red, which he used earlier in his artistic work, and after the color yellow - the color of light and resurrection - Nitsch used bright colors in his late creative days. His endeavor was to bring sounds, tastes, and tactile sensations onto the canvas with his own hands. He was inspired by peonies and other flowers. His late work has an optimistic and life-affirming effect through the floral color symphonies and the transcendent lightness. [15]
Art market
Nitsch's estate is represented by Pace Gallery (since 2022) and Galerie Kandlhofer.
Controversy
Because of their intense and graphic nature, often using nude performers and blood, Nitsch was subject to several court trials with charges of gross public indecency, and even sentences of three prison terms, because of his artworks. It has been suggested by critics that his work may exemplify certain peoples' fascination with, and desensitization to, violence.
References
Sources
Stark, Ekkehard. Hermann Nitschs 'Orgien Mysterien Theater' und die "Hysterie der Griechen." Quellen und Traditionen in Wiener Atikedild seit 1900
Winkler, Michael. Review: Hermann Nitschs 'Orgien Mysterien Theater' und die "Hysterie der Griechen." Quellen und Traditionen in Wiener Atikedild seit 1900 by Ekkehard Stark. The German Quarterly, Vol. 61, No. 4, 60th Anniversary 1928-1988 (Autumn, 1988) pp. 590–591.
Romberg, Osvaldo. Redemption through Blood:pp. 8–13, 60-71
External links
UbuWeb Films Hermann Nitsch (b. 1938)
Hermann Nitsch's Homepage
„Hermann Nitsch“ on SAST REPORT Culture
Video of Hermann Nitsch in America
The Saatchi Gallery - Hermann Nitsch, Gallery In London with images, information, text and biography about Hermann Nitsch
Hermann Nitsch - The Movie, HN The Movie - a documentary film about Hermann Nitsch
Nitschland Napoli Film by Roberto Paci Dalò
Museo Hermann Nitsch
64. Malaktion Mart Rovereto Italy 02-06/10/2012 by Alain Chivilò
Symphony in Beef Major, enthusiastic review of Nitsch's Island CD box set by Kyle Gann, The Village Voice (1998).
Levitikus Artist's Book
1938 births
2022 deaths
Artists from Vienna
Members of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts
Experimental composers
Noise musicians
Obscenity controversies in music
Austrian performance artists
Austrian contemporary artists
Male classical composers
20th-century male musicians
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1677.
Events
January 1 – Jean Racine's tragedy Phèdre is first performed, at the Hôtel de Bourgogne (theatre) in Paris.
February
Nathaniel Lee's blank verse tragedy The Rival Queens, or the Death of Alexander the Great is performed at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, London, with Mrs. Charlotte Melmoth as Roxana.
Thomas Killigrew, ineffective after four years as Master of the Revels, is replaced by his son Charles.
September – Edward Ravenscroft's tragicomedy King Edgar and Alfreda, on the subject of King Edgar of England. Thomas Rymer's less successful play on the same subject is published in 1678.
date unknown
Roger Morrice begins his Entring Book, a manual diary describing society in the period 1677 to 1691.
Froinsias Ó Maolmhuaidh's Grammatica Latino-Hibernica nunc compendiata, the first printed grammar of the Irish language (in Latin), is published by the Congregation of Propaganda Fide in Rome in the year of his death.
New books
Prose
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Treatise of the Art of War
Edward Cocker – Cocker's Arithmetick
Christian Knorr von Rosenroth – Kabbala Denudata (publication starts)
John Mason – Major Mason's Brief History of the Pequot War
John Milton – The History of Britain
Francis North, 1st Baron Guilford – A Philosophical Essay of Music
Eirenaeus Philalethes – An Exposition upon Sir George Ripley's Vision.
Baruch Spinoza – Opera Posthuma (with first known publication of his Ethics)
Fabian Stedman – Tintinnalogia, or, the Art of Ringing
Drama
John Banks – The Rival Kings (adapted from la Calprenède's Cassandre)
Aphra Behn
The Rover
The Counterfeit Bridegroom
The Debauchee (adapted from Richard Brome's A Mad Couple Well-Match'd)
Thomas Betterton – The Counterfeit Bridegroom
William Cavendish, Duke of Newcastle – The Humorous Lovers and The Triumphant Widow published
John Crowne – The Destruction of Jerusalem by Titus Vespasian, Parts 1 and 2
Charles Davenant – Circe (a "semi-opera" with music by John Banister)
Thomas d'Urfey – A Fond Husband
John Leanerd – The Country Innocence
Nathaniel Lee – The Rival Queens
Thomas Otway
The Cheats of Scapin (adapted from Molière's Fourberies de Scapin)
Titus and Berenice (adapted from Racine's Bérénice)
Samuel Pordage – The Siege of Babylon
Thomas Porter – The French Conjuror
Jean Racine – Phèdre
Edward Ravenscroft
King Edgar and Alfreda
Scaramouch a Philosopher, Harlequin a Schoolboy, Bravo a Merchant and Magician
Thomas Rymer – Edgar, or the English Monarch
Pedro Calderon de la Barca
Amar después de la muerte o El Tuzaní de la Alpujarra
Parte I de autos sacramentales, alegóricos e historiales
Poetry
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – On the Death of Abraham Cowley
Births
August 23 – Marie Anne Doublet, French scholar, writer and salonnière (died 1771)
August 25 – Jean-Joseph Languet de Gergy, French theologian (died 1753)
Unknown date – Elizabeth, Lady Wardlaw, English ballad writer (born 1727)
Probable date – George Farquhar, Irish-born dramatist (died 1707)
Deaths
February 21 – Baruch Spinoza, Dutch philosopher (born 1632)
May 24 – Anders Bording, Danish poet and journalist (born 1619)
June 18 – Johann Franck, German poet, hymnist and politician (born 1618)
June 24 – Dudley North, English poet, writer and politician (born 1602)
July 9 – Angelus Silesius (Johann Scheffler), German poet and mystic (born 1624)
September 5 – Henry Oldenburg, German-born theologian and natural philosopher (born c. 1619)
September 11 – James Harrington, English political theorist (born 1611)
October 14 – Francis Glisson, English medical writer and physician (born 1597)
December 24 – Jacques de Coras, French poet (born 1630)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Capocollo () or coppa () is a traditional Italian and Corsican pork cold cut (salume) made from the dry-cured muscle running from the neck to the fourth or fifth rib of the pork shoulder or neck. It is a whole-muscle salume, dry cured, and typically sliced very thin. It is similar to the more widely known cured ham or prosciutto, because they are both pork-derived cold-cuts used in similar dishes. It is not brined as ham typically is.
Terminology
This cut is typically called capocollo or coppa in much of Italy. This name is a compound of the words capo ("head") and collo ("neck"). Regional terms include capicollo (Campania and Calabria) and capicollu (Corsica).
Outside of Italy, terms include bondiola or bondiola curada in Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay, and capicola or capicolla in North America. The pronunciation "gabagool" has been used by Italian Americans in the New York City area and elsewhere in the Northeast, based on the pronunciation of "capcuoll" in working-class dialects of 19th- and early 20th-century Neapolitan. It was notably used in the television series The Sopranos, and its use has become a well-known stereotype.
Manufacture and use
In its production, capocollo is first lightly seasoned often with red and sometimes white wine, garlic, and a variety of herbs and spices that differs depending on region. The meat is then salted (and was traditionally massaged) and stuffed into a natural casing, and hung for up to six months to cure. Sometimes the exterior is rubbed with hot paprika before being hung and cured. Capocollo is essentially the pork counterpart of the air-dried, cured beef bresaola. It is widely available wherever significant Italian communities occur, due to commercially produced varieties. The slow-roasted Piedmontese version is called coppa cotta.
Capocollo is esteemed for its delicate flavor and tender, fatty texture, and is often more expensive than most other salumi. In many countries, it is often sold as a gourmet food item. It is usually sliced thin for use in antipasto or sandwiches such as muffulettas, Italian grinders and subs, and panini, as well as some traditional Italian pizza.
Varieties and official status
Two particular varieties, Coppa Piacentina and Capocollo di Calabria, have Protected Designation of Origin status under the Common Agricultural Policy of European Union law, which ensures that only products genuinely originating in those regions are allowed in commerce as such.
Five additional Italian regions produce capocollo, and are not covered under European law, but are designated as "Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale" by the Italian Ministry of Agricultural, Food, and Forestry Policies:
Capocollo della Basilicata;
Capocollo del Lazio;
Capocollo di Martina Franca is a traditional capocollo of Apulia. It is smoked with laurel leaves, thyme, almonds, Mediterranean herbs and pieces of bark of Macedonian Oak (called fragno in Italian), a tree typical of Southeastern Italy, the Balkans and Western Turkey. Usually it is served with figs;
Capocollo tipico senese or finocchiata, from Tuscany;
Capocollo dell'Umbria;
Outside Europe, capocollo was introduced to Argentina by Italian immigrants, under the names bondiola or bondiola curada.
See also
List of dried foods
References
Further reading
External links
Cold cut
Dried meat
Italian cuisine
Italian products with protected designation of origin
Pork
Salumi
Lionel (Leo) Beaumaurice Clarke (1 December 1892 – 19 October 1916) was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Early life
Clarke was born on the 5th Concession Road (Con 5 - Lot 10), near Waterdown, Ontario. He spent his early years in England, home of his parents, but later returned and settled in Winnipeg, Manitoba in about 1903. When World War I started, he was working as a surveyor for the Canadian Northern Railway in the Canadian north. He returned to Winnipeg to enlist in the 27th Battalion, and after arriving in England in June 1915, transferred to the 2nd (Eastern Ontario Regiment) Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force to be with his brother, Charles.
Victoria Cross
The main assault of the Battle of Flers-Courcelette was scheduled for September 15, 1916. Its objective was to occupy a chain of trenches between Martinpuich and Courcelette. On 1 September 1916, Clarke's battalion was charged with capturing a 50-yard-long salient between the Canadian position at Mouquet Farm and Courcelette to the north.
As recounted in the London Gazette at the time. on 9 September 1916, near Pozières, France, the first three companies of Clarke's battalion went over the top, leaving the fourth in reserve. Clarke, an Acting Corporal at the time, was assigned to take a section to clear the enemy on the left flank to allow his company sergeant to build a fortified dugout that would secure the Canadian position once the salient was overrun. When his section reached the trench, it was so heavily defended that they had to battle their way through with hand grenades, bayonets and their rifles as clubs. Clarke was the only man left standing; the rest had either been killed or wounded.
At that time, about 20 Germans, including two officers, counter-attacked. Clarke advanced, emptying his revolver into their ranks. He then picked up two enemy rifles and fired those too. One of the officers attacked with a bayonet, wounding Clarke in the leg, but Clarke shot him dead. The Germans retreated, but Clarke pursued, shooting four more and capturing a fifth. In all, Clarke killed 19 of the enemy, capturing one.
Variations as Reported in the London Gazette
The account reported in the London Gazette was a somewhat 'polished' account for several reasons and differed from the actual experiences related by Leo to his brother Charles (Charlie) Clarke while recuperating shortly after the events of 9 September 1916.
As a corporal, Acting Private Leo Clarke was not permitted to have, wear, or use a side-arm, however he won a Colt Model 1905 Marine Corps and 2 extra clips from a group of U.S. soldiers in a card game. As this sidearm was neither of British Expeditionary Force (World War I) issue, nor sanctioned for use by infantrymen - yet played a pivotal role in the events, it was neither referenced officially not represented correctly in the tinplate engraving which accompanied the Gazette article - it was represented as a Webley Revolver (a British weapon). That the Colt Model 1905 Marine Corps was known for jamming may or may not have been a factor as it did not jam for Acting Corporal Clarke.
As well, the account in the London Gazette had Acting Corporal Clarke 'advancing' however per Clarke's recounting to his brother, he held his position in the trench and while bracing himself against the side (as he still had a bayonet through his thigh), Clarke took steady aim and shot them dead one by one as the enemy rounded a turn some distance away - claiming one life for each of the 21 shots in his clip. It was once his pistol was empty, he picked up a German rifle and proceeded down the trench and after making the turn where the Germans had come, he found several soldiers, a Sargent, and an officer. He commanded them to surrender but the officer ordered the men to fight. Leo shot him dead and the remaining soldiers surrendered. It was only after he returned to his own lines with the prisoners that he - and his prisoners - discovered that the rifle Leo used was actually empty.
According to his brother Charles (Charlie) Clarke, the actions of the day - and the shooting one by one of the soldiers with the side arm troubled Leo deeply - so the London Gazette account wasn't challenged but contributed to Leo's lack of enthusiasm for the honour.
Charles (Charlie) Clarke completed an unpublished memoir (still in the hands of the Clarke family) which was a key contributor to the book "Valour Road'.
Death
On 11 October 1916, Clarke's battalion was ordered forward to secure the newly captured Regina Trench which was still under heavy enemy artillery fire. Clarke was crouching in a hole at the rear of a trench when a shell exploded and the back of the trench caved in, burying him. His brother dug him out, but Clarke was paralyzed; the weight of the earth had crushed his back and injured his spine. Clarke was taken to No. 1 General Hospital, but died on 19 October. He is buried in Plot II, Row C, Grave 3A, in Etretat Churchyard Extension, 16 miles north of Le Havre, France. According to a contemporary newspaper article, shortly before his death he wrote his parents, stating: "I don't care so much for the Victoria Cross as getting home for a couple of months."
Legacy
Clarke was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross in February 1917. Clarke's father, Harry, received his son's VC at a presentation at the corner of Portage and Main in Winnipeg. The medal was a simple bronze cross stamped with the motto “For Valour.” For the first time, Canada's Duke of Devonshire (Governor General of Canada), travelled to make a personal presentation of the award at a ceremony attended by about 30,000 people. Harry Clarke also received a letter from King George V, commending his son for his courageous actions.
In 1925, Pine Street in West End, Winnipeg, was renamed "Valour Road" in honour of Clarke and fellow Victoria Cross winners Frederick William Hall and Robert Shankland, all of whom lived on the 700 block.
A plaque in his honour was erected by the Ontario Heritage Foundation at the Royal Canadian Legion branch in Waterdown.
Clarke's story was featured in a Heritage Minutes vignette, which was run nationally in Canada.
The legacy of remembrance continues in the Clarke family as Charles (Charlie) Clarke (brother of Leo Clarke VC) named his eldest son Lionel after his late brother and the family has continued to honour this memory with the great-nephew and great-great nephew carrying this name as well.
In 2010, the eldest son of Charles (Charlie) Clarke (nephew and namesake Leo Charles Clarke), with the full support of the family, donated the Victoria Cross - as well as the Colt Model 1905 Marine Corps sidearm to the Canadian War Museum. This was donated in memory of both his Uncle Leo and his father Charles (Charlie) Clarke.
By 2014, the museum had acquired all three Valour Road medals Victoria Cross and they are now on permanent display at the Canadian War Museum in Ottawa, Ontario Canada.
References
Further reading
"Flamboro Boy Winner of the Victoria Cross" – Hamilton Spectator, October 27, 1916, p. 1
Monuments to Courage (David Harvey, 1999)
Scotland's Forgotten Valour (Graham Ross, 1995)
The Register of the Victoria Cross (This England, 1997)
VCs of the First World War - The Somme (Gerald Gliddon, 1994)
External links
Leo Clarke digitized service file
Historica vignette
Legion Magazine article on Leo Clarke
Ontario Historic Plaque
1892 births
1916 deaths
Canadian Battle of the Somme recipients of the Victoria Cross
Canadian World War I recipients of the Victoria Cross
People from Hamilton, Ontario
Canadian people of English descent
Canadian military personnel killed in World War I
Canadian Expeditionary Force soldiers
Burials in Etretat Churchyard
Canadian military personnel from Ontario
Canadian Army soldiers
Governor General's Foot Guards
Pleystein () is a municipality in the district of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 18 km east of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 11 km west of Rozvadov.
References
Neustadt an der Waldnaab (district)
In 2013 Halmstads BK will compete in Allsvenskan and Svenska Cupen.
Fixtures and results
Pre-season fixtures and results
Allsvenskan
League fixtures and results
League table
Overall league table
Results summary
Results by round
Svenska Cupen
2012–13 Svenska Cupen
Group four fixtures and results
Group four tables
Season statistics
Goals
Last updated: 10 April 2013
Source: Match reports in SvFF.se
Disciplinary record
Player information
Squad
Statistics prior to season start only
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
As of 18 December 2012
|}
Bookings
Transfers
In
Out
References
Footnotes
References
External links
Halmstads BK homepage
SvFF homepage
Halmstads BK seasons
Halmstad
Hampshire House is an apartment building and hotel located at 150 Central Park South in Manhattan, New York City, on the southern edge of Central Park between Sixth and Seventh Avenues. It contains 155 apartments on 36 floors.
History
Origins
Hampshire House started as an addition to the Hotel Maurice on West 58th Street, designed by Caughey & Evans. The original plan of this tower, in 1926, was an apartment hotel called “Medici Tower” with 39 floors. The tower would also include offices. Later, the tower piqued the interest of the Architectural League of New York which, as a result, attracted a lot of attention throughout the country. By 1930, H.K Ferguson Company of Cleveland, Ohio, was the new owner. Caughey and Evans designed a new plan: an “apartment hotel” with 34 floors, called “Central Park Suites.” In this new design, which would be shortly named “Hampshire House”, Caughey and Evans wanted a balance between traditional and modern architecture. The New York Times describes it as “an adaptation to the modern tall building of the Georgian style such as is found in many old homes in the County of Hampshire, England. The exterior will be a black and white chromium steel.” The Central Park South building was envisioned as a narrow tower with a dome, but the plans were changed to a 36-story apartment hotel in the Regency and Art Deco styles.
Hampshire House already had a planned media event for its opening in 1931, like other famous projects of the roaring twenties. Hampshire House was listed as a new way of luxurious living of suites, proximity to a lot of the most famous amusement sites. With the onset of the Great Depression, however, the builder walked away; the mortgage was foreclosed upon and Hampshire House went into receivership. It joined a group of buildings around the area, known as “Series C-2 guaranteed mortgage certificates” who had defaulted mortgages from the New York Title and Mortgage Company. The C-2 properties were rescued by the New York State Supreme court Justice Alfred Frankenthaler and were forced to complete the building themselves, as they could not find any reasonable buyers. They hired Caughey and Evans again to continue with their plan.
Operation
The previous trustees of the Hampshire House sold it to the Kirkeby Group in 1946. The Kirkeby group controlled a lot of other prestigious hotels around the country. Later, they merged with Hilton chain.
Hampshire House does not offer short-term stays anymore. All co-operative apartments are owned by someone and continues to thrive due to its luxurious and elegant residency. The building is known for its welcoming staff, interiors, architectural distinction and outstanding location.
Architecture
Interiors
The trustees hired Dorothy Draper, an interior designer, in order to make people want to live in a building which was at some point an empty shell on one of the most visible streets. Draper envisioned the building as a traditional London townhouse. She included a small lobby, and a garden with a fountain and pool to create the atmosphere of a Georgian townhouse in Britain. She also designed a restaurant within the building called “The Cottage,” that soon became one of New York's well known party rooms.
The Cottage Room
This room was a major venue for luxurious events like wedding receptions, dinners, luncheons and other celebrations. There were several famous celebrations including: Bee Gees performance in 1971, Eubie Blake's 90th birthday party, Calvin Klein's wedding, among others. The cottage completely closed in 1986.
Publications
The Hampshire House opened on October 16, 1937. The New York Times ad campaign noted: “New York's newest exclusive apartment hotel - has the entire length of Central Park as its footstool - suggests a London town house in a Hyde Park setting.”
Hampshire House appeared in many magazines and guides of New York. Architectural Record posted a photo of Hampshire House's lobby in January 1938. Lawton Mackall says: "decor by Dorothy Draper creates [the] illusion that this is [the] dining room of a fabulous country estate looking out through [the] orangerie." Craig Clairborne says it had "one of New York's most stylish dining rooms."
Services and amenities
Hampshire House used to have a florist shop, and not just any florist shop: it was run by Beatrice Mann, "florist to the stars," who operated in the shop for more than 40 years. There was also a barber shop and beauty salon that closed as they became unnecessary. As the hotel was evolving to a high-end cooperative the "turndown" service became optional.
The Hampshire House replaced a newsstand in its lobby (as seen in many hotels), to direct New York Times delivery to each resident in the co-op.
Entirely new services have been introduced like a gym, car services for residents and a pianist who plays twice a week in the lobby.
Residents and guests
Some of the residents at the Hampshire House stayed for a short time, as it also functioned as a regular hotel, while others were long-term residents.
Early residents
Some of the first residents in the building according to the New York Times, were: John Hemingway, Ann Morgan, Rodman Wanamaker 2nd, Edward H. Rice, Charles Warren, etc.
Ray Bolger leased an apartment at the Hampshire House in 1940.
Guests
George Abott stayed at the Hampshire House during Broadway season. Some of the other guests included Lucille Ball, Ingrid Bergman, John Wayne, Greta Garbo,Peter Sellers, and Django Reinhardt, among others. Marilyn Monroe stayed at the Hampshire House for some time, with Joe DiMaggio.
Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner were seen staying together at the Hampshire House for the first time. The newspapers announced "Frank and Ava at the same hotel." Soon enough, Hampshire House was filled with reporters and paparazzi.
Residents
Jose Carreras, Plácido Domingo and Luciano Pavarotti all lived at the Hampshire House. Carreras bought his apartment in 1955, Pavarotti in 1983, and Domingo in 1977.
Boxer Barney Ross had an apartment at the Hampshire House to store items during the state of Israel's establishment. Director William Wyler also lived at Hampshire House with his wife, Talli. Other residents include novelist Vladmir Nabokov, Art Garfunkel, Sonja Henie and other notable celebrities. Julien Arpels, an heir to the Van Cleef & Arpels fortune, had his residence at the Hampshire House and died in his apartment in 1964.
References
External links
1937 establishments in New York City
Apartment buildings in New York City
Midtown Manhattan
Residential buildings completed in 1937
59th Street (Manhattan)
The Aeromarine 40F was an American two-seat flying-boat training aircraft produced for the US Navy and built by the Aeromarine Plane and Motor Company of Keyport, New Jersey. Fifty out of an original order for 200 were delivered before the end of World War I, with the remainder cancelled due to the armistice.
The aircraft was a biplane with a pusher propeller. The pilot and instructor sat side by side. The Aeromarine 41 developed from the Aeromarine 40. At least some of the Model 40s were later converted to Model 41s.
Operators
Brazilian Naval Aviation
United States Navy
Variants
Model 40, 40B - Civilian 140 hp Hispano Suiza
Model 40C - 150 hp Aeromarine
Model 40L - 140 hp Aeromarine L
Model 40T - 100 hp Curtiss OXX-6
Model 40U - 100 hp Aeromarine U-6
Specifications (40F)
General characteristics
Crew: two, pilot and instructor
Length: 28 ft 11 in (8.8 m)
Wingspan: 48 ft 6 in (14.8 m)
Height: m ( ft in)
Wing area: ft2 ( m2)
Empty weight: 2,061 lb (935 kg)
Maximum weight: 2,592 lb (1,175 kg)
Powerplant: 1 × Curtiss OXX V-8, 100 hp (72 kW)
Performance
Maximum speed: 71 mph (114 km/h)
Range: 250 miles (403 km)
Service ceiling: 3,500 ft (1,067 m)
Rate of climb: ft/min ( m/min)
References
Taylor, J. H. (ed) (1989) Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation. Studio Editions: London. p. 29
Department of the Navy. Naval Historical Center (website).
External links
, from Naval Historical Center
Biplanes
Single-engined pusher aircraft
1910s United States military trainer aircraft
Flying boats
040
Aircraft first flown in 1919
Leonard Weir (born 1928 in Preston, Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian lyric tenor best known for his performances in stage musicals in the United Kingdom, particularly in the role of Freddy Eynsford-Hill in the original London production of My Fair Lady along with Julie Andrews and Rex Harrison. He replaced John Michael King who played Freddy in the original Broadway production of the play.
Weir made a cameo appearance in the 1959 Sid James comedy film, Make Mine a Million. He appeared on UK television on Jack Hylton's Monday Show in 1958. From 1969-1970 he made several appearances in Australian television on GTV-9's popular variety show, In Melbourne Tonight.
Weir was a finalist in the 1952 Sun Aria competition.
Weir married Beverley Clare on 23 April 1953 at Scots Church, Collins Street, Melbourne. The couple met when Weir was engaged to sing at her sister's wedding. In 1954 they went to London where he studied with the Italian tenor Dino Borgioli for four years while working as a clerk at Australia House. Beverly also studied with Borgioli and obtained singing engagements in England. Weir joined the Sadler's Wells Opera Company for its production of The Merry Widow (starring fellow Australian June Bronhill).
They returned to Australia in 1964.
Weir has two children. His son, Nick Weir, was the host of several game-shows, before becoming a cruise ship entertainment manager.
References
External links
British male stage actors
Living people
1928 births
Galaxy Unpacked is a half annual event held by Samsung Electronics where it showcases new devices including smartphones, tablets, and wearables. It was first held in June 2009 at the CommunicAsia event at the Singapore Expo in Singapore, and is now most frequently held in Barcelona and New York City.
The event includes keynote presentations for product launches, delivered by company management figures. Attendees can visit exhibits and have hands-on experiences of the products in demonstration zones. Live broadcasts of Samsung Unpacked feature a piece of pre-roll music from the Samsung Galaxy franchise, often a customized version of "Over the Horizon", and a repeated animation.
In August 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Samsung held the event virtually to launch of its Galaxy Note20 series of devices. It was broadcast live from their headquarters in Suwon, South Korea, and drew 56 million accumulated views.
Product launches
See Also
Samsung Developer Conference (SDC)
References
Samsung Galaxy
2009 establishments
Technology conferences
James William Wallack (c. 1794–1864), commonly referred to as J. W. Wallack, was an Anglo-American actor and manager, born in London, and brother of Henry John Wallack.
Life
Wallack's father was named William Wallack and his sister was named Elizabeth. His parents were comedians, who performed at the London minor playhouses and in the British provinces. His first appearance on the stage was as a child at the Surrey Theatre in London. Soon afterward he performed in juvenile characters at Drury Lane, and at the age of eighteen entered on a permanent career at the same house as Laertes in Hamlet. He also acted in the British provinces and in Ireland, gradually winning his way to popularity as a useful representative of drama and comedy. In 1823 he played Victor Frankenstein in Presumption; or, the Fate of Frankenstein at the English Opera House. In 1824, Wallack became stage manager at Drury Lane, and rose to the performance of secondary roles in tragedy. Later he played at the Haymarket Theatre, and officiated as stage manager at the Princess's Theatre.
On the occasion of his first visit to the United States, in 1818, he played Macbeth at the Park Theatre, New York. He also played Romeo, Shylock, Coriolanus, Hamlet, and Richard III, all without making any favorable impression. But in the principal roles in The Stranger, Pizarro and The Gamester he closely copied the manner of Kemble and attracted favorable consideration. From 1818 until 1845 Wallack performed at intervals in all the principal cities of the United States. Among his roles were the chief characters in The Brigand, The Rent-Day, The Wonder, Don Cassar de Bazan, Wild Oats and the refined comedy parts of Mercutio, Jaques, and Benedick. Love's Ritornello, as sung by him in The Brigand, was hummed from one end of the country to the other.
In 1822 Wallack met with an accident, in which his leg was fractured by the overturning of a stagecoach between New York and Philadelphia. This mishap retired him from active life for about eighteen months, and from its effect he never entirely recovered. From 1837 until its destruction by fire, Wallack conducted the New York National Theatre. There he presented a repertory of the best plays in the English language, rendered by a company such as never before had been seen in this country.
He settled permanently in New York City in 1852. In that year, he assumed management of an 1850 theatre two doors south of Broome Street on the west side of Broadway, called Brougham's Lyceum, renaming it Wallack's Lyceum. In 1861 he built a new Wallack's Theatre at 13th Street and Broadway. His son opened the third Wallack's Theatre in 1882.
Wallack was an actor of the old school. Thackeray praised his performance as Shylock, and Joseph Jefferson his Don Caesar de Bazan. As a performer he was endowed with a fine personality; his voice was highly melodious, set off by flexibility and careful elocution, and his knowledge of stage-effect was unexcelled. In refined and eccentric comedy Wallack had few superiors. Some of his roles in the romantic dramas of his own creation were entirely unequalled, and have died with him.
Family
Wallack married Susan Johnstone, a comic actress and the daughter of John Henry Johnstone, in 1817; she died in 1851. Together, the Wallacks had four sons. The eldest, Lester Wallack, was also a famous actor and theater manager. Wallack's sister, Elizabeth had a daughter, Leonora Pincott, who married Alfred Wigan was a noted actor.
Notes
References
Further reading
Ireland, Joseph N. Records of the New York Stage from 1750 to 1860, volume i. (T. H. Morrell, New York, 1867), pp. 341f and 396f.
"James W. Wallack," Gleason's Pictorial Drawing Room Companion, Vol. 3 No. 22 (27 November 1852) p. 344
Knight, John Joseph "Wallack, James William" in Lee, Sidney (ed.) Dictionary of National Biography volume lix (London: Smith, Elder, & Co.; 1899) p. 117f. Also online at Internet Archive.
A Sketch of the Life of James William Wallack: (senior,) Late Actor and Manager [compiled by the publisher] (T. H. Morrell, New York, 1865) described in Bibliotheca dramatica et curiosa, p. 362
Wallack, Lester and Hutton, Laurence Memories of Fifty Years. (Charles Scribner's Sons, New York, 1889)
Winter, William, The Wallet of Time, volume i. (Moffat, Yard and Company, New York, 1913)
External links
Theater Arts Manuscripts: An Inventory of the Collection at the Harry Ransom Center
English male stage actors
American male stage actors
Actor-managers
British emigrants to the United States
1794 births
1864 deaths
Manuel Almeida Duarte (29 May 1945 – 2 September 2022) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a striker.
Club career
Duarte was born in Celorico de Basto, Braga District. In a 16–year professional career he played for Académica de Coimbra, Leixões SC, Sporting CP, FC Porto, Varzim S.C. and AD Fafe, amassing Primeira Liga totals of 79 matches and 32 goals over nine seasons and competing in the second division with the last two clubs. He retired at the age of 39, after five years in amateur football with four sides.
Duarte scored a career-best 11 goals (in only 19 games) in the 1966–67 campaign, helping To sport to the fourth position.
International career
Duarte earned two caps for Portugal in 1966, being an unused squad member at that year's FIFA World Cup.
Death
Duarte died in Fafe on 2 September 2022, at the age of 77.
References
External links
Portugal stats at Eu-Football
1945 births
2022 deaths
People from Celorico de Basto
Sportspeople from Braga District
Portuguese footballers
Association football forwards
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
Leixões S.C. players
Sporting CP footballers
FC Porto players
Varzim S.C. players
AD Fafe players
F.C. Felgueiras players
Portugal international footballers
1966 FIFA World Cup players
Mexican-American recording artist DJ Kane has released three studio albums and twenty-two singles, including three as a featured artist.
Albums
Studio albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Album appearances
2003: "The Gambler" (Emilio Navaira featuring DJ Kane)
2004: "Vicious" (Baby Bash featuring DJ Kane)
2005: "Break It Down" (A-Gee featuring DJ Kane)
2005: "Vuelves" (Chicos de Barrio featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "Sexy Lady (Remix)" (MC Magic featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "You Stole My Heart" (MC Magic featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "Perdoname Mamacita" (Ice featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "My Struggle" (Ice featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "Muevelo" (Ice featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "Down for You" (Ice featuring DJ Kane)
2008: "Mentirosa" (Ice featuring DJ Kane)
2009: "Moving On" (Johnny Smallz featuring DJ Kane)
2010: "Esta Noche" (El Lonely featuring DJ Kane)
2010: "Middle of the Night" (Lucky Luciano featuring DJ Kane)
2011: "Falsas Promesas" (MC Magic featuring DJ Kane and Herb G)
2011: "Amame" (Manny D Alesandro featuring DJ Kane)
2011: "Dame" (K1 featuring DJ Kane)
2012: "Mommy Said, No" (Dezi B featuring DJ Kane)
References
Discography
Discographies of American artists
Regional Mexican music discographies
Juan Carlos Sánchez (born March 1, 1985) is a Bolivian former footballer who played as a defender in the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano.
External links
Profile at ceroacero
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cochabamba
Association football defenders
Bolivian footballers
Club Aurora players
The Strongest players
Club Blooming players
Club Real Potosí players
Universitario de Sucre footballers
August Ludwig Ferdinand Count von Nostitz-Ransen (27 December 1777, Zessel, near Öls – 28 May 1866, on his estates at Zobten, near Löwenberg in Schlesien) was a Prussian general who acted as adjutant general to Frederick William III of Prussia.
Early life
August Ludwig was born as the eldest son of Count Georg August von Nostitz-Ransen (1709-1795) and his wife Baroness Johanna Christine Eleonore von Reiszwitz-Kaderzin (1756-1840). His siblings included Count Karl Wilhelm (1783-1850), Count Ludwig Georg (1784-1839), Countess Eleonore von Dyhrn (1787-1853) and Friederike Henriette von Rosen (1781-1871).
Military career
He joined the Prussian Army in 1802, leaving it in 1810 only to return in 1813 as a staff officer of the Silesian uhlans. After the battle of Bautzen he became adjutant to Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher.
On 16 June 1815, towards the end of the battle of Ligny, Nostitz stood guard over Blücher after Blücher fell stunned under his horse and after the French Cuirassiers had passed attracted the attention of counter charging Prussian troopers who then remounted the dazed Blücher on Sergeant Schneider's horse and escorted him from the battlefield.
Nostitz became a major general in 1825 and served on Nicholas I of Russia's general staff during the Russo-Turkish War (1828–1829).
In 1833 Nostitz became deputy commander of Berlin, then lieutenant general in 1838 and commander of the 5th Hussar Regiment (the Blüchersche Husaren) in 1840. He left active service in May 1848, was promoted to general of the cavalry in 1849 and from 1850 to 1860 served as Prussian ambassador to the Kingdom of Hanover.
Marriage and issue
In 1829 August Georg married Countess Klara Louise Auguste von Hatzfeldt-Trachenberg (1807-1858), daughter of Prince Franz Ludwig von Hatzfeldt-Trachenberg (1756-1827) and Countess Friederike von der Schulenburg-Kennerth (1779-1832). They had one son and two daughters:
Countess Maria von Nostitz-Ransen (b. 1832)
Countess Anna von Nostitz-Ransen (1833-1870); married Count Alexander von Strachwitz von Gross-Zauche und Camminetz (1817-1866) and had issue.
Count Wilhelm Friedrich von Nostitz-Ransen (1835-1916); married Eleonore Alexandrine von Johnston und Kroegeborn (1868-1938) and had issue
Honours
He received the following orders and decorations:
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Prussian Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
1777 births
1866 deaths
August
People from Oleśnica County
Prussian generals
Recipients of the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (military class)
Knights Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa
Recipients of the Order of St. George of the Fourth Degree
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Russia)
Knights of the Order of the Sword
LII Army Corps (LII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. The LII. Armeekorps was destroyed during the Jassy–Kishinev Offensive (August 1944).
Commanders
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Kurt von Briesen, 25 November 1940 – 20 November 1941
Lieutenant-General (Generalleutnant) Albert Zehler, 20 November 1941 – 10 December 1941
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Eugen Ott, 10 December 1941 – 1 October 1943
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Hans-Karl von Scheele, 1 October 1943 – 20 November 1943
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Erich Buschenhagen, 20 November 1943 – 1 February 1944
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Rudolf von Bünau, 1 February 1944 – 1 April 1944
Infantry General (General der Infanterie) Erich Buschenhagen, 1 April 1944 – August 1944
Area of operations
Germany - November 1940 – June 1941
Eastern Front, southern sector - June 1941 – August 1944
See also
List of German corps in World War II
External links
Army,52
Military units and formations established in 1940
Military units and formations disestablished in 1944
Edward Austin may refer to:
Edward Austin (cricketer) (1847–1891), English cricketer
Edward Austin (politician) (1875–1940), Australian politician
Edward Oramel Austin (1825–1909) American pioneer
Ed Austin (1926–2011), American attorney and politician
Ned Austin (1925–2007), American actor
Edward Austin Kent (1854–1912), American architect
Edward Austin Sheldon (1823–1897), American educator
See also
Kenton County is a county located in the northern part of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 169,064, making it the third most populous county in Kentucky (behind Jefferson County and Fayette County). Its county seats are Covington and Independence. It was, until November 24, 2010, the only county in Kentucky to have two legally recognized county seats. The county was formed in 1840 and is named for Simon Kenton, a frontiersman notable in the early history of the state.
Kenton County, with Boone and Campbell Counties, is part of the Northern Kentucky metro area, and is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Kenton County was established on January 29, 1840, from land given by Campbell County. It was named in honor of Simon Kenton, a pioneer of Kentucky.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.5%) is water. The county is located at the confluence of the Licking River and Ohio River, in the outer Bluegrass area of the Bluegrass region of the state. The elevation in the county ranges from to above sea level.
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County, Ohio (north)
Campbell County (east)
Pendleton County (southeast)
Grant County (southwest)
Boone County (west)
Major highways
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 151,464 people, 59,444 households, and 39,470 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 63,571 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.99% White, 3.84% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.59% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 1.00% from two or more races. 1.10% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 59,444 households, out of which 33.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.10% were married couples living together, 12.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.60% were non-families. 27.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.11.
The age distribution was 26.30% under 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 31.90% from 25 to 44, 21.40% from 45 to 64, and 11.10% who were 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 96.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,906, and the median income for a family was $52,953. Males had a median income of $37,845 versus $27,253 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,085. About 7.10% of families and 9.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.00% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Public schools
Kenton County has five school districts providing education, from the extremely rural southern areas to the highly urbanized north. The districts are:
Kenton County School District
Covington Independent Public Schools
Beechwood Independent School District (serves Fort Mitchell)
Ludlow Independent Schools
Erlanger-Elsmere Schools
Private schools
The Catholic educational system is as extensive as the public system. These schools are operated by the Diocese of Covington's Department of Schools. The Diocese runs 17 schools in Kenton County.
Higher education
Thomas More University is the only institute of higher learning wholly in the county itself. Northern Kentucky University had a Covington campus located at 1401 Dixie Highway until it closed at the end of 2008. NKU's main campus is not far from Kenton County – only about 4 miles from the Licking River. The Kentucky Community and Technical College System also operates the Gateway Community and Technical College. Classes are provided at GCTC locations in Boone County, Covington, Park Hills and Edgewood.
Libraries
Kenton County is served by a county library with branches in Covington, Erlanger, and Independence. The Erlanger Branch has grown to be the busiest branch library in the state of Kentucky.
In 2008, Kenton County Public Library received the highest score of any Kentucky library ranked by Hennen's American Public Library Ratings.
Communities
Cities
Bromley
Covington (county seat)
Crescent Springs
Crestview Hills
Edgewood
Elsmere
Erlanger
Fairview
Fort Mitchell
Fort Wright
Independence (county seat)
Kenton Vale
Lakeside Park
Latonia Lakes
Ludlow
Park Hills
Ryland Heights
Taylor Mill
Villa Hills
Walton
Unincorporated communities
Atwood
Latonia
Nicholson
Visalia
Visalia and Latonia Lakes have been dissolved as cities within Kenton County.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kenton County, Kentucky
References
External links
Kenton County government
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1840 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1840
Robert Picknell (2 June 1816 – 7 February 1869) was an English cricketer. Picknell was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Chalvington, Sussex.
Picknell made his first-class debut for Sussex against Kent in 1837 at the Old County Ground, West Malling. He made three further first-class appearances in that season, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's, Kent at the Royal New Ground, and Nottinghamshire at the Forest New Ground. In 1839, Sussex County Cricket Club was formed, with Picknell playing in their inaugural first-class match against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's on 10 June 1839. He made twelve further first-class appearances for Sussex, the last of which came against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1845. In total, he made eighteen first-class appearances during his career, scoring 182 runs at an average of 5.51, with a high score of 23.
He died at Eastbourne, Sussex, on 7 February 1869. His brother, George, also played first-class cricket.
References
External links
Robert Picknell at ESPNcricinfo
Robert Picknell at CricketArchive
1816 births
1869 deaths
People from Chalvington with Ripe
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Jeanne Vandervoort Walsh Singer (August 4, 1924 – June 20, 2000) was an American pianist, teacher, and composer of lyrical poetry.
Personal life and awards
Singer received a Bachelor of Arts from Barnard College, was taught composition by Douglas Moore at Columbia University, and was the student of pianist Nadia Reisenberg for 15 years. She also studied with Seth Bingham and William Mitchell. Her appearances included radio and television. She has composed over 150 songs. Singer won two First Rating Gold Medals from the National Guild of Piano Teachers, 12 First Prizes from the National League of Pen Women, and 20 ASCAP Awards.
References
External links
Jeanne Singer at New York Women Composers
1924 births
2000 deaths
American pianists
American women educators
Women classical composers
20th-century American women pianists
20th-century American pianists
François Perron is a French ballet dancer, choreographer and teacher, who now works and resides in the United States. Perron is a graduate of the Paris Opera Ballet School where he studied under the direction of Claude Bessy. In 2011, Perron founded the French Academie of Ballet, based in New York City.
Career
Before moving to the United States in 1984, Perron danced with La Scala in Milan, where Maurice Béjart invited him to Brussels as part of Les Ballets Du XXe Siecle. His first principal contract came in 1980 with the Northern Ballet Theatre of England, where he danced the entire classical repertoire, including Giselle and The Sleeping Beauty. A second principal contract followed from Ballet Du Nord and principal roles with the Joffrey Ballet and then he joined the New York City Ballet, where he danced for six years.
In 1993, he briefly danced with American Ballet Theatre and has since freelanced his talent. He has appeared with DanceGalaxy, Dances Patrelle, New York Theatre Ballet, Ruth Page's Nutcracker, Los Angeles Chamber Ballet, Ballet Concierto de Puerto Rico, and the Colorado Chamber Ballet and in several "Dance in America" programs. He served as Ballet Master for New York Theatre Ballet as well as for Florence, Italy's Maggio Danza. In 1997 he accepted a full faculty position at Studio Maestro in New York City. In 2001 he became the Managing Artistic Director until 2008 when the school was renamed Manhattan Youth ballet and remained the Managing Artistic Director until 2011 when he left to create the French Academie of Ballet. Perron is regularly invited to guest teach at major dance schools including Miami City Ballet, the Academy of Nevada Dance Theatre, St. Louis Ballet, Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet, Point Park College (Pittsburgh) Summer Program and American Ballet Theatre's Young Dancer Summer Intensive.
Perron's first choreography was performed at Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall for the New Year's Vienna Celebration performed by the New York Theatre Ballet. He also choreographed part of the second act in Northeast Ballet's The Nutcracker.
Perron has staged the Annual Spring Workshop Performance, including Giselle, Second Act; Sleeping Beauty, First Act; Paquita; Chaconne Pas de Trois by George Balanchine; Corsaire Pas de Deux; and Bluebird Pas de Deux. Private students have entered competitions with Perron's choreography, including the recent Youth America Grand Prix Gold Medalist in the Contemporary Category of the Boston and New York City competition. His private students have been accepted at the Paris Opera Ballet School and as company members at American Ballet Theatre, San Francisco Ballet and North Carolina Dance Theatre.
Perron also taught ballet at Eugene Lang College The New School for Liberal Arts, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School at American Ballet Theatre and is currently teaching classical partnering at Juilliard.
Perron was the coach, for the entire Broadway run, of the title role in "Billy Elliot".
Perron is an ABT National Curriculum certified teacher (pre-primary to Level7) and an ABT Artistic Board of Examiner.
Personal life
Perron comes from a family of dancers: The title of "Etoile" was created for his aunt Lycette Darsonval (Premiere Danseuse étoile of the Paris Opera Ballet who was in the original cast of "Symphony in C" by George Balanchine. His uncle Serge Perrault was a principal with Roland Petit and his mother was part of the Paris Opera Ballet.
References
French male ballet dancers
French emigrants to the United States
Ballet teachers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
They were founded by the Empire of Japan between 1886 and 1939, seven in Mainland Japan (now Japan), one in Korea under Japanese rule (now the Republic of Korea) and one in Taiwan under Japanese rule (now Taiwan). They were run by the imperial government until the end of World War II.
Today, the Imperial Universities are often described as the , and are viewed as some of the most prestigious in Japan. These former imperial universities are generally perceived as Japan's equivalent of the Ivy League in the United States, Golden Triangle in the United Kingdom, and the C9 League in China. The alumni club of these nine imperial universities is .
Unlike Taihoku Imperial University (renamed in 1945 to National Taiwan University) in then-Japanese Taiwan, the Keijō Imperial University in then-Japanese Korea was closed by the United States Army Military Government in Korea (USAMGIK) with U.S. Military Ordinance No. 102. Seoul National University was built by merging nine schools in Seoul and the remaining properties of Keijō Imperial University (Kyŏngsŏng University). The National Taiwan University and Seoul National University are today among the most prestigious universities of Taiwan and Korea.
Members
History
Athletic competition
The athletic competition started among these seven schools in Japan under the sponsorship of Hokkaido University, formerly known as in 1962. Its name was later recoined as in 2002. The competition is commonly called the or the .
See also
Higher school (Japan)
Designated National University
Ancient universities in the UK
Group of Eight, formal group of eight universities in Australia
Institutes of National Importance, group of premier universities in India
TU9, alliance of nine leading Technical Universities in Germany
4TU, federation of four leading technical universities in The Netherlands
Double First Class Universities, Chinese state group of elite universities in China
SKY (universities), group of prestigious Korean universities
References
Lists of universities and colleges in Japan
College and university associations and consortia in Asia
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Gesves. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Gesves
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Gesves
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 51,541. Its county seat is Frankfort, the state capital. The county was formed in 1795 from parts of Woodford, Mercer and Shelby counties, and was named after the American inventor and statesman Benjamin Franklin.
Franklin County is part of the Frankfort, Kentucky Micropolitan Statistical Area. It shares a name with Franklin County in Ohio, where Columbus is located. This makes it one of two pairs of capital cities in counties of the same name, along with Marion Counties in Oregon and Indiana.
History
The three original counties of Kentucky (Jefferson, Fayette and Lincoln counties) intersected in what is today Franklin County. Franklin County was established in 1795 from land given by Mercer, Shelby, and Woodford counties. Franklin was the 18th Kentucky county in order of formation.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.0%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 64
US 127
US 60
US 421
US 460
KY 676
Adjacent counties
Owen County (north)
Scott County (east)
Woodford County (southeast)
Anderson County (south)
Shelby County (west)
Henry County (northwest)
Government and politics
In recent presidential elections the county has supported both Democrats and Republicans. In 2000 Democrat Al Gore won 50% of the vote to Republican George W. Bush's 47%. In 2004, Bush won 50% of the vote to Democrat John Kerry's 48%. In 2008 Republican John McCain defeated Democrat Barack Obama 49.47% to 48.87%, a difference of only 144 votes, only for Obama to narrowly edge out Mitt Romney in 2012. However, Donald Trump won the county in 2016. He won it again in 2020, but only by a slim margin of 248 votes.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 47,687 people, 19,907 households, and 12,840 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 21,409 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.98% White, 9.36% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.72% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.55% from other races, and 1.24% from two or more races. 1.11% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 19,907 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.70% were married couples living together, 12.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.50% were non-families. 30.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.86.
22.60% of the population was under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,011, and the median income for a family was $51,052. Males had a median income of $32,826 versus $26,201 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,229. About 6.90% of families and 10.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.80% of those under age 18 and 12.20% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The county is served by two public school districts: Franklin County Public Schools and Frankfort Independent Schools .
Franklin County Public Schools
This district takes in almost all of the county, including the majority of the city of Frankfort. It operates the following schools:
Bridgeport Elementary School (grades K-5)
Collins Lane Elementary School (grades K-5)
Early Childhood Education Center (grades K-1)
Elkhorn Elementary School (grades 2-5)
Hearn Elementary School (grades 2-5)
Peaks Mill Elementary School (grades 2-5)
Westridge Elementary School (grades K-5)
Bondurant Middle School (grades 6-8)
Elkhorn Middle School (grades 6-8)
Franklin County High School (grades 9-12)
Western Hills High School (grades 9-12)
The Academy (grades 9-12) (For kids with problems/juveniles)
Franklin County Career and Technical Center (grades 9-12) (Career center for all public high schools in the county.)
Frankfort Independent Schools
This district serves an area roughly covering the Frankfort neighborhoods known as "downtown", South Frankfort (the vicinity of the state capitol building), and Bellepoint. It operates two schools:
Second Street School (grades K-6)
Frankfort High School (grades 7-12)
Private schools
Capital Day School (grades PreK-8)
Frankfort Christian Academy (grades K-12)
Good Shepherd Catholic School (grades PreK-8)
University
Kentucky State University
Parks
Capitol View Park
Cove Spring Park and Nature Preserve
Dolly Graham Park
East Frankfort Park
Josephine Sculpture Park
Juniper Hill Park and Golf Course
Lakeview Park and Golf Course
Leslie Morris Park on Fort Hill: of woodland overlooking downtown Frankfort. It contains trails that guide visitors through the remains of earthwork forts that were the main defensive position for Union troops protecting the city during an 1864 Civil War skirmish.
Riverview Park and riverside walk
Todd Park
Communities
Bridgeport
Forks of Elkhorn
Frankfort (county seat)
Jett
Switzer
Peaks Mill
Bald Knob, Kentucky
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Kentucky
References
External links
Franklin County web site
Frankfort/Franklin County Tourist & Convention Commission
Kentucky counties
Frankfort, Kentucky micropolitan area
1795 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1795
The U.S. Dollar Index (USDX, DXY, DX, or, informally, the "Dixie") is an index (or measure) of the value of the United States dollar relative to a basket of foreign currencies, often referred to as a basket of U.S. trade partners' currencies. The Index goes up when the U.S. dollar gains "strength" (value) when compared to other currencies.
The index is designed, maintained, and published by ICE (Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.), with the name "U.S. Dollar Index" a registered trademark.
It is a weighted geometric mean of the dollar's value relative to following select currencies:
Euro (EUR), 57.6% weight
Japanese yen (JPY), 13.6% weight
Pound sterling (GBP), 11.9% weight
Canadian dollar (CAD), 9.1% weight
Swedish krona (SEK), 4.2% weight
Swiss franc (CHF), 3.6% weight
History
USDX started in March 1973, soon after the dismantling of the Bretton Woods system. At its start, the value of the U.S. Dollar Index was 100.000. It has since traded as high as 164.7200 in February 1985, and as low as 70.698 on March 16, 2008.
The makeup of the "basket" has been altered only once, when several European currencies were subsumed by the euro at the start of 1999. Some commentators have said that the makeup of the "basket" is overdue for revision as China, Mexico, South Korea and Brazil are major trading partners presently which are not part of the index whereas Sweden and Switzerland are continuing as part of the index.
Quotes
ICE provides live feeds for Dow Futures that appear on Bloomberg.com and CNN Money. USDX is updated whenever U.S. Dollar markets are open, which is from Sunday evening New York City local time (early Monday morning Asia time) for 24 hours a day to late Friday afternoon New York City local time.
Calculation
The U.S. Dollar Index is calculated with this formula:
= × × × × × ×
Trading
US Dollar Index futures are traded for 21 hours a day on the ICE platform with futures having a March/June/September/December quarterly expiration cycle. It is also available indirectly in exchange-traded funds (ETFs), options, contracts for difference and mutual funds.
See also
Trade Weighted US dollar Index
Special drawing rights
Dow Jones FXCM Dollar Index
Wall Street Journal Dollar Index
1976 sterling crisis
References
External links
USDX Quotes
1973 introductions
Economic indicators of United States currencies
Foreign exchange market
Born is an EP released by D'espairsRay on April 28, 2004. The CD was re-released, excluding the DVD on July 21, 2004 because the album had sold out within a small amount of time.
Track listing
Disc One
Disc Two (DVD, first pressing only)
"Gärnet" - 4:24
"Marry of the Blood" features violin by Sugizo.
Track 83 is a hidden track. It features an acoustic version of Yami ni Furu Kiseki's chorus.
The lyrics to "Marry of the Blood" are printed entirely in English in the booklet, although only parts of the song are in English.
The songs "Marry of the Blood" and "Yami ni Furu Kiseki" are re-recordings of the same songs on the Maverick single.
The song "Murder Freaks" is a re-recording of the same song on the Terrors EP.
The songs "Born" and "Marry of the Blood" were remixed for the Coll:set album, and "Yami ni Furu Kiseki" was remixed for the Horizon single.
In the lyrics credits for the songs, Hizumi's name is misprinted as 'Hizmi' within the booklet.
2004 EPs
D'espairsRay EPs
The Country Gentlemen is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, recorded and released in 1973.
Track listing
Traveling Kind (Steve Young)
Don Quixote (Gordon Lightfoot)
One Morning in May
Casey's Last Ride (Kris Kristofferson)
The Leaves That Are Green (Paul Simon)
Paradise (John Prine)
House of the Rising Sun
Catfish John (Bob McDill, Allen Reynolds)
Mother of a Miner's Son (Gordon Lightfoot)
Bringing Mary Home (John Duffey, Larry Kingston, Chaw Mank)
Souvenirs (John Prine)
The City of New Orleans (Steve Goodman)
Personnel
Charlie Waller - guitar, vocals
Doyle Lawson - mandolin, guitar, vocals
Ricky Skaggs - fiddle, guitar, vocals guitar, and vocals
Bill Yates - bass and vocals
Jerry Douglas - dobro
Mike Auldridge - dobro
Bill Emerson - Banjo
James Bailey - banjo
Al Rogers - drums
References
http://charliewaller.net/
External links
http://charliewaller.net/
1973 albums
Vanguard Records albums
The Country Gentlemen albums
Macroinvertebrate Community Index (MCI) is an index used in New Zealand to measure the water quality of fresh water streams. The presence or lack of macroinvertebrates such as insects, worms and snails in a river or stream can give a biological indicator on the health of that waterway. The MCI assigns a number to each species of macroinvertebrate based on the sensitivity of that species to pollution. The index then calculates an average score. A higher score on the MCI generally indicates a more healthy stream.
The MCI (Macroinvertebrate Community Index) relies on an allocation of scores to freshwater macroinvertebrates based on their pollution tolerances. Freshwater macroinvertebrates found in pristine conditions would score higher than those found in polluted areas. MCI values can be calculated using macroinvertebrate presence-absence data using this equation:
MCI = [(site score)/(# of scoring taxa)]*20
Previous water quality assessments have relied on both chemical and habitat analysis, however, these methods have been proven to be insufficient due to pollution from nonpoint sources. Species living in an aquatic environment may be the best natural indicator of environmental quality and reveal the effects of any habitat alteration or pollution, and have proved to respond to a wide range of stressors such as sedimentation, urbanization, agricultural practices and forest harvesting effects. Any changes that may occur in macroinvertebrate communities that lead to a reduction in diversity increase the dominance of pollution-tolerant invertebrates, such as oligochaetes and chironomids. Thus, a lack of species diversity and low biotic index scores of inhabitant macroinvertebrates may be an indicator of poor water quality. The risk of water quality degradation is the greatest in low-elevation areas, where high intensity agriculture and urban development are the dominant land uses.
Macroinvertebrate communities are the preferred indicators of aquatic ecosystem health because they are very easy to both collect and identify, and have short life spans, thus responding very quickly to changes in their environment. The MCI methods of utilizing macroinvertebrate communities to assess the overall health of an aquatic environment continues to be the most reliable, applicable, and widely acclaimed method around the world.
Variations on the MCI
In addition to the MCI indexed defined above, there are also two other variations of the MCI. The QMCI (Quantitative Macroinvertebrate Community Index) and the SQMCI (Semi-Quantitative Macroinvertebrate Community Index). Both MCI and QMCI are widely used in countries like New Zealand. The combination of widespread use and good performance of the MCI and the QMCI in detecting water quality in aquatic ecosystems has sparked interest in further refinement of the methods in New Zealand. The QMCI, just like the MCI, was initially designed to evaluate the organic enrichment in aquatic ecosystems. The third index, the SQMCI, was created to reduce sampling and processing efforts required for the QMCI. The SQMCI will respond in a similar matter to the QMCI in community dominance, however, will require fewer samples to achieve the same precision. The SQMCI gives a comparative appraisal to the QMCI with under 40% of the exertion, in circumstances that macroinvertebrate densities are not required. This diminishes expenses and also enhances the logical solidness of biomonitoring projects. Both the QMCI and SQMCI are similar to the MCI in the way that they are graded on a 1 (extremely tolerant) to 10 (highly intolerant) scale. However, they differ in the way that MCI is calculated using presence-absence data whereas QMCI uses quantitative or percentage data. Having a qualitative, quantitative, and semi-quantitative version of the same index has raised some questions as to if this is a good thing or not. All three indexes have the same purpose, which is to measure the quality of an aquatic ecosystem, however, there are no clear recommendations about when each one is most appropriate to be used. In a study conducted on 88 rivers, Scarsbrook et al. (2000) concluded MCI is more useful than the QMCI for recognizing changes in stream water quality over time. Having three forms of a similar index may prompt to various conclusions and also opens the route for specific utilization of either file to give bias to a specific position or position taken by a specialist. In August 2019, the Ministry for the Environment released a draft National Policy Statement for Freshwater Management, and a report from Scientific and Technical Advisory Group that recommended including three different measures, MCI, QMCI and Average Score Per Metric (ASPM).
QMCI values can be calculated using:
QMCI = Σ_(i=1)^(i=s)▒(n_i*a_i)/N
SQMCI values can be calculated similar to QMCI except that coded abundances are substituted for actual counts. Example:
SQMCI = Σ_(i=1)^(i=s)▒(n_i*a_i)/N
Factors Influencing MCI
There are several factors which can affect the data acquisition of MCI when assessing the water quality of an aquatic ecosystem. Hard-bottom and Soft-bottom channels can often yield different results and many researchers will use two different versions of the MCI. For example, in a study by Stark & Mallard (2007) they discuss that hard and soft bottom channels have separate versions of the MCI and the two versions can not be combined into one data set because of the differences in taxa and tolerance values.
Spatial variability is also of interest in terms of affecting the data acquired through MCI. Sites which are progressively down stream often tend to yield a lower MCI value. There may also be confounding influences between riffles, runs, or pools with a single stream reach.
Depth and velocity have also been raised as a concern with regards to effecting results, however Stark (1993) investigated the influences of the sampling method, water depth, current velocity and substratum on the results and found that both MCI and QMCI are independent of depth, velocity, and substratum from macroinvertebrate samples collected from stony riffles. This finding is an advantage for the assessment of water pollution.
There have been several studies conducted on seasonal variability, which has been considered the main influential factor on the assessment of water quality. It has been concluded that all models should test data that has been collected in the season as the reference data, which is being used.
There have been several other factors such as water temperature, invertebrate life histories and dissolved oxygen levels that have all been explained as causes of seasonal variability. Warmer seasons have biotic indices that are indicative of poorer stream health. Warmer seasons such as summer, would have increased temperatures therefore increasing water temperature and decreasing the amount of dissolved oxygen in the water making the environment less ideal to aquatic macroinvertebrates. In return, this effects the density of macroinvertebrate population and changes the results of the indices.
References
External links
A user guide for Macroinvertebrate Community Index
Discussion on Radio New Zealand about MCI values of Hawkes Bay streams and rivers
List of indicator species used to calculate the MCI number
Environmental science
Water
Water management
Water pollution
Water in New Zealand
The National Engineering and Electrical Trade Union (NEETU) was a trade union representing engineering workers in Ireland.
The union was formed in 1920 as the Irish Engineering Industrial Union. Its first couple of years were turbulent, with the Irish Stationary Engine Drivers and the Operative Society of Mechanical Heating and Domestic Engineers, Whitesmiths, Ironworkers, and Pipe Fitters both joining, but the Irish General Railway and Engineering Union and the Electrical Trades Union both splitting away.
In 1948, the union renamed itself as the Irish Engineering, Industrial and Electrical Trade Union. The National Engineering Union (a renaming of the Irish General Railway and Engineering Union) amalgamated into the union in 1966, and the union renamed itself as the National Engineering and Electrical Trade Union. However, the merger was not recognised by the government, and the National Engineering Union continued to exist on paper until 1976.
In 2001, the union merged with the Electrical Trades Union, forming the Technical, Engineering and Electrical Union.
References
Trade unions established in 1920
Trade unions disestablished in 2001
Engineering trade unions
1920 establishments in Ireland
2001 disestablishments in Ireland
Defunct trade unions of Ireland
Miroslava Ritskiavitchius (; born 23 February 1964) is a German handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Lithuanian emigrants to Germany
People from Vilnius District Municipality
Pandemis xanthacra is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Kingswood is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
Geography
According to Google Maps, Kingswood, Virginia is located along Highway 29, positioned South of the city Colleen, Virginia and North of the city Amherst, Virginia. The Tye River flows through Kingswood.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Khaled Mahmoud (born 15 December 1969) is an Egyptian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Ee 3/3IV is a railway locomotive; the most modern version of the Ee 3/3 it was specially designed for service in frontier stations. The complicated equipment needed for four different electrical systems required a higher and wider body in front of and behind the cab and a reduction in power. Nevertheless, thanks to a modern crank drive, a maximum speed of 60 km/h can be attained.
Drive
The Ee 3/3IV are used in French and Italian frontier stations (mostly Geneva) on similar duty to the previous versions. All locomotives were equipped with a multiple drive in 1994 similar to the SBB Ee 3/3 II|Ee 3/3II. During the upgrade the locomotives received new service numbers (Ee 934).
They were occasionally used to haul passenger trains between La Plaine and Geneva when the SBB-CFF-FFS BDe 4/4 II were being repaired, due to the 1500 V DC catenary.
See also
List of stock used by Swiss Federal Railways
Swiss Federal Railways
External links
Bilder der Ee 3/3 IV im digitalen Eisenbahn Fotoarchiv
Site von Bruno Lämmli
Electric locomotives of Switzerland
Deepcar is a village located on the eastern fringe of the town of Stocksbridge, South Yorkshire, England. It is in the electoral ward of Stocksbridge and Upper Don, approximately north-west of Sheffield city centre.
Geography
The village lies south-west of the confluence of the River Don and Little Don River, and near to the junctions of the A616 road and A6102 roads, and the former junction of the 'Woodhead Line' (Sheffield to Penistone section, built for the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway) and private Stocksbridge Railways; the village was served by the Deepcar railway station from 1846 to 1959.
Situated in Deepcar is Don Fields, a small open field next to the Little Don River, mostly used for dog walking but occasionally used for football, there is a swing set and witches hat as well as picnic benches.
(IMG) https://pr0.nicelocal.co.uk/VwVq694cVlmFNTWbp8fTTA/580x540,q85/4px-BW84_n3lJhgQGe6caI1vAfZfD8yOKqS4dO4Py5dVeCDAtW6xSQsGs1MJdYXLSzoBOvGrxQ7BpTQqBZ0MwV7SaQ2Ul_bC4Sj0NhqUSyUZvRbviFm5DSj-l54sBMc2nyr-ZsLrmmk (IMG)
Deepcar also used to be home to Lowoods brickworks to the front of Deepcar railway station which most of which was demolished during the mid 1990s and the site is due to be turned into housing by Bloor Homes
History
The Deepcar archaeological site, which included a structure or 'house', dating to the mesolithic period, and ascribed to the Maglemosian culture was excavated in 1962 close to the junction of the Don and Little Don at Wharncliffe Wood. (). The site's culture has similarities to Star Carr in North Yorkshire, but gives its name to unique "Deepcar type assemblages" of microliths in the archaeology literature.
A potential Romano-British settlement has also been identified near the river banks.
The parish church of St John the Evangelist was opened in 1878.
See also
Listed buildings in Stocksbridge
References
External links
Sources for the history of Deepcar Produced by Sheffield City Council's Libraries and Archives
Villages of the metropolitan borough of Sheffield
Villages in South Yorkshire
Towns and villages of the Peak District
Archaeological sites in South Yorkshire
Stocksbridge
Brigadier General Mohammad Shahedul Anam Khan is a retired Bangladesh Army officer and defence analyst. He is an associate editor of The Daily Star.
Career
Khan received his commission in the Pakistan Army in 1968. He studied at the Royal Military College of Science and Staff College, Camberley.
khan graduated from the National Defence College in 1988.
Anam was the CMO of the United Nations Military Observer Group in Iraq from 1990 to 1991. 30 March 1991 to 6 March 1994, he served as the GOC of the Jalalabad Cantonment.
From 1997 to 2000, Anam was the Director General of the Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies. He served in Bangladesh Army headquarters as the Director of Military Intelligence and later as the Director of Military Operations.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bangladeshi writers
Bangladeshi journalists
The Monk, also known as The Kung Fu Monks, is a 1975 Hong Kong martial arts film written, directed by and starring Dean Shek, who makes his directorial debut.
Cast
Dean Shek as Si-hung
Yen Shi-kwan as Ta-chi
Fung Hak-on as Foon Ying
Eddy Ko as Ban Fong's boss
Shirley Wong as Foon Ying's girl
Wong Pau-kei as Thug
Gordon Liu as Foon Ying's thug
Ho Kei-cheong as Casino manager
Wong Shu-tong as Pickpocket
Anna Ho as Prostitute
Fung Fung as Brothel manager
San Sin as Monk
Wan Leng-kwong as Man chasing pickpocket
Hsu Hsia as Thug
Chan Tik-hak
Tang Tak-cheung as Thug
Lau Kar-wing
Chan Kon
Tam Po
Law Keung
Chai Lam as Gambler
Ho Po-sing
Cheung Chi-ping
Lai Yan
Chan Keung
Chu Kai
Ho Kei-cheong
Chui Fat
Wynn Lau
Lo Wai
Wan Fat
Chik Ngai-hung
Ning Mung
Production
According to an interview by Dean Shek, the film was developed after a time when Lau Kar-leung asked Shek whether he was daring enough to direct a film, to which Shek replied, "If you dare to invest, I dare to direct".
References
External links
The Monk at Hong Kong Cinemagic
1975 films
1975 martial arts films
1975 action films
Hong Kong martial arts films
Hong Kong action films
Kung fu films
Films directed by Dean Shek
1970s Cantonese-language films
Shaolin Temple in film
1975 directorial debut films
1970s Hong Kong films
Paired immunoglobulin-like type 2 receptor beta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PILRB gene.
Function
Cell signaling pathways rely on a dynamic interaction between activating and inhibiting processes. SHP-1-mediated dephosphorylation of protein tyrosine residues is central to the regulation of several cell signaling pathways. Two types of inhibitory receptor superfamily members are immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif (ITIM)-bearing receptors and their non-ITIM-bearing, activating counterparts.
Control of cell signaling via SHP-1 is thought to occur through a balance between PILRalpha-mediated inhibition and PILRbeta-mediated activation. These paired immunoglobulin-like receptor genes are located in a tandem head-to-tail orientation on chromosome 7. This particular gene encodes the non-ITIM-bearing member of the receptor pair, which has a truncated cytoplasmic tail relative to its ITIM-bearing partner and functions in the activating role. Alternative splicing has been observed at this locus and three variants, encoding two distinct isoforms, are described. Additional transcript variants have been identified but their full-length nature has not been determined.
The mouse homolog of PILRbeta has been studied in mice and found to have one known natural ligand, CD99, though it is unclear if this interaction occurs in the human homologs.
Structure
As with other paired receptors, PILRbeta has a truncated cytoplasmic tail compared to PILRalpha and features a charged residue within its transmembrane domain. PILRbeta has an extracellular domain with a siglec-like immunoglobulin fold that substitutes hydrophobic interactions for the siglec fold's characteristic disulfide bond. The structure of this domain is very similar to that of PILRalpha, but the two proteins nevertheless have different binding affinities for sialic acid.
References
The 1963 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. In its sixth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 9–0–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 199 to 52. Richard Saccoccia was the team captain. The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Russell Vollmer with 466 passing yards, fullback Dave Casinelli with 1,016 rushing yards and 84 points scored, and Bob Sherlag with 183 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Janakinagar is a village development committee in Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Province of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4864 living in 604 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Saadi Abbas Jalbani was born on 1 January 1988 in Karachi, Pakistan. He is a Pakistani karate competitor and captain of Pakistan National Karate team. In 2011, Saadi became the first ever Asian Champion in all South Asian region, he is currently playing as a professional from Al-Ittihad Kalba club.
Biography
Jalbani was born in 1988 in Lyari Town Karachi South. He started Karate in 1996 when he was 7 years old, Saadi has earned a black belt in karate on 15 April 2001. In 2018, he became the captain of Pakistan National Karate Team and joined WAPDA Karate team in 2007 As of 2014, he was the only karate competitor from South Asia who has won a gold medal at an Asian Karate Championship.
References
External links
Facebook page
1988 births
Living people
Pakistani male karateka
Karateka at the 2006 Asian Games
Karateka at the 2010 Asian Games
Karateka at the 2014 Asian Games
Karateka at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Pakistan
South Asian Games gold medalists for Pakistan
South Asian Games silver medalists for Pakistan
South Asian Games medalists in karate
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in karate
20th-century Pakistani people
21st-century Pakistani people
The Korean spelling alphabet (Korean: 한국어 표준 음성 기호, hangugeo pyojun eumseong giho or 한글 통화표, hangeul tonghwapyo) is a spelling alphabet for the Korean language, similar to the NATO phonetic alphabet.
The alphabet
Source
Spelling alphabets
Hangul jamo
is a 2007 maze video game developed by Bandai Namco Studios for the Xbox 360. It has since appeared on several other platforms, including iOS, Android, and the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable as a PSP mini title available on the PlayStation Store. It is an HD reimagining of the original Pac-Man arcade game; players navigate Pac-Man through an enclosed maze, eating pellets and avoiding four ghosts that pursue him. Clearing an entire side of the maze of dots will cause a fruit item to appear, and eating it will cause a new maze to appear on the opposite side.
Development of Championship Edition was headed by director Tadashi Iguchi, alongside producer Nobutaka Nakajima and designer and the father of Pac-Man, Toru Iwatani, the original creator of Pac-Man — Championship Edition was the final game he designed. Unhappy with earlier attempts to remake Pac-Man for removing many of the common elements present in the original, the development team focused on taking the original concept and expanding on two core features: the game speed and new mazes, which they felt would be the best way to "modernize" it. Iguchi was not much of a Pac-Man fan, spending much of his time thinking about how hardcore Pac-Man fans would react to the game's new features and ideas. It was chosen to make the game feel like an arcade game, due to it being released for the Xbox Live Arcade service.
Backed by a large marketing campaign orchestrated by Microsoft and Bandai Namco, Pac-Man Championship Edition was well-received by critics. Publications commended the game for successfully translating the classic Pac-Man gameplay into a modern format, with its gameplay, soundtrack and online features also being praised. One critic labeled it as "the true sequel to Pac-Man since Ms. Pac-Man". However, some disliked the lack of a multiplayer mode and for reusing enemy movement patterns in the original. It was followed by two sequels; Pac-Man Championship Edition DX, and Pac-Man Championship Edition 2.
Gameplay
Like the original Pac-Man, the basic game play of Pac-Man Championship Edition consists entirely of navigating Pac-Man through a maze, eating dots, power pellets and bonus items (such as fruits, keys, and other objects), and avoiding the four ghosts that roam the maze as well. If Pac-Man is caught by a ghost, the player loses a life. Eating a power pellet causes the ghosts to turn blue, allowing Pac-Man to eat them and send them back to their home, where they re-emerge in their original form.
However, there are several major differences from its original counterpart, making Pac-Man C.E. a faster paced game. Each maze is divided into two halves. Eating all the dots on one half causes a bonus item to appear on the other side, and eating the item causes a new maze to appear on the other half. Players can also collect additional power pellets to increase their powered uptime and continue earning maximum points for eating ghosts. The longer the player stays alive, the faster the game gets and the more points can be earned. As opposed to levels, the game is played within a certain time limit, with players attempting to get the highest score possible.
The game features six modes: Championship, which is the basic five-minute mode, two ten-minute Challenge modes which affect the stage (such as increasing power pellet pickups or putting the maze in darkness) and three Extra modes (one five-minute and two ten-minute) featuring different mazes. The game also supports online leader boards.
Development
The idea for the game that later became Pac-Man Championship Edition was conceived following the release of the original Pac-Man arcade game for the Xbox Live Arcade online service in 2006. Namco Bandai Games producer Nobutaka Nakajima noticed how the classic Pac-Man gameplay took place on a tall, vertical screen, in drastic comparison to the widescreen HD television sets most consumers have, alongside its "very low-resolution, old-school gameplay." With next generation video game consoles posing much more powerful hardware, the idea of a modernized remake of Pac-Man for HD televisions came into fruition. Nakajima became the project's producer, assisted by director Tadashi Iguchi and designer Toru Iwatani, the original creator of Pac-Man. Championship Edition was the last game that Iwatani designed. When the game was being idealized, the development team focused on the question: "We have all of this new technology and hardware and power. What would Pac-Man be like, taking this technology and putting it to the max?"
Nakajima felt that most remakes and sequels to Pac-Man strive too far from what he considered "the fundamentals of what made Pac-Man so great." With Championship Edition, he went back to the roots of the original to expand on its concept, while still keeping the game's core mechanics intact. Iwatani wanted the game to keep the simplicity of Pac-Man, as he felt that is what made the game fun and compelling. When the development team was discussing with Iwatani about the idea of the game, Namco Bandai was approached by Microsoft about a crossover promotional event centered around Pac-Man; with this in mind, the team focused on making the idea of players playing together a focal point for the game, wanting it to be full of excitement and action.
Iguchi claimed that the original Pac-Man was a success because of its "compelling" gameplay experience, and said that trying to improve on it was a difficult task. A total of twenty different ideas were proposed, only one of which was approved by Iwatani and became the basis for the game. With the original Pac-Man having already been done well in terms of its gameplay and design, Iguchi and the others stated that the only mechanics that could really be changed were the maze design and the speed of the game itself. The staff targeted those ideas specifically during production, and experimented with ways to improve them. When an idea was proposed, it was incorporated into the game and playtested to make sure if it was fun or interesting. Thanks to his background in designing arcade games during his time at Namco, specifically Pac-Man Arrangement for Namco Classic Collection Vol. 2 (1996), Iguchi was able to polish the concept to what he envisioned players wanted out of the arcade original. Microsoft had additional input on the project, requesting that the game have an arcade-like feel to it due to them wanting to release the game onto the Xbox Live Arcade service. The development team also wanted Championship Edition to be appealing towards more "modern" players, those who had never played Pac-Man during its heyday. Ideas such as the game increasing in speed as it progressed were added to draw in newer players. Iguchi was not much of a Pac-Man fan, and had to look at the game from the perspective of a hardcore fan of the franchise while working on it.
Release
The game was originally released on the Xbox Live Arcade service on June 6, 2007. The announcement of the game spurred more purchases of the Xbox 360 in Japan. Pac-Man C.E. is also available on a disc titled Xbox Live Arcade Compilation that is bundled with the Xbox 360 Arcade console bundle, as well as on the compilation package Namco Museum Virtual Arcade (in the latter however, it can't be accessed within NMVA itself; it must be accessed from the game library). Ports for iOS, J2ME, Android and PSP minis were released on December 10, 2009, middle of 2009, June 8, 2010 and December 1, 2010 respectively. The follow-up Pac-Man Championship Edition DX was released on Xbox Live Arcade on November 17, 2010 and PlayStation Network on November 23, 2010. The original Pac-Man Championship Edition was ported to Nintendo 3DS as part of a retail game titled Pac-Man & Galaga Dimensions in 2011. It is included in the downloadable game compilation Pac-Man Museum in 2014, and reappears in Pac-Man Museum +, released in 2022.
On June 5, 2007, the first Pac-Man World Championship was held in New York City, which brought together ten competitors from eight countries to play the new Pac-Man Championship Edition just prior to its release on Xbox Live Arcade. The top two scorers, Robert Glashuettner of Austria and Carlos Daniel Borrego Romero of Mexico, competed for the championship in a single five-minute round. Borrego was named Pac-Man World Champion and won an Xbox 360 console, specially decorated with Pac-Man artwork and signed by Tōru Iwatani. A "demastered" version of Pac-Man Championship Edition that runs on real Famicom/Nintendo Entertainment System hardware is included in the game compilation Namco Museum Archives Vol. 1 and physical editions of the Namcot Collection.
Reception
Pac-Man Championship Edition was well-received by video game publications, and is seen among the best games in the Pac-Man series. Critics felt that Namco Bandai successfully brought the core idea of the original into the modern era of video games. Joystiq called it "The first true sequel to Pac-Man since Ms. Pac-Man."
Pac-Man Championship Edition received mostly positive reviews by critics, with reviewers stating the gameplay was "fresh and exciting," "one of the best 'exclusive' pieces of downloadable/casual entertainment available," and that it was "nice to see a classic remade instead of simply repackaged." Jared Rea of Joystiq called it "The first true sequel to Pac-Man since Ms. Pac-Man." Criticisms include a lack of a multiplayer mode, and an apparent relapse to patterns that had been in the original. The game's Metacritic aggregator score is 83. The iOS port was criticised for its microtransaction strategy while the Android port was criticised for poor controls. IGN criticised the PSP mini version due to the absence of online leaderboards and its inferiority to its sequel.
Notes
References
2007 video games
Bandai Namco games
IOS games
Maemo games
Maze games
Pac-Man
Video game remakes
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games developed in Japan
Android (operating system) games
J2ME games
Dinan (), in Iran, may refer to:
Dinan, Isfahan
Dinan, Mazandaran
Daniel Hart may refer to:
Daniel Anthony Hart (1927–2008), American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Danny Hart (footballer) (born 1989), English footballer
Danny Hart (cyclist) (born 1991), English mountain biker
Daniel Hart (musician), American musician
Hucknall St John's F.C. was an English association football club which participated in the FA Cup. In the 1897–98 FA Cup, they reached the first round when they were beaten 2-0 by Liverpool.
References
Defunct football clubs in Nottinghamshire
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Aditi Ravi is an Indian model and actress, who appears in Malayalam films. She pursued a career in modelling before becoming an actress, debuting with a commercial for The Times of India during her college education. She made her acting debut with the 2014 film Angry Babies in Love, in a supporting role. Her first female lead role was in the 2017 film Alamara.
Early and personal life
Aditi was born at Thrissur, Kerala, in India as the daughter of Ravi and Geetha. She has two siblingsRakesh (brother) and Rakhi (sister). She graduated with a degree from Christ College, Irinjalakuda, Thrissur. Aditi currently resides in Kochi.
Career
She began her modelling career during her college education, she was selected after applying for appearing in a commercial for The Times of India. Later she acted in a number of commercials for various brands. She debuted as an actress in 2014, in a supporting role in the Malayalam romantic-drama film Angry Babies in Love, directed by Saji Surendran. She played the role, Maria, a model coordinator in a modelling agency. Before the film released, she was cast in two more films, Third World Boys and Beware of Dogs in the same year. She played Teena in Beware of Dogs. In 2014, she also appeared in the music video, Yelove, alongside Siddharth Menon, she was voiced by Shreya Ghoshal. She appeared in her first female lead role in 2017 with the film Alamara, opposite Sunny Wayne. She was selected after auditioning for the role. The film directed by Midhun Manuel Thomas was a satirical comedy surrounding around the custom of gifting a cupboard as part of dowry in Kerala weddings. Some other films are Aadhi, directed by Jeethu Joseph, and Tick Tock.
Filmography
Music albums
Short films
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Indian film actresses
Actresses from Thrissur
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Female models from Kerala
Year of birth missing (living people)
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Michael Connelly (born 1956) is an American author.
Michael Connelly may also refer to:
Michael Connelly (Illinois politician), American politician
Michael Connelly (Medal of Honor) (1843–1881), American Civil War sailor and Medal of Honor recipient
Michael Connelly (New Zealand politician) (1887–1970), politician and trade unionist
Mick Connelly (1916–2003), New Zealand politician
Mike Connelly (born 1935), American football player
See also
Michael Conneely (born 1949), Irish hurler
Michael Connolly (disambiguation)
The 1920–21 British Home Championship was a football tournament played between the British Home Nations during the 1920–21 season. The second tournament played since the hiatus of the First World War, the 1921 competition was dominated by Scotland, who won the first of seven championships they would claim throughout the decade. England and reigning champions Wales came joint second as goal difference was not at this stage used to separate teams.
England and Ireland kicked off the competition in October 1920, with England gaining an early advantage through a 2–0 victory. Action resumed the following February when Scotland beat current champions Wales at home and then Ireland away, to top the table. Wales and England both needed victory in their match to have a chance of catching Scotland, but both sides nullified each other and the result was a scoreless draw, requiring an English victory over the Scots in their final game to beat Scotland's lead. In the final games played simultaneously on 9 April, Wales beat Ireland to elevate themselves into joint second place as England crashed 3–0 to a superior Scottish side in Glasgow, thus making Scotland British Champions.
Table
Results
Winning squad
References
British
British Home Championships
Home Championships
Home Championships
Home Championships
Home Championships
Home Championships
Home Championships
James R. Venable was (January 15, 1901January 18, 1993) was a white supremacist Georgia lawyer and Mayor of Stone Mountain, Georgia from 1946 to 1949. He established the Klan national faction National Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in 1963, which he led for 25 years.
Early life
James R. Venable was born in Stone Mountain Georgia on January 15, 1901. He attended Lithonia High School with Nathan Bedford Forrest III, the grandson of Ku Klux Klan founder Nathan Bedford Forrest. Venable's ancestors arrived in the United States in 1683, and settled near Richmond, Virginia. His grandfather and namesake was the first "guinea pig" for surgeon Crawford Long, one of the pioneers of anesthesia. The elder Venable later purchased land in the city of Marthasville which was later renamed Atlanta. His name was given to Venable Street, near Georgia Tech. In the 1870s, Venable's ancestors purchased Pine Mountain, Arabia Mountain, and Stone Mountain, a large rock inselberg, in order to quarry native granite. The Venable quarry operations produced, at one time, all of the curbstones for the city of Atlanta and outlying communities. Stone from the quarries was also used to build structures such as the Cuban Capitol Building and the Brooklyn Bridge.
Legal and political career
Venable received his law degree in 1930. He worked as a lawyer in Georgia and in several other states. Most notably, he defended the bombers of the Hebrew Benevolent Congregation Temple bombing, which he described as "perhaps one of the hardest cases because the Jewish people spent many thousands of dollars." Venable also defended Communist Homer Chase in Atlanta. Half of the time he represented Black clients. He won acquittal for a Black client accused of murder and later won an appeal for two Black Muslims in Louisiana convicted on charges stemming from a police raid on their mosque. The $25,000 he won from that suit were funneled into his Klan. Despite never going on vacation, Venable was able to go to 44 states by practicing law. From 1946 to 1949 he served as the Mayor of Stone Mountain. He described Sen. Tom Watson as "perhaps the greatest [politician] during our century."
Ku Klux Klan
At the age of 13, Venable attended the 1915 revival of the KKK on top of Stone Mountain, alongside his uncle. In 1963, Venable organized the National Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, which competed with other rival national KKK factions. He would serve for 25 years as its Imperial Wizard. Venable often burned crosses on the land he owned at Stone Mountain. Although, he claimed "I hold no ill will against any race, color, or creed."
Personal life
Venable was married to Dorothy Venable, who he had two daughters with. He was a Presbyterian, attending North Avenue Presbyterian Church, and a member of the Free Masons.
Death
Towards the end of his life, Venable became afflicted with various conditions, including cancer, Alzheimer's disease, and pneumonia. He died on January 18, 1993, at a nursing home in Lawrenceville, Georgia.
References
1901 births
1993 deaths
Ku Klux Klan members
Christian radicals
Stone Mountain
20th-century far-right politicians in the United States
Nicolas de Bonneville, born 13 March 1760 at Évreux in Upper Normandy, died on 9 November 1828 in Paris; he was a French bookseller, printer, journalist, and writer. He was also a political figure of some relevance at the time of the French Revolution and into the early years of the next century.
Youth
A son of the prosecutor, Jean-Pierre Bonneville, Nicolas de Bonneville was expelled from the university during the first year of his philosophy studies after he created a scandal by refusing to support his contention that Jean-Jacques Rousseau was an atheist. Before taking up philosophy, he began, like his compatriot, , as a student of languages with an interest in philology. He was also a follower, though without sharing all of his ideas, of . As a young man, he produced German and English translations of the works of Jean le Rond d'Alembert, which financially supported him until his death. In particular, he was known for reproducing the essay on the origins of freemasonry by Thomas Paine, who became his close friend.
Freemasonry
Initiated into freemasonry in 1786 during a stay in England, he wrote two books on the subject, the "Jesuits Expelled from Masonry", and "Dagger Shattered by the Masons", both in 1788, in which he accuses the Jesuits of having introduced into the symbolic degrees of freemasonry, the myths of the Templars and their doctrine of revenge, based on the "crime" of their destruction, and the four vows of the Templars included in their higher degrees. Earlier, in 1787, the leading Bavarian illuminist and freemason, Johann Joachim Christoph Bode, is said to have converted the German-speaking Bonneville to a faith that combined esoteric symbolism with radical ideas of popular sovereignty bordering on direct democracy.
Politics
On the eve of the Convention of the Estates General, he began a passionate career in politics by publishing a newspaper, The Tribune of the People. Its proposals included the creation of a militia.
During the Revolution, he was among the first to propose the storming of the Bastille. Once the prison had fallen, the first mayor of Paris, Jean Sylvain Bailly, praised his "zealous and courageous" though "imprudent" initiatives, and he commissioned him as a lieutenant colonel in the militia, with the task of overseeing the water supply of the city of Paris. Soon afterward, he became president of the District of the Carmes Déchaussés, much to the fury of Jean-Paul Marat who had held that position.
Society of the Friends of Truth
On 13 October 1790, he founded, with Claude Fauchet, the Society of the Friends of Truth (also known as the Amis de la Verité or the Social Club), whose purpose was to rally the human race to "the doctrine of love, which is the religion of happiness." The club became a forum for revolutionary and egalitarian ideas, attracting Sylvain Maréchal and Gracchus Babeuf into his circle. It was at the time unique for its focus on social, sexual and racial equality.
The reports of the Social Club were published in the newspaper, Mouth of Iron. He also published newspapers called The Tribune of the People, The Chronicle of the Month, and The Well Informed. In addition to Fauchet, de Bonneville's collaborators included Louis-Sébastien Mercier, Nicolas de Condorcet, Nicolas-Edme Rétif, and Thomas Paine.
Political and philosophical beliefs
In a famous letter, Nicolas de Bonneville demanded freedom of the press, the abolition of Catholic worship, and the communal ownership of land.
In 1791, he founded the "Republican Society", whose members included Nicolas de Condorcet and Manon Roland. He was also friend and disciple to the occultist, Louis-Claude de Saint-Martin.
In his book "The Spirit of Religions", published in 1791, he sought to resolve the issue of social happiness by describing a universal religion which would have philosophers and scholars for priests. Following a disagreement with the Abbe Fauchet, he found himself alone at the Mouth of Iron. Nonetheless, the newspaper became one of the most sophisticated instruments of the Cordeliers Club, and it remained so until the cessation of its publication in the aftermath of the massacre on the Champ de Mars, 17 July 1791.
Bonneville's attempts to be elected to the National Assembly and the Convention failed. Hostile to the wantonly bloody violence of the Revolution, his denunciation of the massacres of September 1792 in "The Chronicle of the Month", earned him the wrath of Marat, who denounced him as an aristocrat. Soon afterward, he was arrested, but he was not executed; instead, he was released after the fall of Maximilien Robespierre.
Retrenchment
Retiring for some time to Évreux in 1800, Thomas Paine, who had lived with him and his wife since 1797, helped with the burden of translating the "Covenant Sea". The advent of Napoleon plunged him into trouble again when he hid the royalist, Antoine Joseph Barruel-Beauvert, at his home, and employed him as a proofreader. Beauvert had been proscribed following the coup of 18 Fructidor (4 September 1797). Bonneville's generous act, earning him a portrayal by Charles Nodier as "a frequent host of all the unfortunate of all parties", aroused the suspicions of authorities.
He was later jailed for comparing Napoleon Bonaparte to Oliver Cromwell, in The Well Informed of 19 Brumaire Year VIII (November 1800), and, although he was freed quickly enough, he found his presses had been confiscated. Ruined, he took refuge with his father in Évreux, and he remained under police surveillance.
In 1802, Tom Paine left for the United States with Bonneville's wife, Marguerite Brazier (1767–1846), who was a disciple of Bonneville's associate, the radical feminist, Etta Palm d'Aelders, and Brazier's three sons, Benjamin, Louis, and Thomas, of whom Paine was godfather. They settled in New Rochelle, New York on Paine's farm. In his will, Paine left the bulk of his estate to Marguerite who had cared for him until he died in 1809. The inheritance included one hundred acres (40.5 ha) of his New Rochelle farm where they had been living, so she could maintain and educate her sons.
The fall of Napoleon in 1814 finally allowed Bonneville to rejoin his wife in New Rochelle, where he remained for four years before returning to Paris. There, he earned a living by opening a bookshop in the Latin Quarter. During the latter years of his life, he fell into misery and madness, naturally taking a more pessimistic view on the possibilities for the happiness of mankind. His funeral expenses were paid for by Charles Nodier, Victor Hugo, and Alfred de Vigny.
His son, Benjamin Bonneville, undertook a career in the U.S. Army in which he retired as a brigadier general; his life was immortalized by Washington Irving's "Adventures of Captain Bonneville".
Bonneville played a crucial role in the advent of Romanticism. His own writings and inspirations make him an essential precursor of this literary movement. His translations from German of Goethe, Lessing, and Schiller also laid the groundwork for later French poets would wish to become familiar with the German stage.
References
Sources
Jean-Francois Bailly, Memoires, Paris, Paris, Baldwin Brothers, 1821, t. II, p. 334
Francois Furet, Nicolas de Bonneville and the Social Circle, 1787–1800, Paris, Hachette Desktop Publishing, 1976
Philippe Le Harivel. Nicolas de Bonneville, pre-Romantic and Revolutionary, 1760–1828, Strasbourg, Librairie Istra; London, New York: H. Milford, Oxford University Press, 1923
Simon Linguet, Memoirs of the Bastille, Paris, Librairie des Bibliophiles, 1889
Jules Michelet, History of the French Revolution, Paris, A. Lacroix, 1877–1879, t. II, pp. 230–232.
James H Billington, Fire in the Minds of Men, Origins of the Revolutionary Faith, Transaction Publishers, New Brunswick, London, 1999.
Additional works
The Poetry of Nicolas Bonneville, Paris, Imprimerie du Cercle Social, 1976, 1793
In the Spirit of Religion: book promised and necessary to the Federal Universal Friends of Truth, Paris, Impr. Social Circle, 1792
History of Modern Europe: From the Invasion of Northern Peoples in the Roman Empire until the Peace of 1783, 3 vols. Paris, Geneva, [sn], 1789–1792
Scottish Masonry, Nîmes: C. Lacour, 1788, 1998
The Tribune of the People, or, Collection of letters from some voters in Paris before the Revolution of 1789 Paris, Impr. Social Circle, 1789
The Old People's Tribune, Paris, Imprimerie du Cercle Social, 1793
Jesuits Expelled from Masonry, and Dagger Shattered by the Masons, Paris, C. Volland, 1788
"Letter from Nicolas de Bonneville, a lawyer at the Parliament of Paris, M. le Marquis de Condorcet", London: J. Rovinson, 1976, 1787
The Anthem of Fighting: a Tribute to the Armies of the Republic, Paris, Librairie-Imprimerie du Cercle Social, 1976, 1797
Nicolas Bonneville, Elector of the Department of Paris to the Real Friends of Freedom, Paris, Impr. Social Circle, 1976, 1791
1760 births
1828 deaths
Writers from New Rochelle, New York
French booksellers
French printers
18th-century French poets
French Freemasons
Newspaper editors of the French Revolution
19th-century French writers
French male essayists
French male poets
19th-century French male writers
18th-century essayists
19th-century French essayists
18th-century French male writers
19th-century French translators
