Polyopisthocotylea is a subclass of parasitic flatworms in the class Monogenea.
Classification
There are only two subclasses in the class Monogenea:
Monopisthocotylea. The name means "a single posterior sucker" - the attachment organ (the haptor) is simple.
Polyopisthocotylea. The name means "several posterior suckers" - the attachment organ (the haptor) is complex, with several clamps or suckers.
The subclass Polyopisthocotylea contains the four following orders:
Order Chimaericolidea
Order Diclybothriidea
Order Mazocraeidea
Order Polystomatidea
Examples of species
Microcotyle visa, one of the numerous species which are parasitic on gills of marine fish.
Diplozoon paradoxum, famous for its perfect monogamy, with the two individuals of the pair fused together
Lethacotyle vera, a parasite of the brassy trevally (Caranx papuensis), "the monogenean which lost its clamps"
Polystoma integerrimum, a parasite of frogs which synchronises its breeding with that of its host
Protocotyle euzetmaillardi, a parasite of the bigeyed sixgill shark Hexanchus nakamurai
Chimaericola leptogaster, a parasite of the gills of the chimaera Chimaera monstrosa.
References
External links
Protostome subclasses
The geography of Indiana comprises the physical features of the land and relative location of U.S. State of Indiana. Indiana is in the north-central United States and borders on Lake Michigan. Surrounding states are Michigan to the north and northeast, Illinois to the west, Kentucky to the south, and Ohio to the east. The entire southern boundary is the Ohio River.
Statistics
Total area is , making Indiana the 38th largest in size out of the 50 states.
Lake Michigan is the largest body of water wholly or partially within the state borders.
Hoosier Hill in Wayne County is the highest point in the state at above sea level.
The lowest natural point is on the Ohio River, specifically where Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky meet at one place. The elevation there is above sea level.
Overview
Indiana is bordered on the north by Lake Michigan and the state of Michigan; on the east by Ohio; on the south by Kentucky, with which it shares the Ohio River as a border; and on the west by Illinois. Indiana is one of the Great Lakes states.
The northern boundary of the states of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois was originally defined to be a latitudinal line drawn through the southernmost tip of Lake Michigan. Since such a line did not provide Indiana with usable frontage on the lake, its northern border was shifted ten miles (16 km) north when it was granted statehood in 1816.
The 475 mile (764 km) long Wabash River bisects the state from northeast to southwest before flowing south, mostly along the Indiana-Illinois border. The river has given Indiana a few theme songs, such as On the Banks of the Wabash, The Wabash Cannonball and Back Home Again, In Indiana. The Wabash is the longest free-flowing river east of the Mississippi River, traversing from the Huntington dam to the Ohio River. The White River, a tributary of the Wabash, zigzags through central Indiana.
There are 24 Indiana state parks, nine man-made reservoirs, and hundreds of lakes in the state. Areas under the control and protection of the National Park Service or the United States Forest Service include:
George Rogers Clark National Historical Park in Vincennes
Indiana Dunes National Park near Michigan City
Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial in Lincoln City
Hoosier National Forest in Bedford
Regions
The state of Indiana can be divided into several distinct regions.
Northern Indiana
Northern Indiana consists of 26 counties in the northern third of the state.
The landscape is characterized physically by very flat to rolling terrain ranging from above sea level and is similar to central Indiana except for the presence of higher and hillier terminal moraines and many glacial kettle lakes in some areas. Sand dunes and sand ridges also exist along the Lake Michigan shoreline(some reaching near 200 feet in height) and inland around the Kankakee River Basin. The Saint Lawrence River Divide goes through Northern Indiana following the top of the Valparaiso Moraine part of the way. Besides some urban areas, much of Northern Indiana is farmland.
Heavy industry is as much a part of the economy in the eastern two thirds of Northern Indiana as agriculture, and, as a result, the region tends to be associated with the Rust Belt. Northern Indiana as a whole is also the most ethnically diverse region in Indiana.
The northwest corner of the state is part of the Chicago metropolitan area and has nearly one million residents. Gary, and the cities and towns that make up the northern half of Lake, Porter, and La Porte Counties bordering on Lake Michigan, are effectively commuter suburbs of Chicago. Porter and Lake counties are commonly referred to as "The Calumet Region". The name comes from the fact that the Grand Calumet River and Little Calumet rivers run through the area. These counties are in the Central Time Zone, the same as Chicago. NICTD owns and operates the South Shore Line, a commuter rail line that runs electric-powered trains between South Bend and Chicago. Sand dunes and heavy industry share the shoreline of Lake Michigan in northern Indiana. Along the shoreline of Lake Michigan in Northern Indiana one can find many parks between the industrial areas. The Indiana Dunes National Park and the Indiana Dunes State Park are two natural landmarks of the area.
Northwest Indiana is marked with swell and swale topography as it retreats South from Lake Michigan (which are remnants of the beaches of ancient Lake Michigan) and is one of the marshiest parts of the state. The ecology changes dramatically between swells, or on opposite sides of the same swell. Plants and animals adapted to marshes are generally found in the swales, while forests or even prickly pear cactus and six-lined racerunners are found in the dryer swells.
The Kankakee River, which winds through northern Indiana, serves somewhat as a demarcating line between suburban northwest Indiana and the rest of the state. Before it was drained and developed for agriculture, the Kankakee Marsh was one of the largest freshwater marshes in the country. South of the Kankakee is a large area of prairie, the eastern edge of the Grand Prairie that covers Iowa and Illinois. The prairie chicken and American bison were common in Indiana's pioneer era, but are now extinct as wild species within the state.
The South Bend metropolitan area, in north central Indiana, is the center of commerce in the region better known as Michiana. Other cities located within the area include Elkhart, Mishawaka, Goshen, and Warsaw. Fort Wayne, the state's second largest city, is located in the northeastern part of the state where it serves the state as a transportation hub. Other cities located within the area include Huntington and Marion. East of Fort Wayne is an area of extremely flat land that, before development, was the westernmost reach of the Great Black Swamp.
Northeastern Indiana is home to a number of lakes, many of which are kettle lakes, which were caused by the glaciers that covered Indiana thousands of years ago and Glacial Lake Maumee. Some of these lakes include Lake James in Pokagon State Park, Lake Maxinkuckee, Lake Wawasee and Lake Tippecanoe. Lake Wawasee is the largest natural lake in Indiana, while Lake Tippecanoe is the deepest lake, reaching depths of over . Both lakes are located in Kosciusko County. Chain O' Lakes State Park, located in Noble County, contains 11 lakes, 8 of which are connected by natural channels.
Michiana
The center third of this region is known as the Indiana section of Michiana. South Bend is the cultural and economic center of the Michiana region.
Maumee Valley
The eastern third of this region centers around the Fort Wayne area and the Maumee River basin.
Central Indiana
Central Indiana comprises the 33 counties in the middle third of the state. However, many Hoosiers, or people living in Indiana, consider central Indiana as the Indianapolis metropolitan area. The region's dominant city by far is Indianapolis. Other prominent cities include Lafayette, Kokomo, Anderson, Muncie, and Terre Haute. Central Indiana is the most populous region of Indiana. The primary economic engines of Central Indiana are education and research, agriculture and manufacturing, and as a result, some of the larger cities in the region are dealing with Rust Belt issues similar to Northern Indiana. Major universities include Butler University, Purdue University, Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis, Ball State University, Indiana Wesleyan University, and Indiana State University.
Physically, the land in Central Indiana is characterized primarily by low, gently rolling hills and shallow valleys. Some counties of the region, like Howard County, are more flat in nature, while others, such as Morgan County are more rugged and hilly, while Tippecanoe County, trisected by the Wabash River, Tippecanoe River, and Wildcat Creek, has perhaps the most diverse physiography of the region. Elevation ranges from (and more) above sea level. Forests and farmland line Central Indiana's gently rolling plains and river valleys. The highest point in Indiana is Hoosier Hill, at above sea level in northern Wayne County.
The state capital and largest city, Indianapolis, is situated in the central portion of the state. It is intersected by numerous Interstates, U.S. highways, and railways giving the state its motto as "The Crossroads of America". Other cities located within the area include Anderson, Carmel, Kokomo, Lafayette, Richmond, and Terre Haute.
Rural areas in the central portion of the state are typically composed of a patchwork of fields and forested areas. The geography of Central Indiana consists of gently rolling hills and sandstone ravines carved out by the retreating glaciers. Many of these ravines can be found in west-central Indiana, specifically along Sugar Creek in Turkey Run State Park and Shades State Park.
Southern Indiana
Evansville, the third largest city in Indiana, is located in the southwestern corner of the state. It is located in a tri-state area that includes Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky. The south-central cities of Clarksville, Jeffersonville, and New Albany are part of the Louisville metropolitan area. Bloomington, the home of Indiana University's main campus, and Columbus, a small industrial city, are located in the northern part of this region. Vincennes, founded by French traders in 1732 and the oldest settlement in the state, is located on the Wabash River as served as the first capital of the Indiana Territory. Vincennes is also home of the Pantheon Theatre. Indiana was settled from its southern periphery northward; many more of its oldest settlements, including its first capital, Corydon, are in southern Indiana. Until 1950, the United States Census found the center of population to lie in southern Indiana.
Southern Indiana is a mixture of farmland, forest and very hilly areas, especially near Louisville and in the south central lime hills areas, stretching from the Ohio River to as far north as Greencastle, to the wide, flat valleys along the Wabash and Ohio rivers. The Hoosier National Forest is a nature preserve in south central Indiana. Southern Indiana's topography is more varied than that in the north and generally contains more hills and geographic variation than the northern portion, such as the "Knobs," a series of hills that run parallel to the Ohio River in south-central Indiana. The largely flat and flood-prone bottomlands of Indiana, where the Wabash, White, and Ohio Rivers converge, hosts numerous plant and animal species normally found in the Lower Mississippi and Gulf Coast region of the United States. Brown County is well known for its hills covered with colorful autumn foliage, the former home of T. C. Steele, and Nashville, the county seat and shopping destination. Harrison and Crawford Counties boast three of the state's most popular commercial caves at Wyandotte, Marengo, and Squire Boone Caverns.
The limestone geology of Southern Indiana has created numerous caves and one of the largest limestone quarry regions in the United States. Many of Indiana's official buildings, such as the Indiana Statehouse, the downtown monuments, the Indiana University School of Law in Indianapolis, many buildings at Indiana University Bloomington, and the Indiana Government Center, are all examples of Indiana architecture made with Indiana limestone. Indiana limestone has also been used in many other famous structures in the United States, such as the Empire State Building, the Pentagon, and the Washington National Cathedral. In addition, 35 of the 50 state capitols are made of Indiana limestone.
Physiography
Indiana is broken up into three main physical regions: The Great Lakes Plain in the northern third of the state, the Tipton Till Plain in the central third, and the Southern Hills and Lowlands region in the southern third.
Geology
Two-thirds of Indiana is covered with glacial till, from a few feet to hundreds of feet thick. The visible geology of the State is therefore mainly Quaternary, with rocks buried deeply. The southern third of the state is unglaciated and the bedrock becomes visible. The Cincinnati Arch and the Kankakee Arch are the predominant geologic features which control the underlying bedrock.
The oldest bedrock is Ordovician, forming an arch across the state from the southeastern corner near Cincinnati north and westward to the northwestern corner near Chicago. These layers of shale and limestone are exposed at the surface only in the southern reaches. Parallel to this line on north and south edges is a narrow band of Silurian age bedrock. These are primarily limestone and dolomite. The next band of rocks are Devonian in age and pass under Lafayette, Indianapolis and New Albany, across the Ohio River from Louisville. Greater erosion and thinner layers of glacial till have created surface exposures along river vallies. The last band of bedrock is from the Carboniferous age and covers nearly a third of the states southwestern area. There the states ‘coal measures' are exposed and major surface mining activities have built the local economies. A narrow belt of Mississippian age limestone, shale, and sandstone occurs west and southwards of Bloomington and had become known for its production of Indiana Limestone an important building material.
Coal
Indiana's ‘Coal Measures' are in the southwest corner of the state, where the bedrock is of the Pennsylvanian era.
Rivers
The Wabash River is the longest river in Indiana and cuts across the state from east to west. The Wabash and its main tributaries, the Salamonie River, Mississinewa River, Eel River, Tippecanoe River, White River, Vermilion River, and Embarras River drain Central Indiana. The Iroquois and Kankakee Rivers begin in Indiana and flow westward into Illinois before reaching the Mississippi River. The St. Joseph River flows from the state of Michigan through the northern counties at South Bend before returning to Michigan and ending at Lake Michigan. The Maumee River in the northeast is formed by the St. Mary's River and the St. Joseph River, which join in Fort Wayne before flowing into the state of Ohio to end at Lake Erie. The Ohio River forms the southern boundary of the State, draining the lower two tiers of counties.
Climate statistics for selected cities
See also
Indiana
List of counties in Indiana
Midwestern United States
Notes
References
Regions of Indiana
The Ruf BTR (Gruppe B Turbo RUF) is a sports car built by German automobile manufacturer Ruf Automobile. The BTR began production in 1983 and was based on the Porsche 911 (produced from 1978–1989) available in a narrow 911 or optional wide body configuration akin to the 930 Turbo (the drag difference causing more than difference in top speed). The BTR was the first
Ruf production sports car with a company specific VIN.
Construction of each vehicle began at the bare chassis level. About 20–30 cars were built this way, probably even more were converted from customer cars. Though no clear records exist to signify the total number of cars produced.
Specifications
The BTR was powered by a 3.4-litre, flat-6 turbocharged engine, producing at 6,000 rpm and of torque at 4,800 rpm. It came standard with a five-speed manual transmission, though a six-speed transmission became available in 1988 upon request. Other changes included bigger brakes and a stiffer suspension system.
Changes done to converted customer cars included a Ruf 5-speed manual transmission, quad-pipe exhaust system, Recaro leather seats, Ruf instrument clusters and steering wheel, Simpson race harness, twin-plug conversion applied to the engine, engine capacity increased to 3.4-litres with modifications done to the turbocharger, a front spoiler with an oil cooler, optional Porsche 935 style wing mirrors and Ruf 5-spoke 17-inch alloy wheels. The BTR conversion was available either for the 930 Turbo or for a Carrera 3.2.
Performance
Test results with narrow 911 body (by Car & Driver):
0–: 1.6 seconds
0–: 4.3 seconds
0–: 9.6 seconds
0–: 16.9 seconds
0–: 24.3 seconds
mile (402m): 12.5 seconds at
Top speed: (tested by Auto, Motor und Sport)
Awards and Recognition
In 1984, a Ruf BTR won the "World's Fastest Cars" contest held by the American car magazine Road & Track with a lead and also dominated the acceleration tests. It accelerated from in 4.7 seconds, in 10.4 seconds, covered in 13.3 seconds at a speed of and managed a top speed of .
At the next contest three years later, the same car, with 211,000 trouble-free miles on the odometer, visited outside the competition and attained a top speed of , still able to outperform most of the newer cars including the Lamborghini Countach 5000 QV, the AMG Hammer, the Ferrari 288 GTO, the Ferrari Testarossa and the Isdera Imperator 108i, only the Porsche 959, the Ruf CTR and a Koenig modified Porsche 911 Turbo with engine by RS-Tuning were faster.
In Auto, Motor und Sport 22/1984 issue, a Ruf BTR set a new 0-100 km/h acceleration record for production cars tested by the magazine.
It accelerated from in 4.6 seconds, in 15.5 seconds and covered a standing kilometre in 23.0 seconds.
Later Models
BTR 3.8
Introduced in 1993, the BTR 3.8 was based on the rear-wheel-drive 964 Carrera 2 and changes included an enlarged engine capacity of 3.8-litres, a turbocharger, a 6-speed automatic transmission with an electronic clutch, a completely reworked suspension and brakes, special 18-inch Ruf 5-spoke wheels and larger tyres measuring 235/40 ZR at the front and 265/35 ZR at the rear. The modifications done to the engine resulted in a power output of .
The car had a spartan, driver focused interior and featured lightweight racing bucket seats. Performance figures included acceleration to in 3.6 seconds, acceleration to in 12.9 seconds and a top speed of making it one of the fastest cars in the world at the time of its introduction.
BTR2
Introduced in 1993, the Ruf BTR2 was based on the Porsche 993. Using the 993 Carrera as a donor car, the BTR2 had a single turbocharger setup (with 11.6 psi of boost pressure), just like the original BTR. Changes done to the engine included an air-to-air intercooler, an auxiliary oil-cooler, Bosch Motronic engine management system and a lower compression ratio. The engine generated a maximum power output of at 5,000 rpm and of torque at 4,800 rpm.
The car included a Ruf 6-speed manual transmission, limited slip differential (with 60% lockup), lowered suspension (30mm reduction), bigger brake discs and stiff anti-rollbars as standard equipment. Other changes included Ruf 5-spoke alloy wheels, racing bucket seats in the interior, different front and rear bumpers and a "whale-tail" rear wing.
Performance figures included acceleration to in 4.1 seconds and a top speed of .
Notes
References
History of Ruf on Concept Carz
BTR
Cars powered by boxer engines
Cars introduced in 1983
First car made by manufacturer
Rear-engined vehicles
Jean Hoffman may refer to:
Jean Hoffman (water polo), Belgian water polo player
Jean L. Hoffman, social entrepreneur and educator
See also
Gene Hoffman (disambiguation)
1990 is a year.
1990 may also refer to:
1990 (number), the natural number following 1989 and preceding 1991
1990 (TV series), a 1977-78 BBC2 dystopian political thriller series
1990 (The Temptations album), 1973
1990 (Daniel Johnston album)
"1990", a song by Jean Leloup
MCMXC a.D., a 1990 album by Enigma
Idehen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Duncan Idehen (born 2002), English footballer
Osas Idehen (born 1990), Nigerian footballer
Faith Idehen (born 1973), Nigerian sprinter
Kacper Gomólski (; born 2 March 1993 in Gniezno, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider.
Career
Gomólski, the younger brother of fellow Speedway rider Adrian Gomólski and son of Jacek Gomólski began his Polish Speedway career in 2008, racing for hometown club Start Gniezno who he rode for until 2011. Before moving to Unia Tarnów and his now current club Unibax Toruń.
He was given his first opportunity in British Speedway by the Peterborough Panthers, before moving to the Swindon Robins at the age of just 19. He endured a tough season at Swindon and he found himself without a club in the Britain for the 2014 season. In 2015 Gomólski was back in British Speedway, this time with reigning Elite League champions the Poole Pirates. Poole promoter Matt Ford defended the decision to sign Gomólski, insisting that he would prove to be "an absolute steal" and that he is a "dramatically different" rider now to the one that most British Speedway fans would remember from the Swindon Robins.
References
Polish speedway riders
1993 births
Living people
Peterborough Panthers riders
Swindon Robins riders
Poole Pirates riders
People from Gniezno
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Varney Pas Boakay (born 16 January 1983) is a Liberian footballer. He stayed in East Java, Indonesia. His former clubs are club Persibo and Persela. With Persela, he played in Indonesia Super League.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Liberian footballers
Liberia international footballers
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Sportspeople from Monrovia
Association football forwards
Ennomos erosaria, the September thorn, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in the Palearctic realm in western Europe and from central Scandinavia. Its range extends to the northern Mediterranean and east to the Caucasus and Russia.
It is widespread in mixed and deciduous forests in Europe. The south eastern occurrence reaches Turkey and the Caucasus. The main habitat is dry deciduous forests and parks. In the Southern Alps, the species rises to an altitude of about 1600 metres.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–21 mm. The ground colour is straw yellow to ochre-yellow. The colour is darker on hindwing termen and the hindwing also has a faint discal spot. The fasciae (bands) are brown. The inward arc under projection on distal forewing is prominent.The name typical form is yellowish. ab. tiliaria Hbn. is paler, the forewing straw-colour. — ab. tinicoloria Esp. is without the transverse lines.
<ref>Riley, A.M. & Prior, G., 2003, British and Irish pug moths, , Harley Books, </ref>
Similar species: other Ennomos'' species.
The moths fly in one generation from July to October. They are attracted to light.
The larva which is rather elongate, with strong knob-shaped protuberances, altogether bearing a remarkable likeness to an oak twig is brown, now with
a tinge of purple, now of greenish, the ventral surface paler greenish brown.It feeds on oak, birch, and lime.
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may change in other parts of the range.
References
External links
September thorn on UKmoths
Fauna Europaea
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Ennomini
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Michael Denis
Taxa named by Ignaz Schiffermüller
Foreman is an unincorporated community in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma, United States. The community is southwest of Muldrow, northwest of Fort Coffee and north of Spiro.
History
Foreman was named for merchant Zack Foreman and had its own post office from October 31, 1898, until August 31, 1936.
Notable persons
Hooks Foreman, professional baseball player, was born in Foreman.
Zack Foreman, professional baseball player, was born in Foreman.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Takashi Fujinuma (Japanese 藤沼貴) (1931 — January 9, 2012) was a Japanese translator of Russian and a Doctor of Philology.
Biography
Takashi Fujinuma was born in Liaoning Province, China. He graduated from Tokyo Waseda University, Faculty of Philology. Fujinuma taught Russian literature until his retirement in 1997.
Fujinuma is known as a researcher and translator of the works of Leo Tolstoy (War and Peace, Anna Karenina, Resurrection). He was interested in all Russian classical and folk literature. Fujinuma created a biography of Tolstoy, which was published in several editions. For his research on Nikolay Karamzin, he was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philology. Fujinuma was a co-author and editor of several Russian-Japanese dictionaries, textbooks, and other similar works. For a long time, he was an active participant in bilateral cultural relations and repeatedly visited Russia.
On January 9, 2012, Fujinuma died of pneumonia at the age of 80.
References
1931 births
Japanese translators
2012 deaths
Japanese philologists
Deaths from pneumonia in Japan
Marco Frediani (born 14 March 1994) is an Italian professional football winger who plays for club Siena.
Club career
Early career
Frediani began his career at S.S. Romulea in his native Rome, Italy. In 2005, he was signed by Serie A giants Roma, to play in their youth teams. He progressed through the youth teams until 2013, making fifty appearances for the Primavera side in total.
Loan moves
Frediani made the jump from Primavera side to professional sides in 2013, when he was loaned to Lega Pro (then Prima Divisione) side L'Aquila. He was a regular in the side, making 32 appearances and scoring 4 goals. Upon his return to Roma, he made another loan move, this time to Pisa of the same division. Again, he made several appearances and managed to score a further 2 goals, along with 4 assists. He returned to Roma after two positive seasons, but was still unable to break into the first team. He made another loan move, this time to Serie B side Ascoli. In this higher division, Frediani struggled to get playing time and only made two appearances for the Marche side in 6 months. Returning to Roma in the winger transfer window in January 2016, he was signed to an 18-month loan by Ancona, returning to Lega Pro midway through the 2015-16 season and for the entirety of the 2016-17 season. He made his debut for Ancona on 13 March 2016, playing 42 minutes in a 0–0 draw against Arezzo. After being red-carded in a game against Siena, and serving a three-game suspension, Frediani began to play more regularly for Ancona, and managed to score his first goal for the club against Modena on 24 September 2016, before netting 4 more and registering an assist in the next 15 games.
Parma
Loan to Sambenedettese
On 1 August 2019 he joined Sambenedettese on loan.
Alessandria
On 2 October 2020, he signed a two-year contract with Alessandria.
Fermana
On 31 August 2021, he moved to Fermana on a two-year deal.
Siena
On 16 July 2022, Frediani joined Siena on a two-year contract.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Rome
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie B players
Serie C players
A.S. Roma players
L'Aquila Calcio 1927 players
Pisa S.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
U.S. Ancona 1905 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Ternana Calcio players
A.S. Sambenedettese players
U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 players
Fermana F.C. players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Steven Mitchell Birnbaum (born January 23, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who is captain of and plays as a center-back for D.C. United.
Birnbaum started every game for D.C. United in the 2018 season. In 2018 he played every minute in all 34 regular season games, and led Major League Soccer in total clearances, headed clearances, and aerials won, and in 2019 he again led the league in headed clearances and aerials won.
Early life
Birnbaum was born in Newport, California, and is Jewish. His hometown is Irvine, California. His mother is Peggy (Schmidt) Birnbaum, who played softball and volleyball at the University of Missouri.
He completed high school early at Northwood High School at age 17. Birnbaum also played volleyball and lacrosse in high school.
Career
Youth and college
Birnbaum played in the U.S. Soccer Development Academy for Southern California club Pateadores, of which he was the captain. He played for the U.S. U-18 and U.S. U-20 national teams in tournaments in Portugal and Mexico in 2008.
He played 72 games over five years of college soccer on scholarship at the University of California, Berkeley for the California Golden Bears men's soccer team, between 2009 and 2013, though redshirted the 2012 season, and was team captain. Birnbaum majored in social welfare. He was 2010 and 2011 Pac-12 All-Academic honorable mention, 2011 and 2013 All-Pac-12 first team, 2011 Jewish Sports Review first-team All-American, a 2013 Missouri Athletic Club Hermann Trophy semifinalist, an National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) 2013 First Team All-American, NSCAA 2013 First Team All-Far-West Team, and a finalist for the Soccer News Net College Boot Player of the Year Award. While at college, Birnbaum also appeared for USL PDL club Orange County Blue Star in 2010 and 2011.
In 2012, he won a silver medal with the U.S. team in the 2012 Pan American Maccabi Games in Brazil.
Professional
Birnbaum was selected in the first round (2nd overall) of the 2014 MLS SuperDraft on January 14, 2014, by D.C. United. He was loaned out to their USL Pro affiliate Richmond Kickers in March 2014, making his professional debut on April 5, 2014 in a 3–1 win over the Pittsburgh Riverhounds. He is a crucial player of D.C. United because of his great defensive capabilities, and has played for them since 2014.
Following an injury to Jeff Parke, in 2014 Birnbaum became United's starting center back alongside Bobby Boswell. Birnbaum was named a finalist for the 2014 MLS Rookie of the Year, but lost to Tesho Akindele.
Birnbaum scored his first goal for United on February 26, 2015, in a CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinal leg against Alajuelense. In 2016, Birnbaum was the subject of several rumors regarding a possible transfer to Europe or Israel, with Maccabi Tel Aviv offering $1.5 million and mentioned as one possible destination. He was an MLS All Star in 2016. He became the team captain in 2017.
Birnbaum started every game for D.C. United in the 2018 season. In 2018 he played a career-high and club record 3,060 minutes, playing every minute in all 34 regular season games. He led the league in total clearances (217), headed clearances (120), and aerials won (173), and came in 6th in the voting for the MLS Defender of the Year Award.
In 2019, Birnbaum again started every game for D.C. United. His teamwork with fellow defender, Frédéric Brillant, and goalkeeper, Bill Hamid, helped DC to concede the lowest number of goals in the Eastern Conference in 2019. In 2019 he led the MLS in headed clearances (109) and aerials won (177).
International
Birnbaum played for the United States U18 and United States U20 national teams in 2008.
Birnbaum debuted for the United States men's national soccer team on January 28, 2015. His first goal for the USMNT was a 90th-minute winner versus Iceland on January 31, 2016, a game in which he had already provided an equalizing assist to Michael Orozco to make it 2-2. He also played for the team in the 2016 Copa América Centenario and World Cup Qualifiers. In 2017, he played against Serbia and Jamaica.
Accolades
Birnbaum was inducted into the Greater Washington Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 2017. He was inducted into the Southern California Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 2020.
Personal life
Birnbaum married his fiancé, Jeanne, on December 15, 2018, in Virginia. They live in Logan Circle in Washington, D.C. He and Jeanne had a daughter together in October 2019 and a son in December 2020.
Statistics
College
Club
International
|-
| 1. || January 31, 2016 || StubHub Center, Carson, California || || 3–2 || 3–2 || Friendly || United States vs. Iceland - January 31, 2016 - Soccerway
|}
See also
List of select Jewish football (association; soccer) players
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
All-American men's college soccer players
American soccer players
Association football defenders
California Golden Bears men's soccer players
Copa América Centenario players
D.C. United draft picks
D.C. United players
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish footballers
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Major League Soccer players
Orange County Blue Star players
People from Mendocino County, California
Richmond Kickers players
Soccer players from California
Soccer players from Washington, D.C.
Sportspeople from Irvine, California
Sportspeople from Newport Beach, California
USL Championship players
United States men's international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's youth international soccer players
USL League Two players
People from Northwest (Washington, D.C.)
21st-century American Jews
The Samson Option: Israel's Nuclear Arsenal and American Foreign Policy is a 1991 book by Seymour Hersh. It details the history of Israel's nuclear weapons program and its effects on Israel-American relations. The "Samson Option" of the book's title refers to the nuclear strategy whereby Israel would launch a massive nuclear retaliatory strike if the state itself was being overrun, just as the Biblical figure Samson is said to have pushed apart the pillars of a Philistine temple, bringing down the roof and killing himself and thousands of Philistines who had gathered to see him humiliated.
According to The New York Times, Hersh relied on Ari Ben-Menashe, a former Israeli government employee who says he worked for Israeli intelligence, for much of his information on the state of the Israeli nuclear program. However, Hersh confirmed all of this information with at least one other source. Hersh did not travel to Israel to conduct interviews for the book, believing that he might have been subject to the Israeli Military Censor. Nevertheless, he did interview Israelis in the United States and Europe during his three years of research.
Contents
Revelations and allegations
Publisher Random House says, on the flaps of the dust jacket, that The Samson Option "reveals many startling events," among them:
How Israel stole United States satellite reconnaissance intelligence and used it to target the Soviet Union.
How Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir directed that some of the intelligence stolen by American Jonathan Pollard, who spied for Israel, be turned over to the Soviet Union.
How Israel created a false control room at the Dimona nuclear facility to hide from American nuclear inspectors its use in creating nuclear weapons.
How President Dwight Eisenhower's administration tried and failed to force Israel to acknowledge its nuclear ambitions.
How Israel threatened to use nuclear weapons on the third day of the 1973 Yom Kippur War, blackmailing U.S. President Richard Nixon into airlifting military supplies.
How Israel used a top London newspaper editor to capture Mordechai Vanunu.
How a top American Democratic Party fund-raiser influenced the White House while raising money for the Israeli bomb.
How American intelligence finally learned the truth about Dimona.
The American Library Association book review lists additional "significant revelations" in the book:
Fuller details about the Israeli bombing of the Iraqi nuclear facility in 1981.
That Israel collaborated with South Africa on a nuclear test over the Indian Ocean in 1979. (Now disputed. See nuclear.)
That during the 1991 Gulf War Israel pointed nuclear armed mobile missiles at Iraq.
That Israel holds a few neutron bombs in addition to several hundred other nuclear weapons.
That U.S. policy towards Israel's nuclear program "was not just one of benign neglect: it was a conscious policy of ignoring reality."
The New Scientist book review lists specific examples of U.S. official's suppression of information:
CIA analysts kept quiet about what they found in Lockheed U-2 spy plane photographs of Dimona during the 1950s.
Lewis Strauss, chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission during the 1950s, probably knew about and supported the Israeli nuclear weapons program.
The review also notes the revelation that U.S. President John F. Kennedy attempted to persuade Israel to abandon its nuclear program, and angry notes were exchanged between Kennedy and Israeli Premier David Ben-Gurion in 1963.
Other allegations in The Samson Option include:
The U.S. did not understand that Israel saw the Soviet Union as its number one threat; that even before he became President Nixon's National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger had told Israeli leaders that the U.S. would not help Israel if the Soviets attacked it; that Israeli missiles targeted the Soviet Union from 1971 on; that the Soviets had added four Israeli cities to their target list; that the Soviets had threatened Israel after the 1973 war because Israel kept breaking ceasefires with Egypt.
The White House under Kennedy was "fixated" upon what to do about Israel's nuclear weapons. However, none of the prominent Kennedy biographers, including Arthur Schlesinger and Theodore C. Sorensen mentioned the fact.
In December 1960 U.S. Atomic Energy Commission chairman John A. McCone revealed Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) information about Israel's Dimona nuclear weapons plant to the New York Times. Hersh writes that Kennedy appointed McCone Director of Central Intelligence in part because of his willingness to deal with Israeli and other nuclear issues - and despite the fact that McCone was a Republican. McCone resigned as director in 1965, feeling unappreciated by President Lyndon B. Johnson, who he complained would not read his reports, including on the need for full-fledged inspections of Israeli nuclear facilities.
President Johnson suppressed the January, 1965 Gilpatric report which called for tough anti-nuclear proliferation efforts, including against Israel, because he feared backlash from American Jews. In June 1965 Senator Robert F. Kennedy publicly called for many of the report's recommendations, invoking his assassinated brother's name, thus provoking Johnson to further bury the report.
Hersh alleges that the Soviets learned about and communicated to Egyptian President Anwar Sadat Israeli threats to use the Samson Option in the 1973 war.
Menachem Begin's conservative party coalition, which took power in 1977, was more committed to “the Samson Option and the necessity for an Israeli nuclear arsenal” than the Labor Party. Rather than merely react to attack, they intended to “use Israeli might to redraw the political map of the Middle East.” Begin, who hated the Soviet Union, immediately targeted more Soviet cities with nuclear weapons.
Hersh includes two quotations from Israeli leaders. He writes that a "former Israeli government official" with "first-hand knowledge of his government's nuclear weapons program" told him: We can still remember the smell of Auschwitz and Treblinka. Next time we'll take all of you with us. And he quotes then Israeli defense minister Ariel Sharon as saying: We are much more important than (Americans) think. We can take the Middle East with us whenever we go.
Critical reception
Yale professor Gaddis Smith reviewed the book for Foreign Affairs, calling it a "fascinating work of investigative history" that succeeded in sifting "hard fact from the decade's rumors and half-confirmed reports" on the Israeli program. New Scientist's review stated that the book "breaks new ground" by revealing that "US officials helped to suppress the information they gathered on Dimona," i.e., Israel's Negev Nuclear Research Center. The book spent three weeks on Publishers Weekly's bestseller list.
Some Jewish and Israeli publications were much more critical of the book. The American Israel Public Affairs Committee's newsletter "Near East Report" said that the book has "many inaccuracies," and The Jerusalem Report said that it was "yet another pretentious, self-serving and therefore unreliable effort to stir up a controversy for its own sake and make a fast buck."
Controversies
Spy allegation
Hersh stated in The Samson Option that the foreign editor of the British Daily Mirror, Nicholas Davies, told the Mossad in 1986 the name of the hotel in which Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu was hiding. Vanunu was in the process of revealing information on the Israeli nuclear program to The Sunday Times, but was subsequently kidnapped and smuggled to Israel by the Mossad. Hersh further stated that Davies was involved in Israeli arms sales, and that his boss Robert Maxwell also had ties to the Mossad. He received this information from Ben-Menashe and from Janet Fielding, Davies' former wife.
Both Davies and Maxwell immediately rejected the allegations, calling them "a complete and total lie" and a "ludicrous, a total invention" respectively. On October 23, 1991 they filed a libel suit against the book's British publisher, Faber & Faber Ltd., and two days later they filed another libel suit against Hersh himself. Davies never pursued his case, and Maxwell died the following month. In August 1994 the Mirror Group settled Maxwell's suit, paying Hersh and Faber & Faber damages, covering their legal costs, and issuing a formal apology.
Two British MPs asked for further investigations into the book's revelations. Labour Party MP George Galloway proposed an independent tribunal to investigate the extent of foreign intelligence penetration of Maxwell's Mirror Group. Conservative Party MP Rupert Allason asked for the Department of Trade and Industry to see if potential arms sales to Iran had violated a UN embargo.
Pollard information
In The Samson Option Hersh cites Ben-Menashe and an anonymous Israeli source in stating that US intelligence information stolen by convicted spy Jonathan Pollard had been "sanitized" and given by Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir directly to the Soviet Union. This information was said to include US data and satellite pictures which were used by US forces for nuclear targeting against the USSR. These claims were subsequently denied by the military aide to Shamir, the then Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin, the Soviet official who was said to have received the information, and a Washington official.
Gates arms deals
Because Hersh named Ben-Menashe as a major source of the book, other allegations by the former Israeli official were granted greater attention. Among other things, Menashe had claimed that Robert Gates, then in Senate hearings to be confirmed as the director of the CIA, had been involved in "illegal arms shipments to Iraq" during the 1980s. However, Gates was confirmed after the Senate Intelligence Committee did not substantiate the claims.
References
External links
Full text available (US edition) at the Internet Archive. (New York: Random House, 1991.)
Full text available (UK edition) at the Internet Archive. (London: Faber and Faber, 1991.)
Arabic translation available at the Internet Archive.
1991 non-fiction books
Books about Israel
Random House books
he:מדיניות הגרעין של ישראל#מדיניות השימוש בנשק הגרעיני
Daniele Russo (born 3 July 1973) is an Italian football manager who is assistant manager of Adana Demirspor.
Playing career
Russo started his playing career with Italian fourth division side Piombino. In 1994, he signed for Centense in the Italian third division. In 1995, Russo signed for Italian second division club Perugia, where he made 17 league appearances and scored 0 goals. In 1996, he signed for Pistoiese in the Italian third division. Before the second half of 1996–97, Russo signed for Italian second division team Castel di Sangro. In 2000, he signed for Viterbese in the Italian third division. In 2003, he signed for Italian second division outfit Pescara. In 2005, Russo signed for Italian third division side Atletico Roma.
Managerial career
In 2011, he was appointed assistant manager of Catania in the Italian Serie A. In 2016, he was appointed assistant of Italian Serie A club Milan. In 2017, Russo was appointed assistant manager of Sevilla in Spain. In 2019, he was appointed assistant manager of Italian club Fiorentina. In 2021, Russo was appointed assistant manager if Adana Demirspor in Turkey.
References
Living people
1973 births
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 players
A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio players
U.S. Viterbese 1908 players
L'Aquila Calcio 1927 players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Atletico Roma F.C. players
Footballers from Rome
Association footballers not categorized by position
Atletico Piombino players
Tiogo Mossi is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,121.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Children of Chaos may refer to:
Children of Chaos (T99 album), 1992
Children of Chaos (Soulidium album), 2007
The women's long jump event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 13 March in San Sebastián.
Results
References
Long jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Long
Euro
Cape Vik () is a cape marking the west side of the entrance to Marshall Bay on the south coast of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. The cape appears to be first shown and named on a chart made by the Norwegian whaler Captain Petter Sorlle in 1912–13.
Maling Peak is just northwest of the cape.
Coronation Island
Headlands of the South Orkney Islands
A list of windmills in South Africa.
Locations
Western Cape
Other locations
Notes
Known building dates are in bold text. Non-bold text denotes first known date. Dates in "Notes" column is last known date the mill was in existence unless otherwise stated. One of the Salt River windmills was standing in 1844, and one of them was standing c. 1896.
References
The reference for all entries is unless otherwise stated.
External links
Windmill World webpage on South Africa's windmills
South Africa
Win
Windmills
Stephen Andrew Cardullo (born August 31, 1987) is an American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman who is a free agent. After playing college baseball for the Florida State Seminoles, Cardullo played for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball (MLB) in 2016 and 2017.
Career
Cardullo attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He was not recruited to play college baseball, but after a tryout became a walk-on for the Florida State Seminoles baseball team at Florida State University. After receiving little playing time as a freshman and a sophomore, he began his junior year as the Seminoles' starting first baseman before shifting to shortstop. He batted .376 with 10 home runs and 51 runs batted in, and was named a First-Team All-American. In 2009, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Arizona Diamondbacks
The Arizona Diamondbacks selected Cardullo in the 24th round of the 2010 Major League Baseball draft. Cardullo spent the 2010 and 2011 seasons in rookie ball with the Missoula Osprey, batting a cumulative .264/.348/.451 with 10 home runs and 43 RBI in 81 total games. On March 20, 2012, Cardullo was released by the Diamondbacks organization.
Florence Freedom
Cardullo signed with the London Rippers of the Frontier League for the 2012 season. However, the team folded, and Cardullo was traded to the Florence Freedom of the Frontier League. On the year, Cardullo slashed .263/.351/.375 between the two clubs with 3 home runs and 35 RBI in 87 games.
Rockland Boulders
Cardullo signed with the Rockland Boulders of the Can-Am League for the 2013 season. In 2013, Cardullo batted .267/.349/.417 with 6 home runs and 56 RBI in 100 contests. The next year, Cardullo played in 92 games for Rockland with a batting line of .298/.339/.423 to go along with 6 home runs and 51 RBI. In 2015, Cardullo had a batting line of .331/.410/.518, all career-highs to go along with career-highs in RBI (76) and stolen bases (23). Cardullo was named the CanAm League MVP for the 2015 season.
Colorado Rockies
On January 6, 2016, Cardullo signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies organization. The Rockies assigned Cardullo to the Albuquerque Isotopes of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League.
Cardullo was called up to the major leagues for the first time on August 26, 2016. He hit his first Major League home run against Casey Fien in the first game of a doubleheader against the Los Angeles Dodgers on August 31, 2016, his 29th birthday, and his first grand slam in the second game against Bud Norris. On December 2, 2016, Cardullo was non-tendered by the Rockies after hitting .214/.254/.411 with 2 home runs and 6 RBI in 27 games.
On December 15, 2016, Cardullo signed a minor league contract with the Rockies that included an invitation to 2017 spring training. Cardullo made the Rockies' Opening Day roster out of spring and had his contract selected to the 40-man roster on March 31, 2017. After collecting 4 hits in 32 plate appearances for the Rockies, Cardullo suffered a broken wrist while playing for the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes. The Rockies released Cardullo on May 19, 2017, but quickly re-signed him to a minor league contract on May 23. He elected free agency on November 6, 2017. He re-signed with the Rockies on a minor league deal on January 5, 2018. He elected free agency on November 3, 2018.
High Point Rockers
On April 11, 2019, Cardullo signed with the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. Cardullo was named an Atlantic League All-Star for the 2019 season. He finished the year batting .266/.375/.477 with 22 home runs and 70 RBI. He became a free agent following the season.
On January 30, 2020, Cardullo signed with the Tecolotes de los Dos Laredos of the Mexican League. Cardullo did not play a Mexican League game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Mexican League season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. He later became a free agent.
On June 15, 2021, Cardullo re-signed with the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He became a free agent following the season.
References
External links
Florida State Seminoles bio
1987 births
Living people
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Baseball players from Florida
Charros de Jalisco players
Colorado Rockies players
Florence Freedom players
Florida State Seminoles baseball players
Gigantes del Cibao players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Harwich Mariners players
High Point Rockers players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Missoula Osprey players
Rockland Boulders players
Sportspeople from Hollywood, Florida
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Florida) alumni
Cyborg 3: The Recycler is a 1994 American direct-to-video film and is sequel to Cyborg 2 (1993) starring Malcolm McDowell and Khrystyne Haje. Released on home video in 1995, the film is directed by Michael Schroeder. It is the third installment in the Cyborg film series.
Plot
The film is set in a desolate post-apocalyptic world where a once thriving age of man and cyborgs has come to an end. Cyborgs are now hunted for their parts. Cash (Haje), a female cyborg learns from Doc Edford (Margaret Avery) that she is somehow pregnant.
She searches for the fabled city of Cytown to find Evans (Zach Galligan), a creator of cyborgs, to find out more about her condition. She is followed by Anton Lewellyn (Richard Lynch) and his assistant Jocko (Andrew Bryniarski). Lewellyn is able to sustain himself by hunting cyborgs for their parts. Though he has long wanted to find Cytown (the last haven for cyborgs), he becomes obsessed in getting Cash and her child.
Cast
Malcolm McDowell as Lord Talon
Khrystyne Haje as Casella "Cash" Reese Cyborg
Zach Galligan as Evans
Richard Lynch as Anton Lewellyn
Andrew Bryniarski as Jocko Cyborg
Michael Bailey Smith as Donovan Cyborg
William Katt as Decaf Cyborg
Rebecca Ferratti as Elexia Cyborg
Margaret Avery as Dr. Edford
Raye Hollitt as Finola Cyborg
Kato Kaelin as Beggar
Evan Lurie as El-Sid Cyborg
Bill Quinn as Hale Cyborg
David McSwain as Ahab Cyborg
External links
1995 films
1995 independent films
1990s science fiction action films
American independent films
American science fiction action films
American sequel films
Direct-to-video sequel films
1990s English-language films
American post-apocalyptic films
Cyborg films
Cyborg (film series)
Films directed by Michael Schroeder
1990s American films
Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1961 () was opened on September 13, and become one of the largest Art Exhibition of 1961 in the USSR. The Exhibition took place in State Russian Museum.
History and Organization
For the organization and preparation of Exhibition was formed specially Exhibition Committee which consisted of 50 the most authoritative art-experts. Exhibition Catalog was published. In total, the Exhibition displayed almost 1100 works of art of painters, sculptors, graphics, artists of theater and cinema, masters of arts and crafts. At whole Exhibition attended over 650 artists of the Leningrad. About 170 art works the viewer is not seen in the exhibition, as they have been selected to represent the Leningrad artists at an All-Union Art Exhibition in Moscow, which opened a few days later.
Contributing Artists
In the largest Department of Painting were exhibited art works of 298 authors. There were Piotr Alberti, Evgenia Antipova, Taisia Afonina, Vsevolod Bazhenov, Irina Baldina, Nikolai Baskakov, Leonid Baykov, Yuri Belov, Piotr Belousov, Olga Bogaevskaya, Lev Bogomolets, Nikolai Brandt, Piotr Buchkin, Zlata Bizova, Nikolai Galakhov, Ivan Godlevsky, Elena Gorokhova, Abram Grushko, Oleg Eremeev, Alexei Eriomin, Mikhail Kaneev, Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova, Mikhail Kozell, Engels Kozlov, Marina Kozlovskaya, Maya Kopitseva, Boris Korneev, Alexander Koroviakov, Elena Kostenko, Anna Kostrova, Gevork Kotiantz, Yaroslav Krestovsky, Valeria Larina, Boris Lavrenko, Ivan Lavsky, Anatoli Levitin, Oleg Lomakin, Dmitry Maevsky, Vladimir Malevsky, Gavriil Malish, Eugene Maltsev, Evsey Moiseenko, Alexei Mozhaev, Nikolai Mukho, Vera Nazina, Mikhail Natarevich, Anatoli Nenartovich, Samuil Nevelshtein, Yuri Neprintsev, Dmitry Oboznenko, Sergei Osipov, Vladimir Ovchinnikov, Lia Ostrova, Filaret Pakun, Genrikh Pavlovsky, Varlen Pen, Boris Petrov, Nikolai Pozdneev, Stepan Privedentsev, Alexander Pushnin, Valentina Rakhina, Semion Rotnitsky, Galina Rumiantseva, Lev Russov, Maria Rudnitskaya, Ivan Savenko, Gleb Savinov, Vladimir Sakson, Alexander Samokhvalov, Vladimir Seleznev, Arseny Semionov, Alexander Semionov, Yuri Shablikin, Boris Shamanov, Alexander Shmidt, Nadezhda Shteinmiller, Elena Skuin, Kim Slavin, Galina Smirnova, Alexander Sokolov, Alexander Stolbov, Victor Teterin, Nikolai Timkov, Leonid Tkachenko, Mikhail Trufanov, Yuri Tulin, Boris Ugarov, Ivan Varichev, Anatoli Vasiliev, Piotr Vasiliev, Valery Vatenin, Lazar Yazgur, German Yegoshin, Vecheslav Zagonek, Sergei Zakharov, Elena Zhukova, Maria Zubreeva, and others most prominent painters of the Leningrad School.
In the Department of Sculptures were exhibited art works of 154 sculptors. Department of graphics presented a creation of 165 artists.
Contributed Artworks
For the Exhibition were selected art works created in 1960-1961, also some earlier works. All they were exhibited in the first time. Some of them were subsequently found in the collections of Soviet Art museums, as well as domestic and foreign galleries and collectors.
Historical painting was presented of "Victory Salute" by Eugene Maltsev, "The Red came" by Evsey Moiseenko, "Lenin with peasants" by Sergei Osipov, "Son of the Party" by Genrikh Pavlovsky, "Happy meeting with Lenin" by Galina Smirnova, "Leningraders in 1941" by Boris Ugarov, and others.
Portrait was presented of "Bread seller" by Elena Gorokhova, "A Mother" by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova, "Portrait of girl", "Portrait of Academician Mikhail Kostenko", "Portrait of Academician Baranov" by Elena Kostenko, "Girl with Peaches" by Gevork Kotiantz, "Group portrait of workers" by Valeria Larina, "Portrait of Ira Gay" by Anatoli Levitin, "Portrait of noble fancier Nina Hämäläinen", "Milkmaid" by Oleg Lomakin, "Portrait of Gorunov" by Dmitry Maevsky, "Portrait of architect Zhuk with Family", "Portrait of concertmaster Arkin", "Portrait of Kira Izotova" by Lia Ostrova, "Herdboy", "Portrait of Alexei Demitkin, brigadier of installers" by Genrikh Pavlovsky, "Girl on the porch", "Portrait of Academician Nikolai Davidenkov", "Portrait of Mashkovsky" by Varlen Pen, "Portrait of miller Borodulin", "Portrait of Neganov, chief designer of atomic icebreaker Lenin" by Semion Rotnitsky, "Ironshaper of the factory Russian Diesel", "Young Ironshaper" by Lev Russov, "Nina", "Portrait of Old Man" by Vladimir Sakson, "Notable shepherds" by Vladimir Seleznev, "Girl with fruits" by Elena Skuin, "Portrait of Piotr Protasov, Hero of Labour" by Alexander Sokolov, "Portrait of Honored teacher Nikulina", "Portrait of sculptor Kira Suvorova" by Alexander Stolbov, "Girls of Donbass", "Portrait of Girl", "Girl - mainer", "At reading" by Mikhail Trufanov, "Portrait of Zoya Kislakova", "Portrait of builder Kuchumov", "Portrait of Kuznetsova, a farmworker" by Yuri Tulin, "Khanifa", "A Boy", "Portrait of student" by Maria Zubreeva, and others.
Genre painting was presented of "Women - workers of the pig farm", "Volunteers in the collective farm" by Nikolai Baskakov, "Dream" by Yuri Belov, "Born seven-year plan" by Nikolai Brandt, "A Song" by Piotr Buchkin, "Builders of Hydro-electric station" by Zlata Bizova, "Karelian Loggers", "Soon timber rafting" by Nikolai Galakhov, "Enthusiasts", "Evening" by Oleg Eremeev, "A Morning" by Alexei Eriomin, "Country needs a metal" by Boris Korneev, "Soon exams" by Engels Kozlov, "Admiralty Shipyard" by Yaroslav Krestovsky, "In Holiday" by Boris Lavrenko, "After the work", "They need Peace" by Anatoli Levitin, "On the collective farm fair" by Oleg Lomakin, "Summer Day" by Vladimir Malevsky, "In Summer", "Spring has come", "Autumn Day", "A Porch" by Nikolai Pozdneev, "Sports festival in kolkhoz" by Stepan Privedentsev, "On the Volga River" by Alexander Pushnin, "In the Morning" by Valentina Rakhina, "On Stadium" by Maria Rudnitskaya, "Geologists in the Urals", "Conquest of the river", "Taiga retreats" by Ivan Savenko, "Emporium Kirovsky", "Narva Triumphal Gate in Leningrad", "Motor Racing in Jukki" by Gleb Savinov, "Morning gymnastics" by Vladimir Sakson, "Appassionata", "Light-Blue Twilight" by Alexander Samokhvalov, "At the alloy" by Ivan Varichev, "On the Dvina River" by Anatoli Vasiliev, "The First acquaintance" by Piotr Vasiliev, "Children's skating-rink", "Painting of porcelain" by German Yegoshin, and others.
Landscape and Cityscape were presented of "A Midday" by Leonid Baykov, "In Yacht-club", "A North" by Lev Bogomolets, "April" by Zlata Bizova, "Autumn in Crimea", "The Seaside Park" by Ivan Godlevsky, "White Night" by Abram Grushko, "Korbozero" by Alexei Eriomin, "Leningrad Circus", "Fontanka River" by Mikhail Kaneev, "Winter Palace", "Pushkin Square" by Alexander Koroviakov, "Towards Spring" by Mikhail Kozell, "A North" by Marina Kozlovskaya, "White Night in Leningrad", "The Canal in the morning", "Winter day in Leningrad" by Yaroslav Krestovsky, "Bolshaya Okhta" by Ivan Lavsky, "Breath of spring" by Dmitry Maevsky, "Native open spaces" by Lia Ostrova, "Haystacks", "In the Old Ladoga", "Wet Snow", "Square at the village Council" by Sergei Osipov, "Dnieper River", "Trypillia" by Filaret Pakun, "Soviet Far East" by Varlen Pen, "Zelenogorsk" by Genrikh Pavlovsky, "Cheget", "Night on the peak Terskol" by Boris Petrov, "Klaipėda" by Valentina Rakhina, "Northern road", "Taiga retreats" by Ivan Savenko, "The house opposite" by Gleb Savinov, "In the Tian Shan Mountains", "A Road to Jeti-Oguz", "Red House", "Blue Gate" by Vladimir Sakson, "Salts town in Leningrad", "Near the Belinsky bridge in Leningrad", "Moyka River" by Alexander Semionov, "Winter motive of the Leningrad", "St Isaak's Square in Leningrad", "Bolsheokhtinsky Bridge in Leningrad", "Universitetskaya Embankment in Leningrad", "Winter in the Old Ladoga", "Country Council in Old Ladoga", "Shipyard. Finnish Gulf" by Arseny Semionov, "Northern landscape", "Shozhma River", "At the small station" by Yuri Shablikin, "Light-Blue Window" by Boris Shamanov, "Bakhchysarai. Etude", "Small street in Bakhchysarai" by Alexander Shmidt, "Factory", "On the Neva River", "Right bank of the Neva River", "Volodarsky Bridge in Leningrad", "Yachts" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "A March" by Victor Teterin, "First Snow", "Aspen grove", "Winter crops", "Warm Autumn" by Nikolai Timkov, "The Leningrad" by Leonid Tkachenko, "Chernaya River" by Mikhail Trufanov, "Pskov", "Near Belozersk" by Boris Ugarov, "A Spring", "Ladoga", "Haystacks" by Ivan Varichev, "Boats" by Anatoli Vasiliev, "Winter close to Moscow" by Valery Vatenin, "Winter trail", "Country store in Old Ladoga" by Lazar Yazgur, "Thunderstorm has passed", "Winter Day" by Vecheslav Zagonek, "Tadjikistan. Industrial landscape" by Sergei Zakharov, "Cloudy Day", "Volkhov Distances", "Hot Day" by Elena Zhukova, and others.
Still life paintings were presented of "Apples", "Still life", "Snowdrops" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Still life with Blue table-cloth", "Bananas", "Poppies", "Still life with persimmon", "Lilies" by Maya Kopitseva, "Evening Still life" by Vladimir Sakson, "Autumn Flowers", "Wildflowers" by Boris Shamanov, "Still life with melon", "Still life with Apples" by Elena Skuin, "Silver Still life", "Autumn Still life" by Kim Slavin, "Still life" by Victor Teterin, "Still life with Watermelon", "Still life with Melon" by Sergei Zakharov, and others.
Acknowledgment
Exhibition of the Leningrad artists of 1961 was widely covered in press and in literature on Soviet fine art.
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
Soviet art
1961 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Socialist realism
References
Sources
Открытие выставки произведений ленинградских художников к XXII съезду КПСС // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 13 сентября.
Труфанов М. Девушки Донбасса // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 16 сентября.
Острова Л. Родные просторы // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 16 сентября.
Аникушин М. Р. М. Глиэр // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 16 сентября.
Ломакин О. Портрет доярки // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 18 сентября.
Герман М. Первые впечатления. Заметки о живописи и графике на осенней выставке // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 23 сентября.
Обозненко Д., Серов Я. Встреча Н. Хрущёва с американскими рабочими // Вечерний Ленинград, 1961, 28 сентября.
Мацулевич Ж. В камне, стекле и металле // Ленинградская правда, 1961, 5 октября.
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1961 года. Каталог. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1964.
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1980.
Художники народов СССР. Биобиблиографический словарь. Т.1-4. М., Искусство, 1970-1995.
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР. Т.1-2. М., Советский художник, 1979.
Хроника узловых событий художественной жизни России 1960-1980-х годов // Time for Change. The Art of 1960-1985 in the Soviet Union. Saint Petersburg, State Russian Museum, 2006.
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. Saint Petersburg, NP-Print Edition, 2007. P.393-394, 416, 442. ,
Юбилейный Справочник выпускников Санкт-Петербургского академического института живописи, скульптуры и архитектуры имени И. Е. Репина Российской Академии художеств. 1915—2005. Санкт Петербург, «Первоцвет», 2007.
External links
Art exhibitions in Russia
1961 in the Soviet Union
Soviet art
Socialist realism
1961 in art
Aiyrtau (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Saumalkol. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Braes of Rannoch (:wikt:braes, slopes, Gaelic Braigh Raithneach) is a hill with a deserted hamlet and church in Perthshire. The hamlet was formerly, briefly, called Georgetown, as the redcoat barracks of Jacobite rising of 1745 were then known, then known as Bridge of Rannoch, or Bridge of Gaur, after the bridge on the River Gaur. The original barracks have gone but a large house and shooting lodge, Rannoch Barracks, is named after them. The Braes of Rannoch Manse became a hostel for forestry workers by the 1970s. The church is today a tourist feature on the road from Kinloch Rannoch to Rannoch Station.
The hamlet has had three churches – in 1776, 1855, and 1907, with the bellcote being moved each time. The first church was associated with the Gaelic Bible translator and poet Dugald Buchanan and the third with the Rev. A. E. Robertson, president of the Scottish Mountaineering Society. The third was designed by Glasgow architect, Peter MacGregor Chalmers.
The hamlet, or hill, features in the Gaelic song Bothan Àirigh am Bràigh Raithneach ("A shieling on the Braes of Rannoch").
References
Mountains and hills of Perth and Kinross
Geography of Perth and Kinross
James E. "J. J." Johnson (born April 20, 1974) is a former American football running back of the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the Miami Dolphins in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football at East Mississippi Community College before transferring to Mississippi State. While at Mississippi State, Johnson won the Conerly Trophy in 1998. Johnson has also been a member of the Cleveland Browns.
NFL statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
References
1974 births
Living people
American football fullbacks
Cleveland Browns players
East Mississippi Lions football players
Miami Dolphins players
Mississippi State Bulldogs football players
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
Somes Sound is a fjard,
a body of water running deep into Mount Desert Island, the main site of Acadia National Park in Maine, United States. Its deepest point is approximately , and it is over deep in several places. The sound almost splits the island in two.
While often described as the "only fjord on the East Coast", it lacks the extreme vertical relief and anoxic sediments associated with Norwegian fjords, and is now called a fjard by officials — a smaller drowned glacial embayment.
Somes Sound was named for Abraham Somes, who was one of the first settlers on the island and had a home at the end of the sound in Somesville, the first village on the island.
Gallery
References
Notes
Source
Geology of Acadia National Park
Sounds of Maine
Bodies of water of Hancock County, Maine
Acadia National Park
Fjords of Maine
Fjards
Batrachorhina cruciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1940
Majlinda Kelmendi (; born 9 May 1991) is a Kosovan-Albanian former judoka and judo coach.
In 2014, Majlinda topped the IJF Women's Prestige World Ranking List. On 7 August 2016, she became the first Kosovan athlete to win a medal at the Olympic Games when she claimed gold in the women's −52 kg category at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She also represented Albania at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early life
Majlinda Kelmendi was born on 9 May 1991 into a Kosovo Albanian family in the city of Peja, then part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, present-day Kosovo. She was the cousin (aunt's daughter) of the Swedish footballer of Kosovan descent Labinot Harbuzi.
Career
In 2009, Kelmendi won the gold medal at the World Junior Championships in Paris. In 2010, she came 5th at the World Junior Championships in Morocco and finished 9th in the 52 kg category at the 2010 World Judo Championships in Tokyo, Japan. She defeated Jaana Sundberg in the first round of the 2012 Olympics but then lost to Christianne Legentil in the second round.
At the 2013 World Judo Championships, Kelmendi gave Kosovo its first ever judo world title as she beat Brazil's Erika Miranda in the −52 kg gold medal match in Rio de Janeiro. The 22-year-old – the first Kosovar judoka to win a medal at the championships since Kosovo's declaration of independence in 2008 – was not a shock winner as she came to Rio de Janeiro ranked number one in her category having won the prestigious Masters event. Kelmendi retained the world title in 2014. She only lost twice in 2013 and had beaten everyone of note in her division. She did not defend her title the following year due to injury.
In February 2016, she won the gold medal at Paris Grand Slam, making her third consecutive title after winning in 2014 and 2015. Two months later, she earned a gold medal at the 2016 European Judo Championships in Kazan, Russia. At the 2016 Summer Olympics she became the first ever Kosovan athlete to win a gold medal, or any medal at all, for Kosovo at an Olympic game. Controversy arose when reports emerged that she had declined to take an unscheduled doping control test in June in France; her trainer insists she is clean, and that she refused due to the tester having no authorisation from WADA.
Due to the resistance of International Olympic Committee and the United Nations, Kelmendi was unable to represent Kosovo at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Also, IOC turned down Kelmendi's request to compete as an independent athlete. Kelmendi chose to represent Albania, as the vast majority of Kosovars are ethnic Albanians.
In October 2014, the International Olympic Committee provisionally recognised the Olympic Committee of Kosovo and gave it full membership on 9 December 2014. Kosovo participated at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the country's first appearance at an Olympic event. Kelmendi was Kosovo's flag bearer during the Parade of Nations of the opening ceremony in Rio. Her gold medal in those games was Kosovo's first ever Olympic medal. She is also a citizen of Albania and has an Albanian passport.
In 2021, she won one of the bronze medals in her event at the 2021 Judo World Masters held in Doha, Qatar. A month later, she won one of the bronze medals in her event at the 2021 Judo Grand Slam Tel Aviv held in Tel Aviv, Israel. She competed in the women's 52 kg event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Statistics
Medals record
Source:
2009
World Cup − 52 kg, Prague
2010
World Cup − 52 kg, Sofia
European Cup − 52 kg, Sarajevo
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Tunis
World Cup − 52 kg, Tallinn
2011
World Cup − 52 kg, Sofia
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Düsseldorf
World Cup − 52 kg, Lisbon
World Cup − 52 kg, Rome
World Cup − 52 kg, Minsk
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Amsterdam
2012
European Cup − 52 kg, Prague
World Cup − 52 kg, Rome
World Cup − 52 kg, Istanbul
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
2013
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Paris
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Düsseldorf
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Samsun
European Championships − 52 kg, Budapest
IJF World Masters − 52 kg, Tyumen
World Championships − 52 kg, Rio de Janeiro
2014
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Paris
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Samsun
European Championships − 52 kg, Montpellier
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Budapest
World Championships − 52 kg, Chelyabinsk
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
2015
European Cup − 52 kg, Prague
World Cup − 52 kg, Lisbon
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Paris
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
2016
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Paris
European Championships − 52kg, Kazan
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Budapest
Olympic Games − 52 kg, Rio de Janeiro
2017
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Paris
European Championships − 52kg, Warsaw
2018
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Tashkent
2019
Grand Prix − 52 kg, Tel Aviv
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Düsseldorf
European Games − 52 kg, Minsk
World Championships − 52 kg, Tokyo
Grand Slam − 52 kg, Abu Dhabi
2021
IJF World Masters − 52 kg, Doha
Notes
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Peja
World judo champions
Judoka trainers
Kosovan female judoka
Olympic judoka of Kosovo
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in judo
Olympic gold medalists for Kosovo
European Games medalists in judo
European Games gold medalists for Kosovo
Judoka at the 2019 European Games
Judoka at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Albanian female judoka
Olympic judoka of Albania
Judoka at the 2012 Summer Olympics
The Modification and Instrumentation of a Famous Hornpipe as a Merry and Altogether Sincere Homage to Uncle Alfred, sometimes shortened to Hornpipe, is an arrangement for six players of Henry Purcell's Hornpipe, from The Fairy-Queen, by Italian composer Luciano Berio. This arrangement was composed in 1969.
Composition
Luciano Berio was already known not only as an avant-garde composer, but also as an arranger, of his own music as well as of others. This composition was specifically composed for the celebration of the eightieth birthday of Alfred Kalmus, the then-director of the London branch of Universal Edition, Berio's main publishing house. This composition ended up being the fifth in a series of compositions by eleven different composers, including Pierre Boulez, Karlheinz Stockhausen and Harrison Birtwhistle. The whole series of compositions was entitled A Garland for Dr. K. The whole set of works were premiered as a group by the Pierrot Players on 22 April 1969, at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in the Southbank Centre, London. The Hornpipe was later published by Universal Edition.
Structure
The composition takes only one minute to perform and is in one movement. It is scored for a small ensemble consisting of flute or oboe, clarinet in B-flat, drum, viola, violoncello, and harpsichord. The composition is an arrangement of a popular piece by Purcell, which was used by Purcell in at least two occasions: it was used as a hornpipe in the first music of The Fairy-Queen, Z 629, prior to the first act, in 1692, and in the incidental music for Rule a Wife and Have a Wife, Z 587, in a song entitled "There is not a swain", in 1693. Even though the melody is closer to the former, this piece is generally attributed to be an arrangement of the latter.
Recordings
In 1976, Cristóbal Halffter, a composer who wrote one of the pieces in the series, released a complete recording of the set to which this composition belongs. The whole set was released on vinyl by Universal Edition under the title A Garland For Dr. K.: Compositions for the 80th Birthday of Dr. Alfred A. Kalmus. The set was recorded in April 1976 in Madrid.
Members of the Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi recorded the piece under the baton of Riccardo Chailly for Decca Records. It was recorded in August 2004 in the Auditorium di Milano.
See also
A Garland for Dr. K.
References
External links
1969 compositions
Compositions by Luciano Berio
Arrangements of classical compositions
20th-century classical music
Chamber music compositions
The Alma Mater Society of the University of British Columbia Vancouver, otherwise referred to as the Alma Mater Society or the AMS, is the student society of UBC Vancouver and represents more than 58,000 undergraduate and graduate students at UBC's Vancouver campus and their affiliated colleges. The AMS also operates student services, businesses, resource groups and clubs. The AMS is a non-profit organization that exists to advocate for student viewpoints and ensure the needs of students are met by the University Administration and the Provincial and Federal governments. The Alma Mater Society is composed of a number of constituency organizations for undergraduate students, and works closely with the Graduate Student Society of UBC.
Governance
The highest decision-making body of the AMS is the Student Council. Meeting every two weeks during the Academic Year, and every three weeks during the summer, this body has representatives from each of the Schools and Faculties of UBC, the affiliate colleges: Regent College, Vancouver School of Theology, and St. Mark's College, Vancouver as well as the five members of the Executive, and several non-voting positions including the two representatives of the Student Senate Caucus, the two Vancouver student members of the UBC Board of Governors, the Student Services Manager, and the Ombudsperson. Voting members of Council are the Directors of the Society (as defined under the Society Act of British Columbia) and are responsible for all high-level financial and legal decisions made by the AMS - including the overseeing of internal procedures (known as the Code of Procedure), a $22 million budget, the Student Union Building (known as the AMS Nest Building), and policy statements.
The operations of the AMS are governed by a five-member Executive, as well as a professional Managing Director, and the Student Services Manager. The Executive consists of the President, the Vice-President Academic and University Affairs, the Vice-President Finance, the Vice-President Administration, and the Vice-President External Affairs. Members of the Executive are elected in a campus-wide election each March, along with five Senators-at-Large to the UBC Senate, and two student representatives to the UBC Board of Governors.
Elections
Until February 2004, candidates running for Executive positions ran as part of a slate. The 2005 AMS election was the first election which the AMS saw electoral candidates run as independents. Past slates included Students for Students (more right-leaning candidates with strong support from athletes, fraternities and residences), Action Now/Students' Voice/SPAN-Student Progressive Action Network (more left-leaning candidates with strong support from students living off-campus, the safety community and resource groups) and the Radical Beer Faction (the longest-running slate in AMS history).
The AMS elections have been characterized by low turnout. A number of initiatives have been undertaken to improve the level of engagement with the student society, and increase turnout levels. Voter Funded Media and the introduction of Condorcet method style voting for executive positions. Turnout in the 2009 election improved to 14.4%. Most recently, a 2013 Elections when the continuation of UPass was put on the referendum, AMS recorded a historic high of voter turnout was 43.9%
Student Administrative Commission
The Student Administrative Commission (SAC) oversees over 350 student clubs within the AMS. It divides the clubs into 9 categories: Academic/Management, Community Service, Cultural/Identity/Social, Leisure/Hobby/Special Interest, Media/Arts/Performance, Rec/Athletic, Political/Social Action, Science, and Spiritual.
The SAC sets out procedures for constituting clubs and manages the space use within the Student Union Building as well as the general operation of AMS Clubs. They have the power to constitute or de-constitute a club, as well as direct a club to take actions in order to ensure rules and regulations are followed accordingly.
The SAC is chaired by the Vice President Administration of the AMS. It also has several AMS Directors and member at large sitting in the committee. The Vice Chair of SAC is an appointed student employee of the AMS.
Initiatives and services
One of the major projects that the AMS has undertaken is the New SUB Project in order to increase available space for student activities by 50% compared to the old Student Union Building. The initiative was approved by referendum in April 2008 and construction is slated to begin in 2012. The building is funded by an incremental increase in student fees, which will supply $80 million for the construction of the building. The building, more commonly referred to as the AMS Nest building, has of space, costing about $108.3 million (with $25 million from the university). The building opened during the summer of 2015.
The AMS runs many services for students on the UBC campus, including The Sexual Assault Support Centre (SASC), AMS Peer Support, the AMS Advocacy Office, the AMS Food Bank, AMS Tutoring, AMS Housing, AMS Entrepreneurship Hub (eHub), AMS Health and Dental, and Safewalk, a service for escorting students on campus safely. In addition, the AMS lobbies local and provincial governments and institutions for the benefit of the student body. For example, the AMS lobbied against the $16 million funding cuts to B.C. post-secondary institutions in 2009.
On September 25, 2012, the AMS founded Get OnBoard BC, a coalition of transit stakeholders in the Metro Vancouver region to lobby for increases to public transit funding. The organization continues to exist today as a separate registered not for profit under the BC Societies Act.
Representation
By paying student fees, a student becomes a member of the AMS. Membership entitles students to vote in AMS elections and referendums, and utilize the many services that are provided by the student society and the university.
In addition to being a member of the AMS, any UBC student is a member the respective constituent society that represents all the students in a given faculty. These groups, including the Arts Undergraduate Society, Science Undergraduate Society, Commerce Undergraduate Society and Engineering Undergraduate Society (the big four), as well as the hold the elections for their respective seats on AMS Council. Unlike the undergraduate programs with direct elections, Graduate Student seats on AMS council are appointed by the council of the Graduate Student Society, which is recognized by the University as the representative body of graduate students.
The AMS was a founding member of the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations. Due to scandal, the AMS withdrew from CASA in the late 1990s, but later rejoined. In 2008, AMS Council voted to step down to Associate Membership, citing concerns over centralized control, costs and value. In October 2009, AMS Council voted to withdraw entirely from the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, however, this decision was overturned on March 31, 2010, until the AMS ultimately withdrew entirely in November 2011. The AMS is currently affiliated with the Undergraduates of Canadian Research Intensive Universities and voted to become a full member of the federal student coalition in May, 2021.
On December 1, 2013, the AMS formally founded the Alliance of British Columbia Students, a not for profit confederation of British Columbia student societies advocating for a better post-secondary landscape in BC. The organization at the time represented nine student associations. The AMS voted to leave the ABCS in 2015. Though the AMS is not affiliated with any provincial student federation, it has worked with the Simon Fraser Student Society and the BC Federation of Students to lobby the provincial government.
See also
List of British Columbia students' associations
References
External links
British Columbia students' associations
Alma Matter Society
Organizations based in Vancouver
Jean-Pierre Héritier (born 13 April 1953) is a Swiss archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Swiss male archers
Olympic archers of Switzerland
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Aleksandr Andreyevich Seraskhov (; born 5 February 1994) is a Russian football player. He plays for FC Spartak Kostroma.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Sokol Saratov on 14 March 2015 in a game against FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.
He played for FC Lokomotiv Moscow in the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League play-off round game against Apollon Limassol.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1994 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Sokol Saratov players
FC Olimp-Dolgoprudny players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
FC Tom Tomsk players
FC Spartak Kostroma players
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Little Norton
is an area of Norton Canes, Cannock Chase, Staffordshire. The area is located near Brownhills West and is also next to Chasewater Railway. The area is a residential area of Norton Canes. It is located next to the Norton Services. And the M6 Toll Motorway. Bus no.3 runs through the area between Norton Canes and Brownhills West.
References
Cannock Chase District
Walden Media, LLC or Walden Media is an American film investor, distributor, and publishing company. Its films are based on children's literature, biographies or historical events, as well as documentaries and some original screenplays.
The corporate headquarters of Walden Media are located in Los Angeles, California. The company is owned by the Christian conservative Philip Anschutz, who has said he expects their movies "to be entertaining, but also to be life affirming and to carry a moral message."
Walden Media operates Walden Pond Press, a joint venture with HarperCollins, which publishes middle grade books.
Company history
Walden Media was founded in 2000 by Micheal Flaherty and Cary Granat as a movie, television, publishing and Internet enterprise whose goal is to teach and entertain kids. Granat was president of Miramax's Dimension Films division, and Flaherty came from the world of education. The two were housemates at Tufts University before following different paths, and later reunited to form the company.
The company's notable releases include Holes in 2003, Because of Winn-Dixie in 2005, Charlotte's Web in 2006, Bridge to Terabithia, in 2007, three adaptations of The Chronicles of Narnia in 2005, 2008 and 2010, Ramona and Beezus in 2010, and both A Dog's Purpose and Wonder in 2017. All of these films are adaptations of popular children's books.
In late 2001, Anschutz Entertainment Group purchased a majority stake in the company, leaving the founders as minority shareholders.
Walden Media signed a marketing partnership with 20th Century Fox in 2006 under the Fox Walden name. Several movies flopped under the partnership, so in October 2008, Fox Walden reduced its staffing.
In March 2008, Michael Bostick, formerly of Imagine Films, was hired as creative officer. Cary Granat was released from his co-CEO title effective December 1, 2008, with Bostick replacing him. Walden Media created a joint publishing venture with HarperCollins during the same year called Walden Pond Press.
Frank Smith was named CEO in 2013 after working with the company for ten years. Prior to joining the Anschutz Film Group, Smith worked at New Line Cinema/Fine Line Features.
Education program
Walden Media is unique among film production and distribution companies in that it works with teachers, museums, and national organizations to develop supplemental educational programs and materials associated with its films and the original events and/or novels that inspire the films.
Walden Media offers in-class teaching tools like educational guides and teacher kits and sponsors seminars and forums for teachers to discuss their practice and to share ideas on using media in the classroom. Directors, writers, and stars of the productions participate in these events.
In 2006, Walden Media sponsored the "Break the World Reading Record with Charlotte's Web". At noon on Wednesday, December 13, 547,826 readers in 2,451 locations, 50 states and 28 countries read an excerpt from Charlotte's Web, breaking the world record of 155,528 students from 737 schools in the United Kingdom who read William Wordsworth's poem, "Daffodils" in 2004.
Filmography
Feature films
Television series
Etymology and logo
The company is named after Walden Pond in Concord, Massachusetts. Its logo is a rock skipping across a pond.
References
External links
Official website
FoxWalden website
Film production companies of the United States
Film distributors of the United States
American companies established in 2000
Entertainment companies based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Entertainment companies established in 2000
2000 establishments in California
Anschutz Corporation
Varanoidea is a superfamily of lizards, including the well-known family Varanidae (the monitors and goannas). Also included in the Varanoidea are the Lanthanotidae (earless monitor lizards), and the extinct Palaeovaranidae.
Throughout their long evolutionary history, varanoids have exhibited great diversity, both in habitat and form. This superfamily includes the largest-known terrestrial lizard, Megalania (5–6 meters), and the largest extant lizard, the Komodo dragon (Varanus komodoensis, 3+ meters).
Evolution
Either synonymous with, or a subgroup of, the group Platynota, the varanoids first appear in the fossil record in the latter part of Early Cretaceous, but possible varanoid ancestors have been traced back as far as Early Jurassic times. Among the earliest known varanoids are the monitor-like necrosaurids Palaeosaniwa canadensis from the Campanian (roughly 71-82 mya) of North America and Estesia mongoliensis and Telmasaurus grangeri, both from the Campanian of Mongolia. Varanoids survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event and flourished worldwide during the Cenozoic Era. Carroll argued that the affinities of ancestral snakes suggested evolution from early aquatic or burrowing varanoid lineages, although recent evidence suggests a more distant common ancestor within Toxicofera.
Carroll characterises the varanoids as "the most advanced of all lizards in achieving large size and an active, predaceous way of life". Some taxa, such as the extinct necrosaurids and the possibly varanoid Gila monsters, were armoured with osteoderms (bony deposits on the skin), and many forms have hinged jaws, allowing them to open their mouths very wide when feeding (though they cannot dislocate their jaws, contrary to popular belief).
Taxonomy
According to Estes et al., 1988, which uses morphological characteristics, Varanoidea includes Helodermatidae, Lanthanotus, and Varanus. Gauthier et al., 2012 also groups these three groups together, where Helodermatidae evolved earlier than Varanidae (which includes Lanthanotus and Varanus).
References
Anguimorpha
Vertebrate superfamilies
Cretaceous lizards
Late Cretaceous lepidosaurs
Extant Cenomanian first appearances
Mufumbwe District is a district of Zambia, located in North-Western Province. The capital lies at Mufumbwe. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 71,238 people.
References
Districts of North-Western Province, Zambia
Justinas Bonaventura Pranaitis or Pronaitis (; 27 July 1861 – 28 January 1917) was a Lithuanian Catholic priest and Professor of Hebrew at the St. Petersburg Roman Catholic Theological Academy. He is best known as the author of the antisemitic text The Talmud Unmasked, and his subsequent involvement in the Bellis trial.
Early life and career
Pranaitis was born to a peasant family in Griškabūdis, Lithuania, then part of the Russian Empire, and was schooled at the Marijampolė Gymnasium. He attended the Sejny Priest Seminary and graduated with a Master of Theology degree in 1887.
In 1892 he published an antisemitic tract called Christianus in Talmude Iudaeorum in Latin , adapted from his Master's thesis, under the imprimatur of the Archbishop Metropolitan of Mogilev, which was subsequently translated into Polish (1892), French (1892), German (1894), Russian (1911), Lithuanian (1912), Italian (1939), English (1939) and Spanish. The English translation of the book is titled The Talmud Unmasked: The Secret Rabbinical Teachings Concerning Christians (usually shortened to The Talmud Unmasked).
In 1894, Pranaitis was subject to legal proceedings on a charge of blackmail (for demanding 1000 rubles from a framing workshop in indemnification for a spoilt cheap picture which he claimed to be a picture by Murillo). For some time he was banished to Tver. From 1902, he served as a priest in Tashkent.
Beilis trial
Pranaitis rose to fame in the blood libel case of Menahem Mendel Beilis (or Beiliss) in Russia in 1912, by which time he had already been defrocked as a Catholic priest. Beilis was accused of murdering a Christian child to take his blood for alleged Jewish rituals, and for Matzah for Passover. Pranaitis was called as an expert witness to testify to the Talmudic hatred of Christians, as described in his book; one police department official is quoted as saying:
The course of the trial will depend on how the ignorant jury will perceive arguments of priest Pranaitis, who is sure about the reality of ritual murders. I think, as a priest he is able to talk with peasants and to convince them. As a scientist, who defended a thesis about this question, he will give props to the court and prosecution, though nothing can be guessed in advance yet. I became acquainted with Pranaitis and am firmly convinced that he is the person who knows the problem, about which he will talk, in depth... Everything, then, will depend on which arguments priest Pranaitis will furnish, and he has them, and they're shattering for Jewry.
His credibility rapidly evaporated, however, when the defence demonstrated his ignorance of some simple Talmudic concepts and definitions, such as hullin, to the point where "many in the audience occasionally laughed out loud when he clearly became confused and couldn't even intelligibly answer some of the questions asked by [Beilis'] lawyer". Rebekah Marks Costin's account in Robert Garber's Jews on Trial quotes the key exchange of the trial which served to destroy Pranaitis' credibility:
Q: What is the meaning of the word Hullin [animals permissible as food]?A: I don't know.Q: What is the meaning of the word Erubin [Sabbath walking limits]?A: I don't know.Q: What is the meaning of the word Yebamot [family relationships]?A: I don't know.Q: When did Baba Batra live and what was her activity?A: I don't know.
The last question "was fatal once it was tactfully explained to the jury. Baba Batra is a tractate of the Talmud, quite well known to scholars, students, and many Jewish laymen." A Tsarist secret police agent would later report on Pranaitis' testimony, saying:
Cross-examination of Pranaitis has weakened the evidential value of his expert opinion, exposing lack of knowledge of texts and insufficient knowledge of Jewish literature. Because of his amateurish knowledge and lack of resourcefulness, Pranaitis' expert opinion is of very low value.
Beilis was found not guilty.
Later life
Pranaitis was later defrocked, and died in 1917 of heart disease.
See also
Criticism of the Talmud
Leo Frank
Dreyfus affair
History of the Jews in Russia and Soviet Union
References
1861 births
1917 deaths
People from Šakiai District Municipality
People from Augustów Governorate
Roman Catholics of the Russian Empire
Hebraists
Laicized Roman Catholic priests
19th-century Lithuanian Roman Catholic priests
20th-century Lithuanian Roman Catholic priests
The Spring Stakes was an American Thoroughbred horse race run on dirt for twenty-five years between 1886 and 1910 at Sheepshead Bay Race Track in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, New York. Open to two-year-old horses, from inception through 1889 it was raced over a distance of six furlongs and then from 1890 through 1909 it was run on the futurity course at a distance of 5 ¾ furlongs. Its final running in 1910 was at a distance of five furlongs.
Historical notes
The inaugural running of the Spring Stakes took place on June 22, 1886. It was won by Tremont, a colt would who would finish the year having won all thirteen of his starts.
Scottish Chieftain, the 1896 winner, went on to win the 1897 Belmont Stakes which race would become the third leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series.
The 1900 edition of the Spring Stakes was won by Richard T. Wilson Jr.'s The Parader who would go on to win the 1901 Preakness Stakes, a race that would become the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series.
1909: Eddie Dugan beat Eddie Dugan
The Spring Stakes of 1909 was won by Uncas Chief who went wire-to-wire under one of the country's top jockeys Eddie Dugan. Running second and in close pursuit throughout was a colt owned by Sam Hildreth named Eddie Dugan to honor the jockey.
The End of a Race and of a Racetrack
Passage of the Hart–Agnew anti-betting legislation by the New York Legislature under Republican Governor Charles Evans Hughes led to a state-wide shutdown of racing in 1911 and 1912. A February 21, 1913 ruling by the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division saw horse racing return in 1913. However, it was too late for the Sheepshead Bay horse racing facility and it never reopened.
Records
Speed record:
1:09 2/5 @ 5 ¾ furlongs: Strathmeath (1890)
1:13 1/5 @ 6 furlongs: Chapultepec (1907)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 – Edward Garrison (1889, 1892, 1894)
3 – Fred Taral (1891, 1896, 1897)
Most wins by a trainer:
3 – Frank McCabe (1886, 1888, 1889)
3 – John J. Hyland (1894, 1895, 1897)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Dwyer Brothers Stable (1894, 1895, 1897)
Winners
References
Discontinued horse races in New York City
Sheepshead Bay Race Track
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1886
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1910
1886 establishments in New York (state)
1910 disestablishments in New York (state)
Oliver Cooper (born 1989), is an American actor.
Oliver Cooper may also refer to:
Oliver Cooper (politician) (born 1987), English politician
Oli Cooper (born 1999), Welsh footballer
See also
Olive Cooper (1892-1987), American screenwriter
Lina Teresia Wester (born 7 November 1992) is a Swedish ice hockey forward.
International career
Wester was selected for the Sweden women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games, scoring one goal.
As of 2014, Wester has also appeared for Sweden at three IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2011.
Wester made one appearance for the Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, in 2010, winning a bronze medal.
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1992 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Rättvik Municipality
Swedish women's ice hockey forwards
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
Des pas sur la neige is a musical composition by French composer Claude Debussy. It is the sixth piece in the composer's first book of Préludes, written between late 1909 and early 1910. The title is in French and translates to "Footprints in the Snow" The piece is 36 measures long and takes approximately three and a half to four and a half minutes to play. It is in the key of D minor. The prelude was, along with Danseuses de Delphes, one of the preludes Debussy believed should be played "entre quatre-z-yeux" (literally "between four eyes") meaning intimately, as if privately.
Background and influence
The piece is one of four Debussy preludes in both books whose title origins are unknown. David Schiff suggests that the inspiration for the title could have stemmed from a painting depicting a snowy landscape. This was an extremely popular backdrop among Impressionist artists like Claude Monet or Alfred Sisley; the latter painted Snow at Louveciennes. Furthermore, Debussy's inspiration from Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky is evident in this piece through his utilization of a "block-like dissonant chord" just before the middle part of the piece.
History
Debussy dated this prelude December 27, 1909, a day after he wrote Les collines d'Anacapri. Critical music writer Victor Lederer states how the dates Debussy wrote at the top of some of his preludes are more likely the date he completed the pieces rather than the day he started writing them, given that some of them were quite long and musically complex. The piece was first published in April 1910, along with the rest of his preludes from Book I. It premiered later that year at the Salle Érard in Paris, with Debussy himself performing the work.
Musical analysis
Placement within Preludes, Book I
Debussy was known for being extremely particular in organizing his preludes. Pianist and musical writer Paul Roberts asserts that this prelude, along with the two that immediately follow it, forms "the central arch" of Book I's structure, since the three pieces provide the most "dramatic contrast" out of all the preludes in the first book. The seventh prelude, Ce qu'a vu le vent d'ouest (What the West wind saw), brings about a violent and tumultuous feeling, while the La fille aux cheveux de lin (The Girl with the Flaxen Hair)—the eighth—evokes a feeling of warmth and gentleness. In complete contrast to these two, Des pas sur la neige exudes a sense of isolation, with Lederer describing the prelude as a "stark expression of loneliness and desolation." By placing these three preludes in this particular order, Debussy ensured that arguably the most technically challenging composition of the collection (Vent d'ouest) was sandwiched in-between the two that are the simplest to play out of the twenty-four.
Composition
The prelude is in binary form, which was one of the most common forms that Debussy composed in. The section lasts from bars 1–15, followed by the B part in measures 16–31 and finally a coda in the last five bars. Although the prelude stays in its home key and does not modulate, it goes on to explore all twelve semitones in the octave throughout the piece. It also makes use of different modes, specifically the A scale in Mixolydian and Dorian modes, as well as the whole tone scale in C. Its texture consists of three layers that remains unbroken for almost all of the prelude.
The piece begins with a three-note motif based around the tonic pedal of D, rising to E and then F, constantly shifting between dissonance and resolution. It has been suggested that the D–E and E–F pattern throughout the prelude symbolizes the footprints made in the snow by both the right and left foot in alternating fashion. The middle section sees the utilization of complex dissonant chords leading up to the climax of the piece, which evokes a sense of sorrow. The opening motif then repeats itself with increased dissonance, before arriving at a new passage where the ascending melody withdraws from the "sighing" chords. Although the melody at the end is firmly rooted in G minor, the last chord is in the tonic of D minor. Coupled with the morendo and piano pianissimo dynamic markings, this gives the impression that the prelude simply flickers off without resolving itself.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Des pas sur la neige by Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli on YouTube
1910 compositions
Preludes by Claude Debussy
Compositions in D minor
Bill or William Cline may refer to:
Milton William Cline (1825–1911), American sailor, soldier, scout and pioneer
William Cline Borden (1858–1934), American surgeon and key planner of Walter Reed Army Medical Center
William Cline (cinematographer) (1903–1976), American film and TV director of photography, a/k/a Wilfrid M. Cline
William A. Cline (1910–2012), American defense attorney in 1944 Court-Martial of Jackie Robinson
William C. Cline, American film historian during the 1960s–1990s specializing in serials (King of the Rocket Men)
William R. Cline (born 1941), American economist, Senior Fellow at Peterson Institute for International Economics
Bill Cline (born 1943), Canadian football player
See also
William G. Kline (1882—after 1942), American football, baseball and basketball coach
William Klyne (1913–1977), English organic chemist and academic, a/k/a Bill Klyne
William Klein (disambiguation)
The Jersey Triad was a triumvirate stable active in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from mid-to-late 1999. The group consisted of Diamond Dallas Page, Chris Kanyon and Bam Bam Bigelow. Their name came from the members being billed from New Jersey (although Kanyon was actually from New York).
History
Formation
Shortly after Slamboree in May 1999, Diamond Dallas Page formed an alliance with fellow New Jerseyan Bam Bam Bigelow and began feuding with Perry Saturn and Raven for the WCW World Tag Team Championship.
On the May 31, 1999 episode of Nitro, Page and Bigelow sent Raven to the hospital after a severe beating, leaving Saturn alone to defend the Tag Team Titles, which Page and Bigelow won later that night with help from Chris Kanyon replacing Raven in the match and turned heel on former ally Raven, costing the team the championships by letting Page pin him.
Page, Bigelow, and Kanyon became known as the Jersey Triad after Kanyon officially joined them on the June 7, 1999 episode of Nitro, when he turned on Saturn after Chris Benoit and Saturn defeated Page and Bigelow.
Page and Kanyon lost the Tag Titles to Saturn and Benoit on the June 10 episode of Thunder but the Triad regained the belts three days later at The Great American Bash on June 13, 1999, after Kanyon pinned Benoit.
"Freebird Rule"
Due to an affiliation with then "WCW President for Life" Ric Flair, the Triad was permitted to defend these titles in any way possible using the Freebird Rule- any two of the three wrestlers could defend the tag team titles at any time. This even saw the Triad switching members during a title defense, the rule being one member had to be on the floor at all times.
On July 11, 1999 at Bash at the Beach the Jersey Triad defeated Benoit and Saturn again to retain their Tag Team Titles.
The team held the titles until Road Wild where Kanyon and Bigelow would lose them to Harlem Heat on August 14, 1999. In the same night Chris Benoit defeated Diamond Dallas Page to retain his WCW United States Championship, despite interference from Kanyon and Bigelow
Break up and aftermath
The group broke up shortly after Fall Brawl in September 1999, after Goldberg pinned Page. Diamond Dallas Page continued feuding with Hogan again, joining Sid Vicious and Rick Steiner in a team effort to take on Hogan, Sting, and Goldberg. Soon after that feud ended Page turned into a hero again and feuded with both Kanyon and Bigelow before the year ended. Both Page and Bigelow feuded with Kanyon during his Chris "Champagne" Kanyon gimmick.
Page and Kanyon would eventually reunite as a tag team in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) during the WCW Invasion storyline, as they were both members of the Alliance in 2001. The pair held the WWF Tag Team Championship once.
Championships and accomplishments
World Championship Wrestling
WCW World Tag Team Championship (2 times)
World Wrestling Federation
WWF Tag Team Championship (1 time) – Page and Kanyon
See also
The Diamond Exchange
The Fabulous Freebirds
The Insiders (professional wrestling)
The Triple Threat
References
World Championship Wrestling teams and stables
Mimoides microdamas is a Neotropical butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is found in southern Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay.
Description
A yellowish band from the costal margin of the forewing to the anal angle of the hindwing; under surface without red basal spots on the forewing, with four spots on the hindwing. Female similar to the male.
Biology
A lowland species.
References
Lewis, H.L. (1974). Butterflies of the World Page 23, figure 22
Butterflies described in 1878
Mimoides
Papilionidae of South America
Taxa named by Hermann Burmeister
Chuzhi () is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language drama film, directed by Triprayar Sukumaran. The film stars Savitri, Salam and Sujatha. It is the only Malayalam film in which Savitri acted as a heroine. The film was released on 7 December 1973.
Plot
Varghese is a planter who lives with his wife Elizabeth and daughter Beena in the tea estates owned by him. Following his son's demise, Varghese starts drinking in his depression and entices his wife into it. Elizabeth becomes an alcoholic.
Varghese dies and Elizabeth appoints Baby, who is her faithful servant Antony's son, as the tea estates manager. Baby and Beena are classmates. Baby is corrupt by nature, but Beena, who is in love with him, is confident of changing him.
Elizabeth deteriorates further. In a drunken stupor she even gets into a physical relationship with Baby and becomes pregnant.
Beena learns of this. Out of shame and repentance, Elizabeth commits suicide. Beena rushes to shoot Baby. But even before she could do so Baby kills himself. Beena becomes a nun.
Cast
Savitri as Elizabeth
Salam as Baby
Sujatha as Beena
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
N. Govindan Kutty as Varghese
Bahadur
Nilambur Balan
Abbas as Anthony
Production
The film was shot at Newton and Syamala studios and at Kalpetta in Wayanad district. The dialogues and screenplay were written by Salam and N. P. Mohammed respectively. The film was based on a story written by S. G. Bhasker. Cinematography was handled by Moorthy and editing by Ravi. Savitri played the role of an alcoholic.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj.
Release and reception
This was one of the early films in Malayalam cinema that was issued an "A" (adults only) certificate by the CBFC. It was a flop at the box office.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1973 drama films
1973 films
Indian drama films
Milenko (Cyrillic script: Миленко) is a name of Slavic origin, primarily used as a masculine given name. Notable people named Milenko include:
People named Milenko
As a given name
Milenko Ačimovič (born 1977), Slovenian football player
Milenko Bajić (1944–2009), Bosnian-Herzegovinian and Yugoslav football player and manager
Milenko Bogićević (born 1976), Serbian basketball coach
Milenko Bojanić (1924–1987), Yugoslav politician and Prime Minister of Serbia 1964–1967
Milenko Bošnjaković (born 1968), Bosnian football manager
Milenko Đedović (born 1972), Serbian football player
Milenko Jovanov (born 1980), Serbian politician
Milenko Kersnić (born 1946), Slovenian gymnast
Milenko Kiković (born 1954), Serbian football player and manager
Milenko Kovačević (born 1963), Yugoslav football player
Milenko Lekić (born 1936), Serbian gymnast
Milenko Milošević (born 1976), Bosnian football player
Milenko Nedelkovski, host of the Milenko Nedelkovski Show in North Macedonia
Milenko Paunović (1889–1924), Serbian composer and writer
Milenko Pavlović (1959–1999), Yugoslav fighter pilot
Milenko Savović (1960–2021), Serbian basketball player
Milenko Sebić (born 1984), Serbian sports shooter
Milenko Špoljarić (born 1967), Yugoslavian football player
Milenko Stefanović (born 1930), Serbian clarinet player
Milenko Stojković (1769–1831), Serbian revolutionary during the First Serbian Uprising
Milenko Tepić (born 1987), Serbian basketball player
Milenko Trifunovic, convicted of aiding and abetting the Bosnian genocide (2008)
Milenko Topić (born 1969), Serbian basketball player and coach
Milenko Velev (fl. 1844–1859), known as Master Milenko, Bulgarian architect
Milenko Veljković (born 1995), Serbian basketball player
Milenko Radomar Vesnić (1863–1921), Serbian politician and diplomat
Milenko Vlajkov (born 1950), Serbian psychologist
Milenko Vukčević (born 1966), Yugoslav football player
Milenko Zablaćanski (1955–2008), Serbian actor, director, and play writer
Milenko Zorić (born 1989), Serbian sprint canoeist
As a surname
Jovan Grčić Milenko (1846–1875), Serbian poet and physician
Simon Milenko (born 1988), Australian cricket player
See also
The Great Milenko, the fourth studio album released by American hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse
Milenković, a patronymic name derived from Milenko
Slavic masculine given names
Serbian masculine given names
Masculine given names
Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,436. The county seat and the only municipality in the county is Leadville. The highest natural point in Colorado and the entire Rocky Mountains is the summit of Mount Elbert in Lake County at 14,440 feet (4401.2 meters) elevation.
History
Lake County was one of the original 17 counties created by the Colorado legislature on November 1, 1861. As originally defined, Lake County included a large portion of western Colorado to the south and west of its present boundaries. The county was named for Twin Lakes.
Placer gold was found at Colorado Gulch in 1863 as part of the Colorado Gold Rush.
Lake County slowly lost territory over the succeeding decades, losing land in its southeast to Saguache County in 1866 and Hinsdale County in 1874; in its southwest to La Plata County in 1874 and San Juan County in 1876, and in its west to Ouray and Gunnison counties in 1877.
With its many reductions in size, Lake County's designated county seat also changed multiple times within just a few years, residing successively in Oro City (from 1861), Lourette (from 1863), Dayton (from 1866), and Granite (from 1868).
By 1878, Lake County had been reduced to an area including only present-day Lake and Chaffee counties. On February 8, 1879, the Colorado legislature renamed Lake County as Carbonate County, although this designation name only lasted for two days, until Chaffee County was split off from Carbonate's southern section on February 10 and the remaining northern portion was redesignated Lake County with its current county seat of Leadville.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county in Colorado by area.
Adjacent counties
Eagle County – north
Summit County – northeast
Park County – east
Chaffee County – south
Pitkin County – west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 24
State Highway 82
State Highway 91
In popular culture
The 2013 horror video game Outlast is set in a fictional asylum in Lake County.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,812 people, 2,977 households, and 1,914 families living in the county. The population density was 21 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 3,913 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 77.60% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 1.25% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 17.99% from other races, and 2.62% from two or more races. 36.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,977 households, out of which 33.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.70% were married couples living together, 8.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.70% were non-families. 26.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.90% under the age of 18, 12.80% from 18 to 24, 33.10% from 25 to 44, 20.60% from 45 to 64, and 6.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females there were 115.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,691, and the median income for a family was $41,652. Males had a median income of $30,977 versus $24,415 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,524. About 9.50% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.60% of those under age 18 and 6.30% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Lake County has leaned towards the Democratic Party for most of its history, voting for that party's presidential nominee in every election since 1988.
Communities
City
Leadville
Census-designated places
Leadville North
Twin Lakes
Unincorporated community
Climax
Ghost Town
Oro City
Historic sites
Healy House Museum and Dexter Cabin
Leadville National Historic District
Recreation
State protected area
Arkansas Headwaters Recreation Area
National protected areas
San Isabel National Forest (part)
Buffalo Peaks Wilderness (part)
Collegiate Peaks Wilderness (part)
Holy Cross Wilderness (part)
Mount Massive Wilderness (part)
Leadville National Fish Hatchery (part)
Trails
American Discovery Trail
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Mineral Belt National Recreation Trail
Scenic byway
Top of the Rockies National Scenic Byway
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake County, Colorado
References
External links
Lake County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Lake County Visitor Center
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1861
Matterdale is a civil parish in the Lake District of Cumbria, England. It lies on the northern shore of Ullswater. The parish includes the settlements of Dockray, Matterdale End, Ulcat row, Watermillock and Wreay. It had a population of 526 in 2001, reducing to 483 at the 2011 Census.
Much of the parish consists of moorland and fells, including Hart Side, Gowbarrow Fell and Little Mell Fell. The "Three Dodds" (Stybarrow Dodd, Watson's Dodd and Great Dodd) lie on the western boundary of the parish. The western part of the parish is drained by Aira Beck, which falls over Aira Force to enter Ullswater. The parish is the setting for James Rebank's 2015 autobiographical book The Shepherd's Life.
Etymology
Matterdale "is probably 'the valley where bedstraw grows' from ON 'maðra' (the cognate of OE 'mæddre') and ON 'dalr'..." (ON=Old Norse; OE=Old English).
See also
Listed buildings in Matterdale
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Matterdale (nb: provisional research only - see Talk page)
Matterdale Community Association (local community online resource)
Civil parishes in Cumbria
Eden District
Jefe (; ) is the third studio album by French rapper Ninho, released on 3 December 2021 through Warner Music France and Rec. 118.
In promotion of the album, the rapper will kick off a 19-date tour through France, Switzerland and Belgium in 2022, starting in Grenoble on 15 April 2022.
Background and composition
The album is described as a "voyage" through the rapper's success story. In an interview with AFP, he explained that people never really know the former life and the hardships of a man that makes it big. He said that no one ever knows the beginning of the story, comparing it to looking at a completed house while dismissing the fundaments. For the first time, he decided not to include any guest appearances on a studio album. He explained his decision by saying that he could have achieved cross-over success in other countries by including features but eventually decided to take the risk and release a solo album. Prior to its release, it was rumoured that American rapper Cardi B would appear on the album but plans were scrapped due to her pregnancy.
Sonically, the album offers a blend of danceable pop sounds and pure rap songs. Some songs were interpreted as a nod to Raï, a form of Algerian folk music.
Commercial performance
Jefe debuted at number one in France, moving 66,865 total units in its first week, 9,676 of which were physical sales. This marks the second-biggest opening week in France in 2021, only behind Orelsan's Civilisation. Elsewhere, the record reached number 12 in Flanders and number two in Wallonia.
Track listing
All tracks produced by Fabrice Landry.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2021 albums
French-language albums
Don Carlos Gereda y de Borbón, Marqués de Almazán (24 January 1947 – 29 August 2017) was a Spanish aristocrat, engineering entrepreneur and philanthropist.
He was the youngest son of Don Nicolás Gereda y Bustamante and his wife, Doña María Luisa de Borbón y Pintó. She was the younger child of Alberto María de Borbón y d'Ast, 2nd Duke of Santa Elena and Grandee of Spain, a male-line descendant of King Charles IV of Spain through Infante Enrique, 1st Duke of Seville (who married morganatically).
He served as 49th Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus (Malta-Paris obedience) from 2008 until his death, as such succeeding the 5th Duke of Seville (Malta obedience) and the 13th Duke of Brissac (Paris obedience).
Early life and background
Carlos was born in Uruguay, where his parents moved after the Spanish Civil War to run the country estate they had inherited.
Through his maternal grandfather, the 2nd Duke of Santa Elena, he is related to the royal Borbón family, being a sixth cousin once removed of King Felipe VI of Spain.
Carlos spent his early childhood in Spain, before being sent to Ladycross Preparatory School in Sussex, England. He then attended Downside School, a Benedictine foundation in Somerset, before reading Industrial Engineering at the Complutense University of Madrid.
On 15 February 1975, he married Doña María de las Nieves Castellano y Barón, 15th Marquesa de Almazán (born 24 September 1947). Her family's hereditary title was created in 1575 by Philip II of Spain.
Career
In 1975, Carlos embarked on a career in business as a commercial development entrepreneur, which provided him opportunities to travel the world from the Far East to South America and Central Europe. He and his wife lived in Buenos Aires from 1979 to 1986, from where she still operates an oil services company.
Carlos was involved in establishing a Museum of Science and Leisure at Málaga, Spain, with the aim of its developing into one of the most important such museums in southern Europe.
Death
Carlos Gereda y de Borbón died at his residence in Madrid, Spain, on 29 August 2017, following a short illness. He was buried two days later in a private family ceremony.
Distinctions
49th Grand Master of the Malta-Paris obedience of the Order of Saint Lazarus, invested at the Chapter-General in 2008, elected after swearing the solemn oath in the presence of knights and dames of the order at Manchester Cathedral, United Kingdom.
References
External links
Guy Sainty: Burke's Orders of Knighthood and Merit (2006)
1947 births
2017 deaths
Uruguayan businesspeople
People educated at Ladycross School
People educated at Downside School
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Knights of Malta
Recipients of the Order of Queen Tamara
Recipients of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Recipients of the Order of Saint Lazarus (statuted 1910)
Grand Masters of the Order of Saint Lazarus (statuted 1910)
Yazıköy is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 151 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Den nya nordiska floran ("The new Nordic flora") is a book of Swedish flora from 2003 by Bo Mossberg and Lennart Stenberg, with illustrations by Bo Mossberg. It contains descriptions, illustrations and distribution maps of all plants in Sweden, Denmark, Norway (including Svalbard), Finland, Faroe Islands and Iceland, a total of more than 3,250 species. It is a sequel to the earlier book Den nordiska floran. It has been called indispensable as a reference book, but criticized for being too heavy to be a field flora. It was translated into Danish by Jon Feilberg, titled Den Nye Nordiske Flora. The book is fact-checked by Thomas Karlsson. It was also translated into Norwegian by Steinar Moen, with fact-checking by Svein Båtvik. The title of this version is Gyldendals store nordiske flora. Revidert og utvidet utgave.
Editions
References
External links
Checklista över Nordens kärlväxter by Thomas Karlsson
Florae (publication)
Botany in Europe
Flora of Finland
Flora of Norway
Flora of Sweden
2001 S.League was the sixth season of Singapore's professional football league. It was won by Geylang United, which was their second league title.
League table
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 4 foreign players.
Top scorers
Source:
References
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
John Heathcoat-Amory may refer to:
Sir John Heathcoat-Amory, 1st Baronet, British businessman and politician
Sir John Heathcoat-Amory, 3rd Baronet, English cricketer
Richard Ntomba Ekunde (born 4 August 1982 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese footballer who plays for FC Trollhättan as a defender.
Career
He was one of five Congolese players recruited from Kinshasa City by Djurgårdens IF in 2002. In 2003 the reigning Swedish champions loaned him out to their associate club Åtvidabergs FF. Before the 2005 season the move to Åtvidaberg was made permanent.
In December 2005 Ekunde signed a three-year deal with Gothenburg club GAIS and has, barring injuries, been a starting player for them ever since. In 2007, he was given the GAIS player of the year award and also extended his contract to the end of 2012.
On 20 March 2013 Ekunde signed a contract with the Norwegian club Viking.
In March 2014, Ekunde resigned for GAIS.
References
External links
GAIS profile
1982 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo under-20 international footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Åtvidabergs FF players
GAIS players
Viking FK players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Eliteserien players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Association football defenders
Footballers from Kinshasa
Tubolaimoididae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Chitwoodia Gerlach, 1956
Tubolaimoides Gerlach, 1963
References
Nematodes
Kilmichael () is a village and civil parish in the barony of West Muskerry, County Cork, Ireland. Kilmichael P.O. is located on an early map (1897-1913) at the Cooldorragha Cross Roads. Kilmicheal is part of the Cork North-West (Dáil constituency).
Kilmichael Ambush
The Kilmichael Ambush took place near the village during the Irish War of Independence. The actual fight took place in the townlands of Haremount (Cnocán an Ghiorria in Irish) and Shanacashel (Seanchaiseal). The Kilmichael Ambush site is marked by a monument which is approximately south of the village.
Schools
The local national school, Dromleigh National School, is one of oldest in Ireland and celebrated its 175th anniversary in 2015. The school was opened in 1840 and still operates from the original school building.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Cahervagliar, a nearby ringfort
References
Towns and villages in County Cork
Valentín Tornos López (4 January 1901 – 19 September 1976) was a Spanish film and television actor.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1901 births
1976 deaths
Spanish male film actors
Male actors from Madrid
Will Harris (1989) is a London-based poet of Chinese Indonesian and British heritage. His debut poetry book RENDANG won the Forward Prize for Best First Collection 2020, and was shortlisted for the T.S. Eliot Prize 2021. His poem SAY was shortlisted for the Forward Prize for Best Single Poem in 2018. In 2019, Harris received a Poetry Fellowship from the Arts Foundation.
RENDANG was described by the London Review of Books as "one of the most hotly-anticipated debut poetry collections of 2020", by the Guardian as "a sharp and assured debut collection that meditates on the multiplicity of identity," and by the Financial Times as "poems that brim with soul and playfulness." RENDANG was longlisted for the 2021 Dylan Thomas Prize and shortlisted for the John Pollard Foundation International Poetry Prize, 2021.
Harris' essay Mixed-Race Superman was published in the UK by Peninsula Press and by Melville House in the US. It was described by the New York Times as "a zany, exuberant and highly original meditation on what it means to come of age as a mixed-race person in a predominantly white world" and by the Times Literary Supplement as "meditat[ing] wisely on this potentially awkward yet not exactly uncommon state of in-betweenness."
Harris was mentored on The Complete Works poets of colour mentoring scheme initiated by Bernardine Evaristo to redress representational invisibility. The scheme (2007-2017), funded by Arts Council England, was directed by Dr Natalie Teitler, during which time thirty poets were mentored.
Work
—(2020), RENDANG, (Granta Books),
—(2018), Mixed-Race Superman, (Peninsula Press)
Awards
—(2020), Forward Poetry Prize for Best First Collection, RENDANG
—(2017), London Review Bookshop Pamphlet of the Year, All this is implied
References
External links
Official website
Living people
21st-century English poets
1989 births
Quer o Destino is a Portuguese telenovela broadcast and produced by TVI. It is written by and adapted from the Chilean telenovela Amanda. The telenovela premiered on March 23, 2020 and ended on October 26, 2020.
Plot
«Quer o Destino» is a very Portuguese soap opera and possibly familiar to many who know the secrets that were buried in the estates of wealthy families in ancient Portugal.
Margarida Rosa (Sara Barradas), in her teens, after being raped and watching her own father's murder, the innocent young woman ran away from the fear of being, herself, killed in the silence of Ribatejo.
Now, transformed into a woman in arms, with the name of Vitória Santareno, she decides to leave the capital and return to her origins. The goal? Take revenge on the family of your rapists.
Along the way, there is love and lack of love, there are lessons to overcome and many mirrors of the intrinsic human evil. Vitória will do many objectionable things but, despite having chosen a winding route, she proves to be able to overcome traumas, fears and enemies in the flesh.
Cast
Main
Sara Barradas as Margarida Rosa / Vitória Santareno
Pedro Sousa as Mateus Costa de Santa Cruz
Pedro Teixeira as Marcos Costa de Santa Cruz
Filipe Vargas as Lucas Costa de Santa Cruz
Isaac Alfaiate as João Costa de Santa Cruz
Secondary
Ana Sofia Martins as Carla Isabel Silva
João Vicente as Carlos Paulo Branco Reis
Maya Booth as Rita Paiva do Amaral
Mafalda Marafusta as Maria Isabel Romão
Inês Herédia as Isabela Fonseca dos Santos
Leonor Seixas as Patrícia Fontes
Marta Faial as Sandra Isabel Silva
Rodrigo Paganelli as Hugo Paulo Branco Reis
Madalena Aragão as Ana Catarina Santa Cruz
Diogo Lopes
Luís Henrique as Diogo Santa Cruz
Maria Marques as Pilar Santa Cruz
Guest stars
Ana Bustorff as Elvira de Jesus Fonseca dos Santos
Luís Esparteiro as Alfredo Paulo Reis
Marina Mota as Joana Branco Reis
Maria José Paschoal as Catarina Costa de Santa Cruz
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Portuguese telenovelas
Televisão Independente telenovelas
2020 Portuguese television series debuts
2020 Portuguese television series endings
2020 telenovelas
Portuguese-language telenovelas
2020s Portuguese television series
John Wilson Stewart (1889 – April 23, 1943) was an American football, basketball, and track coach, college athletics administrator, and educator. He served as the head football coach at the University of South Dakota from 1918 to 1919, and the University of Montana from 1922 to 1923, compiling a career college football coaching record of 10–16. Stewart was the head basketball coach at South Dakota from 1918 to 1922 and Montana from 1922 and 1932, tallying a career college basketball coaching mark of 104–125. He was also the head track coach at Montana from 1923 to 1925 and the school's athletic director from 1924 to 1932.
Early years
Stewart was a 1911 graduate of Geneva College in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He served as a physical education director at several high schools in South Dakota and Iowa spanning 1911 to 1918.
South Dakota
Stewart served as the head football coach (1918–1919) and head men's basketball coach (1918–1922) at the University of South Dakota.
Montana
Stewart served as the head football coach (1922–1923), head men's basketball coach (1922–1932), head track coach (1923–1925), and athletic director at the University of Montana.
Death
Stewart died on April 23, 1943, of a heart attack, in Missoula, Montana.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1889 births
1943 deaths
Basketball coaches from Ohio
Montana Grizzlies and Lady Griz athletic directors
Montana Grizzlies football coaches
Montana Grizzlies basketball coaches
Montana Grizzlies and Lady Griz track and field coaches
South Dakota Coyotes football coaches
South Dakota Coyotes men's basketball coaches
Geneva College alumni
People from New Concord, Ohio
The South Africa cricket team toured Australia in October and November 2018 to play three One Day Internationals (ODIs) and one Twenty20 International (T20I) match. Ahead of the ODI series, a 50-over practice match took place at the Manuka Oval in Canberra. Ahead of the T20I match, a 20-over practice match took place in Brisbane. In April 2018, it was confirmed that the Carrara Stadium would host its first ever international cricket match.
Prior to the tour, Aaron Finch replaced Tim Paine as captain, and both Josh Hazlewood and Alex Carey were appointed joint vice-captains of the Australia ODI cricket team. The final ODI of the series was the 600th to be played by the South African team. South Africa won the ODI series 2–1. The one-off T20I match was reduced to ten overs per side due to rain, with South Africa winning the fixture by 21 runs.
Squads
Ahead of the tour, JP Duminy and Hashim Amla were both ruled out of South Africa's squads due to injury. Ahead of the second ODI, Ben McDermott was added to Australia's ODI squad as cover for Shaun Marsh.
Tour matches
50 over match: Prime Minister's XI vs South Africa
20 over match: Cricket Australia XI vs South Africa
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
T20I match
Only T20I
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in Australian cricket
2018 in South African cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
South African cricket tours of Australia
2018–19 Australian cricket season
Stuart Horton (born 10 September 1963), also known by the nickname of "Corgi", is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s, and coached in the 1990s. He played at club level for Castleford (Heritage No. 619) and York, as a , and coached at club level for York.
Playing career
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Stuart Horton played as an interchange/substitute (replacing Kevin Beardmore) in Castleford's 15–14 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1986 Challenge Cup Final during the 1985–86 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 3 May 1986, in front of a crowd of 82,134.
County Cup Final appearances
Stuart Horton played as a in Castleford's 2–13 defeat by Hull F.C. in the 1983 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1983–84 season at Elland Road, Leeds on Saturday 15 October 1983.
References
External links
Picture - Stewart Horton - Great Britain Rugby League
Oldham prays for a long run
Picture - Trading Card - Stuart Horton
Back to the city
Tenth anniversary year of York City Knights 2002-2012
Hall to aim for in club's new bow to an eternal Fame
Memories fired up by Hall of Fame debate
1963 births
Living people
Castleford Tigers players
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Place of birth unknown
Rugby league hookers
York Wasps coaches
York Wasps players
Prey is a software and online platform for mobile device tracking, management, and protection available for laptops, tablets, and mobiles. The software and service is developed by the Chilean company Prey Inc., successor of the funding company Fork Ltd.
Prey was originally created by the developer Tomás Pollak who together with Carlos Yaconi, the current CEO of the company, founded Fork Ltd. and released the first version of Prey for Linux.
Functioning
Prey started as an anti-theft software for recovering lost mobile devices which evolved into remote management with device and data protection. The service works through a client, or application, installed on the devices that are to be protected.
Company
Prey Inc. is a private software development company. Currently, it operates offices in San Francisco and in Santiago de Chile.
Features
The main feature in the platform is location tracking for any of the supported devices, with active monitoring of device movement. The service also has automatic reactions to location triggers, such as unwanted movements, that trigger security actions instantly when the event is detected.
Provides a set of features that give the user remote security capabilities in case of theft or loss.
Remotely recover or wipe information from a lost or stolen devices.
Tools that streamline management processes and maintain a device inventory for global monitoring.
Evidence generation tool for device recovery.
Source code
The source code in Prey's agents, or applications, is open source code under the GNU General Public License (GPLv3). The online platform's code and infrastructure are private and property of Prey Inc.
Versions
The first version of the agent was released originally for Linux and Mac OS X in March 2009 and for Microsoft Windows in April 2009. Currently, Prey is available for laptops, tablets and mobiles in the macOS, Windows, Linux, Android, and iOS operating systems.
References
External links
Interview with Tomás Pollak
Cross-platform free software
Laptops
Free security software
Free and open-source Android software
Location-based software
Theft
Security software
Syeda Anwara Taimur (24 November 1936 – 28 September 2020) was an Indian politician, who was the chief minister of the Indian state of Assam from 6 December 1980 to 30 June 1981. She died in Australia on 28 September 2020. She was a leader of the Indian National Congress party in Assam and a member of the India Congress Committee (AICC).
Personal life
She graduated from Aligarh Muslim University with economics honors.
Anwara was lecturer in Economics in Debicharan Barua Girls College, Jorhat in 1956.
Political career
In the history of Assam, she was the only female and Muslim Chief Minister of the state. She was Chief Minister of Assam from 6 December 1980 to 30 June 1981. In Indian history also, Syeda Anwara Taimur was the first Muslim woman Chief Minister of any state. Her term as chief minister ended when the state was put under President's rule for six months.
From 1983 to 1985 she was the PWD minister of the same state.
She was an elected member of the Assam Assembly (MLA) in 1972, 1978, 1983, and 1991. In 1988 she was nominated to the Indian Parliament (Rajya Sabha). In 1991 she was appointed to the post of Minister for Agriculture in Assam.
Anwara joined All India United Democratic Front in 2011. Anwara is among the notable names not included in the final draft of 2018 National Register of Citizens (NRC), for which, she later clarified that her family members may not have applied to get her name included in the list.
Death
Taimur died on 28 September 2020 due to cardiac arrest in Australia, where she stayed with her son for her last four years.
Positions held
Notes
Encyclopaedia of Scheduled Tribes in India: In Five Volumes by P. K. Mohanty Page 124.
References
External links
Profile on Rajya Sabha website
|-
|-
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
1936 births
2020 deaths
Assam MLAs 1972–1978
Assam MLAs 1978–1983
Assam MLAs 1983–1985
Assam MLAs 1991–1996
Chief Ministers of Assam
Women members of the Assam Legislative Assembly
People from Jorhat district
Indian National Congress politicians from Assam
Nominated members of the Rajya Sabha
Rajya Sabha members from Assam
Women chief ministers of Indian states
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
All India United Democratic Front politicians
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Indian Muslims
Women members of the Rajya Sabha
Yarlung can refer to:
Yarlung Kingdom, see also: Tibetan empire
Yarlung Dynasty, see also: List of emperors of Tibet
Yarlung Valley, formed by the Yarlung River and refers especially to the district where it joins with the Chongye River, and broadens out into a large plain about 2 km wide, before they flow north into the Yarlung Tsangpo River or Brahmaputra
Yarlung River, also called Yarlung Tsangpo River, a river in Tibet and upper course of the Brahmaputra
Hexanoyl chloride is a six-carbon acyl chloride with a straight-chain structure that is used as a reagent in organic synthesis.
References
Acyl chlorides
Calvin D'Wayne Jones (born November 27, 1970) is a former American football running back. He played for the Los Angeles/Oakland Raiders and the Green Bay Packers. In his only season with the Packers, he won Super Bowl XXXI against the New England Patriots. He collegiately played for Nebraska Cornhuskers in the NCAA.
In the NFL, Calvin Jones played with the Raiders for two years. He ran for 112 yards on 27 carries in 2 seasons. He spent his final season with Green Bay.
Jones rushed for 3,166 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns from 1990–1993 for the University of Nebraska. He played I-back under the direction of head coach Dr. Tom Osborne. Jones' single season high was 1,210 rushing yards in 1992.
His best single game performance came as a redshirt freshman on November 9, 1991 against Kansas when Jones ran the ball 27 times for 294 yards and scored on a 69-yard touchdown run. He had six touchdowns that day.
In 1991, Jones led the nation with an incredible 8.3 yards per carry.
Jones played with the Omaha Beef in 2000.
Statistics
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Omaha, Nebraska
American football running backs
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Oakland Raiders players
Green Bay Packers players
Omaha Beef players
Omaha Central High School alumni
Houanaine District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
References
Districts of Tlemcen Province
This is a partial list of notable shopping malls/shopping centres in Indonesia.
Jakarta Raya
Central Java
Semarang
Java Mall
Yogyakarta
Ambarrukmo Plaza
East Java
Surabaya
Ciputra World
Pakuwon Mall
Tunjungan Plaza
Marvell City
Grand City Mall Surabaya
BG Junction Surabaya
Pakuwon City Mall
Galaxy Mall
Royal Plaza
WTC Surabaya
North Sumatera
Medan
Centre Point
Plaza Medan Fair
Sun Plaza
Podomoro City Deli Medan
Thamrin Plaza
Medan Mall
Ring Road City Walks Mall
Suzuya Marelan Plaza
Irian Marelan
Plaza Millenium
Manhattan Times Square
Lippo Plaza Medan
West Kalimantan
Singkawang
Singkawang Grand Mall (SGM)
North Kalimantan
Tarakan
Grand Tarakan Mall
Notes
Shopping malls
Indonesia
Ensemble Made in Canada is a Canadian classical piano quartet, whose 2020 album Mosaïque won the Juno Award for Classical Album of the Year – Solo or Chamber Ensemble at the Juno Awards of 2021.
The quartet was originally formed as an all-female ensemble in the 2000s, consisting of Angela Park on piano, Judy Kang on violin, Sharon Wei on viola and Rachel Mercer on cello. The troupe won a Galaxie Rising Star Award in 2006. Kang left the ensemble in 2010 and was replaced by Elissa Lee. In the late 2010s Trey Lee Chui-yee sometimes filled in for Mercer, and was named a permanent member in 2020.
Mosaïque
Mosaïque, a project inspired by Oscar Peterson's classic jazz album Canadiana Suite, saw the ensemble commission 14 short musical compositions, one representing each of Canada's 13 provinces or territories and one representing the indigenous peoples of Canada, which were performed by the quartet on a cross-Canada tour, before being released as an album in 2020.
The participating composers were David Braid, Barbara Croall, Julie Doiron, Andrew Downing, Vivian Fung, Nicolas Gilbert, Kevin Lau, Nicole Lizée, Richard Mascall, Samy Moussa, William Rowson, Darren Sigesmund, Sarah Slean and Ana Sokolović.
References
External links
Canadian classical music groups
Juno Award for Classical Album of the Year – Solo or Chamber Ensemble winners
Ŭnp'a station is a railway station in Ŭnp'a-ŭp, Ŭnp'a County, South Hwanghae Province, North Korea, on the Hwanghae Ch'ŏngnyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway. It is also the eastern terminus of the Ŭnnyul Line.
History
Ŭnp'a station was opened by the Chosen Government Railway on 1 October 1944, along with the rest of the standard-gauge Hwanghae Main Line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Islamic Foundation is a mosque located in Villa Park, Illinois. It was built in 1974 and was one of the largest mosques in the United States upon its completion. The mosque is connected to Islamic Foundation School, with which it is affiliated.
History
The organization that runs the mosque was founded in 1974, when it was registered with the State of Illinois as a non-profit organization. Through the organization, Islamic Foundation School would be established in 1988. By 1995, the local community had raised enough money to begin the construction of a new full mosque as part of the school. The mosque was completed in 1998 at a cost of $3.6 million.
See also
List of Mosques in Illinois
Islam in the United States
Islamic Architecture
List of mosques in the Americas
Lists of mosques
List of mosques in the United States
References
External links
Mosques completed in 1998
Mosques in Illinois
1998 establishments in Illinois
Dave Stewart is a retired American soccer forward who spent his career with the El Paso Patriots in the USISL. He played for El Paso from 1993 to at least 1999. On August 27, 1995, Stewart and his teammates fell to the Richmond Kickers in the final of the 1995 U.S. Open Cup. On February 2, 1997, the MetroStars selected Heald in the third round (twenty-fifth overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft. When the MetroStars released him in April, he returned to the Patriots.
References
Living people
American soccer players
El Paso Patriots players
USISL players
USISL Pro League players
USISL Select League players
USISL A-League players
New York Red Bulls draft picks
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association football forwards
Year of birth missing (living people)
Senecio hydrophiloides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names tall groundsel and sweet marsh ragwort. It is native to western North America from British Columbia and Alberta to northern California to Utah, where it grows in wet meadows and similar habitat. It is a biennial or perennial herb producing a single erect stem or a cluster of a few stems which may exceed one meter in maximum height. The plants are green to red in color and usually without hairs, but new growth can be woolly. The leaves are lance-shaped to oval with toothed edges, the blades up to 25 centimeters long and borne on long winged petioles. The leaves are firm and sometimes a bit fleshy. The inflorescence is a loose or dense cluster of up to 30 or more flower heads lined with black-tipped phyllaries. They contain many yellowish disc florets at the center and often have some yellow ray florets, though these are sometimes absent. Senecio Hydrophiloides can cause Dermatitis.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
hydrophiloides
Flora of North America
Cape Kerr () is a high snow-covered cape at the north side of Barne Inlet, the terminus of Byrd Glacier at the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–1904) and named for Admiral of the Fleet, Lord Walter Kerr, one of the Sea Lords who lent his assistance to the expedition.
References
Headlands of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
Leonard Wood (born September 22, 1934) is a former NASCAR crew chief, engine builder and co-founder of Wood Brothers Racing. Considered the innovator of the modern pit stop, Wood's team is recognized as the first to record a 25-second four-tire pit stop in NASCAR history. During his tenure as crew chief, the Wood team won 96 races with 117 poles clinched.
Early life
Wood was born on September 22, 1934, on a family farm near Stuart, Virginia as one of six children (five sons and one daughter), and began building vehicles when he built a wagon with logs for wheels, which is intended to roll downhill. When he was 13, Wood placed a washing machine engine on a go-kart frame and used various pulleys and chains from salvaged vehicles at his father's shop to propel the vehicle, which was able to reach a top speed of . The go-kart is currently on display in Stuart's Wood Brothers Museum. In high school, Wood learned to build an engine from watching his father, Walter, disassemble the engine from the team's car and successfully rebuild it.
NASCAR
In 1950, Wood and two of his brothers, Glen and Delano, purchased a 1940 Ford, which was later modified and used in NASCAR, and the team made its first start in a Lincoln at Martinsville Speedway on May 17, 1953. Wood was the team's engine builder, and the team's pit crew, originally composed of family and friends, became the first team in NASCAR history to record a 25-second four-tire pit stop. Wood stated that in 1960 at Charlotte Motor Speedway, he noticed that Fireball Roberts', had the lead at the time, pit crew took 45 seconds to change two tires and fuel; Roberts' team was using a four-prong lug wrench, so Wood's team decided to use power wrenches, which cut down the time to 25 seconds. Wood later modernized the floor jack; originally, jacks weighed between 70 and 80 pounds, and required at least ten pumps for tire clearance. Wood disassembled the jacks and installed larger pistons, leading to only two to three pumps to clear. In 1965, Wood's team was hired by Jim Clark to pit for him in the 1965 Indianapolis 500, which went on to win. The team used a modified fuel can to make the gas flow faster.
In 2006, Wood was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame. On May 23, 2012, Wood was named as one of the members of the 2013 NASCAR Hall of Fame inductees, and was inducted on February 8, 2013. Wood earned 57 percent of the votes, tied with Herb Thomas. At the 2012 Brickyard 400, Wood Brothers Racing honored Wood with a special paint scheme with candy apple red instead of metal-flake red, which the team switched to in 1971, and Wood's headshot on the hood.
Awards
He was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2000, along with his brother Glen.
References
External links
NASCAR bio
Living people
1934 births
Sportspeople from Virginia
NASCAR crew chiefs
People from Stuart, Virginia
NASCAR Hall of Fame inductees
Semerciler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 75 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Tarvaiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Tarvaia Allgén, 1934
References
Nematodes
The men's road race at the 1991 UCI Road World Championships was the 58th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 25 August 1991 in Stuttgart, Germany. The race was won by Gianni Bugno of Italy.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
Travis Demetrius Leslie (born March 29, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for Legia Warszawa of the Polish Basketball League. He is a 6'4", 205 lb shooting guard out of the University of Georgia.
High school
Leslie attended Columbia High School, in Decatur, Georgia, where he played basketball.
College career
Leslie played NCAA Division I college basketball at the University of Georgia, where he played with the Georgia Bulldogs, from 2008 to 2011.
Professional career
Los Angeles Clippers (2011–2012)
Leslie was drafted by the Los Angeles Clippers in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft with the 47th pick. In March 2012, Leslie was assigned twice to the Bakersfield Jam, the Clippers' D-League affiliate. Leslie was waived by the Clippers on October 30, 2012.
Santa Cruz Warriors (2012–2013)
On November 2, 2012, Leslie was selected by the Santa Cruz Warriors in the NBA D-League Draft.
On February 14, 2013, Leslie was named to the Prospects All-Star roster for the 2013 NBA D-League All-Star Game as a replacement for Andrew Goudelock. He was subsequently named the MVP of the D-League All-Star Game with 19 points, 7 rebounds and 1 assist as the Prospects went on to defeat the Futures 139–125.
On March 10, 2013, Leslie was signed to a 10-day contract by the Utah Jazz. He did not appear in a game for the Jazz during that time, and was not signed to a second 10-day contract. He returned to the Santa Cruz Warriors following his stint.
ASVEL Basket (2013–2014)
In August 2013, Leslie joined JSF Nanterre of France. He left them before the start of the new season, and then signed with ASVEL Basket. ASVEL waived him on January 13, 2014.
BC Šiauliai (2014)
In January 2014, Leslie signed with BC Šiauliai.
Lietuvos rytas (2014–2015)
On July 23, 2014, Leslie signed a one-year deal with an option to another with Lietuvos rytas of Lithuania.
Medi Bayreuth (2015–2016)
After his contract with Lietuvos rytas expired, Leslie signed on August 14, 2015, with Medi Bayreuth of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Fort Wayne Mad Ants (2016–2017)
On October 30, 2016, Leslie was selected by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants with the fourth overall pick in the 2016 NBA Development League Draft.
Sydney Kings (2017)
On August 10, 2017, Leslie signed with the Sydney Kings for the 2017–18 NBL season. On November 9, 2017, he was released by the Kings.
Levallois Metropolitans (2017–2018)
On November 12, 2017, Leslie signed with French club Levallois Metropolitans for the rest of the season. He averaged 12.3 points per game with the team.
Boulazac Basket Dordogne (2018–2019)
Leslie signed with Boulazac Basket Dordogne on October 8, 2018.
Élan Béarnais Pau-Lacq-Orthez
On June 20, 2019, Leslie signed with Élan Béarnais Pau-Lacq-Orthez of the LNB Pro A.
Champagne Châlons-Reims Basket (2020–2021)
On July 15, 2020, Leslie signed with Champagne Châlons-Reims in the Pro A.
Leones de Ponce (2021)
On September 9, 2021, Leslie signed with Leones de Ponce in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional. He averaged 13.3 points, 6.6 rebounds, 3.4 assists, and 1.2 steals per game.
Real Betis Baloncesto (2021–2022)
On December 20, 2021, Leslie signed with Real Betis Baloncesto of the Liga ACB.
Legia Warszawa (2022–present)
On July 30, 2022, he has signed with Legia Warszawa of the Polish Basketball League.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | L. A. Clippers
| 10 || 0 || 4.5 || .357 || .000 || .444 || .9 || .5 || .2 || .2 || 1.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 10 || 0 || 4.5 || .357 || .000 || .444 || .9 || .5 || .2 || .2 || 1.4
References
External links
Travis Leslie at nba.com
Travis Leslie at georgiadogs.com
"Sydney Kings sign high-flying former LA Clippers guard Travis Leslie for 2017-18 NBL campaign" at heraldsun.com.au
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American men's basketball players
ASVEL Basket players
Bakersfield Jam players
Basketball players from Atlanta
BC Rytas players
BC Šiauliai players
Élan Béarnais players
Fort Wayne Mad Ants players
Georgia Bulldogs basketball players
Legia Warsaw (basketball) players
Los Angeles Clippers draft picks
Los Angeles Clippers players
Medi Bayreuth players
Metropolitans 92 players
Santa Cruz Warriors players
Shooting guards
Sydney Kings players
Ballatha Pahayan is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by T. S. Muthaiah. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Manavalan Joseph. The film had musical score by K. V. Job.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Subair
Jayabharathi as Salma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Hajiyaar
Manavalan Joseph as Porinchu
Sankaradi as Kaaranavar
Changanasseri Chinnamma
Abhayam
Baby Indira as Sulekha
Bahadoor as Aliyaar
C. R. Lakshmi
K. P. Ummer as Rajan
Masood
Master Sridhar
Meena as Mymoon
Paravoor Bharathan as Adraan
S. P. Pillai as Pillai
Sakunthala
T. K. Balachandran as Chandran
Usharani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. V. Job and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The Collegium of Black Women Philosophers (CBWP) is an organization which was created to increase the visibility of black women in the field of philosophy and to allow greater networking and mentoring opportunities for these women. The organization is currently based at Penn State University.
History
The first meeting of CBWP took place in 2007. The organization was founded by Kathryn Belle. Belle felt that it was important to address the issue of the small number of black women in the field of philosophy. Belle reached out black women by email and was able to contact all thirty-one African American women professors, many of which were able to attend the first conference. The first conference was held at Vanderbilt University in 2008 and included Joyce Mitchell Cook, the first African American woman to earn a PhD in philosophy.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Official site
CBWP Proposal
2007 establishments in the United States
Philosophy organizations
Women's organizations based in the United States
African-American organizations
Pennsylvania State University
African-American women
African-American philosophers
American women philosophers
Collection is the greatest hits album by Swedish recording artist Agnes, and was released on 27 December 2013 in Sweden. It includes most of her singles to date, omitting Stranded, Kick Back Relax, All I Want for Christmas Is You, Sometimes I Forget and Life (Diamonds in the Dark).
Så mycket bättre covers
The album will include songs which Agnes performed on the Swedish television show Så mycket bättre, that aired during the autumn and winter of 2013 on TV4. The first single released from the album, and also the first cover from the show was "En Sån Karl".
Day 1: Lill Lindfors' day - "En sån karl"
Day 2: Bo Sundström's day - "Allt ljus på mig"
Day 3: Ken Ring's day - "Nu måste vi dra"
Day 4: Titiyo's day - "Flowers"
Day 5: Ulf Dageby's day - "Hanna från Arlöv"
Day 7: Ebbot Lundberg's day - "Instant Repeater"
Track listing
Charts
Så mycket bättre singles
Release History
References
External links
Official Website
Official U.S. Website
Official German Website
2013 albums
Agnes (singer) albums
Vestskotet Bluff () is a bluff just south of Armalsryggen, at the west end of Neumayer Cliffs in Queen Maud Land. It was photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). It was mapped by Norwegian cartographer from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Vestskotet, meaning "the west bulkhead."
Cliffs of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Adrián Alonso García Sobarzo (born May 25, 1978) is a former professional from Chile.
Born in Concepción, Chile, García achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 103 in September 2004. His best achievement in singles was reaching the quarterfinals of the 2004 Sopot Open, where he lost to Félix Mantilla in straight sets.
García also achieved three silver medals in the Pan American Games during his career: one at Santo Domingo 2003 and two at Rio de Janeiro 2007.
Performance timeline
Singles
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 23 (11–12)
Doubles: 27 (13–14)
Team competitions (3 runner-ups)
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Chilean male tennis players
Sportspeople from Concepción, Chile
Sportspeople from Santiago
Tennis players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Tennis players at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Chile
Pan American Games medalists in tennis
Tennis players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
John Lamon is a 1975 graduate of Wroxeter High School where he was an outstanding lacrosse player. While at Wroxeter Lamon was a 3 time all Anne Arundel County selection, 2 time All-American selection, and 2 time all metro selection. He then continued his lacrosse career at the University of Maryland from 1976-1979. While at the University of Maryland, Lamon's team appeared in the Final Four each season he was on the team. He also earned All-American honors in the 1978 and 1979 seasons, All Atlantic Coast Conference honors in 1979, and was selected as Captain of the South team in the honorable North South game in 1979. As of 2010, Lamon still remains in the top 20 all time Assists and Points for the University of Maryland.
Club career
After his playing days at the University of Maryland, John Lamon went on to play 8 seasons of Club lacrosse where he won 3 National Championships, was an 8 time first team All Club player, 2 time National player of the year, and 4 time Hero's Outstanding Attackman. He was later inducted into the Maryland Lacrosse Club Hall of Fame.
Professional career
Lamon played professional indoor lacrosse for the Washington Wave from 1985-1988. He was a captain of the Wave each year he was there and the MVP of the 1988 season. He was also chosen to be a member of the 1986 US World team what went on to win the world championship.
Coaching career
Lamon's coaching career started in 1980 when he was hired as an Assistant Coach at North Carolina State University. He moved back to Maryland a year later where he became the Assistant Coach at The Severn School in Severna Park, Maryland for two more seasons. Lamon then spent the next 23 years coaching youth lacrosse in Anne Arundel County, where he led teams to both county and state championships. He was named one of the “re-founding” members of Elks Lacrosse in 1984. Lamon was the Offensive Coordinator of Major League Lacrosse's Chesapeake Bayhawks from 2009 to 2014 leading them to championships in 2010, 2012, and 2013. Lamon is currently coaching with the Annapolis Hawks Lacrosse Club.
Awards
Inducted to the Maryland Lacrosse Club Hall of Fame
Inducted into the Anne Arundel County Athletic Hall of Fame
Inducted into the US Lacrosse Chesapeake Chapter Hall of Fame
Recipient of the Willis Bilderback Volunteer Lacrosse Award 2005
Recipient of the Willie Gateau Youth Lacrosse Services Award 2008
Personal life
Lamon resides in Annapolis, Maryland where he and his wife Cheryl raised their three children.
References
John A. Lamon Profile - Forbes.com
Coaches | Chesapeake Bayhawks Lacrosse
John Lamon athletic career, photos, articles, and videos | Fanbase
Living people
American lacrosse players
People from Severna Park, Maryland
Sportspeople from Annapolis, Maryland
Year of birth missing (living people)
Arabs in Japan consist of Arab migrants that come to Japan, as well as their descendants. In December 2016, there were 6,037 Arabs living in Japan.
The majority of Arabs in Japan are from Egypt, followed by Saudi Arabia, Syria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
History
Early history
There are isolated records of contact between Arab countries and Japan before the opening of the country in 1853. Some elements of Islamic philosophy were also distilled as far as back as the Heian period. Early European accounts of Muslims and their contacts with Japan were maintained by Portuguese sailors who mention a passenger aboard their ship, an Arab who had preached Islam to the people of Japan. He had sailed to the islands in Malacca in 1555.
Notable people
Carlos Ghosn, businessman (Lebanese parents)
Mei Shigenobu, journalist (Palestinian/Lebanese father)
Ken Noguchi, mountaineer (Egyptian mother)
Erika Sawajiri, actress (French mother, raised in Japan)
Osama el-Samni, soccer player (Egyptian father)
Fairouz Ai, voice actress (Egyptian father, raised in Egypt and Japan)
Hoshitango Imachi, professional wrestler (Argentinian parents, lives in Japan)
References
Arab diaspora in Asia
Ethnic groups in Japan
Maggie Ferguson (born in Sydney) is an Australian violinist and bandoneonista who studied orchestral tango at Orquesta Escuela de Tango Emilio Balcarce in Buenos Aires from 2003. In 2009, with the Sydney Youth Orchestras Association (SYO), she created Tango Oz, Australia's first national tango orchestra which she directs from the bandoneon. TangoOz were the focus of Sydney's first Tango Escuela held by the SYO in collaboration with the Conservatorium High School in July 2009 under the guest direction of Ignacio Varchausky and Santiago Polimeni. A second collaboration with Canberra Youth Music occurred in 2010 for Resonate Festival, including William Barton, Ignacio Varchausky and Santiago Polimeni. This showcased the traditional Argentine tango instrument, bandoneon performed with improvised didgeridoo.
Discography
Tango Project Loco Bohemia 2012, recorded in Buenos Aires.
Living people
Bandoneonists
Australian violinists
Tango musicians
Musicians from Sydney
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century violinists
DFSM may refer to:
Defence Force Service Medal
Deterministic finite state machine
Dry-film photoimageable solder mask, a type of solder mask on printed circuit boards
Irish Defence Forces School of Music
is a Japanese retired football player.
Career
After being a key-player for Kagoshima United FC, Nagahata retired in December 2019.
Club statistics
Updated to 5 April 2020.
References
External links
Profile at Kagoshima United FC
1989 births
Living people
Association football people from Kagoshima Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Japan Football League players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
Kagoshima United FC players
Association football midfielders
Horse of a Different Color is the debut studio album by American country music duo Big & Rich, released on May 4, 2004, by Warner Bros. Nashville. The album contains the hit singles "Wild West Show", "Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy)", "Holy Water", and "Big Time". Respectively, these reached No. 21, No. 11, No. 15, and No. 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. The album was certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of three million copies.
Content
Horse of a Different Color features several guest musicians, primarily members of the MuzikMafia, the collaborative singer-songwriter group that Big & Rich founded. Country rap artist Cowboy Troy is featured on the lead-off track "Rollin' (The Ballad of Big & Rich)", and makes an uncredited guest appearance at the end of "Kick My Ass". Gretchen Wilson provides background vocals on "Saved", and Jon Nicholson on "Love Train". The only guest musician who is not a MuzikMafia member is Martina McBride, who provides backing vocals on the final track, "Live This Life". Big Kenny and John Rich, who comprise the duo, co-wrote all the tracks on the album, and co-produced it with Paul Worley.
Four singles were released from this album. Lead-off single "Wild West Show" peaked at No. 21 on the Billboard country charts in early 2004. Following it was "Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy)", which peaked at No. 11 and was certified platinum by the RIAA as a single. The third single release, the No. 15 "Holy Water", was inspired by Big Kenny's and John Rich's sisters, both victims of domestic abuse. "Big Time" was the final single, reaching No. 20 in mid-2005.
Track listing
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
Big & Rich
Big Kenny - vocals
John Rich - vocals, acoustic guitar
Additional musicians
Brian Barnett - drums (4-9, 11), tambourine (6, 7)
Steve Brewster - drums (12), shaker (12)
Dennis Burnside - keyboards (2, 9, 11)
Cowboy Troy - "multilingual 'hick-hop' rap" (1), vocals (4)
Owen Hale - drums (10)
Mike Johnson - steel guitar (1-8,11,12)
Wayne Killius - drums (1-3,13), shaker (2), peanut can (2), tambourine (13)
Martina McBride - background vocals (13)
Duncan Mullins - bass guitar (2)
Jon Nicholson - background vocals (11)
Matt Pierson - bass guitar (1,3-8,10-13)
Michael Rojas - keyboards (1,3-8,10-13)
Adam Shoenfeld - electric guitar
Nicole Summers - flute (2)
Justin Tocket - bass guitar (9)
Gretchen Wilson - background vocals (7)
Paul Worley - "yeehaw juice" (4)
Jonathan Yudkin - fiddle (1,3,4,7,8,9,11,12), banjo (1,8,9,12), strings (1,6,7,13), string composer (1,6,7,13), string arrangements (1,6,7,13), mandolin (6,7), harp (7)
Technical
Richard Dodd - mastering
Big Kenny - production
Bart Pursley - recording, mixing
John Rich - production
Paul Worley - production
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
Certifications
References
2004 debut albums
Big & Rich albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Paul Worley
Albums produced by John Rich
Most Likely to Succeed is a 2015 feature-length documentary produced by Ted Dintersmith and Tony Wagner and directed by Greg Whiteley.
Overview
The film follows students into the classrooms of High Tech High, a public charter school in San Diego, California. The film combines commentary by a variety of people and follows two groups of ninth graders over the course of a year. The director's experiences with his daughter's school shape the opening to the film and inform his approach to the content and pedagogy of High Tech High. The film takes a closer look at the experiences of several individual students enrolled at the school.
Release
Responses to the film were mixed. A columnist from Education Week, David B. Cohen encourages people to see the film but raised concerns about the single narrative presented in the film. Writing for The Hollywood Reporter, Glenn Heath, Jr. remarked the movie is "an engaging look" at 21st-century education but acknowledges the uncertainty the model offers. A classroom teacher who attended a screening of the film described the film as a "paid infomercial" for a particular approach to curriculum design.
Following the film's premiere, Executive Producer Ted Dintersmith took the film on a 50-state tour, screening the film for learning communities across the country. Following his tour, Dintersmith released a new book, What School Could Be: Insights and Inspiration from Teachers Across America. In July 2019, the film was made available on numerous streaming platforms, including free streaming for Amazon Prime members.
Education history
A central theme of the film is based on the need for disruption. This disruption is needed, according to the producers and director of the film, because American education hasn't changed in more than a century. In effect, the film is advocating the misleading "factory model" theory related to the evolution of American public education. This claim has been refuted by multiple education historians.
There are multiple inaccurate statements in the film and the book it is based on. These include:
The film narration at 0:11:23 says prior to Prussia's actions around public education, formal education primarily consisted of "smart people, sitting around talking to other smart people." The rise of the common school movement, of which Mann was an advocate, is generally recognized as beginning in the 1830s, before Mann went to Prussia. As an example, Pennsylvania's free school law, An Act to Establish a General System of Education by Common Schools, was passed on April 1, 1834.
At 0:12:23, the voice over says Horace Mann was "stunned. Inspired by what he sees [in Prussia], he brings these educational ideas back to the US where it captures the attention of [Henry Ford, Andrew Carnegie, Cornelius Vanderbilt, and J.P. Morgan.]" At the time of his return from his trip to Prussia in 1843, Ford was not yet born, Carnegie was still living in Scotland and 9 years old, Morgan was 7. While Vanderbilt was 50 years old, he was not explicitly involved in education until the late 1860s when he made a donation to his wife's cousin's husband that would lead to the creation of Vanderbilt University.
The idea at 0:12:05 of teaching "math in one room, science in another, language skills in yet another" is described as "totally new." This is misleading on two accounts. First, Edward Krug's survey of the history of the American High School identifies 1880 to 1920 as the era that gave rise to the shape and structure seen today, not the 1840s. Second, the idea of different professors or teachers specializing in different content areas was already familiar to American educators before any trips to Prussia. As an example, the Buffalo High School Association was founded in 1827. An ad placed in the Buffalo Emporium and General Advertiser in 1828 extracted the Buffalo High School's by-laws, which included, "The principle is to appoint employ such Professors, or Assistant Teachers, in the several Departments, as maybe determined necessary for the good reputation and rapid advancement of the School… Lectures on Chemistry, Mineralogy, Natural History, Natural Philosophy, Astronomy, and other Sciences; will be delivered at the High-School, which the scholars in the Senior Department may attend free of expense."
References
External links
Official Movie Page
IMDB page
Documentary films about education in the United States
2015 films
Progressive education
Films set in San Diego
Films shot in San Diego
Kaja may refer to:
Kaja (name), a given name, a nickname and a surname
Kaja (singer), stage name of Vesna Milačić (born 1968), Montenegrin singer-songwriter
Kaja (newspaper), a newspaper published in Estonia between 1919 and 1935
Kajagoogoo, a British new wave band known as Kaja from 1984 to 1985
KAJA (FM), a radio station (97.3 FM) licensed to San Antonio, Texas, United States
K68DJ, a television station (channel 68) licensed to Corpus Christi, Texas, United States, unofficially known as "KAJA"
Kaja Beedi, an India beedi brand
See also
Kaia (disambiguation)
Kakinada Kaaja, an Indian sweet delicacy
Kaya (disambiguation)
Richard Marriott, CVO, TD, FSA (17 December 1930 – 22 February 2021) was a banker, stockbroker, company director, and public administrator who served as Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire from 1996 to 2005.
After attending Eton College and Brasenose College, Oxford, Marriott was commissioned into the Rifle Brigade, serving for a year (although he subsequently commanded a regiment in the Territorial Army). He joined the private bank Brown, Shipley & Co. in 1954 and worked for them for ten years, moving to Mullens & Co., the government brokers, as a partner in 1964; he was one of two people who coordinated the British government's sale of its shares in BP in 1977, at the time the world's largest share offering. He left Mullens in 1986 and became director of Mercury Asset Management, a position he gave up on becoming Lord Lieutenant.
In the public sphere, he sat on Humberside's Rural Development Commission from 1986 until 1995 and was its High Sheriff in the 1991–92 year. In the 1990s and early 2000s, he sat on the councils of the National Army Museum and the University of Hull. He was also Chairman of the Officers' Association from 1977 to 1986 and spent 28 years as financial adviser to the Army Benevolent Fund before he served as its treasurer from 1997 to 2000.
Marriott was appointed a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 2006 New Year Honours.
He died on 22 February 2021.
References
1930 births
2021 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
British bankers
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
High Sheriffs in Yorkshire
Lord-Lieutenants of the East Riding of Yorkshire
People educated at Eton College
Rifle Brigade officers
George Hall may refer to:
People
The arts
George Hall (actor) (1916–2002), Canadian-American actor
George Hall (musician) (c. 1893 – c. 1989), American bandleader
George Hall (cartoonist) (born 1960), Australian comic book writer and artist
George Lothian Hall (1825–1888), watercolour artist
George Henry Hall (artist) (1825–1913), American still-life and landscape artist
Military and politics
George Hall (Australian politician) (1811–1867), South Australian MLC and businessman
George Hall (British administrator), private secretary in South Australia then governor of Parkhurst Prison
George Hall (New York politician) (1770–1840), US congressman
George Hall, 1st Viscount Hall (1881–1965), First Lord of the Admiralty of the UK
George Barker Hall (1819–1858), lawyer, judge and political figure in Canada West
George Benson Hall (1780–1821), naval officer and Upper Canada politician
George J. Hall (1921–1946), American soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
Sir George King-Hall (1850–1939), Royal Navy admiral and last commander of the Australia Squadron
George R. Hall, businessman and former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission commissioner
George W. Hall, American mayor of Seattle in the 1890s
George Williamson Hall (1818–1896), Member of Parliament in Christchurch, New Zealand
George Hall (Brooklyn) (1795–1868), American mayor of Brooklyn
George Joseph Hall (1857–1924), member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Religion
George Hall (bishop of Chester) (1613–1668), English Anglican bishop
George Hall (bishop of Dromore) (1753–1811), Irish Church of Ireland bishop
Sportspeople
George Hall (American football) (born 1984), American football player
George Hall (baseball) (1849–1923), British-American baseball player
George Hall (Australian footballer) (1880–1954), Australian rules footballer
George Hall (English footballer) (1912–1989), English footballer
George Hall (footballer, born 2004) English footballer
George William Hall, the birth name of Willie Hall (English footballer) (1912–1967), English footballer
Other
Geo. Hall (1818–1881), manufacturer of soft drinks in South Australia
George G. Hall (born 1925), English mathematician and quantum chemist
George William Hall (1770–1843), Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University
Places
George Hall, the residence of darts pundit Bobby George
George Hall (Mississippi State University), named for James Z. George
Georgievsky Hall or St. George Hall, Grand Kremlin Palace, Moscow
Hall, George
Architectural disambiguation pages
Ypsolopha sculpturella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Greece, Crete, Turkey and Israel.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ephedra distachya.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Heardberht of Mercia was the brother of King Æthelbald (reigned 716-757), son of Alweo, and a leading Mercian ealdorman. In surviving charters, between at least 736 and 757, Heardberht features as a witness to at least seven, and he is described as the king's brother in two.
Attesting as dux, praefectus and perhaps auxiliator, he was one of the leading ealdormen of Æthelbald's reign, and part of a regular king's council or witan. He often features alongside Bercol, perhaps the most senior ealdorman or patricius, ealdorman Offa (14 charter appearances), Wilfrid (6 appearances), Eadberht (6 appearances), Sigebed (6 appearances), Cyneberht (4 appearances), Ealdwulf (3 appearances) and Eadbald (3 appearances).
Unusually, Heardberht appears to have survived his brother to appear as a witness to a charter in 757 also witnessed by King Offa (reigned 757-796), a successor monarch to his brother.
References
Anglo-Saxon ealdormen
8th-century English people
Killer Nunatak () is a granite nunatak, high, near the center of the Emlen Peaks, northwest of Mount Phelan, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica. It was named by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1963–64, for its distinctive outline resembling the dorsal fin of a killer whale.
References
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Pokuase Interchange is a four level stack interchange situated at Pokuase Junction, in Accra, Ghana. It is the largest interchange in West Africa upon its completion. The interchange was originally a three-tier as proposed by the John Dramani Mahama in 2016 but was modified on the advice of the constructor by the Akufo-Addo administration to a four-tier thereby making it the largest in West Africa. Construction began in 2018 and was commissioned for use on 9 July 2021 by president Nana Akuffo Addo. It lies on the Nsawam Road and connects the Nsawam Road to the George Walker Bush Highway.
Financing
On 28th September 2016, the government of Ghana under the leadership of John Dramani Mahama signed a loan agreement with the African Development Bank to construct a three-tier interchange at Pokuase ACP Junction.
The interchange's cost is estimated at 94.8 million dollars and funded by the African Development Bank and the Government of Ghana.
Controversy
Although the funding was secured by the John Dramani Mahama government for a three-tier interchange, the project did not commence. In July 2018, the new government led by Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo redesigned it into a four-tier interchange. During the commissioning of the project the president, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, stated it was due to his hard work and effort that made it possible for the interchange to be constructed. The opposition National Democratic Congress did not take it lightly with several weeks of debate ensuing.
References
Roads in Ghana
Road interchanges in Ghana
The 1902 Nobel Prize in Literature was the second prestigious literary award based upon Alfred Nobel's will, which was given to German historian Theodor Mommsen (1817–1903) "the greatest living master of the art of historical writing, with special reference to his monumental work A History of Rome."
Laureate
Theodor Mommsen was a writer expert both in history and law, and this combination was important for his research career. His Nobel Prize was motivated primarily by his pioneering three-volume work about Roman history, Römische Geschichte. It depicted different aspects of the Roman Republic's history: political, legal, economic, cultural and even geographical and meteorological. According to the Swedish Academy, his writing was "vivid and empathetic", and it was for these literary qualities that he was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Nominations
Mommsen had not been nominated for the prize in 1901, making it the first rare occasion when an author have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature the same year they were first nominated. In total, the Swedish Academy received 44 nominations for 34 individuals, including the Russian novelist Leo Tolstoy (four nominations), British philosopher Herbert Spencer (one nomination), and Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen (one nomination).
The authors Samuel Butler, Gleb Uspensky, Frank R. Stockton, Bret Harte, Ernst Dümmler, Masaoka Shiki, William McGonagall, Frank Norris, George Alfred Henty, Mary Hartwell Catherwood, Ethna Carbery, Grace Hinsdale, and Annie French Hector died in 1902 without having been nominated for the prize.
Mommsen's Römische Geschichte
When Mommsen was awarded the prize, the world recognition was given him with "special reference" to the 'Römische Geschichte (the History of Rome). The award came nearly fifty years after the first appearance of the work. The award also came during the last year of the author's life (1817–1903). It is the only time thus far that the Nobel Prize for Literature has been presented to a historian per se. Yet the literary Nobel has since been awarded to a philosopher (1950) with mention of an "intellectual history", and to a war-time leader (1953) for speeches and writings, including a "current events history", plus a Nobel Memorial Prize has been awarded for two "economic histories" (1993). Nonetheless Mommsen's multi-volume History of Rome remains in a singular Nobel class.
The 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica, a well-regarded reference yet nonetheless "a source unsparingly critical", summarizes: "Equally great as antiquary, jurist, political and social historian, Mommsen lived to see the time when among students of Roman history he had pupils, followers, critics, but no rivals. He combined the power of minute investigation with a singular faculty for bold generalization and the capacity for tracing out the effects of thought on political and social life."
The British historian G. P. Gooch, writing in 1913, eleven years after Mommsen's Nobel prize, gives us this evaluation of his Römisches Geschichte: "Its sureness of touch, its many-sided knowledge, its throbbing vitality and the Venetian colouring of its portraits left an ineffaceable impression on every reader." "It was a work of genius and passion, the creation of a young man, and is as fresh and vital to-day as when it was written." About the History of Rome another British historian Arnold J. Toynbee in 1934 wrote, at the beginning of his own 12-volume universal history, "Mommsen wrote a great book, [Römisches Geschichte], which certainly will always be reckoned among the masterpieces of Western historical literature."
Reactions
The decision to award the second Nobel Prize in Literature to a non-fiction writer was criticised by some. While praising Mommsen's work in a 1902 article in Ord&Bild, the Swedish professor in Intellectual history Johan Bergman wrote: "It is and remain a flagrant injustice to not award this prize for the best literary work in ideal direction to one of the great idealists among the celebrated authors of our time, to Tolstoj or Björnson or Ibsen." Internationally, Henrik Ibsen and August Strindberg were frequently mentioned as worthy candidates for the prize.
References
External links
Award ceremony speech by C.D. af Wirsén nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
D. Wayne Elhard (born 22 August 1947) is a Canadian provincial politician. He served as the Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Cypress Hills. Elhard was the first MLA elected under the Saskatchewan Party banner, as he was elected in a June 1999 by election.
References
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Saskatchewan
1947 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Luxembourg nationality law is ruled by the Constitution of Luxembourg. The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a member state of the European Union and, therefore, its citizens are also EU citizens.
Nationality by birth
Luxembourg law generally follows jus sanguinis with limited jus soli provisions. Citizenship is automatically given to:
a child of a Luxembourg citizen parent, regardless of the place of birth;
a child born in Luxembourg to a parent born in Luxembourg (even if the parent is not a Luxembourg citizen); or
a child born in Luxembourg to parents who are stateless or unable to pass their nationality onto their child; or
a child born in Luxembourg to unknown parents.
Furthermore, a child born in Luxembourg to foreign parents, neither of whom were born in Luxembourg, gains Luxembourg citizenship automatically upon turning 18 years old if:
at least one of their parents lived continuously in Luxembourg in the 12 months preceding their birth; and
they have lived continuously in Luxembourg in the 5 years immediately preceding their 18th birthday.
Naturalization
Naturalization is permitted, subject to the following conditions:
being at least eighteen years old;
five years of legal residence in the Grand Duchy, including an uninterrupted period of one year immediately before applying for citizenship;
passing a Luxembourgish language exam;
taking a course on "living together in the Grand Duchy" or passing the associated examination; and
never having been handed an immediate custodial sentence of 12 months or more or a suspended custodial sentence of 24 months or more, in any country.
Acquisition of nationality by option
Luxembourg law also provides for the possibility to acquire nationality by option, which is a separate legal concept from naturalization.
Obtaining nationality by option is permitted in the following ten cases:
Adults with a parent (biological or adopted) or grandparent who is/was a Luxembourger and was unable to pass Luxembourg nationality to the person at birth (e.g. due to the nationality laws of another country forbidding it);
Parents of Luxembourg minors (requires 5 years' residency and passing the Luxembourgish language and integration exams);
Persons who are married to a Luxembourg citizen (requires passing the Luxembourgish language and integration exams; no minimum residency or marriage length requirement for spouses living in Luxembourg; 3 years' marriage required for spouses living outside Luxembourg);
Persons aged 12 or above who were born in Luxembourg and did not automatically become a citizen at birth due to neither of their parents being Luxembourg citizens or born in Luxembourg (requires 5 years' residency and for at least one parent to have lived continuously in Luxembourg for at least 12 months immediately prior to the person's birth);
Adults who have completed at least 7 years' schooling in Luxembourg (requires 12 months' residency immediately prior to the citizenship application);
Adults who have legally resided in Luxembourg for at least 20 years (requires 12 months' residency immediately prior to the citizenship application and a total of 24 hours' attendance at a Luxembourgish language course, but no requirement to pass the language exam);
Adults who have fulfilled the obligations of the Welcome and Integration Contract (Contrat d'accueil et d'intégration), a free, optional course available to any foreigner living in Luxembourg (also requires 5 years' residency and passing the Luxembourgish language and integration exams);
Adults who settled in Luxembourg before turning 18 (requires 5 years' residency and passing the Luxembourgish language and integration exams);
Adults who are stateless, refugees or have subsidiary protection status (requires 5 years' residency and passing the Luxembourgish language and integration exams); or
Volunteer soldiers who have completed one year of good and loyal service, as certified by the Luxembourg Army's Chief of Staff.
All of the options also have the same "good repute" requirements as for naturalisation, i.e. the applicant must never have been handed an immediate custodial sentence of 12 months or more or a suspended custodial sentence of 24 months or more, in any country.
Recovery of citizenship
It is also possible to "recover" or "reclaim" Luxembourg nationality if a person can prove that they have an ancestor who was a Luxembourg citizen as of 1 January 1900. The Luxembourg diaspora at the time moved to France, Belgium and the USA. By the end of 2013, thousands of people had recovered the nationality of their Luxembourg ancestor. In 2021, 6,801 people claimed citizenship, in 2020, it was 9,389 and in total 31,151 people have claimed citizenship since the passing of the 2008 law. The final deadline to reclaim citizenship was moved to December 31, 2022 because of the Covid-19 Pandemic.
Loss of nationality
A Luxembourg citizen aged 18 or over may renounce their citizenship at any time, free of charge, provided that doing so would not render them stateless.
A Luxembourg citizen who became such by naturalization, option or recovery may be stripped of their citizenship if it emerges that they obtained it by making false statements or through a marriage of convenience, provided that such an action would not render them stateless.
Dual citizenship
Since 1 January 2009, Luxembourg has allowed dual citizenship. Since then, many Belgians have made use of the new law to adopt Belgian-Luxembourg citizenship, especially Belgians living in Arelerland, a part of the Belgian province of Luxembourg at the border with the Grand Duchy.
Citizenship of the European Union
Because Luxembourg forms part of the European Union, Luxembourg citizens are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament. When in a non-EU country where there is no Luxembourg embassy, Luxembourg citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that country. Luxembourgish citizens can live and work in any country within the EU as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.
Travel freedom of Luxembourg citizens
Visa requirements for Luxembourg citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Luxembourg. In 2015, Luxembourg citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 171 countries and territories, ranking the Luxembourg passport 3rd in the world according to the Visa Restrictions Index.
In 2017, Luxembourg nationality is ranked sixteenth in Nationality Index (QNI). This index differs from the Visa Restrictions Index, which focuses on external factors including travel freedom. The QNI considers, in addition, to travel freedom on internal factors such as peace & stability, economic strength, and human development as well.
References
External links
Luxembourg's Ministry of Justice website
About the new nationality law
See also
Luxembourgish passport
Nationality law
Law of Luxembourg
Luxembourg and the European Union
Boston Simbeye (born 24 December 1959) is a former Malawian welterweight boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he finished in thirty-third place.
References
1959 births
Living people
Malawian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Malawi
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Welterweight boxers
Blue Demon Jr. (born July 19, 1966) is a Mexican professional wrestler. He is the adopted son of the original Blue Demon and is the first Mexican and the second masked wrestler to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship thus making him a one-time world champion. His real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico, where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
Professional wrestling career
Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (1996–2001)
In Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) he formed the team Los Juniors with La Parka Jr., Mascara Sagrada Jr. and Perro Aguayo Jr. On April 18, 1999 in Zapopan, Jalisco they won the Mexican National Atómicos Championship by defeating Los Vatos Locos, a team of Charly Manson, May Flowers, Nygma and Picudo. On September 17, 1999 in Mexico City, D.F. they lost the championship to Los Vipers, a team of Histeria, Maniaco, Mosco de la Merced II and Psicosis II.
National Wrestling Alliance (2008–2010)
On October 25, 2008, Demon Jr. became the first Mexican professional wrestler, as well as first masked luchador to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship when he defeated champion Adam Pearce. His win was also the first time the title changed hands in Mexico, although not with CMLL as would have been the case before the mid-1980s (It happened in Blue Demon Jr.'s own promotion: NWA Mexico). Pearce protested the loss with the NWA as his arm was under the bottom rope when he passed out from Blue Demon Jr's Single leg Boston crab. Blue Demon Jr. managed to hold on to the championship for 505 days before dropping it back to Pearce in a triple-threat match also involving Phill Shatter on March 14, 2010 at NWA New Beginnings.
Pro Wrestling Revolution (2010–2013)
Demon Jr. defeated Oliver John at an NWA Mexico event at the Lucha Libre Expo in Mexico City on July 23, 2010 to capture the Pro Wrestling Revolution (PWR) Heavyweight Championship. On May 11, 2013, El Hijo del Santo and his rival, Blue Demon Jr., joined forces to win the Pro Wrestling Revolution Tag Team Championship after defeating Brian Cage and Derek Sanders On September 6, 2012, Blue Demon Jr. lost the PWR World Heavyweight Championship to Carly Colón in a match that also involved La Parka II. On November 13, 2013, Blue Demon Jr. disbanded NWA Mexico and became officially affiliated with PWR.
Lucha Underground (2014–2015)
In August 2014, Blue Demon Jr. was announced as one of five AAA wrestlers to star in the El Rey network's new television series Lucha Underground. Blue Demon Jr. wrestled in the first match of the debut episode of Lucha Underground on October 29, defeating Chavo Guerrero Jr.
In the LU storyline, Blue Demon Jr. was hospitalized due to vicious after-match attacks by both Mil Muertes and Chavo Guerrero Jr. following Demon's loss to Mil Muertes in the November 5 main event match. Upon his return, he attacked Chavo and later in a face-to-face meeting with Chavo blocked another attack and emerged triumphant after laying Chavo out. On July 8, 2015, Demon turned rudo attacking Texano Jr.
Return to AAA (2013–present)
Blue Demon Jr. returned to AAA on March 3, 2013, challenging El Texano Jr. to a match for the AAA Mega Championship. The match took place on March 17 at Rey de Reyes and saw El Texano Jr. retain his title. After the match, Blue Demon Jr. challenged El Texano Jr. to a Mask vs. Hair Lucha de Apuestas. On April 15, Blue Demon Jr. announced that he had signed to become a regular member of AAA's roster. On June 16 at Triplemanía XXI, Blue Demon Jr. defeated El Mesías to win the vacant AAA Latin American Championship. He was stripped of the title on March 16, 2014, after he was unable to attend a scheduled title defense against Chessman at Rey de Reyes.
In films and TV
In 2007, he appeared in the film Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras Resurrection). In an episode of ¡Mucha Lucha!, a cartoon version of Blue Demon Jr. appears as a superhero wrestler. He competed on the Mexican dancing show Mira Quien Baila in 2011. He has a cameo in Mel Gibson's 2012 movie Get the Gringo. He also participated in Como dice el dicho in 2011.
In 2021, it was announced that Blue Demon Jr. would star in a new television series for Disney Channel titled Ultra Violet & Blue Demon. The series would have focused on Ultra Violet, played by Scarlett Estevez, who discovers that her uncle is Blue Demon Jr. and teams up with him to become superheroes. However, later that year, it was announced that the series would be retitled Ultra Violet & Black Scorpion with J.R. Villarreal replacing Blue Demon as an original character.
Personal life
Blue Demon Jr.'s son is training for a career in professional wrestling.
Championships and accomplishments
Cauliflower Alley Club
Lucha Libra Award (2018)
International Wrestling All Stars
IWAS World Light Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide
AAA Latin American Championship (1 time)
Mexican National Atómicos Championship (1 time) - with La Parka Jr., Perro Aguayo Jr. and Máscara Sagrada Jr.
Mexican National Cruiserweight Championship (1 time)
Copa Hijo del Perro Aguayo (2019)
NWA SOUTHWEST/World of Wrestling
WOW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
National Wrestling Alliance
NWA World Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Revolution
PWR Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
PWR Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with El Hijo del Santo
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 22 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2009
Universal Wrestling Association
UWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
World Wrestling Association
WWA Light Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
WWA Middleweight Championship (1 time)
WWA World Welterweight Championship (1 time)
Luchas de Apuestas record
References
General sources - Championship Information
General sources - Career
Specific
External links
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy Official Page
PopMatters review of Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy
1966 births
Living people
Masked wrestlers
Mexican male professional wrestlers
NWA World Heavyweight Champions
Professional wrestlers from Mexico City
Unidentified wrestlers
AAA Latin American Champions
UWA World Junior Heavyweight Champions
Harry Binswanger (; born 1944) is an American philosopher. He is an Objectivist and a board member of the Ayn Rand Institute. He was an associate of Ayn Rand, working with her on The Ayn Rand Lexicon and helping her edit the second edition of Rand's Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology. He is the author of How We Know: Epistemology on an Objectivist Foundation (2014).
Biography
Harry Binswanger was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia. He is an heir to the Binswanger Glass Company, founded in 1872 by Samuel Binswanger.
In 1965, Binswanger received his Bachelor of Science in Humanities and Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a brother of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity. In 1973, he earned his Doctor of Philosophy in Philosophy from Columbia University. His dissertation was in the philosophy of biology and presented a theory of the goal-directedness of living action. It was published in 1990 as The Biological Basis of Teleological Concepts. He has since taught philosophy at several universities, including the City University of New York, The New School, and the University of Texas at Austin.
Binswanger was a friend of Ayn Rand in the final years of her life and has written his subsequent philosophical work in the tradition of Rand's Objectivist philosophy. From 1980 through 1987, he published and edited a bimonthly journal called The Objectivist Forum, which was later published as a hardback collection. He edited the new material in the second edition of Rand's book, Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology, published in 1990 after her death. He also compiled The Ayn Rand Lexicon, a compilation of Rand's views on various topics. His book, How We Know: Epistemology on an Objectivist Foundation, was published in 2014.
Binswanger is on the Board of Directors of the Ayn Rand Institute and is listed as a scholar at the Ayn Rand Institute Campus. He also moderates and posts to a fee-based online discussion group on Objectivism, called "The Harry Binswanger Letter", which he has operated since 1998. Binswanger was previously a contributor to Forbes and is currently a contributor to RealClearMarkets. His television appearances have included Glenn Beck and Geraldo at Large. He also appears in Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life, the Academy Award-nominated documentary by Michael Paxton, and Ayn Rand & the Prophecy of Atlas Shrugged, a 2011 documentary by Chris Mortensen.
Views
Binswanger has been described as an "orthodox" Objectivist who is committed to ideas of his mentor Rand, whom he considers a "once in a millennium genius". Binswanger expressed support for Israel on Glenn Beck and denied global warming in his Forbes column of April 3, 2013. He calls for "absolutely open immigration" in a post on his website.
In 1986, Binswanger and John Ridpath participated in a debate on Socialism vs Capitalism against John Judis and Christopher Hitchens. In this debate he argued for the merits of capitalism as compared to socialism from an Objectivist perspective. During the debate, Binswanger stated "Colonialism is the best thing that ever happened to the colonies," and "We view the colonialization of India and the rest of the world [...] as the extending of wealth and civilization to backward regions."
Works
As author
As editor
The Objectivist Forum. Vols 1–8, 1980–1987.
Notes
References
External links
The Harry Binswanger Letter
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
Atheist philosophers
American atheism activists
Objectivists
Objectivism scholars
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Columbia University alumni
Hunter College faculty
University of Texas at Austin faculty
People from Richmond, Virginia
1944 births
Living people
Action theorists
Philosophers from Texas
20th-century atheists
21st-century atheists
Ayn Rand Institute
The Bloudan Conference of 1937 (Arabic transliteration: al-Mu'tamar al-'Arabi al-Qawmi fi Bludan) was the first pan-Arab summit held in Bloudan, Syria on 8 September 1937. The second Bloudan conference was held nine years later in 1946.
It was called by the Arab Higher Committee in response to the Peel Commission which recommended the partition of Palestine, then under British control, into Arab and Jewish states. The Peel Commission's recommendations were rejected by the participating delegates while the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine against the British authorities and increased Jewish immigration in Palestine was widely supported. The Bloudan Conference held historical significance for being an early display of collective Arab concern regarding the Zionist movement.
Goals and participation
The Arab Higher Committee originally petitioned the British Mandate administration to hold the conference in Jerusalem, but the request was rejected and the small town of Bloudan was chosen instead. The conference, which gathered hundreds of delegates from the Arab world (mostly the eastern half), was orchestrated "in order to study the duties of the Arabs in their respective countries and to agree on effective measures to resist the dangers posed by the Zionists."
Several resolutions adopted during the conference rejected both the plan to partition Palestine and the establishment of a Jewish state there. Furthermore, it affirmed that Palestine was an integral part of the Arab world. A number of committees were created to research ways to resist partition. The significance of the Bloudan Conference was the demonstration of pan-Arab support for the anti-Zionist movement in Palestine.
It was chaired by Naji al-Suwaidi, the former prime minister of Iraq, and vice-chaired by intellectual Shakib Arslan of Lebanon, former education minister Mohammed Alluba Pasha of Egypt and the Greek Orthodox bishop of Homs, Ali Hurayki. Although the government of Syria did not participate at an official level due to Anglo-French pressure, it was the most represented in the conference with 115 delegates. Palestine was represented by 97 delegates, Lebanon by 59 and led by Riad al-Solh, Transjordan by 29, Iraq by 9, Egypt by 2 and Tripolitania by 1. In a sign of further pan-Arab support for the conference, solidarity messages and telegrams were sent by Ahmad al-Sabah, the Emir of Kuwait and by Islamic-oriented groups from several Egyptian cities and towns, as well as from Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco.
After the official conference in Bloudan, a largely secret meeting was held in Damascus by more activist delegates called the Conference of Nationalist Youth. The meeting called for stronger action to unite Arab youth and preparatory committee was established to organize a second, larger conference to be held in Europe. Participants included Yunus al-Sab'awi, Kazem al-Solh, Taqi al-Din Solh, Farid Zayn al-Din, Wasfi Kamal, Munir al-Rayyes, Uthman al-Hawrani, Farhan Shubaylat, Akram Zuaiter and Sabri al-Asali.
A pamphlet distributed at the conference, entitled "Islam and Jewry," has been described as history's "first text that propagated sheer Jew-hatred in an Islamic context by mixing selected anti-Jewish episodes of Mohammed's life with the so-called wickedness of Jews in the 20th century.".
Reactions
The French Mandate government of Lebanon opposed Lebanese participation in the conference, with the pro-government newspaper stating it was in the country's interests not to antagonize the Jews or the Arabs alike. Lebanese delegates at the conference favored a resolution condemning Lebanese neutrality in the conflict in Palestine, but the resolution was rejected because of opposition from many Syrian delegates and al-Suwaidi who feared a rift with the Lebanese government.
The British Consulate in Damascus released a statement reflecting British alarm over the summit, saying there was "little doubt that the long drawn-out deliberations over Palestine are reviving from the ashes of local jealousies: the pan-Arab phoenix." The consul described "Islam and Jewry," which was distributed at the conference, as "a startlingly inflammatory pamphlet" which he said gave "an indication of the passions that the organizers of the congress hoped to arouse. The consul's informant at the conference described the text as "a violently anti-Jewish pamphlet" which was given to each of the persons attending the Bludan Congress.
Fu'ad Mufarrij, a leading delegate at the meeting, believed the Bloudan Conference was an expression of the aspirations and goals of the Arabs as well as a major step to further develop programs to achieve those aims. However, Lebanese historian Raghid al-Solh believed the Bloudan Conference and other pan-Arab conferences held after it during the late 1930s, focused specifically on the Palestine issue and only sought to consolidate the political status quo in the region in which Iraq and Transjordan leaned towards the Hashemite vision of a limited federal Arab union, an idea the British sympathized with, while Syria, Lebanon and Egypt each held their own initiatives. According to al-Solh, pan-Arab unity and liberation from European colonialism were largely ignored.
References
Bibliography
1937 in politics
20th-century diplomatic conferences
Arab nationalism in Mandatory Palestine
Diplomatic conferences
History of Mandatory Palestine
1937 in Mandatory Syria
1937 conferences
Griffing Park is an area of Port Arthur, Texas, United States that used to be a separate city in Jefferson County.
In 1929 Port Arthur began its attempts to annex Griffing Park, which incorporated on November 13 of that year. In 1983 Port Arthur annexed Griffing Park. The proposed annexations were blocked by injunctions; the first was removed on November 26, 1929, and the second began in May 1930. Handbook of Texas describes the town's attitude during the 1983 merging process with Port Arthur as "kicking and screaming."
Education
Griffing Park is within the Port Arthur Independent School District.
References
Further reading
"Consolidation put into operation." Port Arthur News. February 1, 1983.
"Goodbye to Gritting Park."
"Consolidation official, marks ‘step forward'."
External links
Port Arthur, Texas
Former cities in Texas
Geography of Jefferson County, Texas
Populated places disestablished in 1983
William A Scott (1926–1991) was an American-born social psychologist. After serving in the US Navy in World War II, Scott did graduate study in psychology at the University of Michigan, where he did research on propaganda and attitudes. From 1955, he held an academic appointment at the University of Colorado, where he eventually became a full professor. While there, he made contributions to research on mental health and cognitive complexity, and to value theory. In 1974 he migrated to Australia, becoming the Foundation Professor of Behavioural Science at James Cook University in Townsville. In 1977, he took a position as Professor of Psychology at the Australian National University in Canberra. During this period, he did research on cognitive structure and on the adaptation of immigrants, the latter in collaboration with his wife Ruth Scott. He was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences in Australia in 1977. He died in Canberra on 8 November 1991.
A notable contribution of William Scott was the development of the Scott's pi as a measure of inter-observer agreement for nominal scale measures. Scott's paper on pi has been recognized as a citation classic.
References
1926 births
1991 deaths
American social psychologists
American emigrants to Australia
University of Michigan alumni
University of Colorado faculty
James Cook University faculty
Australian National University faculty
Fellows of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia
The 2001 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 75th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £91,969,298 and attendances recorded at 3,887,265 from 6180 meetings.
Rapid Ranger trained by Charlie Lister was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning his second English Greyhound Derby. The brindle dog joined an elite band of three greyhounds to win the Derby twice. Only Mick the Miller and Patricias Hope had previously achieved the feat.
Linda Jones won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year but it was fellow trainer John McGee Sr. that once again hit the headlines, with a controversy regarding the trainer's championship to be held at Hove. McGee qualified for the top six Trainers' Championship by virtue of finishing fifth in the 2000 standings but was upset at the fact that John Mullins was allowed to take the place of his mother Linda Mullins. John Mullins had taken control of the kennels following Linda's retirement but an angry John McGee stated "I read that it was an unanimous decision" referring to the announcement made by the Professional Greyhound Trainers' Association (PGTA), "but unanimous by whom? "They should have asked the five other trainers who have qualified what they thought, not just changed the rules because they wanted John Mullins in." The anger was brought on by the fact that he had been denied an invitation to run in the 1988 championship after taking over the kennel from Fred Wiseman, who led the 1987 standings. "I was head man to Fred Wiseman, but everyone knew I was doing the dogs and we won everything that year". The Championship went ahead and was won by Charlie Lister but the controversy surrounding McGee continued, when later in the year he had a positive urine sample taken from Apple Rambler at Wimbledon. The NGRC once again withdrew his licence and he was told that no further application would be considered until January 2003.
Tracks
Advanced plans by the Greyhound Racing Association to open a 2,000 seater stadia at Fazakerley in the north of Liverpool failed to materialise following opposition from residents. Liverpool had lost greyhound racing in 1973 despite having four prominent profitable tracks at one stage.
Castleford Whitwood Stadium held its final meeting in February; it had existed in spells as a licensed and independent track since 1938.
News
Trainer Graham Holland left Oxford to join Hove and was replaced by Nick Colton. Carly Philpott took out her first licence following in the footsteps of her father Paul Philpott and Maxine Locke joined Catford. Leading owner Len Ponder moved all of his greyhounds from trainer Ray Peacock and transferred them to Seamus Cahill.
Owen McKenna son of Ger McKenna decided to return to Ireland to train mainly for David Miles (responsible for the Reactabond prefix) in Ballyclerihan. Despite having a contract at Wimbledon, McKenna had expressed concerns over lack of races and poor prize money.
Competitions
The Nick Savva trained Sonic Flight won a strong Scottish Greyhound Derby, a competition that saw the shock disqualification in the first round of prolific open race winner El Boss, who was subsequently retired. Sonic Flight also won the Select Stakes and Irish Laurels.
The veteran Palace Issue now trained by John Mullins retired after failing to win the Golden Jacket but winning 69 of his 111 races and picking up £65,000 in prize money.
No Can Waltz enjoyed a good year, the Linda Jones trained white and brindle had finished second in the Arc final and third in the Scottish Derby and won the Test before a good Grand Prix campaign at Walthamstow Stadium came to an end losing to Slick Tom. He finished the year by reaching the St Leger final, he was arguably the best stayer ahead of Solid Magic who claimed the first Cesarewitch to be held at Oxford and the Olympic title.
Ireland
2001 was a vintage year for stars, in the United Kingdom Rapid Ranger had dominated the news and Sonic Flight had a great year. In Ireland Cool Performance won the Derby but he was overshadowed by two of the finalists, Late Late Show and Droopys Kewell. Late Late Show owned by Pat Kenny and duly named after the popular show The Late Late Show became the nation's favourite greyhound. The black dog won the Easter Cup and Shelbourne 600, in addition to finishing runner-up in the Derby and being a finalist in the Champion Stakes. Droopys Kewell won three major events; the National Produce, St Leger and Champion Stakes. In any other year Droopys Kewell would have been Irish Greyhound of the Year but the accolade went to Late Late Show.
Principal UK races
Principal Irish finals
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 2001 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Mob Rules may refer to:
Mob Rules (band), a German power metal band
Mob Rules (album), an album by Black Sabbath
"Mob Rules" (House episode)
See also
Mob Rule (disambiguation)
Nakshathrangal Parayathirunnathu is a 2001 Indian Malayalam language film directed by C S Sudesh. Starring Mukesh, Divya Unni, Lal, Innocent, Harisree Ashokan, Rajan P Dev, Jayabharathi and Narendra Prasad in the lead roles, the film released in the year 2001 in India. This film was one of Divya Unni's last films before her sabbatical.
Plot
Two friends, Nandakumar and Shashaankan, are in a desperate need of money. They decide to get their hands on some cash through unfair means.
Cast
Mukesh as Nandakumar
Lal as Gowrishankar
Narendra Prasad as Vasudeva Panicker
Rajan P Dev as Rajashekharan
Innocent as Govinda Kamath
Harisree Ashokan as Shashaankan
Divya Unni as Sivaranjini
Jayabharathi as Sivaranjini's Mother
Shantha Kumari as Deviamma
Soundtrack
"Nishagandhi Poothu (male)" - K. J. Yesudas
"Kukkoo Kukkoo Kuyil" - K. S. Chithra
"Anthimayangi (male)" - K. J. Yesudas
"Arikathoru" - M. G. Sreekumar
"Thillai Thillai" - M. G. Sreekumar, Smita
"Kukkoo Kukkoo Kuyil (male)" - K. J. Yesudas
"Anthimazha" - K. S. Chithra
"Nishagandhi Poothu" - K. S. Chithra
Production
The film was shot in Thrissur and nearby places.
Release
The film released during Onam.
References
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Mohan Sithara
Overture Networks was a company that designed, manufactured, and marketed networking and telecommunications equipment. It was "a leading developer of converged packet access platforms for Carrier Ethernet services." Overture was headquartered in Research Triangle Park (RTP), North Carolina and also maintained offices in Westford, MA and Bangalore, India.
Overture was a member of the Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF). It also held a TL 9000 certification which it received from the QuEST Forum in May 2007.
In January 2016, Overture was acquired by telecommunications vendor ADVA Optical Networking.
History
In 2000, Overture was launched by co-founders Jeff Reedy and Prayson Pate to develop solutions designed to help service providers and network operators transition to an all-packet network. In December 2008, Overture Networks acquired Ceterus Networks, a Richardson, Texas-based manufacturer of Carrier Ethernet equipment and technologies for mobile backhaul. In March 2011, Overture merged with Hatteras Networks, the number one-ranked Ethernet over Copper market leader and manufacturer of Ethernet service delivery solutions for the Carrier Ethernet, Metro Ethernet, and DSLAM and mobile wireless backhaul markets. Post-merger, the unified company operated under the Overture Networks name until February 2012, when a rebranding initiative was announced. Marking the final integration of the two companies, Overture introduced a new logo, color palette, company blog, and tagline, "Overture - An Entrance to a Smarter Network", and informally dropped "Networks" from its name.
Beginning in 2008, and continuing through 2009, 2010, and 2011, Overture was named as the number one provider of Ethernet over TDM (EoTDM) access circuits and Ethernet over bonded copper pair (EoC) platforms by analyst firm Heavy Reading.
In September 2012, Overture appointed former Ciena Corporation Senior VP of Global Field Operations, General Manager of Global Government Solutions, and VP of Americas, Mike Aquino, as its new President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Overture announced the company's entry into the Software-Defined Networking (SDN) space in March 2012 with the launch of a new product, Ensemble OSA. Ensemble OSA is an open architecture based on open API standards like OpenFlow and has three layers, which may include Overture-developed components, as well as those developed by service providers or third-party vendors. Overture followed this with the release of the Overture 6500, the first Ensemble OSA-ready platform and the inaugural product in its Open Service Delivery Family product line.
In January 2016, Overture was acquired by ADVA Optical Networking in a $35 million purchase which was reported to involve "an additional $5 million conditional 'earn-out' payment".
Current products and applications
Overture's products were generally used in the following solution categories: business services, mobile backhaul, Ethernet transport and infrastructure for speeds from 1 Mbit/s to 10 Gbit/s, and SDN. The company's products addressed these core applications using a range of access technologies including optical Ethernet, Ethernet over bonded copper, Ethernet over TDM/SONET/SDH/PDH, and multi-service Carrier Ethernet that supported TDM pseudo-wires and IP service aggregation using VLANs. Targeted to users such as competitive local exchange carriers, incumbent local exchange carriers, cable companies, and wholesale ISPs, its technologies were used in applications and settings like cloud computing, data center services, and mobile data services. Overture Network's products achieved MEF 9, 14, and 18 certifications.
Ethernet over bonded copper
Overture LPM 8
Overture 239
Overture 400
Overture 4000
Ethernet over TDM, SONET, SDH, and PDH
Overture 34
Overture 45 and 45+
Overture 140
Overture 180
Overture 500
Mobile Backhaul
Overture 600
Overture 400
Overture 65
Overture 6500
Optical Ethernet
Overture 65
Overture 6500
Overture 1400
Overture 4800
Overture 6000
Overture 6100
Software-Defined Services
Ensemble OSA
Overture 6500
Customers and partners
Overture serviced more than 450 service providers and network operators in 45 countries worldwide. Among the company's major customers were BellSouth (now AT&T), Cavalier Telephone,
COLT, Internode, Integra Telecom, IPC Systems, MASERGY, One Connect Limited, Optivon, PAETEC, THUS, tw telecom, Verizon Business, Veroxity, Windstream Communications, and XO Communications.
The company also established and maintained a network of distributor and reseller, OEM, service and support, system integrator, and technology alliance partners. Among its partners were Alcatel-Lucent, ADVA Optical Networking, Cyan, Telent, and Walker and Associates.
Awards and recognition
Corporate, product, and personnel awards won by Overture include the following:
2007
Frost & Sullivan Carrier Ethernet Entrepreneurial Company of the Year
2008
Triangle Business Journal Fast 50
Business Leader Magazine 2008 Impact Entrepreneurs
Internet Telephony Excellence Award
Internet Telephony Product of the Year
Red Herring 100 North America
2009
4GWE Product of the Year
4G Wireless Evolution Wireless Backhaul Distinction Award
Ethernet Expo Americas Awards - Best Carrier Ethernet Solution
InfoVision Awards - Access Network Technologies and Services
Internet Telephony Product of the Year Award
Red Herring Global 100
Supercomm Eos Awards - Technology Innovation, Access Networking
2010
4G Wireless Evolution Wireless Backhaul Distinction Award
IT Product of the Year
TMC Communications Solutions Product of the Year Award
TMC Labs Innovation Awards
2011
American Business Awards - Stevie Awards, Business-to-Business Marketing Campaign of the Year Finalist
Business Leader Magazine Top 50 Entrepreneurs
NGN Leadership Award
Triangle Business Journal CFO of the Year - Large Private Company
2012
American Business Awards - Stevie Awards, People's Choice Stevie® Awards, Favorite New Products
American Business Awards - Stevie Awards, Silver Medalist, Best New Product or Service - Telecommunications
Business Leader Magazine Top Entrepreneurs
Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Finalist
Global Telecom Innovation Business Awards - Ethernet Performance Innovation
Internet Telephony Excellence Award
Internet Telephony NGN Leadership Awards
Triangle Business Journal Fast 50 - #1 Fastest Growing Company
References
External links
Overtones Blog: https://web.archive.org/web/20151210181826/http://www.overturenetworks.com/connect-with-overture/overtones-blog/
Telecommunication companies established in 2000
Privately held companies based in North Carolina
Telecommunication companies of the United States
Telecommunications equipment vendors
Networking companies of the United States
Networking hardware companies
Research Triangle
American companies established in 2000
Mporokoso District is a district of Zambia, located in Northern Province. The capital lies at Mporokoso. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 73,929 people.
References
Districts of Northern Province, Zambia
The 1985–86 Women's European Champions Cup was the 25th edition of the Europe's competition for national champions women's handball clubs, running between October 1985 and Spring 1986. Defending champion Spartak Kyiv defeated CS Stiinta Bacau in the final to win its eleventh title.
Quarter-finals
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
References
Women's EHF Champions League
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1985-86
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1985-86
IHF
IHF
Michael Tamoaieta (6 July 1995 – 1 March 2019) was a Samoan-born rugby union player. A prop, Tamoaieta represented at a provincial level, and played for the in the Super Rugby competition.
Tamoaieta died on 1 March 2019.
Professional career
2017–2019
In August 2017, the North Harbour Rugby Union released their 33-man squad for the 2017 Mitre 10 Cup with the inclusion of Tamoaieta. He was one of five players announced to make their debut in week one of the competition against Otago at QBE Stadium. Tamoaieta started in the match day fifteen at tighthead prop.
Personal life
Death
Tamoaieta died on 1 March 2019, aged 23, at his home in Auckland which was announced on social media by his partner Helen Ti'eti'e the following day. The cause of death was not made public. Tributes and condolences were offered by New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew, New Zealand international Ardie Savea, and the Blues Super Rugby franchise. In week two of the 2019 Super Rugby season, New Zealand teams, the Chiefs, the Crusaders, and the Blues wore black armbands to pay their respects and an acknowledgment of his life at their respective games in Hamilton, Brisbane, and Argentina.
Statistics
Updated: 29 September 2018
Source: Michael Tamoaieta Rugby History
References
1995 births
2019 deaths
New Zealand rugby union players
North Harbour rugby union players
Blues (Super Rugby) players
Samoan emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand people of i-Kiribati descent
Rugby union props
Nicola Cosentino (born 2 January 1959) is an Italian politician. He was until 1/21 the regional coordinator of Forza Italia (Silvio Berlusconi's party) in Campania.
Biography
Cosentino was born in Casal di Principe, one of Camorra's strongholds near Naples. He is a distant relative of the Casalesi clan boss Giuseppe Russo.
Cosentino, a member of the Italian Socialist Democratic Party, was municipal counsellor in 1978-1980, then provincial counsellor from 1980 to 1995. In that year he was elected into the Italian Chamber of Deputies for Forza Italia. In 2005 he ran for the Presidency of the Province of Caserta, but was defeated by the centre-left candidate Sandro De Franciscis. Cosentino was re-elected to the Chamber of Deputies in April 2008 for the Popolo della Libertà, Berlusconi's alliance. In September of the same year, he was involved (through the confession of a camorra boss, Gaetano Vassallo of allowing illegal treatment of toxic wastes in exchange of a monthly sum of 50,000 Euros. In 2009 magistrates Naples' anti-mafia commission sent to the Chamber of Deputies the request of arrest for Cosentino, but the Chamber's commission refused.
In 2010 Cosentino was also involved in a scandal related to wind energy systems in Sardinia, which led to the discovery of the so-called nuova P2 or P3 ("new Propaganda 2", the latter being a secret masonic lodge of the 1970s-early 1980s, of which Berlusconi was a member). He was called in by several entrepreneurs and Popolo della Libertà politicians. According to Rome's Tribunal, the accuses were:
pressuring the Constitutional court to consider as legitimate the Lodo Alfano (a law which would have saved then prime minister Berlusconi from several of his trials, and which was finally declared invalid)
supporting the readmission of the regional list "Per la Lombardia" in the regional elections in Lombardy. The list had been banned due to use of fake signatures on the petitions that are required for a political party, or list of candidates to be placed on the ballot.
favouring the appointment of Alfonso Marra in the Court of Appeal in Milan
supporting the candidature of Cosentino as governor of Campania through a smear campaign against the other Popolo della Libertà's candidate.
On 14 July 2010, Cosentino resigned as undersecretary of the Italian Ministry of Economy, although he retained the role as regional coordinator of Popolo della Libertà in Campania.
References
External links
Page at Italy' Chamber of Deputies website
"Siamo tutti casalesi", Page at L'espresso website about the accuses of camorra allegiance against Cosentino and the wastes scandal
"Italian govt aide accused of Mafia collusion", page at euronews.net
1959 births
Living people
People from the Province of Caserta
Italian Democratic Socialist Party politicians
Forza Italia politicians
The People of Freedom politicians
Forza Italia (2013) politicians
Deputies of Legislature XIII of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XIV of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XV of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XVI of Italy
Politicians of Campania
The Minister for Education () is the education minister of Sweden and the head of the Ministry of Education and Research.
The current Minister for Education is Anna Ekström of the Social Democrats.
History
As a result of the ministry reform in 1840, the Ministry of Ecclesiastical Affairs () was instituted. The head of the ministry was the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, with the responsibility of culture, the Church of Sweden, research and education. In 1968, the Ministry of Esslesiastical Affairs changed its name to the Ministry of Education and Research (). The head of the Ministry of Education and Research is the Minister for Education.
List of officeholders
Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs (1840—1967)
1840–1840 Albrecht Elof Ihre (1797–1877)
1840–1842 Samuel Grubbe (1786–1853)
1842–1844 Christopher Isac Heurlin (1786–1860)
1844–1848 Fredrik Otto Silfverstolpe (1795–1882)
1848–1852 Paulus Genberg (1811–75)
1852–1855 Henrik Reuterdahl (1795–1870)
1855–1859 Lars Anton Anjou (1803–84)
1859–1860 Henning Hamilton (1814–86)
1860–1863 Carl Johan Thyselius (1811–91)
1863–1870 Fredrik Ferdinand Carlson (1811–87)
1870–1875 Gunnar Wennerberg (1817–1901)
1875–1878 Fredrik Ferdinand Carlson (1811–87)
1878–1880 Carl Gustaf Malmström (1822–1912)
1880–1888 Carl Hammarskjöld (1838–98)
1888–1891 Gunnar Wennerberg (1817–1901)
1891–1898 Gustaf Gilljam (1832–1908)
1898–1902 Nils Claëson (1848–1910)
1902–1905 Carl von Friesen (1846–1905)
1905–1905 Karl Husberg (1854–1928)
1905–1905 Hjalmar Hammarskjöld (1862–1953)
1905–1906 Fridtjuv Berg (1851–1916)
1906–1909 Hugo Hammarskjöld (1845–1937)
1909–1911 Elof Lindström (1863–1924)
1911–1914 Fridtjuv Berg (1851–1916)
1914–1917 Karl Gustaf Westman (1876–1944)
1917–1917 Alexis Hammarström (1858–1936)
1917–1919 Värner Rydén (1878–1930), Social Democratic Party
1919–1920 Olof Olsson (1872–1939), Social Democratic Party
1920–1921 Bengt J:son Bergqvist (1860–1936), independent
1921–1923 Olof Olsson (1872–1939), Social Democratic Party
1923–1924 Sam Clason (1867–1925), Rightist Party
1924–1926 Olof Olsson (1872–1939), Social Democratic Party
1926–1928 John Almkvist (1875–1946), Freeminded People's Party
1928–1930 Claes Lindskog (1870–1954), Rightist Party
1930–1932 Sam Stadener (1872–1937), Freeminded People's Party
1932–1936 Arthur Engberg (1888–1944), Social Democratic Party
1936–1936 Tor Andræ (1885–1947), independent
1936–1939 Arthur Engberg (1888–1944), Social Democratic Party
1939–1944 Gösta Bagge (1882–1951), Rightist Party
1944–1945 Georg Andrén (1890–1969), Rightist Party
1945–1946 Tage Erlander (1901–85), Social Democratic Party
1946–1951 Josef Weijne (1893–1951), Social Democratic Party
1951–1951 Hildur Nygren (1896–1962), Social Democratic Party
1951–1957 Ivar Persson (1901–79), Farmers' League
1957–1967 Ragnar Edenman (1914–98), Social Democratic Party
1967–1967 Olof Palme (1927–86), Social Democratic Party
Minister for Education (1968—present)
Swedish Ministers for Education
Sibylle Boys born Sibylle Illey aka Sibylle, Lady Boys (c. 1370 – after 1455) was an English literary patron.
Life
Boys' birth is estimated to be 1370 based on an estimate of her age eight years later. She was the daughter of Katherine Gymyngham and Sir Robert Illey of Plumstead Parva.
She married Sir Roger Boys of Honing and Ingham and they had two sons.
Her mother died in 1417 leaving a will that said her inheritance was "provided she behaves herself civilly, and did not disturb her executors".
One of her sons, Thomas, died in 1432 and in 1444 her other son, Robert, gave her his power of attorney and he died six years later, leaving a widow, Jane Boys, and a daughter, Katherine. Jane was promised to an administrator named Richard Southwell, but before the marriage could take place she was taken by Robert Langstrother. It retaliation Southwell took possession of the manor of Holme Hale in 1451. Researchers are divided as to whether Jane went willingly with Langstrother to avoid a forced marriage to Southwell, or whether Southwell was the would-be rescuer of Jane taken by force by Langstrother. At the time Sibylle Boys set off for London to claim restitution from the King and his Lords.
She is known to have commissioned two minor poems from the poet John Lydgate these were Epistle to Sibille and Tretise for lauandres.
It is said that Jack Cade's Rebellion's rebellion in 1450 may have added to Boys' poor health as this was the reason why she was unable to attempt a pilgrimage to Rome in 1451. She was concerned about her soul as she mortgaged her manor and the advowsons of the Holme Hale churches to get an obit to be said every year. She had been accused of forgery to deny her son's estate to his widow and she was also accused of not telling the truth.
References
Patrons of literature
1370 births
15th-century deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
14th-century English women
14th-century English people
15th-century English women
15th-century English people
People from Broadland (district)
A chumbox or chumbucket is a form of online advertising that uses a grid of thumbnails and captions to drive traffic to other sites and webpages. This form of advertising is often associated with low quality clickbait links and articles. The term derives from the fishing practice of "chumming", the use of fish meat as a lure for fish.
Overview
Chumboxes became popular during the early 2010s. They are often presented to the reader as additional reading, and use headings such as "around the Web" and "you might like." The use of chumboxes became common on many mainstream websites, including those of CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, and USA Today.
The two largest and most well-known providers of chumbox advertising are currently Outbrain and Taboola. In the mid-2010s, the addition of such ad platforms to large journalism-based sites was said to provide over $10 million per year extra revenue. Casey Newton of The Verge concluded that the ad format was likely to be short lived, similar to schemes such as Groupon; though clickthrough on such ads was in the single-digit percentage region (compared to 0.1% for banner ads), this figure was comparable to that early experienced by banner ads – he expected that as with banner ads, users would eventually come to learn of the low utility of such links, and eventually avoid them.
By the mid-to-late 2016, some websites were re-thinking the use of chumboxes due to the negative impact such low-quality links and content had on their brands, despite the additional income from such links. An analysis of images used in advertising of the kind found that 26% used sexually suggestive or "interruptive" images; often the ads had no relation to the article content, and on occasions were inappropriate or offensive, such as one titled "Meet the Women Making Rape Jokes That Are Actually Funny," placed under an article about teenage rape.
ChangeAdvertising.org's "Clickbait Report" analysed 50 high rank news sites and found that over 80% were using such ads, the majority from Taboola or Outbrain. Many were found to be confusing or misleading in their purpose.
An analysis of images and headlines used in such adverts found a number of basic archetypes used: a sexy image in association with location-based advertisement; reverse aging (skin) treatment based, or "miracle cure"; body shock images (e.g. triggering trypophobia); celebrity gossip based; tattoo-based images, including those simulating body horror or orifices; images of pills, and weight loss.
See also
One weird trick
References
Online advertising methods
The Manhood Peninsula is the southwest of West Sussex in England. It has the English Channel to its south and Chichester to the north.
It is bordered to its west by Chichester Harbour and to its east by Pagham Harbour, its southern headland being Selsey Bill.
It was, including some hinterland, known as the Hundred of Manwood and the name is a corruption of the latter word. Set up in Anglo-Saxon-dominant England it had its own courts and local government, eroded by the charitable and civic functions of the vestry and waxing and waning of the manorial system – the system of hundreds was abolished by Parliament in the 19th century.
Name
The name has changed in its third consonant spoken, and its spellings over the years. Manwed is on the Armada map of 1587, Manhode on a map of 1663 and Manhope on Morden's map of 1695.
The name is probably derived from the Old English gemǣnewudu meaning "woodland held in common". This woodland remained in common until 1793 when were enclosed by Acts of Parliament.
History
The peninsula formed the main part of the Hundred of Manwood, in the Rape of Chichester. The Rape was a county sub-division peculiar to Sussex.
In AD681 St Wilfrid arrived in the land of the South Saxons and spent five years there evangelising them. Æthelwealh, king of the South Saxons, granted land on the Manhood to Wilfrid. However shortly after the South Saxons were conquered by the Kingdom of Wessex and it was their king, Cædwalla who confirmed the land grant of 87 hides that enabled Wilfrid to found the local monastery. The foundation charter AD 673 (? for 683) is actually spurious and probably fabricated in the tenth century at the time of Brihthelm (Bishop of Selsey). It is thought that the motive for the production of a fabricated charter, was to enable Brihthelm to support his claim for the restoration of land, on the Manhood, that had been seized by a third party.
After the Norman conquest the area became a barony, by which tenure the Bishop of Chichester sat as a peer in parliament.
The Hundred was an ancient unit of local administration. At the time of the Domesday Survey, Sussex contained 59 hundreds. The area of each hundred in Sussex would have been approximately , quite small in comparison to other counties where the hundred could be as much as in area. During Norman times the hundred would pay geld (a form of land tax) based on the number of hides. To assess how much everyone had to pay, a clerk and a knight were sent by the king to each county, they sat with the sheriff of the county and a select group of local knights.
There would be two knights from each hundred. After it was determined what geld had to be paid, then the knights of the hundred and the bailiff of the hundred were responsible for getting the money to the sheriff, and the sheriff to the Exchequer.
Possibly from the 10th century onwards, Manwood had its own hundred court and it also dealt with matters that a local authority of today would deal with, such as dispute resolution and highways. At the time of the Domesday Survey the Hundred was known as the Hundred of Westeringes and Somerley with an Earl Roger of Montgomery holding the Hundred of 'Westeringes' ( Wittering), containing Birdham (3½ hides), Itchenor (1 hide), Somerley in East Wittering (1 hide) and East Wittering (1 hide). Roger Montgomery was one of the kingdoms most powerful lords, at the time, with extensive landholdings around the country including nearly all of what is now West Sussex. The Bishop of Chichester (formerly of Selsey) held the Hundred of Somerley with 10 hides in Selsey, 12 in Sidlesham, and 14 in West Wittering.
By the 12th century the two Hundreds became united in the one Hundred of Manwood and was a liberty of the Bishop of Chichester, consisting of the land originally given to St Wilfrid by Cædwalla.
In 1524 the Earl of Arundel was informed by some of his servants that he could claim the right of distraining cattle found in a certain part of Manwood A Hundred. A claim was made by the Earl of Arundel, based on his ownership of the manor of Almodington. To settle the dispute a meeting was held at the Hundred court-house between Robert Sherborne, Bishop of Chichester and John Stilman, the Earl's counsel. The bishop produced the charter of Cædwalla{{efn|Charter S.232 - The (boundary) ran from the entrance of Selsey Harbour (now called Pagham Harbour), round the coast to "Hormouth" at the entrance to Chichester Harbour (now West Wittering); then up the estuary to "Brimesdik" (683) or "Bremerdytch"(1525), (the stream dividing Birdham from Appledram); then eastwards to Wayflete, and from thens in circuit into Made-up-lane (now Jury Lane) and so eastward to Dammer-gate; and so along the dytch unto the said Unredisdytch, (now Bremere Rife, which runs south into Selsey Harbour).}}, which "expressly stated the circuit of the liberties of the Manwooda". When the earl died the bishop continued the case with the earl's son. In 1525 there was a meeting held in an empty barn, in the presence of 300 men including residents of Donnington. After the earl's counsel had compared the bishop's holding with the provisions of the founding charter, under the seal of Cædwalla, it was agreed by the earl's counsel, that the earl had no rights in the matter, and warned the inhabitants of Donnington not to pursue it further. The Henry VIII charter confirmed the boundary of the land, which coincided with the original charter from Cædwalla in favour of St. Wilfrid.
The hundred court of the Bishop of Chichester was held a court-leet on several occasions each year and also administered Manwood Coon and the foreshore rights which were also the possessions of the Bishop. Representatives of the tithings of West Wittering, Thurlwood, Birdham, East Wittering, Almodington, Bracklesham, Sidlesham, Somerley and Selsey. This continued till about 1835 and would have been held at the hundred-moot at Hundredsteddle Farm, Somerley near Birdham. According to The Placenames of Sussex, Somerley is the Old English for a clearing used in summer and an earlier version of steddle was probably staddle, the name Hundredsteddle would be a reference to the floor on which the Hundred court'' would have sat.
In 1561 Elizabeth I passed an act that removed some of the rectories (major church-land interests) from the See of Chichester. They were, as widely done, sold to lay proprietors such as Sir William Morley (1606-1658) who bought that of Selsey for £4,100 in 1635.
List of parishes in the Hundred of Manwood, latterly Manhood
Birdham
Earnley
East Wittering
Selsey
Sidlesham
West Itchenor
West Wittering
East Itchenor, annexed to Birdham in 1441; and Almodington, annexed to Earnley in 1526 were never parishes but merely chapelries. Bracklesham, largely washed away by the sea was finally united to East Wittering in 1518. For purposes of taxation the hundred was divided into four vill—Sidlesham, Selsey, Wittering and Birdham.
The Manhood today
The Hundred , as a judicial and administrative unit was diminished by various acts of parliament in the 19th century. The peninsula is administered by Chichester District Council with the villages and town on the peninsula also having their own local councils.
Many organisations, both commercial and non-commercial, that are based on the Manhood Peninsula have the name Manhood in their title. Some organisations exist to deal with common issues and problems encountered by all on the Manhood, such as the Manhood Peninsula Partnership, a "resident-inspired partnership of local communities, local and national government agencies, and other bodies involved in the Manhood". This was formed in 2001 with Carolyn Cobbold as one of the co-founders.
The Medmerry managed realignment scheme for coastal defence from flooding was completed in 2013. It allows a region near the sea to be flooded to protect the town of Selsey and other buildings further inland. The new wetland has provided new space for tourists as well as a wildlife habitat.
A study by Princeton University and McGill University concluded that the Manhood Peninsula is at particularly high risk of flooding as its topography is less than above the current mean sea level. It is projected that, without improvements to the sea defence infrastructure, by 2050, the district will fall below mean sea level. By 2100, broader areas including the Witterings, Bracklesham, Selsey, Birdham, Almodington and Sidlesham will be subject to permanent inundation. Chichester District Council commissioned a flood risk assessment from consultants JBA. Based on this the council has updated its Strategic Flood Risk Assessment. It was considered necessary to revise the Housing and Employment Land Availability Assessment as a result.
See also
A Hundred of Manhood and Selsey Tramway
List of hundreds of England and Wales
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Climate Resilience and Adaptation – ICZM 2021 and beyond Long term Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) for the Manhood Peninsula
Landforms of West Sussex
History of West Sussex
Hundreds of Sussex
History of Sussex
Peninsulas of England
Peter McDermott (born 11 December 1944) is a former Australian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Australian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Australia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Geelong
Marie Dušková (October 6, 1903 – December 14, 1968) was a Czech poet.
She was a participant of Pracující do literatury (Workers in Literature) and soon became known as an example of working-class literature of the 1950s.
External links
Marie Dušková in the National Library of the Czech Republic catalogue
Czech women writers
Czech poets
1903 births
1968 deaths
20th-century poets
20th-century women writers
FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) is an international high school robotics competition. Each year, teams of high school students, coaches, and mentors work during a six-week period to build robots capable of competing in that year's game that weigh up to . Robots complete tasks such as scoring balls into goals, placing inner tubes onto racks, hanging on bars, and balancing robots on balance beams. The game, along with the required set of tasks, changes annually. While teams are given a kit of standard set of parts during the annual Kickoff, they are also allowed and encouraged to buy or fabricate specialized parts. FIRST Robotics Competition is one of four robotics competition programs organized by FIRST, the other three being FIRST LEGO League Explore, FIRST LEGO League Challenge, and FIRST Tech Challenge.
The culture of FIRST Robotics Competition is built around two values. "Gracious Professionalism" embraces the competition inherent in the program, but rejects trash talk and chest-thumping, instead embracing empathy and respect for other teams. "Coopertition" emphasizes that teams can cooperate and compete at the same time. The goal of the program is to inspire students to be science and technology leaders.
2022 was the 31st year of the competition. 3,225 teams, including more than 80,000 students and 25,000 mentors from 26 countries, built robots. The 2022 season included 58 Regional Competitions, 90 District Qualifying Competitions, and 11 District Championships. In 2022, over 450 teams won slots to attend the FIRST Championship event, where they competed in a tournament. In addition to on-field competition, teams and team members competed for awards recognizing entrepreneurship, creativity, engineering, industrial design, safety, controls, media, quality, and exemplifying the core values of the program. As a result of COVID-19, the amount of active teams decreased during the 2021 season; however, numbers began to increase during the 2022 season.
Most teams reside in the United States, with Canada, Turkey, Mexico, Israel, China, and Australia contributing significant numbers of teams.
History
FIRST was founded in 1989 by inventor and entrepreneur Dean Kamen, with inspiration and assistance from physicist and MIT professor emeritus Woodie Flowers. Kamen was disappointed with the number of kids—particularly women and minorities—who did not consider science and technology careers, and decided to do something about it. As an inventor, he looked for activities that captured the enthusiasm of students, and decided that combining the excitement of sports competition with science and technology had potential.
Distilling what sports had done right into a recipe for engaging young people, Kamen says, turned out to be relatively straightforward. "It's after school, not in school. It's aspirational, not required," he explained to me.
"You don't get quizzes and tests, you go into competitions and get trophies and letters. You don't have teachers, you have coaches. You nurture, you don't judge. You create teamwork between all the participants. We justify sports for teamwork but why, when we do it in the classroom, do we call it cheating?"
Most of all, it was a nonjudgmental space, where in contrast science and math in traditional educational settings had been soured with embarrassment and uncertainty.
Kamen has stated that FIRST is the invention he feels most proud of, and predicts that participants will be responsible for significant technological advances in years to come. The first FIRST Robotics Competition season was in 1992 and had one event at a high school gymnasium in New Hampshire. That first competition was relatively small-scale, similar in size to today's FIRST Tech Challenge and Vex Robotics Competition games. Robots relied on a wired connection to receive data from drivers; in the following year, it quickly transitioned to a wireless system.
Teams
3,225 teams from 26 countries competed in 2022 Rapid React. Of these, 2,859 are "veteran teams" (meaning they have competed in a previous season), and 176 are "rookie teams" (meaning that 2022 was their first season of competition).
The countries represented are listed below: (in decreasing order of number of teams as of 2022)
United States of America (2,646)
Canada (175)
Turkey (105)
Mexico (76)
Israel (57)
China (49)
Australia (35)
Chinese Taipei (35)
Brazil (12)
India (5)
Dominican Republic (3)
Netherlands (3)
Japan (3)
United Kingdom (2)
Poland (2)
Chile (2)
Kazakhstan (2)
Libya (1)
New Zealand (2)
Singapore (2)
Ukraine (1)
Argentina (1)
Colombia (1)
Czech Republic (1)
France (1)
Germany (1)
Indonesia (1)
South Africa (1)
Switzerland (1)
Vietnam (1)
Competition
FIRST Championship
The FIRST Championship is the culmination of the FIRST Robotics Competition season, and occurs in late April each year. Roughly 800 teams participated in two Championship events in 2018, held in April in Houston, Texas and Detroit, Michigan. After the 2022 championships concluded FIRST announced that the world championship would take place at a single location, Houston, Texas, for the 2023 and 2024 seasons.
Media exposure
The PBS documentary "Gearing Up" followed four teams through the 2008 season.
In the television series Dean of Invention, Dean Kamen made appeals promoting FIRST prior to commercial breaks.
In 2008, FRC Team 1114, Simbotics, was featured in an ongoing storyline on the hit Canadian TV drama "Degrassi: Next Generation". Team 1114's 2006-2007 world champion VEX robot made an appearance, as well as their 2008 world champion FRC robot.
During the 2010 FIRST Robotics Competition season, FIRST team 3132, Thunder Down Under, was followed by a Macquarie University student film crew to document the first year of FIRST Robotics Competition in Australia. The crew produced a documentary film called I, Wombot. The film premiered during the 2011 Dungog Film Festival.
A book called The New Cool was written by Neal Bascomb about the story of Team 1717 from Goleta, California as they competed in the 2009 game season. A movie adaptation directed by Michael Bacall is being produced.
The CNN documentary "Don't Fail Me: Education in America", which aired on May 15, 2011, followed three FIRST Robotics Competition teams during the 2011 season. The documentary profiled one student from each team, covering different geographic and socioeconomic levels: Shaan Patel from Team 1403 Cougar Robotics, Maria Castro from Team 842 Falcon Robotics, and Brian Whited from Team 3675 Eagletrons.
On August 14, 2011, ABC aired a special on FIRST called "i.am FIRST: Science is Rock and Roll" that featured many famous musical artists such as The Black Eyed Peas and Willow Smith. will.i.am himself was the executive producer of the special. The program placed a special focus on the FIRST Robotics competition, even though it included segments on the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST LEGO League, and FIRST LEGO League Jr.
From 1996 to 1998, the FIRST Championship was covered by ESPN.
For the 2013 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, five FIRST Robotics Competition teams and their robots led the parade, with one robot cutting the ribbon and the others shooting confetti.
In the 2014 movie Transformers: Age of Extinction, a FIRST Robotics Competition Robot built by Team 2468, Team Appreciate, for the 2012 Season was featured in Cade Yeager's garage shooting the foam basketball game pieces from Rebound Rumble.
The 2015 Kickoff was, for the first time, broadcast by NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast, and was available via OnDemand for the month of January 2015.
In 2016, Christina Li, a member of Team 217, the ThunderChickens, was spotlighted on an episode of Nickelodeon's The Halo Effect entitled "Hello World". A coding camp that Li organized for young girls was featured on the episode, and 217's robot from the 2015 season made an appearance.
The fourth season of The Fosters (2013 TV series) had several episodes featuring characters competing in a regional FIRST Robotics Competition competition, most notably episode 8 "Girl Code".
In June 2018, HBO aired a Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel episode, which in a segment, the correspondent Soledad O'Brien interviewed Dean Kamen about FIRST and FIRST Robotics Competition and then later interviewed students from various FRC teams.
The February 25, 2020 episode of the ABC sitcom Black-ish features recurring character, Jack Johnson, joining a FIRST team—and a cameo by Dean Kamen.
Episode 6 in the second season of the Netflix original series Trinkets featured a FIRST Robotics Competition competition.
On March 18, 2022, Disney+ released a documentary directed by Gillian Jacobs titled "More than Robots", which follows four teams in the 2020 season, leading up to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Notable people
Employees and volunteers
Marc Hodosh, entrepreneur, chairman of the Boston FIRST Robotics Competition competition
Mark Leon, NASA researcher and Master of Ceremonies for several FIRST Robotics Competition events
Mentors
Amir Abo-Shaeer (Team 1717), teacher and engineer, subject of The New Cool
Grant Imahara (Team 841), engineer and roboticist, former cast member of MythBusters
Dave Lavery (Team 116), NASA scientist and former member of the FIRST Robotics Competition Game Design Committee
Games
Gallery
Notes
References
Sources
Michigan robotics champs off to world finals in St. Louis- Detroit Free Press
FIRST Robotics Competition's 2011 Regional Season Is Worth a Look - PCWorld
External links
NASA FIRST Robotics Competition site
For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology
Engineering competitions
1992 in robotics
Recurring events established in 1992
1992 establishments in New Hampshire
Student robotics competitions
The High Commissioner of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands was an official who administered the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (TTPI), a United Nations trusteeship in the Pacific Ocean under the administration of the United States, between 1947 and 1994. The territory consisted of islands captured by America during World War II, prior to which they had been part of the Empire of Japan as the South Seas Mandate, within the Japanese colonial empire. After World War II, United Nations Security Council Resolution 21 placed the territory under the United States trusteeship as the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. The islands are now part of Palau, Northern Mariana Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, and Marshall Islands.
List
The following is a list of the High Commissioner of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, as well as their predecessors during the American occupation of the territory between 1944 and 1947.
(Dates in italics indicate de facto continuation of office)
Palau
Palau continued to be administered by the Office of Territorial and International Affairs (presently the Office of Insular Affairs), a unit of the United States Department of the Interior until May 25, 1994.
Notes
See also
Governor of the South Seas Mandate
Congress of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands
External links
World Statesmen – Micronesia (Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands)
References
Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, High Commissioner
Lists of office-holders
Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, High Commissioner
Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, High Commissioner
Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands
Baréma Bocoum (1914, Mopti – 1973) was a Malian politician and diplomat. Bocoum was the foreign minister of his country from 1961 - 1964. Stade Baréma Bocoum is named after him. Bocoum also served in the French National Assembly from 1956-1958 .
References
External links
1st page on the French National Assembly website
page on the French National Assembly website
1914 births
1973 deaths
People from Mopti Region
People of French West Africa
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain politicians
Foreign Ministers of Mali
Deputies of the 3rd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 1st National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Jean Simon may refer to:
Jean Simon (cyclist), Belgian racing cyclist
Jean Simon (bowls), Guernsey lawn bowler
Jean Henri Simon, Belgian engraver and soldier
Jemima Shore Investigates is a British mystery television series which originally aired in twelve episodes in 1983. It is based on a series of novels by Antonia Fraser about Jemima Shore, a crime-solving television presenter.
Actors who appeared in episodes of the series include Anthony Steel, Constance Cummings, Lysette Anthony, Stratford Johns, Patrick Newell, Tom Baker, Malcolm Stoddard, Michael Balfour, Billy Milton, Hugh Burden, Oliver Cotton, Don Henderson, Bill Nighy, Zena Walker, Brian Cox, Donald Houston, Larry Lamb, Brian Oulton, Derek Francis, Nicholas Le Prevost, George Coulouris and Elizabeth Counsell.
Main cast
Patricia Hodge as Jemima Shore
Sally Watts as Cherry Bronson
Ian Hendry as Cy
Norman Jones as Pompey
Kathleen Worth as Mrs. Bancroft
References
Bibliography
Mitzi Brunsdale. Gumshoes: A Dictionary of Fictional Detectives. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2006.
External links
ITV television dramas
1983 British television series debuts
1983 British television series endings
1980s British drama television series
1980s British mystery television series
1980s British television miniseries
Television series by Fremantle (company)
Television shows produced by Thames Television
English-language television shows
Television shows based on British novels
Abbott Payson Usher (1883 – June 18, 1965) was an American economic historian. The Society for the History of Technology (SHOT) has awarded the Abbot Payson Usher Prize, named in his honor, annually since 1961.
In the late 1920s Usher, the American historian Lewis Mumford and the Swiss art historian Sigfried Giedion began to systematically investigate the social consequences of technology. In A History of Mechanical Inventions Usher argued that technological innovation was a slow, collective process with many contributors, not relying on the genius of great inventors.
In 1963 Usher was awarded the Leonardo da Vinci Medal by the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT). His daughter Miriam Usher Chrisman was a noted historian of the German Reformation.
Publications
(Harvard University Press, 1954; Dover Publications, 1988 )
References
1883 births
1965 deaths
American economic historians
Leonardo da Vinci Medal recipients
The 1980–81 European Cup was the 16th edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 9, 1980, and finished on August 9, 1981.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.
First round
EHC Arosa,
HK Olimpija Ljubljana,
Mannheimer ERC : bye
Second round
HIFK,
Brynäs IF,
Poldi Kladno,
CSKA Moscow : bye
Third round
Final Group
(Urtijëi, Italy)
Final group standings
References
Season 1981
1980–81 in European ice hockey
IIHF European Cup
Morgan's Corner murder was committed by two escaped convicts James Majors and John Palakiko in Nuuanu Valley on the outskirts of Honolulu when they burglarized the home of Therese Wilder on March 11, 1948. They left her bound and gagged, which caused her to suffocate. The two were almost sentenced to death by the court, but were given a stay of execution and sentenced to prison instead. After the incident Morgan's Corner gained a reputation for being haunted.
Morgan's Corner
Morgan's Corner is a bend on Nuuanu Pali Drive that connected Honolulu to Kāneʻohe before it was superseded by Hawaii Route 61. The bend is after a hairpin turn from the Honolulu side of the bend. Morgan's Corner became referred to as a "corner" because the bend curves the road perpendicularly so that from Honolulu one enters the bend from the north and exits to the east or from Kāneʻohe one enters the bend from the east and exits to the north. The namesake came from Dr. James Morgan, who built his villa on the inside of the bend in the 1920s. Wilder's house was opposite Morgan's, south of the bend.
The Murder
At the time of the murder the area was a semirural rainforest. Petty criminals James Majors (19) and John Palakiko (21) escaped a prison work crew on March 10, 1948. The next day they intended to get supplies by burglarizing a neighbor of Therese Wilder (68), widow of William Wilder. The pair were hungry and when they smelled Wilder's cooking they decided to rob her instead. The two men attacked, bound, and gagged Wilder, then left her on her bed. During the struggle Wilder had her jaw broken. She suffocated when she was gagged with a broken jaw. Five days later on March 16 Wilder's gardener Isabelo Escalante and maid Miya Matayoshi found her body.
Outcomes
The Honolulu Board of Supervisors offered a reward for the capture of those responsible for the murder. A few days after the murder, Majors and Palakiko were apprehended. On April 16 they were charged with first-degree murder in the court of Judge Carrick Buck. Majors pleaded not guilty and Palakiko requested to postpone his plea. On June 18 the jury found the men guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced them to death by hanging.
Some Native Hawaiians, local Chinese, and Japanese thought that their sentence showed a double standard in Hawaiian society. In the Massie Case Grace Fortescue, a white woman, had only served an hour-long sentence for the premeditated murder of a Hawaiian man, while Majors and Palakiko did not intend to kill Wilder and were sentenced to death.
On September 13, 1951, Governor Oren Long issued a stay of execution two minutes before the execution when attorney Harriet Bouslog presented evidence the men gave forced confessions. In 1954 Governor Samuel King commuted the men's sentences from death to 90 years in prison. On December 21, 1962 Governor John Burns commuted the men's sentences to probation. Palakiko violated parole and was sent to prison for three years where he died on September 11, 1974. Majors completed parole on December 20, 1968. Majors moved to Maui where spent the rest of his life, dying of natural causes in 2009.
After the murder, Morgan's Corner gained a reputation for being haunted. Stories about the road are often variations on the urban legend known as "The Hook".
References
Murder in Hawaii
Crimes in Hawaii
1948 in Hawaii
1948 murders in the United States
March 1948 events in the United States
Elections to Lancashire County Council were held on 5 May 2005, on the same day as the 2005 general election.
Each single-member ward in Lancashire was modified by boundary changes. No elections were held in Blackpool or Blackburn as they are unitary authorities outside of the county boundaries.
Result
The overall turnout was 60.48% with a total of 523,763 valid votes cast. A total of 4,385 ballots were rejected.
Council composition
Following the election, the composition of the council was:
G - Green Party
I - Independent
IT - Idle Toad
Ward results
Burnley
Burnley Central East
Burnley Central West
Burnley North East
Burnley Rural
Burnley South West
Padiham and Burnley West
Chorley
Chorley East
Chorley North
Chorley Rural East
Chorley Rural North
Chorley Rural West
Chorley South
Chorley West
Fylde
Fylde East
Fylde South
Fylde West
Lytham
St Annes North
St Annes South
Hyndburn
Accrington North
Accrington South
Accrington West
Great Harwood
Oswaldtwistle
Rishton and Clayton-le-Moors
Lancaster
Heysham
Lancaster Central
Lancaster East
Lancaster Rural East
Lancaster Rural North
Lancaster South East
Morecambe North
Morecambe South
Morecambe West
Skerton
Pendle
Brierfield and Nelson North
Nelson South
Pendle Central
Pendle East
Pendle West
West Craven
Preston
Preston Central North
Preston Central South
Preston City
Preston East
Preston North
Preston North East
Preston North West
Preston Rural
Preston South East
Preston West
Ribble Valley
Clitheroe
Longridge with Bowland
Ribble Valley North East
Ribble Valley South West
Rossendale
Rossendale East
Rossendale North
Rossendale South
Rossendale West
Whitworth
South Ribble
Bamber Bridge and Walton-le-Dale
Faringdon
Leyland Central
Leyland South West
Penwortham North
Penwortham South
South Ribble Rural East
South Ribble Rural West
West Lancashire
Ormskirk West
Skelmersdale Central
Skelmersdale East
Skelmersdale West
West Lancashire East
West Lancashire North
West Lancashire South
West Lancashire West
Wyre
Amounderness
Fleetwood East
Fleetwood West
Garstang
Poulton-le-Fylde
Thornton Cleveleys Central
Thornton Cleveleys North
Wyreside
Notes
2005 English local elections
2005
2000s in Lancashire
Omar Abubakar Hambagda (28 July 1949 - 30 May 2016) was a Nigerian politician who was a member of the Senate for the Borno South constituency.
Background
Omar Abubakar Hambagda was born on 28 July 1949. He obtained an MA from the University of Lancaster. He became commissioner for Health (1993) and Education (1999) in Borno State, and was an associate professor and head of business management at the University of Maiduguri.
In 1996, he published a book: Accountability in government: the role of the civil service.
First Senate term 2003-2007
In April 2003, Hambagda ran for the Senate on the Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) ticket and was elected for the Borno South constituency. He was reelected in 2007.
He was a strong contender for the position of Senate Minority leader, but lost to Senator Maina Maaji Lawan of Borno North.
In January 2004, Hambagda announced that the Federal Government would start construction of a 62 kilometre road to link Nigeria with Cameroon and Chad, costing about N800 million. The road, which had been started and abandoned before, would give farmers in Borno State access to the international market.
Senator Hambagda chaired the Executive sub-Committee of the National Assembly on the Review of the Constitution, which recommended approving third term for President Olusegun Obasanjo. In November 2005, he stated that he personally disagreed with this idea.
However, in April 2006, he was stoned and almost lynched by angry youths in the Biu Local Government Area of Borno State who were against a third term for Obasanjo.
Second Senate term 2007-2011
In November 2007, some members of Senator Hambagda's Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions alleged that Senate President David Mark was involved in fraud and impropriety.
Allegations included a N400m renovation contract of the official residence of the President of the Senate and N2.5billion that was smuggled into the 2007 supplementary budget.
In January 2008, Senator Nuhu Aliyu said he had a list of alleged fraudsters in the National Assembly that included at least two committee chairmen in the Senate. Hambagda, as chairman of the Senate Committee on Ethics and Public Petition, said his committee was ready to inquire into the subject without fear or favour.
In February, Senator Aliyu said that after talking to his lawyers he was withdrawing the charge and apologized to the Senate.
In September 2008, the Pan-African Transparent Leadership Centre awarded him the Nelson Mandela Gold Award for his excellent leadership and contributions to society.
In an interview in April 2009, he expressed support for creating a new Savannah State comprising the southern portion of Borno State.
As chairman of the house committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions, he was responsible for a probe of ten senators who went to Ghana in April 2009 on an all-expenses-paid trip for a seminar on the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB), where they may have been influenced by oil companies.
The senate decided to refer the matter to Senator Hambagda's committee on Ethics, Code of Conduct and Privileges, with a directive to beam its hearing live so Nigerians could monitor the hearing.
References
1949 births
Living people
Nigerian Muslims
People from Borno State
Members of the Senate (Nigeria)
All Nigeria Peoples Party politicians
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Dorian Jones (born 27 September) is a Welsh rugby union player, who currently plays for Union Sportive Carcassonnaise in Rugby Pro D2 (France).
During the 21/22 season for US Carcassonne Jones kicked 39/41 of his attempts for goal (95% succession).
Personal
His Brother is Ex-Wales U20s and Wales 7s rugby union player Rhys Jones.
His Father is former Wales international flanker Kingsley Jones.
His Grandfather Phil Kingsley Jones is a former manager of New Zealand rugby union player Jonah Lomu.
References
https://www.southwalesargus.co.uk/news/19877344.ex-dragons-fly-half-dorian-jones-thriving-frances-pro-d2/
https://www.walesonline.co.uk/sport/rugby/rugby-news/only-two-welshmen-left-french-18203750
https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/rugby-union/44255357
https://www.wru.wales/article/dorian-making-the-most-of-french-living/
https://www.walesonline.co.uk/sport/rugby/rugby-news/welsh-rugby-judgement-day-dragons-9109008
External links
Dragons profile
Rugby union players from Abergavenny
Welsh rugby union players
Dragons RFC players
Living people
1991 births
Cross Keys RFC players
Ebbw Vale RFC players
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Welsh expatriate rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
US Carcassonne players
Soyaux Angoulême XV Charente players
Worcester Warriors players
The 1926 Syracuse Orangemen football team represented Syracuse University in the 1926 college football season.
Schedule
References
Syracuse
Syracuse Orange football seasons
Syracuse Orangemen football
Khao Nom Nang (), "female breast mountain", is a high mountain in the Tenasserim Hills in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.
Description
Khao Nom Nang rises above the surrounding limestone hills between Nong Pet and Chong Sadao east of Route 3199. The mountain is in the Erawan National Park area.
See also
List of mountains in Thailand
Breast-shaped hills
References
External links
National Parks of Thailand, Department of National Parks
Geography of Kanchanaburi province
Mountains of Thailand
Tenasserim Hills
Nephopterix concineratella is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Central Asia (it was described in Tarbagatai).
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitini
Pirahmetler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 261 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Earl Muetterties (June 23, 1927 – January 12, 1984), was an American inorganic chemist born in Illinois, who is known for his experimental work with boranes, homogeneous catalysis, heterogeneous catalysis, fluxional processes in organometallic complexes and apicophilicity.
Training
Muetterties earned a bachelor's degree in chemistry at Northwestern University in 1949 and received his doctoral thesis in boron-nitrogen chemistry under Charles Brown and Eugene G. Rochow at Harvard in 1952.
Career
Career at DuPont
Earl Muetterties joined DuPont Central Research Department and was promoted to research supervisor in 1955. His early contributions were on the inorganic fluorine compounds, especially of sulfur and phosphorus. In collaboration with William D. Phillips he exploited NMR for study of dynamic processes in inorganic fluoride compounds. Muetterties's work on boron hydride clusters led to the work on several polyhedral borane anions such as B12H122−. He was an inventor on some basic findings with the polyhedral borate anions. In addition to the polyhedral boranes, the program explored pi-allyl, fluoroalkyl, and boron hydride complexes of the transition metals. Research also extended to stereochemically-non-rigid complexes. In 1965, Muetterties became Associate Director in the DuPont Central Research. In addition to groups in homogeneous and heterogeneous catalysis, groups were established in the synthesis and spectroscopy of organometallic compounds. He was also a prolific inventor.
Academic career
Muetterties's academic ties started with an adjunct professorship in chemistry at Princeton University (1967–1969) and then at the University of Pennsylvania (1969–1973). With the Monell Chemical Senses Center, his research interests extended to mammalian pheromones. After a two-month lectureship at Cambridge University in 1972, he assumed a professorship at Cornell University in 1973, conducting research on organometallic chemistry and homogeneous catalysis, sometimes in collaboration with Roald Hoffman.
In 1979, Muetterties moved to the University of California, Berkeley, where he continued research in homogeneous catalysis and cluster chemistry. At Berkeley he also worked on surface science, and he maintained a research facility at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.
Muetterties helped establish the American Chemical Society journals Inorganic Chemistry and Organometallics. He was on the editorial board of Inorganic Syntheses and edited Volume 10. He also edited books on boron chemistry and transition-metal hydrides and wrote reviews on complexes with unusual coordination numbers. A tribute to Muetterties has also been published.
References
External links
In Memorium: Earl Muetterties Tribute to Earl Muetterties by Roald Hoffman.
Earl Muetterties Visiting Scholars Program at the University of California, Berkeley.
Inorganic chemists
20th-century American chemists
1984 deaths
1927 births
Harvard University alumni
DuPont people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
UC Berkeley College of Chemistry faculty
Cornell University faculty
Directors of DuPont
Northwestern University alumni
Ricardo Moreno Escamilla (February 7, 1937 - June 25, 2008) was a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division. Moreno was ranked #76 on The Ring's list of 100 All-time Greatest Punchers.
Early life
Moreno was born and raised in the mining town of Chalchihuites, Zacatecas, Mexico. He left school to work as a metal breaker at the mines. Later he went to Mexico City where he worked as a parking lot attendant before turning to boxing. He did not fight as an amateur and turned professional at age 17 on June 16, 1954.
Professional career
Known as "Pajarito", Moreno was a heavy puncher, having won 19 of his first 20 fights with all 19 of his wins by KO.
World Featherweight Title
His only shot at a World Championship was on April 1, 1958, Moreno fought the champion Hogan Bassey in Wrigley Field, Los Angeles, California. Ricardo would lose this fight and it would also be Moreno's only shot at a world title due in large part to boxing politics.
After suffering two consecutive defeats in 1967, the 30-year-old Moreno retired. His only victory that wasn't a knockout was a disqualification victory.
Due to his incredible knockout power, Moreno was named to the Ring Magazine's list of 100 Greatest Punchers.
Professional record
|- style="margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%;"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|60 Wins (59 knockouts, 0 decisions, 1 disqualification), 12 Losses (8 knockouts, 4 decisions), 1 Draw
|- style="text-align:center; margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%; background:#e3e3e3;"
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Res.
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Record
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Type
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Rd., Time
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Date
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Location
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Notes
|- align=center
|Loss
|60-12-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Silverio Ortiz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|60-11-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Alex Benitez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|60-10-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Joey Aguilar
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|59-10-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Raul Rojas
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|59-9-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Raul Rojas
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|59-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Victor Robles
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|58-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Tony Vazquez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|57-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Fernando Goncalves
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|56-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Beto Maldonado
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|55-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Danny Kid
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|54-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Trino Savala
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|53-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Manuel Ochoa
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|52-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Luis Echevesta
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|51-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Benny Burton
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|50-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Babby Lopez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|49-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Mexico Solis
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|48-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Ventarron Lara
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|47-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Silverio Ortiz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|46-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jose Miguel Moreno
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|45-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Ray Antunez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|44-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Salve Ortiz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|43-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Lobito Cortez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|42-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Maurillio Kid
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|41-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Tiger Soliz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|40-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Cruz Figueroa
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|39-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Panchito Ortiz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|38-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Teddy Rand
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|37-8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Claudio Adame
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|37-7-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Panchito Villa II
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|36-7-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Hector Garcia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|35-7-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Kid Irapuato
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|35-6-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Kid Anahuac
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|35-5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Luis Sanchez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|34-5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Hector Garcia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|33-5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Pat McCoy
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|32-5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Al Wilcher
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|31-5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Davey Moore
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|31-4-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Frankie Salas
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|30-4-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Rocky Fontanette
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|29-4-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Hogan Kid Bassey
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|29-3-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Ike Chestnut
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|28-3-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jose Luis Cotero
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|28-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Gaetano Annaloro
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|27-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Tommy Bain
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|26-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jesse Mongia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|25-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Sherman Liggins
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|24-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Billy Evans
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|23-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Pappy Gault
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|22-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Frankie Campos
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|21-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Oscar Suarez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|20-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Alejo Mejia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Draw
|19-2-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Kildo Martinez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|19-2
|style="text-align:left;"| Memo Diez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|19-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jorge Gabino Gomez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|18-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Mario Macias
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|17-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Pedro Garcia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|16-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Americo Rivera
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|15-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Aurelio Rivera
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|14-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Mike Cruz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|13-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Fifi Torres
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|12-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Danny Bedolla
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|11-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jorge Gabino Gomez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|10-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Cheto Fernandez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|9-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Pepe Chavarria
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|8-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Babe Gomez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|7-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Jorge Herrera
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|6-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Fernando Garcia
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|5-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Chato Monroy
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Loss
|4-1
|style="text-align:left;"| Nacho Escalante
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|4-0
|style="text-align:left;"| Antonio Coria
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|3-0
|style="text-align:left;"| Sergio Farias
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|2-0
|style="text-align:left;"| Juancito Lopez
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|- align=center
|Win
|1-0
|style="text-align:left;"| Oscar Diaz
|
|
|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|style="text-align:left;"|
|}
Life after boxing
Moreno starred in two films, he even had a relationship with Miss Universe contestant and actress Ana Bertha Lepe.
Mexico still to this day mourns the life of the great Ricardo "Pajarito" Moreno, who as young boxer was turned on to cocaine by the jet set of Mexico. He was duped by movie star weasels, his wealth was stolen, eventually he died a depressed man at the age of 71 at a Rehabilitation Center in Durango.
He is buried in his home town of Chalchihuites in El Panteón Dolores.
References
External links
Boxers from Zacatecas
People from Zacatecas City
Super-featherweight boxers
1937 births
2008 deaths
Mexican male boxers
Nazko may refer to:
Nazko, a community in the Central Interior region of British Columbia
Nazko Cone, a volcano in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada
Nazko River, a river in the Central Interior of British Columbia
Nazko First Nation
Zambia women's national under-17 football team, nicknamed the Junior She-polopolo, represents the country in international under-17 matches. The team has participated in FIFA sanctioned events, including U-17 World Cup qualifiers.
Background
Zambia women's national under-17 football team is nicknamed the Junior She-polopolo. The team's official kit colours include green shorts, a green jersey and green socks. Women's football was formally organised by the Football Association of Zambia in 1983. Since that time, Zambia has created a women's senior national team and an under-20 team. Women's football continues to be supported by the national federation who have budgeted money for the women's game and youth game. In 2009, there were 100 women's teams for players over 16, and 112 youth women's teams for players under 16.
Women's football in Africa as a whole faces problems that include limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality football players are produced in Africa, often they leave the country to seek greater opportunities elsewhere, to the detriment of the local game. Funding also is a problem for the women's game in Africa, with most of the funding for women's football in the Africa coming from FIFA, not the local national football association.
Performance
Zambia women's national under-17 football team has competed in several competitions representing their country, including in the qualifying part of the FIFA U-17 World Cup, and the African Women U-17 Championships.
The team participated in the 2008, 2010 and 2012 African qualification tournaments for the FIFA U-17 World Cup. Zambia women's national under-17 football team participated in the 2008 African Women U-17 Championship. In the preliminary round, they played Ghana women's national under-17 football team. In the 3 February match in Lusaka, they lost 0–2. In the 17 February match in Accra, Zambia lost 0–4.
The 2012 season coach was Beauty Mwamba. The assistant coach was Angela Sunga. This team competed in the Confederation of African Football qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup that will be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012. They did not advance out of their region. In the early rounds, Zambia played Botswana women's national under-17 football team in Gaborone, beating them 5–1. In the return match against Botswana in Lusaka, Zambia won 2–0. During qualification, Zambia played Nigeria, losing 1–2 at home and 0–5 in Nigeria. Zambian officials suspected that the Nigerian team cheated by having age ineligible players on their squad. The national federation would have liked to appear the decision but it would have cost US$2,000 (K10 million) and they did not have the money to make the appeal. The loss also brought to question continued support by the Football Association of Zambia to support the team.
Competitive record
FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
See also
Zambia national under-17 football team
Zambia national under-20 football team
References
External links
Twitter: Zambia football
women
Women's national under-17 association football teams
African national under-17 association football teams
USS Okala (ARST-2) was a of the United States Navy.
Service history
She was laid down on 1 December 1944 as LST-1099 by the Jeffersonville Boat and Machine Company in Jeffersonville, Indiana. She was named Okala on 23 December 1944 and commissioned on 28 June 1945 with Lieutenant Louis Silver commanding.
After a monthlong shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, Okala transited the Panama Canal and steamed to Buckner Bay in Okinawa on 27 September. She was based there until transfer to Yokosuka in late November. She sailed to Seattle on 25 March 1946 and was decommissioned there on 5 August 1946, struck on 15 October 1946 and sold 25 July 1947.
References
1945 ships
Laysan Island class salvage craft tenders
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Jeffersonville, Indiana
Hendriks is a Dutch patronymic surname. Notable people with the surname include:
A. L. Hendriks (1922–1992), Jamaican poet, writer, and broadcasting director
Arnoud Hendriks (born 1949), Dutch figure skater
Berend Hendriks (1918–1997), Dutch artist
Eileen Hendriks (1887–1978), British geologist
Geoff Hendriks (born 1959), Australian rules footballer
Irene Hendriks (born 1958), Dutch field hockey player
Jackie Hendriks (born 1933), Jamaican cricketer
Jake Hendriks (born 1981), English television actor
Jan Hendriks (1928–1991), German actor
Jean Hendriks (1925–2015), Dutch politician
Jerry Hendriks (born 1988), Dutch darts player
Jimmy Hendriks (born 1994), Dutch darts player
Joan Hendriks (born 1936), Australian indigenous rights activist
Johannes Willibrordus Maria Hendriks (born 1954), Dutch auxiliary bishop
Kaj Hendriks (born 1987), Dutch rower
Leo Hendriks (born 1983), Dutch darts player
Liam Hendriks (born 1989), Australian baseball player
Maurits Hendriks (born 1961), Dutch field hockey coach
Pieter Hendriks (born 1970), South African rugby union player
Sam Hendriks (born 1995), Dutch football player
Theo Hendriks (1928–2015), Dutch politician
Thijs Hendriks (born 1985), Dutch football player
See also
Jimi Hendrix
Hendric
Hendrick (disambiguation)
Hendricks (disambiguation)
Hendrickx
Hendrik (disambiguation)
Hendrikse
Hendriksen
Hendrikx
Hendrix (disambiguation)
Hendryx
Henrik
Henry (disambiguation)
Henryk (given name)
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Richard Gordon Perdue (13 February 1910 – 8 August 1998) was an Anglican bishop.
Perdue was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and ordained in 1934. After curacies at Drumcondra and Rathmines he was the incumbent at Castledermot and then Archdeacon of Killaloe and Kilfenora. He was ordained to the episcopate as the Bishop of Killaloe, Kilfenora, Clonfert and Kilmacduagh in 1953 and translated to be the Bishop of Cork, Cloyne and Ross in 1957. He retired in 1978.
References
1910 births
1998 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Archdeacons of Killaloe
Bishops of Killaloe and Clonfert
Bishops of Cork, Cloyne and Ross
20th-century Anglican bishops in Ireland
Gordon B. Davidson (June 24, 1926 – July 17, 2015) was a Louisville, Kentucky-based business attorney, and a member of the Louisville Sponsoring Group, the collection of business leaders who put up the money that launched Muhammad Ali into professional boxing.
Background
Davidson was a lifelong resident of Louisville, Kentucky, who was born there on June 24, 1926. He attended Centre College in Danville, Kentucky. Davidson earned his J.D. from University of Louisville Louis D. Brandeis School of Law, as well as a LL.M. from Yale Law School in 1952. He was admitted to the Bar of the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1951.
Career
From 1954 to 1955, Davidson was a law clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stanley Forman Reed. He and other clerks did research on the Brown vs. Board of Education desegregation litigation.
In 1960, Davidson was part of the Louisville Sponsoring Group, who was responsible for signing Muhammad Ali to boxing. The contract was signed on October 26, 1960, and Ali's first professional fight took place three days later, on October 29, 1960.
Mr. Davidson served as managing partner at Wyatt, Tarrant & Combs from 1980 to 1995.
Community activities
Davidson served on the board of important companies, including The Courier-Journal and BellSouth. He held leadership positions on the boards of a civic, charitable and educational institutions: Greater Louisville Inc., Louisville Central Area, Kentucky Derby Festival, and the Louisville Development Committee.
After numerous years of leadership for the Kentucky Center for the Arts,
he was a Director Emeritus for the organization.
In 1973, he was named as an Outstanding Louisville Alumni for Centre College for his devotion to the school and his distinguished career.
In 1989, the Louisville Area Chamber of Commerce bestowed on Davidson its top civic-service award, the Gold Cup, for his leadership at a number of major arts and civic organizations in the region.
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 6)
References
1926 births
2015 deaths
Centre College alumni
Kentucky lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Lawyers from Louisville, Kentucky
University of Louisville School of Law alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Jovica Arsić (; November 3, 1968) is a Serbian professional basketball coach.
Coaching career
On April 9, 2018, Arsić was named as the head coach for Borac Čačak. Borac parted ways with him in June 2019. On June 17, 2019, Arsić was named as the head coach for Balkan Botevgrad of the Bulgarian NBL.
References
Living people
1968 births
KK Borac Čačak coaches
KK Lavovi 063 coaches
KK Vojvodina Srbijagas coaches
KK Zdravlje coaches
Serbian men's basketball coaches
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Bulgaria
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Romania
Serbian expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Ukraine
Sportspeople from Leskovac
is the twenty-fifth single by Japanese artist Masaharu Fukuyama. It was released on 16 December 2009. has a tied in with Toshiba Regza Fall/Winter CM. "On and On 09'" is the re-worked version of "On and On," which was performed in Mischishirube 20th Anniversary Tour. is an instrumental piece used in Dunlop CM. This single was released in three versions- Limited Edition T-shirt, (designed by Lily Franky), Limited Edition DVD (which includes the PV for Hatsukoi) and Normal Edition. Fukuyama decided to release "Hatsukoi" as a single due to the public demands. He also performed the song in NHK's Kōhaku Uta Gassen, live via satellite from Glover Garden in Nagasaki.
Track listing
CD
(First Love)
On and On 09
(Dreams of Ammonite)
(original karaoke)
On and On 09 (original karaoke)
Limited Edition DVD
(Music Clip)
Charts
References
2009 singles
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
Masaharu Fukuyama songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
RIAJ Digital Track Chart number-one singles
2009 songs
Riccardo Bonadio and Giovanni Fonio were the defending champions but withdrew from the tournament before their quarterfinal match.
Hsu Yu-hsiou and Oleksii Krutykh won the title after defeating Sanjar Fayziev and Markos Kalovelonis 6–1, 7–6(7–5) in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Antalya Challenger IV - Doubles
Aurélien Bayard Chedjou Fongang (; born 20 June 1985) is a retired Cameroonian professional footballer who played as a centre back for LOSC Lille, Galatasaray, Bursaspor, Adana Demirspor and the Cameroon national team.
Club career
Chedjou signed for Lille at the start of the 2007–08 season, and over five years made over 150 league appearances for the club, helping them to a third Ligue 1 title and Coupe de France success in 2011. He scored his first UEFA Europa League goal on 21 October 2010 against Levski Sofia after a Stéphane Dumont assist to help his team to a 1–0 win.
Chedjou's performances with Lille have led to him being scouted by several prominent European clubs, with both Newcastle United and Valencia declaring their interest in the player.
On 25 May 2013, Chedjou passed his medical and signed for four years with Galatasaray.
In 2013–14, Chedjou played every minute of Galatasaray's UEFA Champions League campaign, scoring in the round of 16 home leg against Chelsea.
Chedjou made 119 appearances during a four-year stint with Galatasaray that saw him win the league title in 2015 and three straight Turkish FA Cup titles in 2014, 2015 and 2016 as well as three Turkish Super Cups in 2013, 2015 and 2016.
In the summer of 2017 Chedjou joined Istanbul Basaksehir on a free transfer. However, he broke his ankle in the pre-season preparatory camp and had to wait for his debut.
On 2 September 2019, he signed two-year contract with Amiens SC.
Club statistics
.
12011 Trophée des Champions notice: Including 1 competitive competitions.
International goals
|-
| 1. || 8 September 2013 || Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo, Yaoundé || || || || 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification
|}
International career
Represented the national team at 2010 Africa Cup of Nations when his team advanced to the quarterfinals. as well as the 2014 World Cup in Brasil.
Honours
Lille
Ligue 1: 2010–11
Coupe de France: 2011
Galatasaray
Süper Lig: 2014–15
Turkish Cup: 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16
Turkish Super Cup: 2013, 2015, 2016
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
2010 Africa Cup of Nations players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
AJ Auxerre players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Bursaspor footballers
Cameroon international footballers
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Cameroonian footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
FC Rouen players
Footballers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
İstanbul Başakşehir F.K. players
Kadji Sports Academy players
Ligue 1 players
Lille OSC players
Olympic footballers of Cameroon
Pau FC players
Sportspeople from Douala
Süper Lig players
Arthur John Gimblett (1889–1957) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a winger.
References
1889 births
1957 deaths
Footballers from Merthyr Tydfil
Welsh footballers
Association football wingers
Merthyr Town F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
The Fremont Valley is a valley located in the western Mojave Desert of California.
It stretches from the town of Mojave approximately 70 km northeast to the foothills of the Lava Mountains and Summit Range.
The valley is home to Koehn Dry Lake and the Desert Tortoise Natural Area, as well as the communities of California City and Cantil, California.
The Rand Mountains are at the eastern edge of the Fremont Valley
See also
Category: Valleys of the Mojave Desert
References
California Road and Recreation Atlas, 2005, pp. 94 & 95
Valleys of the Mojave Desert
Valleys of Kern County, California
Valleys of California
Hobart Carnegie Library, also known as the Hobart Historical Society Museum, is a historic Carnegie library located at Hobart, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1914-1915, and is a one-story, Tudor Revival style brick building. The building has a high-pitched slate gable roof and a polygonal bay with leaded glass windows and entry porch. The building was constructed with a $16,000 grant from the Carnegie Foundation.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The Hobart Public Library is the first public library in Hobart, Indiana. It holds two significant features, it is a Carnegie library and the only Tudor Revival structure in Hobart.
The Women's Reading Club of Hobart was granted $16,000 from the Carnegie Corporation in 1914-15. A. F. Wickes, an Illinois-born architect designed during a ten-year period of residency in Gary. Ingwald Moe who had emigrated from Norway in 1906 to Gary was hired to build the library. He created a large construction company. His company built many buildings for Indiana Steel, a subsidiary of U.S. Steel, and the Gary Methodist Hospital and the Palace Theater.
The Hobart Library is patterned after Floor Plan "A" as shown in "Notes on Library Buildings," a pamphlet supplied by the Carnegie Corporation. Carnegie had created the pamphlet as libraries were not common and standards were not common at this time.
Recommendations on window placement and basement construction were followed. Exterior appearance was not specifically stated, other than the limiting of ornate or expensive features. There is no specific information regarding the use of the Tudor Revival design. It is the only known example of Tudor Revival in Hobart.
In 1968, the library built a larger building elsewhere and sold the Carnegie building to the Hobart Historical Society. It is now a museum.
Description
The building is rectangular with a high-pitched gable roof. On the south is a small gabled bay and entry porch. It is a brick structure with a slate roof in a Tudor Revival style. The roofline is outlined by an ogee-shaped cornice with returns. The brickwork is a Flemish bond, with decorative coursing in the foundation area. The double chimney is corbelled on the east facade. The main entry is on the south next to the bay window. A small porch extends from the main roof over the door. East of the entry is a polygonal bay window, with five, large, leaded glass windows. Each window has a stained glass flower decoration. The brickwork is intricate limestone trim. The bay window is topped by a gable in a half-timbered design with quatrefoil decorative elements.
The west façade was built with a Palladian style window grouping and a circular ventilator in the gable area. A later addition to provide access to the basement area has altered this façade. A 1969 addition on the north façade used concrete block.
The basement is a one-half story above grade designed for lectures and meetings. The main floor is one large room. The east end was designated the children's reading room, while west end was reserved for adults. The librarian was located opposite the main door. The Carnegie floor plan "A" places windows high in the walls, to provide for bookshelves below. The east end has a fireplace center on the wall, was considered a waste of space for bookshelves. The woodwork and bookcases were of oak.
See also
List of Carnegie libraries in Indiana
References
Bibliography
George S. Bobinski; Carnegie libraries: Their History and Impact on American Public Library Development; Chicago, American Library Assn., 1969. Hobart Gazette. January 15, 1915, Page 1
William F. Howat; A Standard History of Lake County, Indiana. Chicago, Lewis, 1915,
Thomas H. Cannon and others; History of the Lake and Calumet Region of Indiana, Indianapolis, Historians' Assn., 1927
Carnegie libraries in Indiana
History museums in Indiana
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Library buildings completed in 1915
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
1915 establishments in Indiana
Kenny vs. Spenny: Versusville is a first-person shooter based on the cult classic television show Kenny vs. Spenny. The game was developed by DC Studios alongside newly acquired members from Dream Mechanics, and was published by Breakthrough Entertainment. The game was released some time between June 19, 2004 and July 4, 2004, as is evident from captures of Kenny vs. Spenny website on the Wayback Machine.
The game was considered lost media ever since 2006 when the television show Kenny vs. Spenny moved from the CBC to Showcase. However, on November 4, 2021, Versusville was found by Reddit archivists Ben, Carson, John, and Metalock and has since been made available on https://versusville.com/ with permission from Kenny Hotz, Ira Levy and Mark Greenshields.
Gameplay
Kenny vs. Spenny: Versusville contains 4 main game modes, with each having a unique gameplay style and 3 of which having once supported online multiplayer. Each game can be played from a first-person or third-person perspective.
Residence Evil
A singleplayer-exclusive stealth game mode that originally acted as a tutorial, requiring the player to complete it in order to unlock the other 3 game modes. The map is a rough recreation of the house from Season One, where the player must open the vault without getting caught by Kenny or Spenny.
Eventually a v2 was released, which no longer required the player to beat Residence Evil in order to unlock the other game modes.
Wasteball
A multiplayer shooter where players would compete in slime-filled matches. The map is described as a disused building that has been transformed into a chemical waste paintball arena.
Grave Rave
A multiplayer shooter where players must throw zombie parts in order to dispatch each other. The map is described as a late night cemetery filled with a gruesome array of weapons.
Kart Dart
A multiplayer racing game where players must complete a certain amount of laps and end with the most points. The vehicles are a selection of different shopping carts, with 3 unique maps all based on food markets.
Awards
|-
! scope="row" | 2005
| Kenny vs. Spenny: Versusville
| Canadian New Media Award's Excellence in Gaming
|
References
First-person shooters
Vancouver is the only municipality in Canada that enacts its own building codes. Other cities instead use the National Building Code of Canada and the provincial codes that are derived from it. Vancouver's code is also derived from these but includes some local changes. The current code was enacted on November 1, 2019 (Building By-law No. 12511).
External links
General Information on the VBBL
https://www.bccodes.ca/vancouver-bylaws.html
Standards of Canada
British Columbia law
Municipal government of Vancouver
Building codes
Hydarnes (), also known as Hydarnes the Elder, was a Persian nobleman, who was one of the seven conspirators who overthrew the Pseudo-Smerdis. His name is the Greek transliteration of the Old Persian name Vidṛna, which may have meant "he who knows the guilt/wrong".
He was seemingly good friends with Aspathines, who invited him to join the conspiracy, which included the noblemen Intaphernes, Otanes, Gobryas, Megabyzus, and the Achaemenid prince Darius, who was its leader. For his services, Hydarnes was seemingly given the Achaemenid satrapy of Armenia as a semi-hereditary fief, since his descendants governed it until the Hellenistic period. Orontes I (died 344 BC), the ancestor of the Orontid dynasty, was descended from Hydarnes. According to some Persepolis tablets, Hydarnes served as the satrap of Media under Darius.
Hydarnes was survived by two sons, Hydarnes the Younger and Sisamnes, who both served as commanders under Darius' son and successor, Xerxes I ().
References
Sources
5th-century BC Iranian people
6th-century BC Iranian people
Achaemenid satraps of Media
Officials of Darius the Great
The MPI HSP46 is a four-axle AC-traction diesel-electric locomotive for commuter trains, designed and assembled by MotivePower. It meets EPA Tier 3 emissions standards. The launch customer is the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA), whose first unit entered revenue service in April 2014.
Design
The locomotives are powered by GE GEVO-12 diesel engines from GE Transportation Systems, equipped with a static inverter for head end power, and capable of meeting the stringent new Tier 3 emissions regulations. AC traction systems, prime movers, head end power equipment, and computer systems are supplied by GE, while MPI supplies the brake systems, air systems, and cooling systems.
The locomotive was styled by industrial designer Cesar Vergara, who also designed the GE Genesis.
History
In the mid-2000s the MBTA issued a request for proposal for new diesel locomotives to replace its aging fleet, much of which dated to the late 1970s. Two firms responded: Vossloh España S.A. and MotivePower. MBTA selected Vossloh, but the Federal Transit Administration rejected the MBTA's request for a "Buy America Act" waiver because the MBTA "has not identified a significant technological difference between locomotives produced by Vossloh and MotivePower", and that it has "not established sufficient grounds for a public interest waiver". MBTA turned to MotivePower, and ordered 20 new HSP46 locomotives on July 14, 2010, at a cost of $114.6 million.
On July 27, 2011, the MBTA released images of a new paint scheme for the authority's HSP46 fleet. It was chosen by the general public in an online survey.
On July 11, 2012, the MBTA Board voted to approve the first option for 7 locomotives, bringing the order total to 27 units. On April 10, 2013, the Board approved the purchase of the remaining 13 option locomotives, bringing the current order total to 40 units (2000–2039), at a total cost of $240 million.
On October 24, 2013, the first pilot unit, No. 2001, was delivered to the MBTA Commuter Rail Maintenance Facility to begin testing and training. Two other pilot units were also released from MotivePower: No. 2000 to GE's Test Facility in Erie, Pennsylvania, and No. 2003 to the Transportation Technology Center test facility in Pueblo, Colorado. Only No. 2001 was given the MBTA paint scheme; the other two test units were unpainted.
On April 16, 2014, No. 2001 entered revenue service, with its first round trip taking place on the Haverhill Line. , 36 of the 40 locomotives are in service. En route to the MBTA, the locomotives were sent to the Providence and Worcester Railroad, which is subcontracted to MPI to prepare the units for revenue service.
In August 2014, MPI discovered that some traction motor bearings had been shipped improperly to their factory, causing early failures. Locomotives already delivered to the MBTA were repaired on-site, while half of the locomotives were redirected to Altoona Works during delivery for replacement bearings to be installed. The issues were not disclosed to the press until January 2015. While the repairs were performed under warranty at no cost to the MBTA, they constituted an additional delay that prevented some of the units from entering service before the end of 2015. The multiple delays and early mechanical issues have raised concern from industry commentators about the MBTA's procurement process and the overall quality of the locomotives.
Despite the repairs, the HSP46s have continued to experience mechanical problems. Turbochargers failed in several locomotives beginning in Fall 2016, and will have to be replaced fleet-wide. Fleet availability fell to 27 of 40 in early April 2017.
References
External links
MotivePower, Inc.
GE Transportation
HSP46 spec sheet
MPI locomotives
B-B locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Diesel-electric locomotives of the United States
EPA Tier 3-compliant locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 2013
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Bezdědice is a village in the Beroun District, Czech Republic. It is an administrative part of a town of Hostomice. There are 58 registered addresses, with a total of 60 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in the Beroun District
Neighbourhoods in the Czech Republic
The flag of Mohéli is a yellow field with a red star. It is similar to the flag of Vietnam. It was adopted in 2003. It replaced the previous flag, which was adopted when Mohéli became an autonomous island in 2002.
Mohéli separatists formerly flew plain a red flag with a yellow hoist, based on the flag used during the reign of Sultan Jumbe Fatima bint Abderremane in the 19th century.
Historical Flags
Notes
External links
Flag
Comorian culture
Flags of Africa
Flags introduced in 2003
The campo flicker (Colaptes campestris) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family. It is found in a wide range of open and semi-open habitats in eastern Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and northeastern Argentina, with isolated populations in Amapá and southern Suriname. Though it frequently can be seen in trees or bushes, it is among the very few woodpeckers that spends a significant portion of its life on the ground. It breeds in holes in trees, termite mounds or earth banks. It is generally common and therefore considered to be of the least concern by IUCN.
The southern population has a white throat (instead of a black throat) and is sometimes considered a separate species, the pampas flicker (Colaptes campestroides).
Focusing on the breeding aspect of campo flickers, they are "predominantly monogamous in both cooperative group and socially monogamous pairs, but in several cooperative groups, auxiliary females contributed eggs to the next” (Dias et al. 2013). Overall, the studies showed a complex social system in the species with high reproductive conflicts both within and among groups, both due to the new potential breeder or through the effect of group size.
References
3. Dias, Raphael Igor; Webster, Michael S.; Goedert, Débora; Macedo, Regina H. (2013-11). "Cooperative Breeding in the Campo Flicker I". The Condor. 115 (4): 847–854. doi:10.1525/cond.2013.120142. ISSN 0010-5422.
Length: 11.02-12.20 in. (28–31 cm) / Weight: 0.31 lb-0.42 lb (145-192 g)
External links
Colaptes campestris at neotropical.birds.cornell.edu, Archived
Campo flicker at arkive.org, Archivvary
Campo flicker
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of the Cerrado
Campo flicker
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Liskincon is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Omagh East and the civil parish of Termonmaguirk and covers an area of 96 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: Lios Cinn Con (fort of the dog's head).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 70 people (12 houses) and in 1851 it was 52 people (11 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Rath (grid ref: H5629 6763).
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
Civil parish of Termonmaguirk
Skyfire () is a 2019 Chinese disaster action film about a volcanic eruption at a resort. It is directed by Simon West, written by Wei Bu and Sidney King, and stars Wang Xueqi, Hannah Quinlivan, Shawn Dou, and Jason Isaacs.
Cast
Wang Xueqi as Wentao Li
Hannah Quinlivan as Meng Li
Shawn Dou as Zhengnan Xiao
Jason Isaacs as Jack Harris
Bee Rogers as Young Meng Li
Production
The film is China's first big-budget disaster film, and producer Jennifer Dong expressed hope that it would be a "breakout film" for the genre in China the way The Wandering Earth was for science fiction. The costume for the movie was designed by Vera Chow. The helmet design for Hannah Quinlivan was provided by the Indian fashion studio The V Renaissance.
Two versions of the movie were filmed, one in Chinese and one in English, but a member of the production team said that the acting was more natural in the Chinese version and thought that the English version would not be used.
Release
Though originally scheduled to be released in July 2019, it debuted in China on December 12, 2019, and ranked #1 at the box office on opening day.
Future
Skyfire was intended to be the first film in a trilogy.
References
External links
Official Trailer (English)
2019 films
2019 action films
2010s disaster films
Chinese action films
Chinese disaster films
Disaster action films
Films directed by Simon West
Films scored by Pinar Toprak
2010s Mandarin-language films
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Allen County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Allen County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in an online map.
There are 73 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks. Another 3 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Adams, Defiance (OH), DeKalb, Huntington, Noble, Paulding (OH), Van Wert (OH), Wells, Whitley
List of Indiana state historical markers in Allen County
References
Allen
Cyril Hopkins (4 May 1882 – 25 September 1968) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played nine first-class matches for Otago between 1908 and 1913. His brother Bert played Test cricket for Australia.
In 1911-12 Hopkins became the first Otago batsman to score a century against Canterbury, though the annual first-class match between the two had been held since 1863–64. Opening the batting, he scored 132, exactly double the next-highest score in the match, but Canterbury won by three wickets.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1882 births
1968 deaths
People from Yass
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government Is Smarter is a 2013 book from Stanford University Press by George Mason University law professor Ilya Somin. Somin argues that people are ignorant and irrational about politics and that this creates problems for democracy. He further claims that this consideration argues in favor of smaller and more decentralized government.
A revised and expanded edition of the book was published in 2016. It includes new material on a variety of issues, including discussions of the "Big Sort" and its implications for "voting with your feet," the connection between political ignorance and the disproportionate political influence of the wealthy, new proposals for increasing political knowledge, and up-to-date survey data on political ignorance from recent elections. The book has also been published in Italian and Japanese translations.
Themes
Somin published a series of guest posts on the Balkinization blog outlining the key themes of his book.
Reception
Book reviews
Jack Shafer reviewed the book on his Reuters blog and discussed its implications for the role of mass media in democracy. Christopher Schmidt reviewed the book on his blog, part of the IIT Chicago-Kent Law blog network. A. Barton Hinkle reviewed the book for the Richmond Times-Dispatch. John David Dyche reviewed the book for WDRB. The book was also reviewed on Book Bargains and Previews.
Political commentator George Will reviewed the book favorably in an op-ed in The Washington Post.
Philosopher Jason Brennan briefly reviewed Somin's book on the Bleeding Heart Libertarians blog, ending with a strong recommendation to buy the book. Donald Boudreaux also offered a brief review and strong recommendation of the book on his blog, Cafe Hayek.
Discussions
Somin defended the thesis of his book in the lead essay of Cato Unbound in October 2013. Other participants in the exchange included Heather Gerken, Jeffrey Friedman, and Sean Trende. Gerken's response essay used the fox versus hedgehog distinction, arguing that Somin's ideal voter was a fox, whereas David Schleicher's work stressed that voters tended to be hedgehogs and use their party affiliation as an informational shortcut. Sean Trende argued that despite their ignorance, voters get the important things right. Jeffrey Friedman agreed that voters are ignorant, but claimed that rational ignorance was not the correct explanation of the phenomenon. Rather, he claimed that voters had a simplistic model of the world. Somin responded to all his critics and there was some further exchange of views between the participants.
The Cato Institute organized a book event to discuss the book, scheduled for November 6, 2013. Participants at the event included Somin, John M. Sides of George Washington University, and John Samples of the Cato Institute.
Other mentions
An article in Manila Times discussed Somin's book in the context of political protest movements in the Philippines.
References
Political books
The Himalayan flameback (Dinopium shorii), also known as the Himalayan goldenback, is a species of bird in the family Picidae. At the moment very little is known of this species and more fieldwork is required. The Himalayan flameback is not threatened but it is suspected that deforestation could severely affect the species population.
Description
The Himalayan flameback is very similar in appearance to the Greater Goldenback (Chrysocolaptes lucidus), but is not at all closely related. The primary difference is its smaller size and bill. The Himalayan flameback can be identified by: their black hind neck, the brownish centre on their throat, that can go down the breast on some and is bordered by an irregular black spotting. They also have an indistinct divided moustachial stripe, the centre of which is brownish and sometimes reddish in males. The Himalayan flameback also has ether reddish or brown eye and three toes. The breast of the Himalayan flameback is irregularly streaked with black but on occasion completely white. Their wings are coppery brown to red in colour. Lastly the males have a yellowish-red forehead that becomes more red on the crest. In contrast, the female's crest is entirely black streaked with white. In both sexes the crest is bordered by white and black bands on either side of their head.
Taxonomy
Part of the family Picidae and the genus Dinopium which consists of woodpeckers with only three toes, the Himalayan flameback forms a super species with the Common flameback. There are also two recognized sub-species within Himalayan flameback, D.s. shorii and D.s. anguste. The sister species of the Himalayan flameback are Meiglyptes tristis and Celeus brachyurus.
Distribution and habitat
Himalayan Flamebacks are commonly found in the Indian subcontinent, primarily in the lower-to-middle altitudes of the Himalayan sal forest region. Its range spans across Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Myanmar, and Nepal, where they are year-round residents. A disjunct population also occurs in south-eastern Ghats. The Himalayan flameback's habitat mainly compromises of mature tropical/subtropical deciduous forests as well as semi-evergreen forests. They prefer lowland Ficus and Bombax forest.
Behaviour
Vocalization
The Himalayan flameback's call is a series of rapidly repeated klak-klak-klak-klak-klak. The call is slower and softer than the Greater Goldenback.
Diet
The diet of Himalayan flamebacks is poorly known. They manly flock and feed together with other birds such as the Greater Goldenback. It is assumed that their primary prey is arthropod insects the same as many other woodpecker species.
Reproduction
Very little know of their breeding habits. What is known is that they breed from March to May and nest in excavated holes in trees. Their clutch size is 2–3 eggs.
References
External links
Vocolizations - xeno-canto
Himalayan flamback video and photos at the Internet Bird Collection
Himalayan flameback
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of India
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Nepal
Himalayan flameback
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
HMS Captain was a 70-gun third rate built at Woolwich Dockyard in 1677/78. After sitting in Ordinary for ten years she was in active commission for the War of the English Succession fighting at Beachy Head and Barfleur. She was in Ordinary until 1706 when she was rebuilt. She was in active commission for the last half of the War of Spanish Succession but fought in no major engagements. She was at the Battle of Passero I 1718. She was rebuilt in 1720/22. She made two forays in to the Baltic though the bulk of her late career was spent as guardship at Portsmouth. She was hulked in 1740 and finally broken in 1762.
She was the first vessel to bear the name Captain in the English and Royal Navy.
HMS Captain was awarded the Battle Honour Barfleur 1692 and Passero 1718.
Construction and Specifications
She was ordered on 9 June 1677 to be built at Woolwich Dockyard under the guidance of Master Shipwright Phineas Pett (until February 1678) then completed by Thomas Shish. She was launched in 1678. Her dimensions were a gundeck of with a keel of for tonnage calculation with a breadth of and a depth of hold of . Her builder's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,041 tons (burthen). Her draught was .
Her initial gun armament was in accordance with the 1677 Establishment with 70/62 guns consisting of twenty-six demi-cannons (54 cwt, 9.5 ft) on the lower deck, twenty-six 12-pounder guns (32 cwt, 9 ft) on the upper deck, ten sakers (16 cwt, 7 ft) on the quarterdeck and four sakers (16 cwt, 7 ft) on the foc'x'le with four 3-pounder guns (5 cwt, 5 ft) on the poop deck or roundhouse. By 1688 she would carry seventy guns as per the 1685 Establishment. She carried seventy guns in 1696: twenty-two demi-cannons, four culverins, twenty-four 12-pounder guns, sixteen sakers, and four 3-pounder guns. Her initial manning establishment would be for a crew of 460/380/300 personnel.
Commissioned Service
Service 1679-1699
She was commissioned on 12 September 1678 under the command of Captain Sir John Holmes for service in the English Channel until his death on 22 September 1679. In 1690 she was under the command of Captain Daniel Jones. She partook in the Battle of Beachy Head in Rear (Blue) Squadron on 30 June 1690. She fought in the Battle of Barfleur in Centre (Red) Squadron, Rear Division from 19 to 22 May 1692. In 1693 she was under Captain Francis Wyvell. She took part in Admiral John Lord Berkeley's operations (an attack on Brest, France) in June 1694. In 1695 she was under Captain Gabriel Hughes sailing with Peregrine, the Marquis de Carmarthen's Squadron. While cruising in the English Channel, mistook a fleet of homeward bound merchantmen as the French Fleet and retired to the Irish Channel. Several English merchant ships were taken by French privateers. In 1696 she sailed under the command of Captain Richard Lestock. She returned home to pay off in 1697. She was to be rebuilt in Portsmouth in 1706/08.
Rebuild at Portsmouth Dockyard 1706/08
She was ordered rebuilt on 24 April 1706 at Portsmouth Dockyard under the guidance of Master Shipwright Thomas Podd. Her dimensions were a gundeck of with a keel of for tonnage calculation with a breadth of and a depth of hold of . Her builder's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,121 tons (burthen).
Her armament was under the 1703 Establishment as 70 guns wartime/62 guns peacetime consisting of twenty-four/twenty-two 24-pounder guns of 9.5 feet in length on the lower deck (LD), twenty-six/twenty-four demi-culverins of 9-foot length on the upper deck (UD), twelve/ten 6-pounder guns of 8.5-foot length on the quarterdeck (QD), and four/two 6-pounder guns of (2/2) 9-foot length and (2/0) of 7.5-foot length on the foc'x'le (Fc), with four 5.5 foot 3-pounder guns on the poop deck or roundhouse (RH).
Service 1708-1720
She was commissioned in 1708 under the command of Captain Richard Griffith for service Sir George Byng's Fleet. She sailed With Admiral Byng to the Tagus as an escort for the Queen of Portugal. She was detached to serve with Sir John Jenning's Squadron on the Portuguese coast in 1709. She was later assigned to Rear-Admiral Sir Edward Whittaker's Squadron in the Mediterranean, finally returning Home with Whittaker's Squadron In June 1710. Captain Thomas Smith commanded from 1710 until 1714 in the Mediterranean with Admiral Sir John Jenning. Following the end of the War of Spanish Succession, she returned home at the end of 1713. She underwent a large repair at Portsmouth at a cost of 3,664.11.11d during 1714/15. She was then placed in Ordinary. During 1717/18 she underwent a small repair and was fitted for the Mediterranean at Portsmouth for 5,690.4.6¾d. She was recommissioned in 1718 under Captain Archibald Hamilton for service in the Mediterranean with Sir George Byng's Fleet. The Fleet sailed from Spithead on 15 June 1718. She had been detached to Malta but rejoined during the action. She fought at the Battle of Passero on 11 August 1718 capturing the 70-gun Spanish ship Principe de Asturias (the former HMS Cumberland). She remained in the Mediterranean though 1719. She returned to Home Waters and was dismantled at Portsmouth for rebuilding.
Rebuild at Portsmouth Dockyard 1719-1723
She was ordered on 18 November 1719 to be rebuilt to the 1719 Establishment at Portsmouth under the guidance of Master Shipwright John Naish. Her keel was laid on 27 July 1720 and launched on 21 May 1722. Her dimensions were a gundeck of with a keel of for tonnage calculation with a breadth of and a depth of hold of . Her builder's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,139 tons (burthen).
Her armament was under the 1719 Establishment as 70 guns consisting of twenty-six 24-pounder guns on the lower deck (LD), twenty-six 12-pounder guns on the upper deck (UD), fourteen 6-pounder guns on the quarterdeck (QD), and four 6-pounder guns on the foc'x'le (Fc). Her crew would be 440 personnel.
Service 1721-1762
She was commissioned under the command of Captain Philip Vanbrugh in 1721 as guardship at Portsmouth. In 1723, remaining as guardship until 1725, she was under the command of Captain Thomas Whorwood. In 1726 she was assigned to Vice-Admiral Sir Charles Wager's Fleet for service in the Baltic. The sailed from the Nore for Copenhagen, Denmark then on to Stockholm, Sweden. Joined by a Danish Squadron in May, the Fleet continued into the Gulf of Finland. In the autumn the fleet returned to England anchoring off the Gunfleet on 1 November. In 1727 she was the flagship of Rear-Admiral Sir George Walton assigned to Sir John Norris's Fleet in the Baltic. The British Fleet made such a demonstration in the Baltic that the Russians laid up their ships and abandoned their designs on Sweden. In October 1727 she joined Vice-Admiral Wager in the Straits of Gibraltar. Later in 1727 she was under Captain Samuel Atkins. She returned home and paid off in 1728 to be placed in Ordinary.
She was recommissioned in 1731 under the command of Captain Digby Dent (until 1734) as guardship at Portsmouth. Later in 1731 she was ordered to be fitted for service in the Mediterranean. She was in service in the English Channel in July of 1732. She was once again reduced to the guardship role at Portsmouth in August 1732. In 1735 she was assigned Captain Alexander Geddes as commander for service with Sir John Norris's Fleet at the Tagus off Portugal. She was paid off on 4 May 1737 into Ordinary.
Disposition
She was ordered rebuilt at Woolwich by Admiralty Order (AO) 7 March 1739. This rebuild was not done. She was fitted as a hulk in 1739/40 at Portsmouth. She underwent a middling repair between October and December 1742, She was finally broken at Portsmouth by AO 11 May 1762, and completed in May 1762.
Notes
Citations
References
Colledge (2020), Ships of the Royal Navy, by J.J. Colledge, revised and updated by Lt Cdr Ben Warlow and Steve Bush, published by Seaforth Publishing, Barnsley, Great Britain, © 2020, (EPUB), Section L (Lenox)
Winfield (2009), British Warships in the Age of Sail (1603 – 1714), by Rif Winfield, published by Seaforth Publishing, England © 2009, EPUB
Winfield (2007). British Warships in the Age of Sail (1714 - 1792). by Rif Winfield, published by Seaforth Publishing, England © 2007, EPUB
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line - Volume 1: The Development of the Battlefleet 1650-1850. Conway Maritime Press.
Clowes (1898), The Royal Navy, A History from the Earliest Times to the Present (Vol. II). London. England: Sampson Low, Marston & Company, © 1898
Clowes (1898), The Royal Navy, A History from the Earliest Times to the Present (Vol. III). London. England: Sampson Low, Marston & Company, © 1898
Thomas (1998), Battles and Honours of the Royal Navy, by David A. Thomas, first published in Great Britain by Leo Cooper 1998, Copywrite © David A. Thomas 1998, (EPUB)
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
1670s ships
"Façon Sex" is a 2006 song recorded by the French duet Tribal King. This R&B and dancehall song was released in August, 2006, as the first single from their debut album, Welcome. Charted in francophone countries, "Façon Sex" achieved a great success, particularly in France and Belgium where it topped the singles chart, thus being a summer hit.
Background and chart performances
The song was written and the music composed by Jean-Michel Padilla, David Ployer and Anthony Sansault, and was produced by Hit Sound Production. It was compared to the songs by Tragédie (a French R&B group), particularly for its catchy refrain, its choreography and its explicit words alluding to sex. The song was also criticized for being too commercial, with poor lyrics. The song features on many French compilations, such as Hits 2 en 1 été 2006, Contact Play & Dance Vol. 3 (original club mix), Starfloor Vol. 5, NRJ Hits 2007 and Hit Connection - Best Of 2006.
In France, the single entered at number two on 5 August 2006 and reached number one two weeks later, staying there for five consecutive weeks, then dropped and totaled 15 weeks in the top ten and 25 weeks on the chart. It was the fourth best-selling single of the year. As of August 2014, it is the 73rd best-selling single of the 21st century in France, with 346,000 units sold.
In Belgium (Wallonia), the single debuted at number 37 on 30 September 2006, and peaked at number one for a single week on 18 November 2006. It remained for 11 weeks in the top ten and 19 weeks on the chart (Top 40). The single ranked number 30 on the Belgian year-end chart.
In Switzerland, the single charted for 19 weeks, from 20 August to 24 December 2006, and peaked at number 23 in its ninth week.
The band did not manage to duplicate the same performance with its second single, "Hey Girl".
Track listings
CD maxi
"Façon sex" (radio edit) — 3:32
"Façon sex" (radio ragga mix) — 4:02
"Façon sex" (original club mix) — 5:47
"Façon sex" (teck house mix) — 5:49
"Façon sex" (house salsa mix) — 6:02
Digital download
"Façon sex" (radio edit) — 3:32
7" single - Picture disc
"Façon sex" (radio edit) — 3:32
"Façon sex" (radio ragga mix) — 4:02
"Façon sex" (original club mix) — 5:47
"Façon sex" (teck house mix) — 5:49
"Façon sex" (house salsa mix) — 6:02
Charts
Peak positions
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
"Façon Sex", lyrics
"Façon Sex", music video
2006 songs
Ultratop 50 Singles (Wallonia) number-one singles
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
Tribal King songs
2006 debut singles
Samuel Johnson, better known by his stage name Samwell, is an American entertainer whose 2007 video "What What (In the Butt)" made him an Internet celebrity.
Early years
Samwell was born in Greenville, South Carolina. He has an undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
Career
Samwell is unsigned, but for a time his "What What (In the Butt)" was licensed through Fatboy Slim's record label, Southern Fried Records. The "What What (In the Butt)" video is licensed through Brownmark Films.
The song was used extensively in the South Park season 12 episode "Canada on Strike", which featured a re-creation of the What What video.
In April 2008 Samwell appeared on the BBC television show Lily Allen and Friends for an interview and performed a live version of "What What (In the Butt)" with choreographed dancers.
Samwell played Adonis in the 2009 feature film Modus Operandi and plays the Communications Officer in 2014's Hamlet A.D.D..
In March 2010 Special Entertainment released an iPhone App called Shaky Advice from Samwell that functions much like a Magic 8 Ball, with video clips of Samwell giving advice.
In June 2010 Samwell appeared on an episode of Comedy Central's Tosh.0, a television show about viral videos. The segment told the story of how the "What What" video was created, followed by an acoustic duet version of the song by Samwell and Josh Homme, lead singer for Queens Of The Stone Age and Them Crooked Vultures. In a June 2 interview, host Daniel Tosh called Samwell one of the best guests he's had on the show, saying, "I'll tell you who I loved the 'What What In The Butt' guy. It couldn't have been more of a delight." In September 2010 Samwell appeared on Tosh.0 a second time when he was nominated for the Season Two MVP Award.
Samwell has a live phone call service called Special Greetings from Samwell which is available through his official website.
Samwell released a string of videos after What What (In the Butt), including a Safe Sex PSA called Protect Respect, music videos, interview videos, and a number of comedic sketch videos.
See also
List of YouTube personalities
References
External links
Official Website
1979 births
Living people
African-American male actors
American male actors
African-American male singer-songwriters
American electronic musicians
American Internet celebrities
University of North Carolina at Greensboro alumni
21st-century African-American male singers
Poles in Malta (Maltese: Pollakki f'Malta) are mostly expatriates from Poland living in Malta.
Notable people
Leszek Czarnecki (born 1962) – billionaire, engineer, doctor
See also
Polish diaspora
Demographics of Malta
Immigration to Malta
References
Ethnic groups in Malta
Polish expatriates
Polish diaspora in Europe
Ang Supremo () is a 1988 Filipino action film directed by Joey del Rosario and starring Ramon Revilla as the titular supremo. It also stars Chat Silayan, Eddie Garcia, Jean Saburit, Rommel Valdez, and Miguel Rodriguez.
Produced by GP Films, the film was released on July 21, 1988. Critic Lav Diaz gave Ang Supremo a mixed review, criticizing the film's confusing setting as to whether or not it is about the historical Hukbalahap guerrilla group or the contemporary New People's Army, though he still considered it an adequate action film. Eddie Infante won the Film Academy of the Philippines Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Cast
Ramon Revilla as Luis Talusan
Chat Silayan
Eddie Garcia
Jean Saburit
Rommel Valdez
Miguel Rodriguez
Ulysses Santiago
Greg Moreno
Dennis Isla
Rocco Montalban
Rodolfo Boy Garcia
Gary Gallardo
Jose Romulo
Arsenio Boots Bautista
Karim Kiram
Ernie Ortega
Omar Camar
Lucita Soriano
Johnny Wilson
Ramon d'Salva
Eddie Arenas
Romeo Rivera
Ruben Rustia
Eddie Infante
Johnny Vicar
Renato Robles
Vic Varrion
Robert Talby
Naty Santiago
Ester Chavez
Estrella Kuenzler
Linda Castro
Alex Suñga
Francisco Cruz
E.R. Ejercito
Delia Razon
The poster for Ang Supremo notes that the film has "a cast of [t]housands".
Release
Ang Supremo was released on July 21, 1988, with free diver's watches and T-shirts handed out to early moviegoers in Metro Manila.
Critical response
Lav Diaz, writing for the Manila Standard, criticized the unclear setting of Ang Supremos story as to whether or not it is about the defunct Hukbalahap, a socialist guerilla group formed during World War II, or the contemporary New People's Army, the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines. Diaz also pointed out that the film never used the word "Huk" or any other term referring to the Hukbalahap, adding to the confusion. However, he stated that Ang Supremo is still a fine action film, commending its contextualization of rebellions as chiefly caused by people's suffering in rural areas.
Accolades
References
External links
1988 films
1988 action films
Filipino-language films
Films about rebels
Philippine action films
Films directed by Joey del Rosario
Two human polls comprised the 1988 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Peter Still (February 22, 1801 – January 10, 1868), was a former slave who achieved some renown by securing his own freedom in 1850 and subsequently collecting enough money to purchase the freedom of his wife and three children in 1854. His efforts were documented in the book: The kidnapped and the ransomed; being the personal recollections of Peter Still and his wife "Vina," after forty years of slavery, which his biographer Kate E. R. Pickard published in 1856.
Biography
Still was born a slave to parents Sidney and Levin on a plantation owned by Saunders Griffin on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. Peter and his eldest brother Levin Jr. were sold by their owner at ages eight and six respectively, shortly after their mother had fled for a second time. After many years in Kentucky, the brothers were eventually sold to various slave-owning families in Florence and Tuscumbia, Alabama. It was there that Peter met and married Lavinia (Vina) Sisson, a household slave from a nearby plantation, on June 25, 1826. Peter's brother Levin died in 1831, leaving Peter without a living tie to his family. Through a verbal arrangement with his last owners, Joseph and Isaac Friedman, Peter secured his manumission for $500 in April 1850. Shortly thereafter, Peter arrived in Philadelphia, where he serendipitously met his youngest brother William Still, then serving as a clerk at the Anti-Slavery Office. Through his own efforts, and those of his family, friends, and supporters, Peter was eventually reunited with his wife Vina and children Peter, Levin, and Catharine, in 1854. They resided in Burlington County, New Jersey until Peter died of pneumonia in 1868.
His brother James became a practicing doctor in southern New Jersey and was known as "The Black Doctor of the Pines." James also published a memoir, Early Recollections and Life of Dr. James Still, printed by J.B. Lippincott & Co. in 1877.
See also
Solomon Northup
References
American freedmen
19th-century American slaves
1801 births
1869 deaths
People from Maryland
People from Burlington County, New Jersey
Deaths from pneumonia in New Jersey
Black slave owners in the United States
Butler Chapel A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church built in 1913, and located in Greenville, Alabama. It was one of three significant meeting places for African-Americans living in Greenville during the early-20th century.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
History
This building was a replacement for the original 1867 church structure which had burned down on April 19, 1911. Butler Chapel had served a wide-ranging role as the neighborhood center of economic and social development for many people, including serving as the first African-American school in the city.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Victorian architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1913
Churches in Butler County, Alabama
Greenville, Alabama
1913 establishments in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Alabama
Rareș Andrei Mandache (born 2 October 1987) is a Romanian professional basketball player, who currently plays for the Dinamo București of the Liga Națională.
International career
He represented Romania's national basketball team at the 2015 Eurobasket qualification. Mandache was also part of the roster of Romania at EuroBasket 2017.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com Profile
FIBA.com profile
Real GM Profile
1987 births
Living people
CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca (men's basketball) players
CSM Oradea (basketball) players
Keravnos B.C. players
Romanian men's basketball players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Arad, Romania
Baldwin County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 46,337. The county seat is Milledgeville, which was developed along the Oconee River.
Baldwin County is part of the Milledgeville, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
For centuries the land was occupied by the Creek Nation, and for thousands of years before them, varying cultures of indigenous peoples.
Part of the land ceded by the Creek Nation in the Treaty of Fort Wilkinson in 1802 was used to create Baldwin County on May 11, 1803, by the Georgia General Assembly, the state's legislative body.
The land west of the Oconee River was organized as Baldwin and Wilkinson counties. The Treaty of Washington with the Creek in 1805 extended the state's western boundary to the Ocmulgee River. A legislative act on June 26, 1806, added some of this additional land to both counties.
The state legislature subsequently passed an act on December 10, 1807, that created four new counties from Baldwin County's 1806 borders. It expanded Baldwin to the east with land from Hancock and Washington counties. The new counties were Morgan, Jones, Putnam, and present-day Jasper (originally named Randolph County at the time of the act).
The county is named for Abraham Baldwin, a signer of the United States Constitution, U.S. congressman representing Georgia, and the founder of the University of Georgia. White settlers moved into the area and developed large cotton plantations, made possible by the labor of slaves. Since the invention of the cotton gin, short-staple cotton could be profitably processed, and it was well-suited to the uplands of Georgia. What became known as the Black Belt of Georgia, an arc of fertile soil, was one of the destinations for slaves being sold from the Upper South, as well as from the Low Country.
The county seat of Milledgeville is the former state capital of Georgia (1804–1868). Other than Washington, DC, it is the only planned capital city in the United States.
Because of its central location within the state and its abundant supply of water from the Oconee River, Milledgeville grew rapidly into a bustling frontier town. On November 2, 1807, the state legislature held its first session in the newly completed statehouse in Milledgeville. Georgia's first state penitentiary was also built within the historic city limits of Milledgeville in 1817. This site is now used as the main campus of Georgia College and State University. In 1837 the General Assembly provided for the establishment of the state's first mental asylum, today known as Central State Hospital.
When the state of Georgia seceded from the Union in January 1861 during a legislative session held in Milledgeville, Baldwin County became a target for Union forces. When Union general William T. Sherman's made his devastating March to the Sea through Georgia, his troops occupied the capital city in November 1864. Sherman and his Union armies burned the state penitentiary, vandalized the city, and held a mock session of the legislature in the statehouse to repeal the state's ordinance of secession.
In 1868, after the Civil War (1861–65), Georgia's capital was moved from Milledgeville to its present location in Atlanta. Today Milledgeville is home to two institutions of higher education: Georgia College and State University and Georgia Military College. Founded in 1889 as the Georgia Normal and Industrial College for Women, Georgia College and State University has since grown to become the state's premier public liberal arts university. Georgia Military College, founded in 1879, now occupies the Old Capitol Building.
In addition to the Old Capitol and Governor's Mansion, visitors to Baldwin County can explore Andalusia, the family farm of writer Flannery O'Connor; Milledgeville's historic district; and the Lockerly Arboretum, a botanical garden and nature education center that hosts the Lockerly Heritage Festival each September.
Notable people
Carl Vinson, who served for fifty years in the U.S. Congress, was born in Baldwin County.
Oliver Hardy, comedian and film director, began his career in the Milledgeville Opera House.
Flannery O'Connor, novelist and short-story writer, lived in Milledgeville. She is buried in her family plot in the city's historic Memory Hill Cemetery.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.6%) is water.
The county is located along the fall line of the Eastern United States. The city of Milledgeville, which is located along the Oconee River, is an important city in the region. Because of its location, the northern part of the county tends to be more hilly due to its location in the Piedmont than the southern part of the county, which is in the far northern part of the Atlantic coastal plain.
The majority of Baldwin County, south of Lake Sinclair, is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northern portion of the county is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Putnam County, Georgia - north
Hancock County, Georgia - northeast
Washington County, Georgia - east
Wilkinson County, Georgia - south
Jones County, Georgia - west
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Business
State Route 22
State Route 24
State Route 29
State Route 49
State Route 112
State Route 212
State Route 243
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Pedestrians and cycling
Oconee River Greenway
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 46,337 people, 14,758 households, and 9,843 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 17,173 housing units at an average density of 66 per square mile (26/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 54.17% White, 43.38% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 1.01% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.48% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 1.36% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,758 households, out of which 31.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.90% were married couples living together, 18.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.30% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.70% under the age of 18, 14.50% from 18 to 24, 31.20% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 117.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,159, and the median income for a family was $42,736. Males had a median income of $31,227 versus $22,718 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,271. About 11.80% of families and 16.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.80% of those under age 18 and 13.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 45,720 people, 16,788 households, and 10,373 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 20,159 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.9% white, 41.5% black or African American, 1.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 41.5% were African, 24.0% were American, 7.9% were English, and 6.8% were Irish.
Of the 16,788 households, 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.0% were married couples living together, 19.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.2% were non-families, and 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 34.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,237 and the median income for a family was $47,714. Males had a median income of $36,158 versus $26,576 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,488. About 16.8% of families and 25.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.6% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 43,799 people, 16,191 households, and 9,568 families residing in the county.
Government
Members of the Baldwin County Board of Commissioners are responsible for administering the government to residents. There are five members on the board, elected from single-member districts. They serve four-year terms, and are up for election in a staggered fashion. The members of the board elect the chair from amongst themselves.
Politics
Baldwin County has been a Democratic-leaning swing county in recent presidential elections, with no candidate receiving more than 52.9% of the vote in any presidential election from 1992 onward. The county was the only one in Georgia that failed to give a majority to either major-party candidate in the 2018 gubernatorial election, with Democrat Stacey Abrams only winning the county by 58 votes over Republican Brian Kemp. Possibly due to rural shifts rightward nationwide, Baldwin County has become far more competitive, as Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential race by a margin around 1%.
Education
Communities
City
Milledgeville (county seat)
Census-designated place
Hardwick
Unincorporated community
Scottsboro
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Baldwin County, Georgia
References
Further reading
Anna Maria Green Cook, The History of Baldwin County, Georgia. (1925) Spartanburg, SC: Reprint Co., 1978.
External links
Baldwin County website
Georgia Encyclopedia Baldwin County entry
1803 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1803
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Milledgeville micropolitan area, Georgia
The black-and-buff woodpecker (Meiglyptes jugularis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
black-and-buff woodpecker
Birds of Southeast Asia
black-and-buff woodpecker
black-and-buff woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Andrew or Andy Harvey may refer to:
Andy Harvey (), American baseball player
Andrew Harvey (journalist) (born 1944), British journalist
Andrew Harvey (religious writer) (born 1952), author, religious scholar and teacher of mystic traditions
Andrew Harvey (politician), Canadian politician
Andrew Harvey (fictional character), character in The Ambassador's Daughter
Do Overs and Second Chances is the second EP by American rock band Go Radio. It was released April 20, 2010 on Fearless. The EP was originally planned to be only 5 tracks, however, Go Radio returned to the studio in early 2010 to record two more additional tracks.
In 2010, Do Overs and Second Chances sold more than 15,000 copies in the U.S. The track "Goodnight Moon" was later included in the deluxe edition of Lucky Street (2011).
Track listing
All tracks written by Jason Lancaster, except where noted.
"When Dreaming Gets Drastic" (Jason Lancaster, Zack Odom, Kenneth Mount) – 3:17
"Thanks for Nothing" – 3:24
"Letters and Love Notes" (Alex Reed) – 3:20
"It's Not a Trap, I Promise" – 3:20
"In Our Final Hour" – 3:21
"You Hold Your Breath, I'll Hold My Liquor" – 3:14
"Goodnight Moon" – 5:06
Chart positions
Personnel
Jason Lancaster – Lead vocals, piano, rhythm guitar
Alex Reed – Lead guitar, backing vocals
Matt Burns – Bass guitar, backing vocals
Steven Kopacz – Drums, percussion, backing vocals
References
External links
Do Overs and Second Chances at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
2010 EPs
Go Radio EPs
Fearless Records EPs
Recluse Nunatak () is an isolated rock exposure lying on the Handel Ice Piedmont, midway between Haydn Inlet and the Colbert Mountains in the west-central portion (facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf) of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The nunatak was first mapped from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1960. The name given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) suggests the isolated position of the nunatak, considering this landform is situated far away from other landforms of Alexander Island.
See also
Ceres Nunataks
Faulkner Nunatak
Hengist Nunatak
Nunataks of Alexander Island
Al-Khwarizmi International College Foundation, Inc. (AKIC) is an institution of higher learning in Marawi City, Philippines. It was founded by the Ranao Council.
References
External links
Al-Khwarizmi International College website
Education in Marawi
Educational institutions with year of establishment missing
Universities and colleges in Lanao del Sur
Malcolm McNaughtan Bowie FBA (; 5 May 1943 – 28 January 2007) was a British academic, and Master of Christ's College, Cambridge from 2002 to 2006. An acclaimed scholar of French literature, Bowie wrote several books on Marcel Proust, as well as books on Mallarmé, Lacan, and psychoanalysis.
Born in Aldeburgh, Suffolk, Bowie attended Woodbridge School, and then studied at the University of Edinburgh where he gained an MA in 1965. He was awarded a DPhil at the University of Sussex in 1970. His research fields were French literature, psychoanalysis and the relationship between literature and the arts. He taught at the University of East Anglia (1967–69), Clare College, Cambridge (1969–76) and Queen Mary College, London.
Bowie was elected to the Christ's Mastership in 2002, after spending ten years as Marshal Foch Professor of French Literature and Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford. Before going on to the Faculty of Medieval and Modern Languages, University of Oxford, he held the Professorship of French Language and Literature at Queen Mary College (1976–92). While in London he was the Founding Director of the Institute of Romance Studies (1989–92), the School of Advanced Study, University of London. In December 2006, he vacated the Mastership because of ill health, and was made an Emeritus Fellow of Christ's. He was a Fellow of the British Academy and the Royal Society of Literature, a Member of the Academia Europaea, an Honorary Member of the Modern Language Association of America, and an Officier dans l'Ordre des Palmes académiques. He served as President of the Society for French Studies, the British Comparative Literature Association, and the Association of University Professors of French, and held a Visiting Professorship at the University of California, Berkeley and a Visiting Distinguished Professorship at the CUNY Graduate from Center in New York.
His Proust Among The Stars (1998) won the 2001 Truman Capote Award for Literary Criticism.
References
Clive Scott, 'Professor Malcolm Bowie' (Obituary), The Independent 5 Feb 2007.
Michael Sheringham, 'Professor Malcolm Bowie' (Obituary), The Guardian 14 Feb 2007
The Times 6 Feb 2007 (Obituary) 'Professor Malcolm Bowie'
The Daily Telegraph 5 Feb 2007 (Obituary) 'Professor Malcolm Bowie'
Bowie appears as a character, under his own name, in Stephen Henighan's novel The World of After.
1943 births
2007 deaths
English literary critics
Literary critics of French
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Sussex
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Fellows of Clare College, Cambridge
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
Masters of Christ's College, Cambridge
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Members of Academia Europaea
People from Aldeburgh
Marshal Foch Professors of French Literature
Scholars of French literature
People educated at Woodbridge School
Bottle variation is the degree to which different bottles, nominally of the same product, can have different taste, smell, etc.
There are many possible causes of bottle variation:
variation in the contents prior to packaging
variation in the packaging components
variation in the product and packaging processes
variation in storage, distribution, cold chain, etc.
variation in the quantity of contents
Wine
Different bottles, nominally of the same wine, can taste and smell different.
One factor is found in the variable oxygen transmission rate (OTR) of cork stoppers, which translates to a degree of bottle variation.
Before the advent of inexpensive stainless steel tanks, it was not customary to blend all the wine together and bottle it at once, a process called assemblage. Instead, the winemaker would take his or her siphon from barrel to barrel and fill the bottles from a single barrel at a time. Some traditional and/or idiosyncratic wineries still do this, including Château Musar. Also, buyers and sellers of bulk wine typically do not have access to a multi-million litre tank, and so often the wine will vary depending on which tank it came from.
Bottle variation that increases over time typically comes from the packaging. Exposure to heat or light can cause a wine to mature more quickly or even make it taste "cooked". Bottles aged in the chilly cellars of Sweden's alcohol monopoly are famous for tasting younger than the same wine stored at a more typical 13 °C (55 °F). Finally, not all corks seal equally well, and a faulty cork will allow air into the bottle, oxidizing it prematurely. However, a corked wine would be described as a simple fault rather than bottle variation, even though the corked bottle would be clearly different from a non-corked example.
Sometimes, it is not clear what causes the variation. Bottles stored together their entire lives, with no obvious faults, can taste completely different. Thus there is a saying, "There are no great old wines, only great bottles."
See also
Aging of wine
References
Yam, K. L., "Encyclopedia of Packaging Technology", John Wiley & Sons, 2009,
Footnotes
Wine terminology
Packaging
Kepaluškalins (also known as Pilės or Kaltinėnai Mound) is a mound located in Šilalė district, Lithuania, close to Kaltinėnai town, in Pilės village. It is thought to be founded in the beginning of 2nd millennium AD. The size of the mound and the dimensions of its defence fortifications show that during the wars with Crusaders there was one of the strongest castles in Žemaitija and the centre of Kaltinėnai land defence as well as administration on Kepaluškalnis.
Remains of fortifications
The mound was founded on the edge of a highland, on a point formed by two hollows. Its hillsides are precipitous, to 20m in height. A 45 x 50m size upper ground was surrounded by bulwarks which are flattened now. Spurs, stone projectiles and other finds have been found in this ground. The north side of the mound was fortified with even 5 bulwarks and moats, first 3 of which also encircled the eastern and western hillsides. There was also a moat in the southern hillside, and the bulwark behind it had a 2-metre-high outer side. Nowadays, these fortifications can be seen only in the south-western part of the mound, others are destroyed.
The mound was badly damaged by ploughing: most of the bulwarks and moats were flattened gradually. A homestead (now pulled down), located on the west side of the mound, also damaged the bulwarks. Cleaning works which took place in 2002-2004 were especially harmful for the mound historically: a path of stones leading to the upper ground was paved through the northern fortifications, and a parking lot was built where the 5th moat had once been.
In 1990, J. Genys researched an area of 8,5m2 on the upper ground, but didn't find any cultural layer.
Monument
In 1990, a wooden monument for Vytautas the Great and the remembrance of Žalgiris battle was built at the foot of the mound. The place for this monument was chosen not accidentally. While fighting for power and after becoming the Grand Duke of Lithuania, Vytautas visited Žemaitija a lot of times. It is also very likeable that he has been to Kaltinėnai, which was one of the most important centres of Žemaitija in those times.
Use of the mound nowadays
On the top of Kepaluškalnis, an altar of stones was built for the remembrance of castle protectors. Flags of Lithuania, Šilalė and Tauragė often wave beside this altar.
St John's Day and other festivals are celebrated on this mound. Crowds of people gather there on these days, performances are given and bonfires are burnt.
Hills of Lithuania
Paiga is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 3,456, in 538 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Richard Muyej Mangeze Mans is a Congolese politician.
In February 2010, he joined the government and in March 2012 he was appointed Minister of Interior, Security, Decentralization and customary affairs of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He left the government at the reshuffle of the 7 December 2014. In 2016 he became governor of the province of Lualaba.
References
Living people
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pilarczyk is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Daniel Edward Pilarczyk (1934-2020), American Roman Catholic archbishop
Helga Pilarczyk (1926–2011), German operatic soprano
Ryszard Pilarczyk (born 1975), Polish sprinter
Polish-language surnames
Robert C. Johnson (27 June 1902 – 26 January 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His son Bob followed in his footsteps and played for the club in the 1950s.
A key position player, Johnson was mostly used at centre half forward. Johnson began his senior football career with Northcote in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) where he won the competition's best and fairest award the Woodham Cup in 1924.
He was then recruited by Melbourne in 1926 and had an immediate impact on the league. Johnson finished equal second in the 1926 Brownlow Medal and kicked six goals in Melbourne's winning grand final. He also earned Victorian selection at the season's end.
He twice topped Melbourne's goal-kicking during his career, in 1928 with 55 goals and in 1933 with 62.
External links
1902 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Melbourne Football Club players
Northcote Football Club players
1981 deaths
Melbourne Football Club Premiership players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
The 1812 United States presidential election in Ohio took place as part of the 1812 United States presidential election. Voters chose 8 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Ohio re-elected incumbent Democratic-Republican President James Madison over Federalist candidate DeWitt Clinton. Madison won Ohio by a margin of 38.42%.
Results
See also
United States presidential elections in Ohio
Notes
References
Ohio
1812
1812 Ohio elections
Cognition enhanced Natural language Information Analysis Method (CogNIAM) is a conceptual fact-based modelling method, that aims to integrate the different dimensions of knowledge: data, rules, processes and semantics. To represent these dimensions world standards SBVR, BPMN and DMN from the Object Management Group (OMG) are used. CogNIAM, a successor of NIAM, is based on the work of knowledge scientist Sjir Nijssen.
CogNIAM structures knowledge, gathered from people, documentation and software, by classifying it. For this purpose CogNIAM uses the so-called ‘Knowledge Triangle'. The outcome of CogNIAM is independent of the person applying it. The resulting model allows the knowledge to be expressed in diagrammatic form as well as in controlled natural language.
The different dimensions of knowledge
CogNIAM recognises 4 different dimensions of knowledge:
Data: What are the facts?
Process: How are facts generated/deleted/altered?
Semantics: What do the facts mean?
Rules: What conditions apply on the facts?
These dimensions influence each other heavily. Rules restrict data, Semantics describe the concepts and terms used in processes etc., therefore The aim of CogNIAM is to integrate these different dimensions.
Structuring knowledge
As mentioned earlier, CogNIAM classifies knowledge using the knowledge triangle . The knowledge that can be mapped to the knowledge triangle is structurally relevant and can be verbalised. Knowledge that cannot be verbalised, for example the ‘Mona Lisa', is not included. Also the knowledge must be structurally relevant. Not structurally relevant is for example motivation (the why?). It is important information, but it is not an added value to the model. The remaining knowledge can be mapped to the knowledge triangle. The knowledge triangle consists of three levels
Level 1 – The level of facts
The majority of knowledge consists of concrete facts. Facts describe possible current, past or future states. In CogNIAM a fact is defined as “a proposition taken to be true by a relevant community”.
An example of a level 1 fact is:
“The capital of Italy is Rome.”
Level 2 – The domain specific level
In this level the rules that govern the facts of level 1 are specified. For the example above a rule governing the level 1 facts could be “a country has exactly one capital”. This is a rule that ensures no untrue states or disallowed transitions between different states can occur at level 1. Besides rules level 2 contains six more knowledge categories, which are discussed in the next chapter.
Level 3 – The generic level
This level is not associated to any specific domain, it says nothing about capitals or countries. As level 2 governs the facts on level 1, the generic level governs the knowledge categories of level 2. It consists of the same knowledge categories, but here they are applied to the content of level 2. In other words, level 3 contains the rules that determine the rules. The generic level can also be seen as a domain specific level with the domain being ‘domain specific knowledge'. As a result, level 3 also governs itself.
Knowledge categories
Level 2 and 3 of the knowledge triangle consist of seven knowledge categories:
Concept definitions describe the meaning of every term or group of terms at the fact level. A large part of the semantics dimension can be found here.
Fact types provide the functionality to define which kinds of facts are considered to be within the scope of the domain of interest.
Communication patterns:
Fact communication patterns act as a communication mechanism to be used as a template to communicate facts using terms the subject-matter expert is familiar with
Rule communication patterns act as communication mechanism for the rules (see below) of the conceptual schema.
Rules, distinguishing between:
Integrity or validation rules, also known as constraints, restrict the set of facts and the transitions between the permitted sets of facts to those that are considered useful. In terms of data quality, integrity rules are used to guarantee the quality of the facts.
Derivation rules are used to derive or calculate new information (facts) based on existing information.
Exchange rules transfer facts into the administration of that domain or remove facts from the administration. In other words, they specify how facts are added and/or removed from the fact base so that the system stays in sync with the communication about the outside world.
Event rules specify when to update the set of ground facts by a derivation rule or exchange rule in the context of a process description.
Process descriptions specify the fact consuming and/or fact generating activities (the exchange and/or derivation rules) to be performed by the different actors for that process, as well as the event rules invoking the execution of those exchange and derivation rules in an ordered manner.
Actors, identifying the involved participants and their responsibilities in the processes (in terms of the exchange and derivation rules they need to execute).
Services, identifying the realisations of the process descriptions in terms of information products to be delivered or consulted
References
Data modeling
Data modeling languages
Pulley is a small village on the southern edge of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is located between Shrewsbury and Bayston Hill. The population at the 2011 Census is listed under Bayston Hill. The A5 Shrewsbury by-pass cuts through the area.
To the north is the Shrewsbury suburb of Meole Brace.
See also
Listed buildings in Bayston Hill
History
The modern placename of "Pulley" is listed in Folio 259r, and 260v, in the Domesday Book (c.1086) at the UK National Archives and was then spelled as "Polelie".
External links
Villages in Shropshire
Achani (Accāṇi, ) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. Vincent and produced by K. Ravindran Nair. The film stars Prem Nazir, Nanditha Bose, Adoor Bhasi and Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair in the lead roles. The film had lyrics by P. Bhaskaran and musical score by Devarajan. It tells the story of a tailor and the trials and tribulations of his family. The film was a commercial success and the proceeds from the film was donated by the producer for the construction of a Quilon Public Library in Quilon, Kerala. The film was adapted from Tamil stage play of same name written by Karaikudi Narayanan who later adapted the film in Tamil as same name in 1978.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Vasu
Nanditha Bose as Seetha
Adoor Bhasi as Kaimal
Sankaradi as Banker Menon
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Raghavan Muthalali
Bahadoor as Appu
Vincent as Gopi
Sudheer as Babu
Sujatha as Uma
Meena as Srimathi Raghavan
Philomina as Mariammam
Sreelatha as Kalyani
Master Sathyajith
Master Prasad
K. J. Yesudas (Guest appearance as himself)
John Varghees
J.A.R Anand
Ramankutty Nair
Raghava Menon
Aravindhakshan
Vijaya
Soundtrack
The songs of the movie were hits during the time, especially "Ente Swapnathin", sung playback and on screen by the renowned singer, K. J. Yesudas.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Films directed by A. Vincent
Indian films based on plays
Diamond Cut Productions is an American company founded by Craig Maier and Rick Carlson in 1986 with the aim of preserving many of the original test pressing recordings made at the Edison Laboratories during the 1920s.
Diamond Cut Productions is the author of the popular audio editing and restoration program "Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools". This includes DC8, DC Live Forensics, DCForensics8.x through DCForensics10.8x, and DC Audio Mentor, and DCArt10.8x. Diamond Cut Productions is also a record label having 22 music albums in its catalog featuring mostly music from the 1920s and 1930s. Much emphasis has been placed by Diamond Cut Productions on the Unreleased Edison Laterals collection of test pressings archived at the Edison National Historic Site, in West Orange, NJ.
At present, Craig Maier and Rick Carlson remain the primary contributors to the company which now also invokes major developments in the areas of record restoration, audio restoration, through the continued improvements in the audio restoration software used to preserve Edison's test-pressing lateral recordings. Their company has expanded extensively into the field of Forensics Audio Enhancement and also including audio authentication and audio analysis which are widely used by various government agencies throughout the world. They maintain a website located at www.diamondcut.com.
History
Diamond Cut Productions was originally a private archival venture by Craig Maier and Rick Carlson that begun in response to proposed budget cuts to the Edison National Historic Site in 1986. At the time Kitta MacPherson of The Star Leger reported on the deteriorating condition of the Edison National Historic Site and its archives located in West Orange, New Jersey. Among the many artifacts lacking proper curatorial attention resulting from funding deficiencies was a collection of test-press recordings made by the Edison Company between 1927 through 1929 (their last few years in the record business). Having read the disturbing article, R&D engineer Craig Maier and software engineer Rick Carlson offered to volunteer their time and technical expertise in the areas of audio hardware and software engineering in order to preserve the Edison Lateral Record collection of test pressings by transferring them to digital tape for archival and preservation in the digital domain.
Diamond Cut Laboratory
Then Supervisor and Museum Curator, Dr. Edward Pershey, Ph.D. showed Craig and Rick the thousands of one-of-a-kind test recordings which were piled in stacks on a long row of tables on the second floor of the Edison main laboratory building. The total number of songs which were recorded numbered over 1200 with anywhere from two to five takes each, increasing the possibility of finding some truly important music that had remained unheard since the late 1920s. Following several meetings an informal agreement was made such that private funding could be sourced to construct the audio restoration laboratory required for the project. After seven months, enough funding was sourced to construct an audio in addition to designing and constructing several pieces of custom equipment required for the project.
With the laboratory up and ready, Mr. Tom Owens of the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical library in New York City was hired for his expertise in the area of archival audio transferring. Mr. Owens provided constructive criticism regarding the sound laboratory allowing them to improve upon their initial system. One significant problem which he had highlighted was that of establishing the correct turnover frequency for the transfer of the lateral test pressings. Documentation could not be found at the Edison site regarding the specifics of this important parameter, instead Craig and Rick had to devise and conduct experiments. This experimentation involved a "high-end" vacuum tube based Edison phonograph designed around the same time period as the test pressings in order to deduce the correct turnover frequency. The experiments proved useful allowing various modifications to be made to their magnetic phonograph pre-amplifier in order to provide the most likely proper turnover frequency for the transfers consistent with their era.
With the laboratory and equipment in place, a seven year pro-bono contract was drawn up between the Edison National Historic Site / U.S. Department of the Interior, Rick Carlson and Craig Maier for the purposes of executing the archival project. Nearly one full year had lapsed before the first record was transferred to digital tape. Shortly thereafter, the sound lab was rebuilt in Rockaway Township, NJ where the lion's share of the transfer project took place over the next seven years.
After transferring around 900 of the recordings (times 2 - 5 takes per song, about 2,200 transfers in total) Craig and Rick decided that the music was not doing much good sitting in the underground vault of a museum. It was decided to release some of this previously unreleased material (only around 200 of the songs had ever been released in the Edison lateral format). At the time it worked out to be significantly easier to form a company and release these songs under a new record label. Thus Diamond Cut Productions was formed in 1992 through Craig Maier and Rick Carlson providing their own seed capital for the venture.
Test pressing releases onto CD
1992
The first release was titled "Unreleased Edison Laterals 1”. This CD was an anthology of Edison Needle type records which had undergone complex analogue audio restoration techniques. The album was of such a success in the market that another project was able to be started in 1994.
1994
The second release titled "The California Ramblers, Edison Laterals 2." This project saw improvements on the audio restoration process which had been used on the previous release. Instead of analog signal processing, digital signal processing utilizing their own algorithms to remove crackle, ticks, pops and hiss from the original material were employed. This new process (which ran on an inexpensive pc) was named Diamond Cut Audio restoration tools or DC-Art for short. The digital signal processing technique proved so successful to the extent that the Smithsonian Institution Press employed Diamond Cut Productions to perform audio restoration for some of their American Songwriter Series of CD releases.
1995
Although no Edison recordings were released in this year, worked continued on improving the restoration software used for restoration of the many Edison recordings. During this time it was decided to make Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools (DC-Art16) available to other groups and the public with the focus on record archival and restoration.
1996
The third CD release was entitled "Hot Dance of the Roaring 20's, Edison Laterals 3" and was again processed utilizing Craig and Rick's own audio restoration program. It was soon realized the digital audio restoration was superior and all analog processing equipment had been abandoned. In parallel with these efforts Craig worked with County Records to produce and release an Edison olde tyme group on CD called "Ernest Stoneman and his Dixie Mountaineers" using their audio restoration process.
2000
Since the early years, Craig and Rick have released numerous CDs from the Edison collections including "Vintage Vallee - Rudy Vallee and his Connecticut Yankees" which includes 23 of the earliest recordings made by this group in the late 1920s. In addition, other recordings released on the Diamond Cut Productions label include other artists including "Early Eddy Duchin - 1932 to 1937."
Future (2022 on Forward)
In the future, Diamond Cut Productions expects to continue releasing more albums in various formats, outlets and venues within the Edison Lateral Cut series. However, they have also branched out into other musical venues from the 1920s and 1930s. They are also continuing the development of their professional audio restoration and editing software product line and are up to DCForensics10.8x as of 2021. Within their commercial software product line, they have released DCart10.8x during the third quarter of 2021 and also offer two VST plugins.
References
American record labels
Clear Creek is a tributary of the San Benito River in California, in the United States. The creek is the site of a BLM natural recreation area, and is known for its mineral abundance. The headwaters area of the creek is the only known location of gem quality benitoite, the designated California State Gem.
In 1998 the creek was identified as containing high levels of mercury in excess of water quality standards.
See also
List of rivers of California
References
Rivers of San Benito County, California
Rivers of Northern California
Brigham is a small village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately south-east from Driffield, north of Hull city centre, and to the west of the B1249 road. The village forms part of the civil parish of Foston on the Wolds.
Driffield Navigation
The Driffield Navigation canal passes at the west of the village. The Brigham section of the Driffield Navigation was dug about 1767. A swing bridge was built across the canal to allow access to Elm Tree Farm, and a footpath to Corpslanding and Hutton Cranswick. In 1967, after a decline in canal traffic, the swing bridge was kept closed, and was replaced by a fixed bridge in the 1970s. In 2003 a new working swing bridge was installed.
Brigham position on the Driffield Navigation
Next location upstream - Snakeholme Lock
Next location downstream - Fisholme
A village sailing club was established in 1928.
References
External links
Villages in the East Riding of Yorkshire
The Nobel Prize in Literature () is awarded annually by the Swedish Academy to authors for outstanding contributions in the field of literature. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, which are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by the Swedish Academy. The first Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded in 1901 to Sully Prudhomme of France. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, Prudhomme received 150,782 SEK, which is equivalent to 8,823,637.78 SEK in January 2018. The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
As of 2021, the Nobel Prize in Literature has been awarded to 118 individuals. The youngest laureate was Rudyard Kipling, who was 41 years old when he was awarded in 1907. The oldest laureate to receive the prize was Doris Lessing, who was 88 when she was awarded in 2007. It has been awarded posthumously once, to Erik Axel Karlfeldt in 1931. When he received the award in 1958, Russian-born Boris Pasternak was forced to publicly reject the award under pressure from the government of the Soviet Union. In 1964, Jean-Paul Sartre made known that he did not wish to accept the Nobel Prize in Literature, as he had consistently refused all official honors in the past. However the Nobel committee does not acknowledge refusals, and includes Pasternak and Sartre in its list of Nobel laureates.
Sixteen women have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, the second highest number of any of the Nobel Prizes behind the Nobel Peace Prize. There have been four instances in which the award was given to two people (1904, 1917, 1966, 1974). There have been seven years in which the Nobel Prize in Literature was not awarded (1914, 1918, 1935, 1940–1943). There have been three years for which the Nobel Prize in Literature was delayed one year: the prizes for 1915, 1949 and 2018 were each awarded together with that of the following year in October of the following year. As of 2021, there have been 29 English-speaking laureates of the Nobel Prize in Literature, followed by French with 15 laureates and German with 14 laureates.
Laureates
Nobel laureates by country
The 118 Nobel laureates in literature from 1901 to 2021 have come from the following countries:
1Rabindranath Tagore (Nobel Prize in Literature 1913) wrote in Bengali and English, Samuel Beckett (Nobel Prize in Literature 1969) wrote in French and English and Joseph Brodsky (Nobel Prize in Literature 1987) wrote poetry in Russian and prose in English. These three Nobel laureates have been sorted under Bengali, French and Russian, respectively.
2Karl Adolph Gjellerup (Nobel Prize in Literature 1917) wrote in Danish and German.
Nobel laureates by sex
The 118 Nobel laureates in literature from 1901 to 2021 were from the following sexes :
References
Notes
A. The information in the country column is according to nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. This information may not necessarily reflect the recipient's birthplace or citizenship.
Citations
Sources
Literature
Odontopleuridae is a family of odontopleurid trilobites found in marine strata throughout the world. Odontopleurids of Odontopleuridae first appear in Late Cambrian-aged marine strata, and the last genera perish by the end of the Frasnian stage during the Late Devonian. The members of Odontopleuridae are famous for their spinose appearance, having long, often numerous spines along the edges of their exoskeletons, and derived from ends of segments or tubercle ornaments.
Genera
Genera include
Acanthalomina
?Acidaspidella
?Acidaspides
Acidaspis
Anacaenaspis
Apianurus
Archaeopleura
Boedaspis
Borkopleura
Brutonaspis
Calipernurus
Ceratocara
Ceratocephala
Ceratocephalinus
Ceratonurus
Chlustinia
Dalaspis
Diacanthaspis
Dicranurus
Dudleyaspis
Edgecombeaspis
Eoleonaspis
Exallaspis
Gaotania
Globulaspis
Hispaniaspis
Isoprusia
Ivanopleura
Kettneraspis
Koneprusia
Laethoprusia
Leonaspis
Meadowtownella
Miraspis
Ningnanaspis
Odontopleura
Orphanaspis
Periallaspis
Primaspis
Proceratocephala
Radiaspis
Rinconaspis
Selenopeltis
Selenopeltoides
Sinespinaspis
Stelckaspis
Taemasaspis
Uriarra
Whittingtonia
References
Odontopleurida
Trilobite families
Furongian first appearances
Frasnian extinctions
Jan Otto Fredagsvik (born 8 June 1947 in Frøya) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Fredagsvik served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the terms 1993–1997. From 1993 to 1996 he was brought in as a replacement representative for Gunhild Elise Øyangen, who was appointed to Brundtland's Third Cabinet.
On the local level Fredagsvik was a member of Frøya municipality council from 1971 to 2003, serving as mayor since 1987 except for his term as parliament member. He chaired the municipal party chapter in 1985–1987 and 2002–2004.
References
1947 births
Living people
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Members of the Storting
Mayors of Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag
People from Frøya, Trøndelag
Measurement is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of metrology. It was established in 1983 and is published 18 times per year. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Measurement Confederation and the editor-in-chief is Paolo Carbone (University of Perugia). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 3.927.
References
External links
Metrology
Elsevier academic journals
Publications established in 1983
Journals published between 13 and 25 times per year
Statistics journals
English-language journals
Physics journals
Niceforo's wren (Thryophilus nicefori) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to Colombia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
In Spanish the bird is known as Cucarachero de Nicéforo or Cucarachero del Chicamocha.
Taxonomy
Niceforo's wren was first formally described in 1946 by the American ornithologist Rodolphe Meyer de Schauensee. The genus name derives from the Ancient Greek thruon - reed, and philos - loving. The species name commemorates Brother Nicéforo María, a Colombian missionary and herpetologist who provided Meyer de Schauensee with many specimens.
The type-locality site is San Gil on the río Fonce south of Bucaramanga, in Santander, where ten specimens were collected between 1944 and 1948.
Previously considered part of the genus Thryothorus and frequently treated as a subspecies of Rufous-and-white wren (Thryophilus rufalbus), Niceforo's wren is currently regarded as a full species. It is monotypic - there are no recognized subspecies.
Description
A medium-sized wren, averaging 14.5-15cm in length. Adult birds are dull olive-grey on the head and mantle, becoming slightly more rufescent on the back. The wings are finely barred, with more broad barring on the tail. A long white supercilium is bordered behind the eye by fine black lines. The face is marked by black and white streaks. The underparts are white becoming greyish on the sides and flanks. The undertail coverts show broad black barring. Juvenile birds have not been described.
Distribution and habitat
Distribution
Niceforo's wren is endemic to the valley of the Chicamocha River, as well as the Sogamoso, Suaréz, and Fonce river basins. These locations are within the departments of Boyacá and Santander, in the central northern part of Colombia.
After the first specimens of Niceforo's wren were collected during the 1940s, no further sightings were recorded until two birds were seen in that area in 1989 and 2000. This may reflect the fact that this area was difficult to visit from the 1950s onward due to guerilla activity.
In 2005 Oswaldo Cortes and colleagues discovered a disjunct population in the area of Soatá, approximately 100km south of San Gill, and in 2004-06 Thomas M Donegan and colleagues discovered a population in the Serranía de los Yariguíes, about 50km to the west of San Gill.
Habitat
This wren is found in dry forest at altitudes between 1132 and 1840m, in areas with abundant vegetation cover, a dense understory and abundant leaf litter. Its presence was found to be significantly correlated with that of Tricanthera gigantea, Acacia farnesiana, Sapindus saponaria and Pithecellobium dulce. A recent survey found populations of Niceforo's wren in riparian forest fragments with tangled vegetation composed by shrubs and thorn scrubs, and also along shaded edges of coffee and cacao plantations.
Behaviour
Feeding
Niceforo's wren is a largely terrestrial species, being found mostly within 2.66m of ground level. They appear to forage for food mainly in leaf litter on the ground and have also been observed gleaning for arthropods under dry leaves and pecking on branches and tree holes.
Breeding
It is a monogamous species. Pairs defend territories from 1 to 4 hectares along streams and rivers, and the maximum density has been calculated as one individual for every two hectares of habitat.
Nesting
Niceforo's wrens construct an elbow-shaped nest with an entrance at one side of the top and a globular base. These nests are located between 3 and 10m above the ground, typically in trees of 12-16m in height. Nesting materials included vegetable fibers of Tillandsia usneoides, fungal rhizomorphs (Marasmius spp.), plant twigs, and vines, forming a very dense structure. As has been observed in two other species of Thryophilus wrens as well as some other tropical bird species, Niceforo's wrens construct their nests near wasp colonies, a strategy that increases the rate of offspring survival as the wasps deter predators.
Status
Niceforo's wren is listed as critically endangered on both the IUCN Red List and the Red Book of the Birds of Colombia. Surveys between 2004 and 2008 recorded 77 individuals. Based on these data the IUCN estimates the current global population is approximately 30-200 mature individuals. The surviving population is highly fragmented, with no single location holding more than 50 individuals.
The major threat to this species is habitat loss. All known populations face a progressive loss of habitat caused by the transformation of forests into croplands, pressure from goat farming (which destroys the dense understructure the species prefers), forest fires and the drying up of streams and rivers.
Conservation efforts
Project Chicamocha was established in 2003 under the Conservation Leadership Programme to support the conservation of two species endemic to the dry forest of the Chicamocha Valley: Niceforo's wren and the Chestnut-bellied hummingbird. This work led to the establishment in 2009 of the Niceforo's Wren Natural Bird Reserve in Zapatoca. Run by the Colombian NGO Fundación ProAves, the reserve comprises 1,400 ha of dry forest habitat, protecting a population of 21 individuals discovered in Santander Department in 2008. Another population of the wren is protected within the Serranía de los Yariguíes National Nature Park.
The project also led to the consolidation of the Alliance Chicamocha for the conservation of biodiversity of the Chicamocha Canyon, made up of government entities, NGOs, the local community, research institutes and universities.
In the municipality of Soatá in Boyacá, the organization OCOTEA, the ornithology group of the Francisco José de Caldas District University, and the Fundación Ecodiversidad have worked towards the conservation of and research on Niceforo's wren. In this town there is strong support for conservation of biodiversity, including the founding of the first community reserve in the Chicamocha Canyon.
References
External links
Project Chicamocha: Threatened Avifauna of the Chicamocha's Dry Forest Valley, Colombia
Project Chicamocha II: Saving threatened dry forest biodiversity
Niceforo's wren
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Endemic birds of Colombia
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Niceforo's wren
Niceforo's wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2012 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach was the third race of the 2012 IndyCar Series season. The race was run on April 15, 2012 in Long Beach, California, United States at Streets of Long Beach.
Report
Background
The first two races of the 2012 IndyCar Series season were held in St. Petersburg and Barber. The races were dominated by Team Penske with two poles and two wins in a row. In St. Petersburg, Will Power took the pole and Hélio Castroneves won the victory, but at Barber things were reversed. Going into Long Beach, Castroneves led in the drivers' championship with 86 points, while Chevrolet led the manufacturers' championship.
Before the first practice, all Chevrolet entries were penalized because of unauthorized engine changes. This penalty moved the polesitter, Ryan Briscoe, from starting in the first position down to the 11th spot. Dario Franchitti, in the quickest non-Chevrolet car, started in the first position.
Classification
Starting grid
Race results
Notes
Points include 1 point for pole position and 2 points for most laps led.
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship
Note: Only the top five positions are included for the driver standings.
Manufacturers' Championship
See also
2012 American Le Mans Series at Long Beach
References
Grand Prix of Long Beach
Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
Stockmann plc is a Finnish retailer established in 1862.
Stockmann's eight company-owned department stores are in Finland (six), Estonia (one), and Latvia (one). There are an additional nine Stockmann-branded department stores in Russia owned and operated by Reviva Holdings, with a license to use the Stockmann name until 2023.
The Stockmann, Helsinki centre flagship store covers of retail space and welcomes more than 17 million visitors every year. It is the largest department store in the Nordic countries.
Stockmann owns and manages five shopping malls with of gross leasable area, of which half is occupied by Stockmann.
Lindex, owned by Stockmann, has 475 stores in 16 countries, including 39 franchised stores.
Stockmann has been a member of the International Association of Department Stores from 1950 to 2020, with various CEOs acting as presidents of the Association over time.
History
Stockmann was established by Georg Franz Stockmann, a merchant from Lübeck, Germany who took a job as a bookkeeper at a Nuutajärvi Glassworks store in Helsinki Senate Square. In 1859, Stockmann became the manager of the store. In 1862, Stockmann took control of the store and the Stockmann department store was officially established. In 1902, the company was renamed G.F. Stockmann Aktiebolag. The shareholders were Stockmann and his two sons, Karl and Frans. Stockmann died in 1906. In 1930, the Stockmann, Helsinki centre store was finished, complete with revolving doors, a soda fountain, and escalators. Also in 1930, Stockmann bought a neighbouring book store, Akateeminen kirjakauppa (, the Academic Bookstore). The first television transmission in Finland was broadcast from the department store in 1950.
In the 1950s, Stockmann opened a department store in Tampere. Stockmann opened department stores in Tapiola in 1981 and Turku in 1982. In 1986, the first () sales were held. The sales proved extremely popular and became a biannual event. The first Stockmann stores outside of Finland opened in Moscow in 1989, and in Tallinn in 1993. The northernmost department store, in Oulu, opened in 2001 and closed in 2017.
In 1989, Stockmann began operations in Russia, with the opening of a small stand in the GUM department store in Moscow.
In December 2007, Stockmann acquired Lindex, a Swedish clothing retailer with 331 outlets in the Nordic region and the Baltic states.
Stockmann sold Seppälä on 1 April 2015 to Seppälä's CEO Eveliina Melentjeff and her husband Timo Melentjeff.
In September 2015, Stockmann sold The Academic Bookstore to Bonnier Books AB media.
In February 2016, Stockmann sold its operations in Russia to Reviva Holdings. Stockmann continued to own and operate Nevsky Centre in Saint Petersburg until it was sold in January 2019.
On January 1, 2017, Stockmann sold Hobby Hall to SGN Group.
In 2017, the company sold its food division, Stockmann Herkku, to S Group for €27 million.
In May 2018, the company sold Kirjatalo, the building opposite their flagship store in Helsinki which houses the Academic Bookstore, for €108 million.
In March 2019, CEO Lauri Veijalainen resigned.
In June 2019, the company announced 150 layoffs.
Locations
Finland
Helsinki City Center, Stockmann's oldest and largest flagship store
Itis shopping centre, Helsinki
Jumbo shopping centre, Vantaa
Ainoa shopping centre, Espoo
Tampere
Turku, in Hansa shopping centre
Estonia and Latvia
Tallinn, Estonia
Riga, Latvia
Russia (under license)
Saint Petersburg, Russia
Moscow, Russia
Kazan, Russia
Yekaterinburg, Russia
Krasnodar, Russia
In January 2022, Sberbank and Yakov Panchenko, actual owner of Stockmann in Russia, announced the binding agreement for the purchase of 100% stake of Stockmann by the bank by June 2022. Presently, 100% of shares of Stockmann in Russia are hypothecated by "Sberbank".
References
External links
Companies based in Helsinki
Companies listed on Nasdaq Helsinki
Retail companies established in 1862
Department stores of Finland
1862 establishments in Finland
Finnish brands
The Great Falls Electrics were a minor league baseball team that operated out of Great Falls, Montana. The team was formed in 1911 as part of the old Union Association league. They also played in the Northwestern League from 1916 to 1917. The team disbanded at that time and then was reformed as part of the Pioneer League in 1948. They became an affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952 and remained with the Dodgers through 1963. The team was briefly called the Great Falls Dodgers during the 1957 season and the Great Falls Selectrics in 1949–1950.
In 1969, the team now known as the Great Falls Voyagers began play as the Great Falls Giants and they have remained active under different names since.
The ballpark
The Electrics played at Centene Stadium then called Legion Park, located at 1015 25th Street North Great Falls, Montana. The park is still in use today, as home of the Great Falls Voyagers of the Pioneer League.
Selectrics name change
On February 24, 1949, the advisory board of directors of the Great Falls Baseball Club agreed to change the name of the team to the Selectrics. Great Falls Breweries, Inc., the owner of the club, originally had hoped to rename the team the "Selects" to advertise its beer, but the Pioneer League rejected the proposed name change because it advertised a commercial product. The Pioneer League approved the name "Selectrics," however, which was a portmanteau of the Great Falls Breweries "Select" beer and the previous team name, "Electrics."
Notable alumni
Hall of Fame alumni
Bobby Cox (1963) Inducted, 2014
Joe Tinker (1900) Inducted, 1946
Notable alumni
Tony Boeckel (1916-1917)
Joe Bowman (1949-1950)
Bennie Daniels (1951)
John Roseboro (1953) 6 x MLB All-Star
Larry Sherry (1954) 1959 World Series Most Valuable Player
Year-by-year record
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Los Angeles Dodgers minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct Pioneer League (baseball) teams
Professional baseball teams in Montana
1963 disestablishments in Montana
Defunct sports teams in Montana
Baseball teams established in 1948
Sport clubs disestablished in 1963
1948 establishments in Montana
Sports in Great Falls, Montana
Defunct baseball teams in Montana
Union Association baseball teams
Baseball teams disestablished in 1963
"The Closer I Get to You" is a romantic ballad performed by singer-songwriter Roberta Flack and soul musician Donny Hathaway. The song was written by James Mtume and Reggie Lucas, two former members of Miles Davis's band, who were members of Flack's band at the time. Produced by Atlantic Records, the song was released on Flack's 1977 album Blue Lights in the Basement, and as a single in 1978. It became a major crossover hit, becoming Flack's biggest commercial hit after her success with her 1973 solo single, "Killing Me Softly with His Song". Originally set as a solo single, Flack's manager, David Franklin, suggested a duet with Hathaway, which resulted in the finished work.
"The Closer I Get to You" spent two weeks as number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart in April 1978, and peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 behind Yvonne Elliman's "If I Can't Have You" and Wings' "With a Little Luck". The song charted in the top ten spots for fourteen weeks in Canada and one week in France. It was eventually certified gold in the United States in May 1978, and became one of their most familiar duets.
Background and composition
"The Closer I Get to You" was written by Reggie Lucas and James Mtume, who were members of Roberta Flack's touring band and played on Blue Lights in the Basement. They wrote the song between tours and, during the sessions for the album, brought it to Flack's producer Joe Ferla, who played it for Flack. Ferla, Flack (as Rubina Flake) and Gene McDaniels produced the track, with Ahmet Ertegun serving as executive producer. Flack and Donny Hathaway, good friends while attending Howard University, had recorded a self-titled album of duets in 1972. Five years later, the duo collaborated again on "The Closer I Get to You".
"The Closer I Get to You" was not originally written as a duet. Flack's manager David Franklin, who had worked with Hathaway in the past, decided to re-write the song to include him. Hathaway had been suffering from severe bouts of clinical depression at the time, which often forced him to be hospitalized. The depression also caused mood swings, which adversely affected his partnership with Flack, who, following Hathaway's death, would tell Jet magazine:
I tried to reach out to Donny. That's how we managed to do the song we did last year. I felt this need because I didn't know what to do. I couldn't save him, I knew he was sick. But I knew when he sat down at that piano and sang for me it was like it was eight or nine years ago because he sang and played his ass off. In fact Hathaway's suffering had made it impossible for him to travel from Chicago to New York City to join Flack in the studio to record "The Closer I Get to You": Flack recorded her part of the song with a session singer as a stopgap duet partner, the track being sent to Chicago for Hathaway to add his vocal and then back to New York City for its final mixing.
Flack announced that "The Closer I Get to You" would forever be a dedication to Hathaway, and that all money made from the song would be donated to Hathaway's widow and two children. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, "The Closer I Get to You" is set in common time and moves at a tempo of 90 beats per minute. The song is written in the key of A major and follows the chord progression Dmaj9–Cm7–Fm7–Amaj7. Flack sings in the vocal range of C4–F5. "The Closer I Get to You" was released as a 7-inch single with "Love is the Healing" as its B-side.
Reception
Critical reception and accolades
Critics described "The Closer I Get to You" as Flack at the top of her form. The song came in at number 40 on Billboard poll of "The 40 Biggest Duets Of All Time", where it was described a "tender tune". Authors of All Music Guide To Rock: The Definitive Guide to Rock, Pop, and Soul described the song as ethereal. Alan Light of Vibe magazine characterized it as intimate and effortless as an overheard conversation. Author of 1001 Ways to Be Romantic, Gregory J. P. Godek, included the song in a list of "Best Love Song Duets". A writer of Jet magazine described the song as a "pop-soul classic". Carolyn Quick Tillery, author of Celebrating Our Equality, described the song as a lasting musical legacy. Devon Jarvis of Women's Health included Flack and Hathaway's version of "The Closer I Get to You" in "Favorite Karaoke Duets". While opening the "R&B Vault", Gail Mitchell of Billboard praised the song as a 1970s-era classic. While reviewing Blue Lights in the Basement, Jason Elias of the website Allmusic wrote, "The track easily attains the grace and gorgeous sound that a lot of the like-minded songs here just miss." Lewis Dene of BBC described "The Closer I Get to You" as a "soul masterpiece". Both Hathaway and Flack were nominated for a Grammy Award for their duet.
Chart performance
The song became the duo's second number one on the US R&B charts in 1978, and climbed to the number two spot on the Billboard Hot 100. "The Closer I Get to You" also peaked at number three on the Adult Contemporary charts.
Music video
A music video for "The Closer I Get to You" was shot and directed by Roberta Flack herself. The video begins with Flack's singing while sitting by a piano in a candle-lit room. Hathaway had died by the time the music video was shot, so as his verse plays, the camera zooms into a picture of Hathaway located on a table behind Flack's shoulder. Flack performs the rest of the song sitting by the piano, and the camera's direction occasionally looks over a candle flame during Hathaway's verses. The video ends with Flack's mouthing some of Hathaway's lyrics as she fades into the camera's view of the room lit by a single candle. A version of Flack's performing the song live circulated as its promotional music video.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification
Beyoncé and Luther Vandross version
Beyoncé and Luther Vandross's 2003 cover version of the song appeared on both Vandross' final album Dance with My Father and Beyoncé' solo debut Dangerously in Love. Their version was recorded at The Hit Factory and the Right Track Studios, in New York City. It follows a tempo of 98 beats per minute, slightly faster than the original version. It is set in the key of E major, and follows the chord progression Gm7–Cm7–Emaj9–A. It was serviced to US urban contemporary and urban adult contemporary radio on June 13, 2004.
Reception
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine called the song "dated" and wrote that it felt out of place on Dangerously in Love. Erika Ramirez of Billboard magazine also noted that "While the singer holds her own alongside the legend, the quiet storm duet feels out of place considering the electrifying feel of the majority of the album." Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly said: "A remake of ‘The Closer I Get to You' with Luther Vandross also sounds, sadly, a little dated." Spence D. of IGN Music commented "By the time Beyoncé has teamed up with the granddaddy of contemporary love jams, Luthor Vandross, on 'The Closer I Get To You', her album has descended into somewhat generic terrain. Sure, her vocals are on point and the music is adequately slick." Anthony DeCurtis of Rolling Stone wrote, "While she oozes charisma and has a fine voice, Beyoncé isn't in a class with the likes of Whitney Houston or Mariah Carey as a singer, a fact that 'The Closer I Get to You', her duet with the effortlessly smooth Luther Vandross, also makes clear."
Jason King of Vibe magazine wrote that Beyoncé had some "" to follow up a Jay-Z duet with a Luther Vandross duet on the album's track-listing. Rob Fitzpatrick of NME stated that "it's the irredeemably cheesy ballad with 80s cornball Luther Vandross that will make the voices in your head demand hot, fresh blood." By contrast, Lewis Dene of BBC gave the song a positive review, stating that it is guaranteed the number one slot on the US R&B charts. Consequence of Sounds Chris Coplan noted that the song contained "unintentional cheesy vibe, [which] seems way more heart-wrenching now [in 2013] than it did a decade ago" and added that Beyoncé' vocals contained a "real sweetness and innocence". Pamelia S. Phillips, the author of Singing for Dummies, credited Beyoncé' vocal performance on "The Closer I Get to You" as one of her best. Mark Anthony Neal of PopMatters gave Beyoncé and Vandross "vocal props" for their performance in the "quiet storm", but described the overall performance as flat. During the 46th Grammy Awards, this version of "The Closer I Get to You" won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
Beyoncé and Vandross' cover of "The Closer I Get to You debuted at number 76 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles and Tracks chart dated July 24, 2004. The next week it moved up to number 68, and on August 7 it peaked at number 62. The track spent a total of twenty weeks on the chart. On the airplay component of this chart, the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, "The Closer I Get to You" spent eight weeks and reached a peak of number 60.
Formats and track listingsUS promotional CD single'''
"The Closer I Get to You" (Radio Edit) – 4:26
"The Closer I Get to You" (Instrumental) – 6:28
"The Closer I Get to You" (Call Out Hook) – 0:10
Credits and personnel
Credits taken from Dangerously in Love liner notes.
Lead Vocals: B. Knowles, L. Vandross
Background Vocals: Cissy Houston, Tawatha Agee, Brenda White-King, Candace Thomas
Writing: J. Mtume, R. Lucas
Recording: Stan Wallace
Vocal engineer: Nat Adderley Jr., Skip Anderson
Mix engineer: Ray Bardani
Drums: Ivan Hampden Jr.
Bass: Byron Miller
Guitars: Phil Hamilton
Percussion: Bashiri Johnson
Electric piano: Nat Adderley Jr.
Sound programing and additional keyboards: Skip Anderson
Strings: Al Brown
String Arrangement: Nat Adderley Jr.
Concert Master: Sanford Allen
Producing: Nat Adderley Jr.
Other versions
"The Closer I Get To You" has been covered many times. The first was released by Mtume on their 1978 album Kiss This World Goodbye, sung by James Mtume and Tawatha Agee.
In 1990, Toshinobu Kubota and Lynn Davis performed a live duet rendition of the song.
In 1994, a cover was recorded by the smooth jazz band Fourplay for their third studio album Elixir which featured R&B and smooth jazz singers Patti Austin and Peabo Bryson.
Fourplay's cover of the song was described as an "undistinguished version" of the original song by Allmusic's Steven McDonald.
In 1998, Dennis Brown covered the song with Janet Kay for his compilation album The Prime of Dennis Brown. This version of the song contains digital keyboards and slick production. The song was also included on Brown's compilation album Money in My Pocket: Anthology 1970-1995.
Brazilian countertenor, pop and jazz singer Edson Cordeiro covered the song in his 1999 album Disco Clubbing 2 - Mestre de Cerimônia.
In 2005, Nina Girado covered the song with Thor for her album live album Nina Live!. A writer of The Philippine Star noted that Thor "matches Nina note for note on their duet". Girado's version of the song won in the category for Best Duet Award at the Awit Awards in 2006.
It was covered by Filipino acoustic band MYMP on their 2005 album Versions, with lyrics separately sung by Chin Alcantara and Juris Fernandez.
Contemporary jazz acoustic guitarist Peter White covered the song on his 1994 rendition-packed album Reflections featuring Boney James on the tenor saxophone.
Saxophonist Kim Waters included a version of the song on the soprano saxophone on his 2007 album You Are My Lady. It features the vocals by R&B singer Lisa Fischer.
The song was covered by American pop singer Johnny Mathis on his 2008 album, A Night to Remember.
On an episode of New York Undercover, guest star singers Brandy and Tevin Campbell sang the duet at Natalie's (a club in the TV series owned by Jose Perez character Mike Torres).
On an episode of Martin, Gina (played by Tisha Campbell-Martin) and singer Keith Washington performed, "The Closer I Get to You" at a party Gina was hosting.
In the film Rush Hour 3'', when Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan are at the French theater and the play has stopped, the song is sung by Tucker and Chan, with Tucker singing it in a high-pitched voice.
See also
List of RPM number-one singles of 1978
List of number-one R&B singles of 1978 (U.S.)
References
External links
1970s ballads
1978 singles
2003 singles
Roberta Flack songs
Donny Hathaway songs
Beyoncé songs
Luther Vandross songs
Songs written by Reggie Lucas
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Male–female vocal duets
Pop ballads
Rhythm and blues ballads
Soul ballads
1977 songs
Songs written by James Mtume
Atlantic Records singles
Palazzo Valmarana is a palace in Vicenza. It was built by Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio in 1565 for the noblewoman Isabella Nogarola Valmarana. Since 1994 it is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto".
History
The foundation medal of this building bears engraved the date 1566 as well as the bust of Isabella Nogarola Valmarana, and it is the latter who signed the construction contracts with the builders in December 1565. Nevertheless, no doubts can remain about the role her deceased husband, Giovanni Alvise (died 1558), played in choosing Palladio as designer of his family palace. In 1549, along with Girolamo Chiericati and Giangiorgio Trissino, Giovanni Alvise Valmarana had publicly supported Palladio's project for the porticoes of the Basilica Palladiana, evidently on the basis of an opinion formed six years prior, when Giovanni Alvise supervised the execution of ephemeral structures, conceived by Palladio under Trissino's direction, to honour the entrance into Vicenza of Bishop Niccolò Ridolfi (1543). Furthermore, it was a space designed by Palladio – the Valmarana Chapel in the church of Santa Corona – which would eventually host the mortal remains of Giovanni Alvise and Isabella, on the commission of their son Leonardo.
On the site later occupied by the new 16th century (Cinquecento) palace, the Valmarana family possessed buildings right from the end of the 15th century (Quattrocento), which were progressively combined until they became the object of Palladio's renovation. The planimetric irregularity of the internal spaces doubtless derives from the oblique orientation of the façade and of pre-existing walls. In this sense it becomes quite evident just how much the Olympian regularity of the palace illustrated in I quattro libri dell'architettura (1570) was the product of Palladio's usual theoretical abstraction, especially since not only was the extension of the palace beyond the square courtyard never realised, but nor does it seem it was even intended by Leonardo Valmarana, who bought up neighbouring properties rather than continuing the construction of the family palace.
The palazzo was heavily damaged during the World War II by an Allied bombing on 18 March 1945. The roof, part of the attic and most of the main hall at the piano nobile were destroyed. The façade however remained intact, and today represents a rare example of a façade surviving with its original plaster and marmorino. In 1960, the ruined palace was sold by the Valmarana family to Vittor Luigi Braga Rosa, who led an extended restoration, rebuilding the parts demolished by war. He also enriched the palace with many decorations and artworks, coming from other destroyed palaces, in particular a collection of Seicento paintings by Giulio Carpioni with mythological themes.
Description
The façade of the Palazzo Valmarana is both one of Palladio's most extraordinary and most individual realizations. For the first time in a palace, a giant order embraces the entire vertical expanse of the building: evidently this was a solution which found its origins in Palladio's experimentation with the façades of religious buildings, such as the almost contemporary façade of San Francesco della Vigna. Just as the nave and aisles are projected onto the same plane in the Venetian church, so too on the façade of the Palazzo Valmarana the stratification of two systems becomes evident: the giant order of the six Composite pilasters seems to be superimposed on the minor order of Corinthian pilasters, in a far more evident way at the edges where the absence of the final pilaster serves to reveal the underlying order which supports a bas-relief of a warrior who bears the Valmarana arms.
Rather than abstract geometrical constructions, the compositional logic of these civil and religious façades derived from Palladio's familiarity with the techniques of draughting, in particular the orthogonal representations by which he visualised projects and reconstructed antique buildings, and which moreover allowed him a punctilious control over the relationships between the building's interior and exterior.
See also
Villa Valmarana (Lisiera)
Loggia Valmarana
References
External links
Official site
Palazzo Valmarana in the CISA website
Houses completed in 1565
Valmarana
Renaissance architecture in Vicenza
Andrea Palladio buildings
1565 establishments in the Republic of Venice
Back to Then is the first studio album by the American singer Darius Rucker, lead singer of Hootie & The Blowfish. The album was a departure for him as this project was an R&B album, as compared to his group's pop rock work and his later country solo albums.
The song "This Is My World" was used in the soundtrack for the film, Shallow Hal.
Track listing
"Wild One" (Vidal Davis, Andre Harris, Ryan Toby) – 3:38
"Exodus" (Carvin Haggins, Darren Henson, Keith Pelzer) – 4:11
"Sometimes I Wonder" (featuring Jill Scott) (Davis, Aja Graydon, Harris, Darius Rucker, Jill Scott) – 4:14
"Back to Then" (Harris, Kipper Jones, Rucker, Derek Washington) – 4:58
"This Is My World" (Henson, Pelzer, Rucker, Kenna Zemedkun) – 5:05
"I'm Glad You're Mine" (Al Green) – 3:05
"Butterfly" (Peter Black) – 4:31
"Hold On" (Jimmy Cozier, Justin Cozier, S. Phillips, Rucker) – 4:06
"Ten Years" (Edward Ferrell, Darren Lighty, Cynthia Loving, Rucker) – 3:56
"One More Night" (Jazz Nixon, Rucker) – 4:17
"Amazing Grace" (Interlude) (John Newton) – 0:48
"Somewhere" (Daniel Johnson, Nixon, Rucker) – 3:41 ♯
"Sleeping in My Bed" (featuring Snoop Dogg) (Darrell Allamby, Calvin Broadus, Kenneth Dickerson, Antoinette Roberson, Rucker) – 4:43
♯ – Track 12, "Somewhere" (13:18 long on the CD mix), contains a piano version of "Ten Years" as a hidden track.
Personnel
Credits adapted from album's liner notes.
Darrell "Delite" Allamby – backing vocals (track 13)
Arden Altino – co-producer (track 8)
Davis Barnett – viola (track 5)
Rob Chiarelli – mixing (tracks 1-5)
Chris Conway – engineer (track 8)
Jimmy Cozier – producer, vocal arrangements, and backing vocals (track 8)
Mike Davis – trombone (track 10)
Vidal Davis – producer (tracks 1, 3, 4), engineer and drums (track 3)
Ivan Dupée – producer, engineer, mixing, programming, bass guitar, clavinet, drum programming, Fender Rhodes, organ, synthesizer, and vocal arrangements (track 13)
Ethan Farmer – bass guitar (track 12)
Edward "DJ Eddie F" Ferrell – producer, arrangements, drum programming, and instrumentation (track 9)
Erik Ferrell – assistant engineer (track 9)
Brian Garten – engineer (track 6)
Serban Ghenea – engineer (tracks 1, 2, 4)
Ask Giz – engineer (track 9)
Larry Gold – strings (track 3), cello (track 5)
Vivian Green – backing vocals (track 4)
Carvin Haggins – producer and backing vocals (track 2)
Woody Harrelson – backing vocals (track 8)
Andre Harris – producer (tracks 1, 3, 4), engineer and keyboards (track 3)
Keith Henderson – guitar (track 13)
Darren Henson – producer (tracks 2, 5)
Shawn Hibbler – drum fills and hi-hats (track 13)
Travis House – producer (tracks 6, 7), engineer and mixing (track 7)
Jim Hynes – trumpet (track 10)
Gwen Jackson – backing vocals (track 2)
Jeeve – producer (tracks 6, 7), engineer and mixing (track 7)
Daniel Johnson – backing vocals (tracks 10, 12)
Kipper Jones – backing vocals (track 4)
Jeff Kievit – trumpet (track 10)
Olga Konopelsky – violin (track 5)
Emma Kummrow – violin (track 5)
Darren Lighty – producer, arrangements, drum programming, and instrumentation (track 9)
David Lopez – engineer (tracks 10, 12)
Lil' Mo – backing vocals (track 9)
Joe Mardin – horn arrangements (track 10)
Darius “D-Rain" McGuire – backing vocals (track 8)
Musiq – backing vocals (track 2)
Jazz Nixon – producer (tracks 10, 12)
Richard Patterson – bass fills (track 13)
Keith Pelzer – producer (tracks 2, 5), engineer and Fender Rhodes (track 5)
Kevin Perry – assistant engineer (track 9)
Gus Rickette – drum programming (track 13)
Paul Riezer – violin (track 5)
Antoinette Roberson – backing vocals (track 13)
Eric Roberson – backing vocals (tracks 1, 4, 13)
Jacob Robinson – engineer and mixing (track 13)
Darius Rucker – lead vocals (all tracks), vocal arrangements and backing vocals (tracks 8, 13)
Erik Sayles – acoustic guitar (tracks 2, 4)
Jill Scott – lead vocals and vocal arrangements (track 3)
Andy Snitzer – saxophone (track 10)
Snoop Dogg – additional vocals (track 13)
Greg Tepperman – violin (track 5)
Ryan Toby – vocal arrangements and backing vocals (track 1)
Terry Tribbett – bass guitar (tracks 3, 5)
Sid Vee – co-producer (track 8)
Dave Way – mixing (tracks 6, 8-10, 12)
Jimmy "June Bug" White – engineer (track 3)
Josh Wilbur – engineer (track 10)
Byron Williams – organ (tracks 10, 12)
Jay Williams – guitar (track 12)
Rick Williams – guitar and bass guitar (track 10)
Kenna Zemedkun – backing vocals (track 2)
Chart performance
References
2002 debut albums
Darius Rucker albums
Hidden Beach Recordings albums
Contemporary R&B albums by American artists
Neo soul albums
Soul albums by American artists
Fernando Octavio Assunção Formica (12 January 1931 in Montevideo – 3 May 2006 in São Paulo) was a Uruguayan historian, anthropologist, scholar, historian, and writer.
He specialized in social anthropology, writing works about Uruguayan folklore and the Gaucho.
Works
Génesis del tipo gaucho en el Río de la Plata (1957).
Usos y costumbres del gaucho.
Romancero oriental.
El mate (Bolsilibros Arca, 1967).
Pilchas criollas (1976, reeditado por Emecé en 1997). .
Artigas, Inauguración de su Mausoleo y Glosario de Homenajes (en colaboración con Wilfredo Pérez).
El perro cimarrón.
Tradición, factor de integración cultural del individuo en la comunidad.
De Uruguay, América y el Mundo.
"Cuadernos del Boston", serie sobre los barrios de Montevideo, 1990–1993, en colaboración con Iris Bombet Franco:
1. La Ciudad Vieja,
2. La Aguada,
3. La Unión,
4. Pocitos,
5. 18 de Julio,
6. Colón.
Uruguay, lo mejor de lo nuestro (con fotografías de Julio Testoni).
El tango y sus circunstancias (El Ateneo, Buenos Aires).
Colonia del Sacramento, Patrimonio Mundial (coautoría con Antonio Cravotto, prólogo de Federico Mayor Zaragoza, introducción de Marta Canessa de Sanguinetti; Ediciones UNESCO, Montevideo, 1996).
Epopeya y tragedia de Manuel de Lobo. Biografía del fundador de Colonia del Sacramento (1635–1683) (Linardi y Risso, 2003).
Historia del gaucho (Claridad, 2006). .
El caballo criollo (Emecé, Buenos Aires, 2008).
Bailes criollos rioplatenses (con Olga Fernández Latour de Botas y Beatriz Durante, Claridad, 2012)
References
1931 births
2006 deaths
Uruguayan people of Portuguese descent
20th-century Uruguayan historians
Uruguayan folklorists
Uruguayan anthropologists
Cultural anthropologists
21st-century Uruguayan historians
20th-century Uruguayan male writers
20th-century anthropologists
Pleasantville is an unincorporated community in Jefferson Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
A post office was established at Pleasantville in 1865, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1964.
Geography
Pleasantville is located at .
Education
Pleasantville's high school, built in 1916, closed in 1965 when it was consolidated into Union High School in nearby Dugger. However, the high school gym, constructed in 1954, is still used by the community. It hosted a Union High School basketball game in the 2014–15 season, with the Union team wearing Pleasantvllle Blue Streak uniforms.
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
The 1895 Pittsburgh Athletic Club football season was their fifth season in existence. The team finished with a record of 7–2–1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pittsburgh Athletic Club
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football seasons
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football
Acrolepia oxyglypta is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1929
Acrolepiidae
Pimpode Budruk is one of the largest villages in Koregaon in the Satara District of Maharashtra state of India. Its population is around 9,000. The village has temples dedicated to Bhairava, Ganapati, Hanuman, and Ghumai Devi.
Schools
Zilla parishad prathmik shala ( 1 -4)
Yashvantrao Chavan Vidyalay ( 5-10)
Bharat Vidya Mandir Wagholi (11th and 12th)
References
Villages in Satara district
Electroreception and electrogenesis are the closely-related biological abilities to perceive electrical stimuli and to generate electric fields. Both are used to locate prey; stronger electric discharges are used in a few groups of fishes to stun prey. The capabilities are found almost exclusively in aquatic or amphibious animals, since water is a much better conductor of electricity than air. In passive electrolocation, objects such as prey are detected by sensing the electric fields they create. In active electrolocation, fish generate a weak electric field and sense the different distortions of that field created by objects that conduct or resist electricity. Active electrolocation is practised by two groups of weakly electric fish, the Gymnotiformes (knifefishes) and the Mormyridae (elephantfishes), and by Gymnarchus niloticus, the African knifefish. An electric fish generates an electric field using an electric organ, modified from muscles in its tail. The field is called weak if it is only enough to detect prey, and strong if it is powerful enough to stun or kill. The field may be in brief pulses, as in the elephantfishes, or a continuous wave, as in the knifefishes. Some strongly electric fish, such as the electric eel, locate prey by generating a weak electric field, and then discharge their electric organs strongly to stun the prey; other strongly electric fish such as the electric ray electrolocate passively. The stargazers are unique in being strongly electric but not using electrolocation.
The electroreceptive ampullae of Lorenzini evolved early in the history of the vertebrates; they are found in both cartilaginous fishes such as sharks, and in bony fishes such as coelacanths and sturgeons, and must therefore be ancient. Most bony fishes have secondarily lost their ampullae of Lorenzini, but other non-homologous electroreceptors have repeatedly evolved, including in two groups of mammals, the monotremes (platypus and echidnas) and the cetaceans (Guiana dolphin).
History
In 1678, while doing dissections of sharks, the Italian physician Stefano Lorenzini discovered organs on their heads now called ampullae of Lorenzini. He published his findings in Osservazioni intorno alle torpedini. The electroreceptive function of these organs was established by R. W. Murray in 1960.
In 1921, the German anatomist Viktor Franz described the knollenorgans (tuberous organs) in the skin of the elephantfishes, again without knowledge of their function as electroreceptors.
In 1949, the Ukrainian-British zoologist Hans Lissmann noticed that the African knife fish (Gymnarchus niloticus) was able to swim backwards at the same speed and with the same dexterity around obstacles as when it swam forwards, avoiding collisions. He demonstrated in 1950 that the fish was producing a variable electric field, and that the fish reacted to any change in the electric field around it.
Electrolocation
Electroreceptive animals use the sense to locate objects around them. This is important in ecological niches where the animal cannot depend on vision: for example in caves, in murky water and at night. Electrolocation can be passive, sensing electric fields such as those generated by the muscle movements of buried prey, or active, the electrogenic predator generating a weak electric field to allow it to distinguish between conducting and non-conducting objects in its vicinity.
Passive electrolocation
In passive electrolocation, the animal senses the weak bioelectric fields generated by other animals and uses it to locate them. These electric fields are generated by all animals due to the activity of their nerves and muscles. A second source of electric fields in fish is the ion pump associated with osmoregulation at the gill membrane. This field is modulated by the opening and closing of the mouth and gill slits.
Passive electroreception usually relies upon ampullary receptors such as ampullae of Lorenzini which are sensitive to low frequency stimuli, below 50 Hz. These receptors have a jelly-filled canal leading from the sensory receptors to the skin surface.
Active electrolocation
In active electrolocation, the animal senses its surrounding environment by generating weak electric fields (electrogenesis) and detecting distortions in these fields using electroreceptor organs. This electric field is generated by means of a specialised electric organ consisting of modified muscle or nerves. Animals that use active electroreception include the weakly electric fish, which either generate small electrical pulses (termed "pulse-type"), as in the Mormyridae, or produce a quasi-sinusoidal discharge from the electric organ (termed "wave-type"), as in the Gymnotidae.
Many of these fish, such as Gymnarchus and Apteronotus, keep their body rather rigid, swimming forwards or backwards with equal facility by undulating fins that extend most of the length of their bodies. Swimming backwards may help them to search for and assess prey using electrosensory cues. Experiments by Lannoo and Lannoo in 1993 support Lissmann's proposal that this style of swimming with a straight back works effectively given the constraints of active electrolocation. Apteronotus can select and catch larger Daphnia water fleas among smaller ones, and they do not discriminate against artificially-darkened water fleas, in both cases with or without light.
These fish create a potential usually smaller than one volt (1 V). Weakly electric fish can discriminate between objects with different resistance and capacitance values, which may help in identifying objects. Active electroreception typically has a range of about one body length, though objects with an electrical impedance similar to that of the surrounding water are nearly undetectable.
Active electrolocation relies upon tuberous electroreceptors which are sensitive to high frequency (20-20,000 Hz) stimuli. These receptors have a loose plug of epithelial cells which capacitively couples the sensory receptor cells to the external environment. Elephantfish (Mormyridae) from Africa have tuberous electroreceptors known as Knollenorgans and Mormyromasts in their skin.
Elephantfish emit short pulses to locate their prey. Capacitative and resistive objects affect the electric field differently, enabling the fish to locate objects of different types within a distance of about a body length. Resistive objects increase the amplitude of the pulse; capacitative objects introduce distortions.
The Gymnotiformes, including the glass knifefish (Sternopygidae) and the electric eel (Gymnotidae), differ from the Mormyridae in emitting a continuous wave, approximating a sine wave, from their electric organ. As in the Mormyridae, the generated electric field enables them to discriminate accurately between capacitative and resistive objects.
Electrocommunication
Weakly electric fish can communicate by modulating the electrical waveform they generate. They may use this to attract mates and in territorial displays. Electric catfish frequently use their electric discharges to ward off other species from their shelter sites, whereas with their own species they have ritualized fights with open-mouth displays and sometimes bites, but rarely use electric organ discharges.
When two glass knifefishes (Sternopygidae) come close together, both individuals shift their discharge frequencies in a jamming avoidance response.
In bluntnose knifefishes, Brachyhypopomus, the electric discharge pattern is similar to the low voltage electrolocative discharge of the electric eel, Electrophorus. This is hypothesized to be Batesian mimicry of the powerfully-protected electric eel. Brachyhypopomus males produce a continuous electric "hum" to attract females; this consumes 11–22% of their total energy budget, whereas female electrocommunication consumes only 3%. Large males produced signals of larger amplitude, and these are preferred by the females. The cost to males is reduced by a circadian rhythm, with more activity coinciding with night-time courtship and spawning, and less at other times.
Fish that prey on electrolocating fish may "eavesdrop" on the discharges of their prey to detect them. The electroreceptive African sharptooth catfish (Clarias gariepinus) may hunt the weakly electric mormyrid, Marcusenius macrolepidotus in this way. This has driven the prey, in an evolutionary arms race, to develop more complex or higher frequency signals that are harder to detect.
Some shark embryos and pups "freeze" when they detect the characteristic electric signal of their predators.
Evolution and taxonomic distribution
In vertebrates, passive electroreception is an ancestral trait, meaning that it was present in their last common ancestor. The ancestral mechanism is called ampullary electroreception, from the name of the receptive organs involved, ampullae of Lorenzini. These evolved from the mechanical sensors of the lateral line, and exist in cartilaginous fishes (sharks, rays, and chimaeras), lungfishes, bichirs, coelacanths, sturgeons, paddlefishes, aquatic salamanders, and caecilians. Ampullae of Lorenzini appear to have been lost early in the evolution of bony fishes and tetrapods, though the evidence for absence in many groups is incomplete and unsatisfactory. Where electroreception does occur in these groups, it has secondarily been acquired in evolution, using organs other than and not homologous with ampullae of Lorenzini.
Electric organs have evolved at least eight separate times, each one forming a clade: twice during the evolution of cartilaginous fishes, creating the electric skates and rays, and six times during the evolution of the bony fishes. Passively-electrolocating groups, including those that move their heads to direct their electroreceptors, are shown without symbols. Non-electrolocating species are not shown. Actively electrolocating fish are marked with a small yellow lightning flash and their characteristic discharge waveforms. Fish able to deliver electric shocks are marked with a red lightning flash .
{{clade
|label1=Vertebrates
|1={{clade
|label1=Lampreys
|1=
|sublabel1=End-bud recep.
|label2=Jawed fishes
|sublabel2=Amp. of Lorenz. |2=
}}
}}
Cartilaginous fish
Sharks and rays (Elasmobranchii) rely on electrolocation using their ampullae of Lorenzini in the final stages of their attacks, as can be demonstrated by the robust feeding response elicited by electric fields similar to those of their prey. Sharks are the most electrically sensitive animals known, responding to direct current fields as low as 5 nV/cm.
Bony fish
Two groups of teleost fishes are weakly electric and actively electroreceptive: the Neotropical knifefishes (Gymnotiformes) and the African elephantfishes (Notopteroidei), enabling them to navigate and find food in turbid water. The Gymnotiformes include the electric eel, which besides the group's use of low-voltage electrolocation, is able to generate high voltage electric shocks to stun its prey. Such powerful electrogenesis makes use of large electric organs modified from muscles. These consist of a stack of electrocytes, each capable of generating a small voltage; the voltages are effectively added together (in series) to provide a powerful electric organ discharge.
Monotremes
The monotremes, including the semi-aquatic platypus and the terrestrial echidnas, are the only group of mammals that have evolved electroreception. While the electroreceptors in fish and amphibians evolved from mechanosensory lateral line organs, those of monotremes are based on cutaneous glands innervated by trigeminal nerves. The electroreceptors of monotremes consist of free nerve endings located in the mucous glands of the snout. Among the monotremes, the platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) has the most acute electric sense. The platypus localises its prey using almost 40,000 electroreceptors arranged in front-to-back stripes along the bill. The arrangement is highly directional, being most sensitive off to the sides and below. By making short quick head movements called saccades, platypuses accurately locate their prey. The platypus appears to use electroreception along with pressure sensors to determine the distance to prey from the delay between the arrival of electrical signals and pressure changes in water.
The electroreceptive capabilities of the four species of echidna are much simpler. Long-beaked echidnas (genus Zaglossus) have some 2,000 receptors, while short-beaked echidnas (Tachyglossus aculeatus) have around 400, near the end of the snout. This difference can be attributed to their habitat and feeding methods. Western long-beaked echidnas feed on earthworms in leaf litter in tropical forests, wet enough to conduct electrical signals well. Short-beaked echidnas feeds mainly on termites and ants, which live in nests in dry areas; the nest interiors are presumably humid enough for electroreception to work. Experiments have shown that echidnas can be trained to respond to weak electric fields in water and moist soil. The electric sense of the echidna is hypothesised to be an evolutionary remnant from a platypus-like ancestor.
Dolphins
Dolphins have evolved electroreception in structures different from those of fish, amphibians and monotremes. The hairless vibrissal crypts on the rostrum of the Guiana dolphin (Sotalia guianensis''), originally associated with mammalian whiskers, are capable of electroreception as low as 4.8 μV/cm, sufficient to detect small fish. This is comparable to the sensitivity of electroreceptors in the platypus.
Bees
Until recently, electroreception was known only in vertebrates. Recent research has shown that bees can detect the presence and pattern of a static charge on flowers.
See also
Active sensory systems
Feature detection (nervous system)
Magnetoreception
References
Further reading
External links
ReefQuest Centre for Shark Research
Electrolocation on Scholarpedia
Video clips of Gnathonemus, Apteronotus, and Ameiurus
Electroreceptive animals
Ethology
Ichthyology
Perception
Physiology
Sensory systems
The chestnut-tipped toucanet (Aulacorhynchus derbianus) is a South American species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It occurs in humid highland forests along the east Andean slope from southernmost Colombia to central Bolivia. It was formerly considered conspecific with Whitely's toucanet.
References
Bonaccorso, E., Guayasamin, J. M., Peterson, A. T., and Navarro-Sigüenza, A. G. (2011). Molecular phylogeny and systematics of Neotropical toucanets in the genus Aulacorhynchus (Aves, Ramphastidae). Zoologica Scripta, 40.
chestnut-tipped toucanet
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
chestnut-tipped toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Brydges or Bridges (1678–1751), of Avington, Hampshire, was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons for 39 years between 1708 and 1751.
Brydges was born in July 1678, the only son of George Rodney Brydges and his wife Anna Maria Talbot, Countess of Shrewsbury. He was probably educated at Winchester College from 1686 to 1691 and travelled abroad in Holland in 1696.
He succeeded his father to Avington House in 1714 and uncle Harry Brydges at Keynsham, Somerset in 1728.
Brydges stood for parliament at Whitchurch at the 1708 general election, and though defeated in the poll, was returned on petition on 21 December 1708 as a Whig Member of Parliament. He did not stand in 1710. He married by licence dated 2 December 1712, Anne Woolfe, daughter of Sir Joseph Woolfe, mercer, of Hackney. His father died in 1714 and he was returned as MP for Winchester in his place at the succeeding by-election on 15 March 1714.
Brydges was returned as MP for Winchester the 1715 general election and in all succeeding general elections in 1722, 1727, 1734, 1741 up to and including the 1747 general election.
Brydges was paralytic in old age and was found drowned on 13 May 1751 in a canal in his gardens at Avington. He was buried in the parish church. He had no children and left most of his estate to Henry Brydges, 2nd Duke of Chandos.
References
1678 births
1751 deaths
People from the City of Winchester
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1747–1754
Zollikon is a railway station in Switzerland, situated near to the banks of Lake Zurich in the municipality of Zollikon. The station is on the Lake Zurich right bank railway line.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Zürich
Swiss Federal Railways stations
The 'ndrina (, plural: ; , plural: ) is the basic unit of the 'Ndrangheta of Calabria, made up of blood relatives, and is the equivalent of the Sicilian Mafia's "family" or cosca. The word derives from the Greek, meaning "a man who does not bend". Each 'ndrina is "autonomous on its territory and no formal authority stands above the 'ndrina boss." The 'ndrina is usually in control of a small town or a neighbourhood in larger cities, even outside Calabria, in cities and towns in the industrial North of Italy in and around Turin and Milan.
If more than one 'ndrina operates in the same town, they form a locale, the main local organizational unit of the 'Ndrangheta with jurisdiction over an entire town or an area in a large urban center. In some cases, sub- 'ndrine have been established. The 'ndrine enjoy a high degree of autonomy – they have a leader (the capobastone) and independent staff. In some contexts the 'ndrine have become more powerful than the locale on which they formally depend.
Blood family and membership of the crime family overlap to a great extent within the 'Ndrangheta. By and large, the 'ndrine consist of men belonging to the same family lineage under the command of the capobastone. Salvatore Boemi, Anti-mafia prosecutor in Reggio Calabria, told the Italian Antimafia Commission that "one becomes a member for the simple fact of being born in a mafia family," although other reasons might attract a young man to seek membership, and non-kin have also been admitted. Marriages help cement relations within each 'ndrina and to expand membership. As a result, a few blood families constitute each group, hence "a high number of people with the same last name often end up being prosecuted for membership of a given 'ndrina." Indeed, since there is no limit to the membership of a single unit, bosses try to maximize descendants.
References
External links
Gratteri, Nicola & Antonio Nicaso (2006). Fratelli di sangue, Cosenza: Pellegrini Editore,
Nicaso, Antonio & Marcel Danesi (2013). Made Men: Mafia Culture and the Power of Symbols, Rituals, and Myth, Rowman & Littlefield Publishers,
Paoli, Letizia (2003). Mafia Brotherhoods: Organized Crime, Italian Style, New York: Oxford University Press (Review by Klaus Von Lampe) (Review by Alexandra V. Orlova)
Varese, Federico. How Mafias Migrate: The Case of the 'Ndrangheta in Northern Italy, Discussion Papers in Economic and Social History, Number 59, University of Oxford, July 2005
History of the 'Ndrangheta
Organized crime terminology
Italian words and phrases
Rhagoletis indifferens, the western cherry fruit fly, is a pest that lives only on cherries. The adult form of this insect is slightly smaller than a housefly, with white stripes across the abdomen, yellow markings near the base of the wings, and black markings on the wings. The larva, which is the stage of this insect's lifecycle that causes the actual damage to the fruit, is similar to a typical fly larva or maggot. Female flies lay eggs in the cherries, where the larvae feed for 1–2 weeks before exiting. Western cherry fruit flies damage fruit by feeding, in both the adult and larval stages.
Distribution
This species is found in southeastern British Columbia in Canada, and Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming in the United States. It has been introduced to Switzerland.
References
Washington State University Fact Sheet
indifferens
Agricultural pest insects
Insects described in 1932
Football Champion is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language sports film produced by T. E. Vasudevan under the banner of Jaya Maruthi, directed by A. B. Raj and written by V. Devan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sujatha, Jayakumari, K. P. Ummer, Adoor Bhasi and Innocent in the lead roles. The film has musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Vijayan/Veera Swami (Double Role)
Sujatha as Thulasi
Innocent as Football Player
Adoor Bhasi as KPK Nair
Sankaradi as Coach Pilla
T. R. Omana
Paul Vengola
Alummoodan as Mathachan Muthalali
G. K. Pillai
Jayakumari
K. P. Ummer as Ravi
Paravoor Bharathan as Roti Raman Pillai
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan
Seema
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by A. B. Raj
Gale is a crater, and probable dry lake, at in the northwestern part of the Aeolis quadrangle on Mars. It is in diameter and estimated to be about 3.5–3.8 billion years old. The crater was named after Walter Frederick Gale, an amateur astronomer from Sydney, Australia, who observed Mars in the late 19th century. Aeolis Mons is a mountain in the center of Gale and rises high. Aeolis Palus is the plain between the northern wall of Gale and the northern foothills of Aeolis Mons. Peace Vallis, a nearby outflow channel, 'flows' down from the hills to the Aeolis Palus below and seems to have been carved by flowing water. Several lines of evidence suggest that a lake existed inside Gale shortly after the formation of the crater.
The NASA Mars rover Curiosity, of the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) mission, landed in "Yellowknife" Quad 51 of Aeolis Palus in Gale at 05:32 UTC August 6, 2012. NASA named the landing location Bradbury Landing on August 22, 2012. Curiosity is exploring Aeolis Mons and surrounding areas.
Description
Gale, named for Walter F. Gale (1865–1945), an amateur astronomer from Australia, spans in diameter and holds a mountain, Aeolis Mons (informally named "Mount Sharp" to pay tribute to geologist Robert P. Sharp) rising from the crater floor, higher than Mount Rainier rises above Seattle. Gale is roughly the size of Connecticut and Rhode Island.
The crater formed when an asteroid or comet hit Mars in its early history, about 3.5 to 3.8 billion years ago. The impactor punched a hole in the terrain, and the subsequent explosion ejected rocks and soil that landed around the crater. Layering in the central mound (Aeolis Mons) suggests it is the surviving remnant of an extensive sequence of deposits. Some scientists believe the crater filled in with sediments and, over time, the relentless Martian winds carved Aeolis Mons, which today rises about above the floor of Gale—three times higher than the Grand Canyon is deep.
At 10:32 p.m. PDT on Aug. 5, 2012 (1:32 a.m. EDT on Aug. 6, 2012), the Mars Science Laboratory rover Curiosity landed on Mars at , at the foot of the layered mountain inside Gale. Curiosity landed within a landing ellipse approximately by . The landing ellipse is about below Martian "sea level" (defined as the average elevation around the equator). The expected near-surface atmospheric temperatures at the landing site during Curiositys primary mission (1 Martian year or 687 Earth days) are from to .
Scientists chose Gale as the landing site for Curiosity because it has many signs that water was present over its history. The crater's geology is notable for containing both clays and sulfate minerals, which form in water under different conditions and may also preserve signs of past life. The history of water at Gale, as recorded in its rocks, is giving Curiosity many clues to study as it pieces together whether Mars ever could have been a habitat for microbes. Gale contains a number of fans and deltas that provide information about lake levels in the past, including: Pancake Delta, Western Delta, Farah Vallis delta and the Peace Vallis Fan.
Geology
Orbital THEMIS and topography data, plus visible and near-infrared images, were used to make a geologic map of the crater. CRISM data indicated the lower bench unit was composed of interstratified clay and sulfates. Curiosity explored the stratigraphy of the crater consisting of the Bradbury Group and the overlying Mount Sharp Group. Formations within the Bradbury Group include the Yellowknife and Kimberley, while the Murray Formation is at the base of the Mount Sharp Group. The Bradbury Group consists of fluvial conglomerates, cross-bedded sandstones, and mudstones reflecting a basaltic provenance. Sandstone clinoforms indicate deltaic deposits. The Murray Formation is a laminated mudstone overlain by a cross-bedded or clinoform sandstone, though in places the base is a conglomerate. Thus, the formation is interpreted to have been deposited in a lacustrine environment adjacent to a fluvial-deltaic one. The Murray Formation is overlain by clay and sulfate-bearing strata.
An unusual feature of Gale is an enormous mound of "sedimentary debris" around its central peak, officially named Aeolis Mons (popularly known as "Mount Sharp") rising above the northern crater floor and above the southern crater floor—slightly taller than the southern rim of the crater itself. The mound is composed of layered material and may have been laid down over a period of around 2 billion years. The origin of this mound is not known with certainty, but research suggests it is the eroded remnant of sedimentary layers that once filled the crater completely, possibly originally deposited on a lakebed. Evidence of fluvial activity was observed early on in the mission at the Shaler outcrop (first observed on Sol 120, investigated extensively between Sols 309-324). Observations made by the rover Curiosity at the Pahrump Hills strongly support the lake hypothesis: sedimentary facies including sub mm-scale horizontally-laminated mudstones, with interbedded fluvial crossbeds are representative of sediments which accumulate in lakes, or on the margins of lakes which grow and contract in response to lake-level. These lake-bed mudstones are referred to as the Murray Formation, and form a significant amount of the Mount Sharp group. The Siccar Point group (named after the famous unconformity at Siccar Point) overlies the Mount Sharp group, and the two units are separated by a major unconformity which dips toward the North. At present, the Stimson formation is the only stratigraphic unit within the Siccar Point group which has been investigated in-detail by Curiosity. The Stimson formation represents the preserved expression of a dry aeolian dune field, where sediment was transported towards the north, or northeast by palaeowinds within the crater. In the Emerson plateau area (from Marias Pass, to East Glacier), the outcrops are characterised predominantly by simple cross-sets, deposited by simple sinuous-crested dunes, with heights up to ~10 m. To the south, at the Murray buttes, the outcrop are characterised by compound cross-sets, with a hierarchy of bounding surfaces migration of small dunes superimposed on the lee-slope of a large dune known as a "draa". These draas have estimates heights of ~40 m, and migrated toward the north, while superimposed dunes migrated toward the east-northeast. Further to the south, at the Greenheugh pediment, compound and simple cross-sets consistent with aeolian depositional processes have been observed in the pediment capping unit. Observations made during the ascent of the Greenheugh pediment between Sols 2665-2734 demonstrated that the pediment capping unit has sedimentary textures, facies and architecture that are consistent with the rest of the Stimson formation. Furthermore, analysis of sedimentary facies and architecture provided evidence which indicates fluctuating wind directions, from a seasonal temporal scale - recorded by interstratified windripple and avalanche strata, through to millennial time scales recorded by reversal of the sediment transport direction. These wind reversals suggest variable and changeable atmospheric circulation during this time.
Observations of possible cross-bedded strata on the upper mound suggest aeolian processes, but the origin of the lower mound layers remains ambiguous.
In February 2019, NASA scientists reported that the Mars Curiosity rover had determined, for the first time, the density of Mount Sharp in Gale, thereby establishing a clearer understanding of how the mountain was formed.
Gale is located at about on Mars.
Spacecraft exploration
Numerous channels eroded into the flanks of the crater's central mound could give access to the layers for study. Gale is the landing site of the Curiosity rover, delivered by the Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft, which was launched 26 November 2011 and landed on Mars inside the crater Gale on the plains of Aeolis Palus on 6 August 2012. Gale was previously a candidate landing site for the 2003 Mars Exploration Rover mission, and has been one of four prospective sites for ESA's ExoMars.
In December 2012, scientists working on the Mars Science Laboratory mission announced that an extensive soil analysis of Martian soil performed by Curiosity showed evidence of water molecules, sulphur and chlorine, as well as hints of organic compounds. However, terrestrial contamination, as the source of the organic compounds, could not be ruled out.
On September 26, 2013, NASA scientists reported that Curiosity detected "abundant, easily accessible" water (1.5 to 3 weight percent) in soil samples at the Rocknest region of Aeolis Palus in Gale. In addition, the rover found two principal soil types: a fine-grained mafic type and a locally derived, coarse-grained felsic type. The mafic type, similar to other martian soils and martian dust, was associated with hydration of the amorphous phases of the soil. Also, perchlorates, the presence of which may make detection of life-related organic molecules difficult, were found at the Curiosity landing site (and earlier at the more polar site of the Phoenix lander) suggesting a "global distribution of these salts". NASA also reported that Jake M rock, a rock encountered by Curiosity on the way to Glenelg, was a mugearite and very similar to terrestrial mugearite rocks.
On December 9, 2013, NASA reported that, based on evidence from Curiosity studying Aeolis Palus, Gale contained an ancient freshwater lake which could have been a hospitable environment for microbial life.
On December 16, 2014, NASA reported detecting, by the Curiosity rover at Gale, an unusual increase, then decrease, in the amounts of methane in the atmosphere of the planet Mars; in addition, organic chemicals were detected in powder drilled from a rock. Also, based on deuterium to hydrogen ratio studies, much of the water at Gale on Mars was found to have been lost during ancient times, before the lakebed in the crater was formed; afterwards, large amounts of water continued to be lost.
On October 8, 2015, NASA confirmed that lakes and streams existed in Gale 3.3 to 3.8 billion years ago delivering sediments to build up the lower layers of Mount Sharp.
On June 1, 2017, NASA reported that the Curiosity rover provided evidence of an ancient lake in Gale on Mars that could have been favorable for microbial life; the ancient lake was stratified, with shallows rich in oxidants and depths poor in oxidants; and, the ancient lake provided many different types of microbe-friendly environments at the same time. NASA further reported that the Curiosity rover will continue to explore higher and younger layers of Mount Sharp in order to determine how the lake environment in ancient times on Mars became the drier environment in more modern times.
On August 5, 2017, NASA celebrated the fifth anniversary of the Curiosity rover mission landing, and related exploratory accomplishments, on the planet Mars. (Videos: Curiosity First Five Years (02:07); Curiosity POV: Five Years Driving (05:49); Curiosity Discoveries About Gale Crater (02:54))
On June 7, 2018, NASA's Curiosity made two significant discoveries in Gale. Organic molecules preserved in 3.5 billion-year-old bedrock and seasonal variations in the level of methane in the atmosphere further support the theory that past conditions may have been conducive to life. It is possible that a form of water-rock chemistry might have generated the methane, but scientists cannot rule out the possibility of biological origins. Methane previously had been detected in Mars' atmosphere in large, unpredictable plumes. This new result shows that low levels of methane within Gale repeatedly peak in warm, summer months and drop in the winter every year. Organic carbon concentrations were discovered on the order of 10 parts per million or more. This is close to the amount observed in Martian meteorites and about 100 times greater than prior analysis of organic carbon on Mars' surface. Some of the molecules identified include thiophenes, benzene, toluene, and small carbon chains, such as propane or butene.
On November 4, 2018, geologists presented evidence, based on studies in Gale by the Curiosity rover, that there was plenty of water on early Mars. In January 2020, researchers have found certain minerals, made of carbon and oxygen, in rocks at Gale Crater, which may have formed in an ice-covered lake during a cold stage between warmer periods, or after Mars lost most of its atmosphere and became permanently cold.
On November 5, 2020, researchers concluded based on data observed by Curiosity rover that Gale crater experienced megafloods which occurred around 4 billion years ago, taking into consideration antidunes reaching the height of , which were formed by flood waters at least deep with a velocity of per second.
Images
Surface images
Interactive Mars map
See also
References
External links
Google Mars scrollable map - centered on Gale Crater
Gale Crater - Curiosity rover "StreetView" (Sol 2 - 08/08/2012) - NASA/JPL - 360° panorama from 360pano.eu
Gale Crater - Central Debris Mound from lpl.arizona.edu
Gale Crater - Layers from lpl.arizona.edu
Gale Crater - Image/THEMIS VIS 18m/px Mosaic from mars.asu.edu (Zoomable) (small)
Gale Crater - Surroundings from HRSCview.fu-berlin.de
Gale Crater - 3D version by ESA
Video (04:32) - Evidence: Water "Vigorously" Flowed On Mars - September, 2012
Aeolis quadrangle
Impact craters on Mars
Mars Science Laboratory
Rocks on Mars
Water on Mars
Frank Stephenson is an American automobile designer.
Frank or Francis Stephenson may also refer to:
Frank Stephenson (saloon keeper) (fl.1860–1885), American saloon keeper
Frank Stephenson (footballer) (born 1934), Australian rules footballer
Frank Stephenson (ice hockey), American ice hockey goaltender
Francis Stephenson (born 1976), English rugby league player
See also
Frank Stevenson (disambiguation)
Francis Seymour Stevenson (1862–1938), British Liberal Party politician, author and scholar
Roriz is an urban parish located 10 km northeast of the city of Santo Tirso. It is a major industrial center. The population in 2011 was 3,665, in an area of 6.17 km². It is known by its Singeverga Monastery of the Benedictine order, famous for its Singeverga Liqueur, it also has a nuns convent St Scholastica famous for its butter cookies.
References
Freguesias of Santo Tirso
Corrhenes funebris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1938
Sporting Kansas City II is a MLS Next Pro club affiliated with Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer. For the 2022 season they will play their home games at Rock Chalk Park at the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas, as well as Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri. They were formerly known as the Swope Park Rangers. The club is headquartered alongside Sporting Kansas City at Children's Mercy Park in Kansas City, Kansas.
History
On October 22, 2015, the team was officially announced as the USL's 30th franchise, as were the Swope Park Rangers name, color scheme and logo. The Rangers replaced Oklahoma City Energy FC as SKC's USL affiliate, and was named after a nickname for SKC reserve squad in 2008. The team is Sporting Kansas City's third USL affiliate in the team's history, after previously having partnered with Orlando City SC and Oklahoma City Energy FC. Canadian Marc Dos Santos, who led Ottawa Fury FC to the NASL Soccer Bowl in 2015, was named the first head coach of the Rangers on November 20, 2015.
The Rangers finished their inaugural season in 2016 with a 14–10–6 record and finished fourth in the Western Conference. The side advanced to the 2016 USL Cup Final, becoming just the second team in USL history to do so in its inaugural season. The Rangers beat LA Galaxy II, Orange County SC and Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2 en route to the final where the side eventually fell 5–1 to New York Red Bulls II at Red Bull Arena. Goalkeeper Adrian Zendejas and winger Tyler Pasher were each signed by parent club Sporting Kansas City at the end of the season.
Following the conclusion of the 2016 season, Marc Dos Santos departed to take over at newly founded NASL club the San Francisco Deltas. His assistant for the 2016 campaign, Nikola Popovic, took the reins ahead of the 2017 season. The side continued to have success as Popovic led the team to a 17–8–7 record in the West and another fourth-place finish. Sporting KC also signed four more players from SPR during 2017 in Amer Didic, James Musa, Kharlton Belmar and Kevin Oliveira. Popovic resigned as head coach on November 17, 2017 after leading Swope Park to their second consecutive conference championship.
On September 30, 2019, the club announced that it would re-brand as Sporting Kansas City II ahead of the 2020 USL Championship season.
MLS Next Pro
The club announced on December 6, 2021, that it was joining the inaugural 21-team MLS Next Pro season starting in 2022. Former Sporting Kansas City player Benny Feilhaber was named the team's head coach for the 2022 season.
Location
The team is headquartered out of Children's Mercy Park in Kansas City, Kansas. For the 2022 season they will split matches between Rock Chalk Park at the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas, as well as return to Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri.
When the team was known as Swope Park Rangers they played at Swope Soccer Village in Kansas City, Missouri as permanent home venue for the 2016 and 2017 USL seasons, although occasional matches were played at Children's Mercy Park during those first two seasons. For the 2018 season, the Rangers moved to Shawnee Mission District Stadium in Overland Park, Kansas for home USL matches. The move to Shawnee Mission South District Stadium was in response to new USL stadium standards, requiring seating for at least 5,000 fans, that were not met by Swope Soccer Village. The 7,500-seat Shawnee Mission South District Stadium had received $6 million in improvements between fall 2016 and spring 2017. After just two home matches into the season, the Rangers announced that all home matches would be moved to Children's Mercy Park for the remainder of the 2018 USL season. The move came just days after allegations were reported that there had been issues with the quality of the artificial-turf field at Shawnee Mission South.
Players and staff
Roster
Technical staff
Benny Feilhaber - head coach
Ike Opara – assistant coach
Wan Kuzac Wan Kamal — assistant team administrator
Year-by-year
1. Top Scorer includes statistics from league matches only.
Head coaches
Includes USL regular season, USL playoffs
Average attendance
Honors
USL Cup
Runners-up (2): 2016, 2017
Western Conference
Winners (Playoffs): 2016, 2017
References
External links
Sporting Kansas City II at USL Championship
Association football clubs established in 2015
Soccer clubs in Kansas City, Missouri
Former USL Championship teams
Sporting Kansas City
2015 establishments in Missouri
Reserve soccer teams in the United States
Sports teams in the Kansas City metropolitan area
MLS Next Pro teams
Sir Albert Edward Herbert Naylor-Leyland, 2nd Baronet (6 December 1890–23 September 1952) was an English aristocrat, diplomat and public official.
Biography
Early life
Albert Edward Herbert Naylor-Leyland was born on 6 December 1890. His father was Sir Herbert Scarisbrick Naylor-Leyland, 1st Baronet (1864–1899), who served as Member of Parliament for Colchester from 1892 to 1895 and for Southport from 1898 to 1899. His mother was Jeanie Willson Chamberlain, daughter of Mr and Mrs William Selah Chamberlain of Cleveland, Ohio. He had a brother, George Vyvyan Naylor-Leyland (1892–1914), who was killed in action during the First World War. He grew up at his paternal family residence of Nantclwyd Hall, a Grade II listed mansion in Llanelidan, Denbighshire, Wales. King Edward VII (1841–1910) was his godfather.
He was educated at Eton College, a private boarding school in Eton, Berkshire. While he was at Eton, he and his brother escaped a kidnapping, where the intent was to hold them hostage for ransom. He graduated from Christ Church, Oxford, a constituent college of the University of Oxford.
Career
He served as Honourable Attaché to Bern, Switzerland and Paris, France. He served as High Sheriff of Denbighshire in 1921. He also served as Justice of the Peace for Denbighshire.
On 7 May 1899 he became 2nd Baronet Naylor-Leyland, of Hyde Park House, Albert Gate, London. Upon inheriting the title from his late father, he also inherited two properties: Nantclwyd Hall in Wales, and Hyde Park House in Albert Gate, Knightsbridge, London.
Personal life
On 10 April 1923 he married Marguerite Helene Marie Fradin de Belabre. They had three sons- the eldest being Sir Vivyan Edward Naylor-Leyland, 3rd Baronet- and a daughter. He died on 23 September 1952.
References
External links
1890 births
1952 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Kidnapped English children
High Sheriffs of Denbighshire
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Llanelidan
Albert
Huachenglu station may refer to:
Huachenglu station (Guangzhou Metro) (), station of Line 9 (Guangzhou Metro)
Huachenglu station (Chongqing Rail Transit) (), station of Line 5 (Chongqing Rail Transit)
Madagascar competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's 800 metres
Edouard Rasoanaivo
Heat — 1:50.8 (→ did not advance)
Men's 1500 metres
Edouard Rasoanaivo
Heat — 3:48.5 (→ did not advance)
Men's 4 × 100 m Relay
Ravelomanantsoa Goman, Alfred Rabenja, Ariyamongkol Ralainasolo, and Henri Rafaralahy
Heat — 40.58s (→ did not advance)
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972
Olympics
Jake Bennett (born December 2, 2000) is an American baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization.
Early life and amateur career
Bennett grew up in Bixby, Oklahoma and attended Bixby High School. He was selected in the 39th round of the 2019 MLB Draft by the Washington Nationals, but did not sign with the team.
Bennet went 3-0 with 0.75 ERA in three starts during his true freshman season before it was cut short due to the coronavirus pandemic. As a redshirt freshman, he had a 4-3 record with a 6.34 ERA and 60 strikeouts in 16 appearances with 13 starts. Bennett was named the Sooners' Friday night starter going into his redshirt sophomore season. He finished the season with a 10-4 record and a 3.69 ERA and 133 strikeouts against 22 walks over 20 appearances with 19 starts.
Professional career
Bennett was selected in the second round of 2022 Major League Baseball draft by the Washington Nationals. He signed with the team and received a $1,734,800 signing bonus.
References
External links
Oklahoma Sooners bio
2000 births
Living people
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Baseball pitchers
Oklahoma Sooners baseball players
The Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI) was established in 1984 and incorporated under the Companies Act VII of 1913 on 26 August 1984 as a Limited Company by Guarantee. Its registered office is in Islamabad and jurisdiction spreads over the entire Federal Capital Area (urban and rural). As per new Trade Ordinance and Rule 2007, ICCI got new license in April 2007
ICCI Office Bearers (2017–2018)
Mr. Sheikh Amir Waheed (President)
Mr. Khalid Malik (Senior Vice President)
Mr. Tahir Ayub (Vice President)
Past presidents of ICCI
Mr. Anayat Ullah Mirza 1984–1986
Mr. Muqeem Ahmed Khan 1987
Mr. Muhammad Raza Khan 1988
Mr. Muhammad Siddique Butt 1989
Mr. Khalid Masood Bhola 1990
Mian Shaukat Masud 1991
Mr. Shahid Rashid Butt 1992
Muhammad Aslam 1993
Mr. Shahid Rashid Butt 1994
Mr. Khalid Javaid 1995
Mr. Munawar Mughal 1996–1997
Mian Akram Farid 1997–1998
Sheikh Baser Daud 1998–1999
Mr. Waqar Aslam Hamdi 1999–2000
Mr. Mohsin Khalid 2000–2001
Mr. Munawar Mughal 2001–2002
Mian Akram Farid 2002–2003
Mr. Zubair Ahmed Malik 2003–2004
Mr. Tariq Sadiq 2004–2005
Mr. Abdul Rauf 2005–2006
Mr. Muhammad Nasir Khan 2006–2007
Mr. Muhammad Ijaz Abbasi 2007–2008
Mian Shaukat Masud 2008–2009
Mr. Zahid Maqbool 2009–2010
Mr. Mahfooz Elahi 2010–2011
Mr. Yassar Sakhi Butt 2011–2012
Mr. Zafar Bakhtawari 2012–2013
Mr. Mr.Shaban Khalid Ch 2013–2014
Mr. Mr.Muzzamil Hussain Sabri 2014–15
Mr. Atif Ikram Sheikh 2015–16
Business development
Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry trying to improve membership services through access to various information resources.
Under this grant, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI) undertook to conduct a training needs assessment survey of its members in order to determine the services it can offer to its members. The survey results were used to establish business support services to fulfill the needs identified. ICCI also undertook to conduct a series of workshops on youth and women entrepreneurship.
See also
Islamabad
Economy of Pakistan
Karachi Chamber of Commerce & Industry
Lahore chamber
References
Chambers of commerce
Economy of Islamabad
John Charles Compton Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham, PC (18 June 1916 – 23 December 1989), was a British Conservative politician.
A member of the Cavendish family headed by the Duke of Devonshire he was the son of John Compton Cavendish, 4th Baron Chesham and his first wife, Margot Mills.
He fought in the Second World War as a captain in the Army, also briefly serving as an Air Observation Post pilot with No. 664 Squadron RCAF. Chesham took his seat in the House of Lords on his father's death in 1952, and later served in the Conservative administrations of Harold Macmillan and Sir Alec Douglas-Home. He was Joint Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Transport from 1959 to 1964. The latter year he was also admitted to the Privy Council. Chesham was later Chairman of the International Road Federation, and President of the British Road Federation from 1966 to 1972.
A motoring enthusiast, Chesham first started motorcycling when he attended Cambridge University, riding Rex-Acme, AJS, Rudge and competing on an Excelsior at Brooklands. He joined the Royal Automobile Club as Executive Vice-Chairman from April, 1966, then a newly created salaried position, until 1970.
Lord Chesham married Mary Edmunds Marshall, daughter of David Gregory Marshall, in 1937. He died in December 1989, aged 73, and was succeeded in the barony by his son Nicholas Charles Cavendish.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
British Army Officers 1939-1945
1916 births
1989 deaths
John Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Conservative Party (UK) Baronesses- and Lords-in-Waiting
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery officers
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Royal Buckinghamshire Yeomanry officers
Eldest sons of British hereditary barons
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Ministers in the third Churchill government, 1951–1955
Ministers in the Eden government, 1955–1957
Ministers in the Macmillan and Douglas-Home governments, 1957–1964
British World War II pilots
is a Taiwanese publisher of manga. It was founded in June 1991. In October 1992, the company obtained the Chinese license for Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion. However, the magazine stopped publication in 1998.
Controversy
There were two major changes to the way Every Glory categorised it's magazines. The first change implemented categorising the magazines into 25 categories instead of only separating them into two genres, Shōnen and Shōjo. The genre description with a number was used as an indication. This has been criticised by fans as being too complicated. The second change was using the rainbow spectrum to categorise the magazines into 7 categories. In 2015, the latest category as 4 categories only: "Male", "Female", "BL&GL" and "Public".
It has also been criticised for being slow to translate manga up to 2 years after the original manga has been released. (Normally, publishers will translate manga within 6 months of the original manga being published)
Works
Boku wa Imōto ni Koi o Suru
Bokurano: Ours (published 6 out of 10 volumes)
Cardcaptor Sakura
Chibi Vampire (Karin)
Chichin Pui
Elfen Lied
Feel 100%
Flower of the Deep Sleep
Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned
Gimmick! (manga)
Grenadier (manga)
Hitohira
Ibitsu (Okada Kazuto)
Indian Summer (manga)
Katte ni Kaizō
Kyōkasho ni Nai!
Landreaall (published 4 out of 13 volumes)
Minamisawa Hisakei's Luwon (abandoned)
Rozen Maiden
Ruff Love
Sundome
Steal Moon
Super Radical Gag Family
Tenshi ja Nai
Tenshi no Hitsugi: Ave Maria (abandoned / unfinished)
Wandering Son (abandoned half-way)
Yurara
External links
Manga distributors
Publishing companies of Taiwan
Publishing companies established in 1991
Taiwanese companies established in 1991
Cost per lead, often abbreviated as CPL, is an online advertising pricing model, where the advertiser pays for an explicit sign-up from a consumer interested in the advertiser's offer. It is also commonly called online lead generation.
Contrary to cost per mille (CPM) and cost per click (CPC) pricing models, where advertisers are charged for impressions (a.k.a. "views") and clicks, respectively, in a CPL pricing model advertisers pay only for a qualified sign-up regardless of how many impressions or clicks their advertisement receives. CPL advertising enables advertisers to generate guaranteed returns on their online advertising money.
Difference between CPL and CPA advertising
In CPL campaigns, advertisers pay for an interested lead – i.e. the contact information of a person interested in the advertiser's product or service. CPL campaigns are suitable for brand marketers and direct response marketers looking to engage consumers at multiple touchpoints – by building a newsletter list, community site, reward program or member acquisition program.
In Cost per action campaigns (CPA), the advertiser typically pays for a completed sale involving a credit card transaction. CPA is all about 'now' – it focuses on driving consumers to buy at that exact moment. If a visitor to the website does not buy anything, there is no easy way to remarket to them.
There are other important differentiators:
CPL campaigns are advertiser-centric. The advertiser remains in control of their brand, selecting trusted and contextually relevant publishers to run their offers. On the other hand, CPA and affiliate marketing campaigns are publisher-centric. Advertisers cede control over where their brand will appear, as publishers browse offers and pick which to run on their websites. Advertisers generally do not know where their offer is running.
CPL campaigns are usually high volume and light-weight. In CPL campaigns, consumers submit only basic contact information. The transaction can be as simple as an email address. On the other hand, CPA campaigns are usually low volume and complex. Typically, consumer has to submit credit card and other detailed information.
CPL advertising is more appropriate for advertisers looking to deploy acquisition campaigns by re-marketing to end consumers through e-newsletters, community sites, reward programs, loyalty programs and other engagement vehicles.
References
The B2B Refinery by J. David Green & Michael C. Saylor ()
Lead Generation for the Complex Sale by Brian J. Carroll ()
Marketing Management by Philip Kotler ()
Database Marketing by Edward Nash ()
Marketing for Dummies ()
Pricing
Online advertising
FRY like transcription coactivator is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FRYL gene.
References
Further reading
Undertow is a 1930 American drama film directed by Harry A. Pollard, written by Edward T. Lowe, Jr. and Winnifred Reeve, and starring Mary Nolan, Johnny Mack Brown, Robert Ellis, Churchill Ross and Audrey Ferris. It was released in March 1930, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Mary Nolan as Sally Blake
Johnny Mack Brown as Paul Whalen
Robert Ellis as Jim Paine
Churchill Ross as Lindy
Audrey Ferris as Kitty
References
External links
1930 films
1930s English-language films
American drama films
1930 drama films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Harry A. Pollard
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Ohio's 4th senatorial district has been based in southwestern Ohio and now consists of almost all of Butler County. It encompasses Ohio House of Representatives districts 51, 52 and 53. It has a Cook PVI of R+13. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican George Lang.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 4th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Émile-Aubert Lessore or Lessorre (1805 in Paris – 1876 in Marlotte) was a French ceramic artist and painter.
Life
He originally worked in oil and water colors, but expanded into ceramic art. His ceramics work received a variety of medals, including his 1862 exhibition in London, 1867 exhibition in Paris, and 1873 exhibit in Vienna. Known for his subdued and delicate coloring, Lessore is said to have led a revolution in the decoration of pottery.
Emile painted a variety of ceramic pieces, many for the Wedgwood pottery company. Some scenes painted on the ceramic pieces are from other works.
Lessore first studied under Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, which led to his first exhibit in the Paris Salon at age 26. At that time, it was unusual for someone so young to have a painting exhibit in official art exhibition of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. Over the next twenty years, his paintings sold well. In 1835 he published, with William Wyld, Voyage pittoresque dans la Régence d'Alger (Paris, Charles Motte, 1835).
In 1851, Lessore began his ceramics work in Sèvres, a southwestern suburb of Paris, France known for its porcelain manufacture. Lessore tapped into his artistic painting experience to produce a pair of large, decorated vases. These were purchased in 1853 by the Emperor of Russia for 1,000 guineas ($5,145).
Lessore's unique artistic expression did not fit well with the techniques of the other artists in Sèvres and by 1858 Lessore had moved to England to work for English potter Thomas Minton. Lessore then moved to Etruria, Staffordshire, where he worked for the famous firm of Wedgwood. Lessore exhibits were well received and he received personal exhibition medals in London (1862), Paris (1867), and Vienna (1873).
At age 68, Lessore moved back to Paris to continue his work with ceramics in Fontainebleau but maintained contact with Wedgwood. Lessore died in 1876 at the age of 71.
References
Le journal des Goncourt, Vol IV, page 135;
Explication des ouvrages de peinture, sculpture, architecture, gravure et... du Salon de la Société des Artistes Français
Lynne Thornton: Les Orientalistes;
L'Écho de la Fabrique, Le Salon de 1833, N°30 du 28 Juillet;
André Roussard : Dictionnaire des peintres à Montmartre au XIXe et XXe siècle, Montmartre 1999;
Olivier Fanica: Un céramiste à découvrir: Lessore ; Les Amis de Bourbon-Marlotte; été 1983 N°13;
Emile Lessore and William Wyld : " Voyage pittoresque dans la régence d'Alger" reissue of the architect Fernand Pouillon éditeur Jardin de Flore Paris 1973;
External links
École à Alger
Akoun
Artprice
RMN Réunion des Musées Nationaux
19th-century French painters
French male painters
French ceramists
1805 births
1876 deaths
19th-century French male artists
The scaly-breasted woodpecker (Celeus grammicus), also known as the scale-breasted woodpecker, is a bird species in the family Picidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
The scaly-breasted woodpecker was described in 1845 by Natterer and Malherbe, from a type specimen collected from Marabitanas, in the upper reaches of the Rio Negro basin. Research based on molecular information has suggested that it is closely related to the waved woodpecker (Celeus undatus); the two species have been described as forming a species complex, and might even be a single species. Four subspecies are recognized for C. grammicus.
Description
Scaly-breasted woodpeckers range in size between . Their weight varies by subspecies; it is 63–75 grams for C. g. grammicus, 77–82 grams for C. g. verreauxii, and 75–87 grams for C. g. latifasciatus. They are a mixture of rufous, chestnut, and brown over most of their body. The head is short, and is described as "shaggy", with a pointed crest that as often as black streaks. The wings and upperparts of the bird are also barred in black, although the thickness of the bars depends on which race the individual is from. The primary feathers are blackish with a rufous edge, while the coverts are buff-colored and the underside of the wing is brown. The rump, vent, and undertail-coverts are unmarked, and colored buff, cinnamon, or yellow, while the tail is a plain chocolate color. The uppertail-coverts have some barring on them. The underside of the bird is paler than the upperparts, being colored tawny or cinnamon; the belly and breast have black bars and chevrons. The flanks of the species have scale-like markings colored brown or yellowish. The beak is mostly cream-yellow, while its base is bluish or greenish. The legs are grey, while the iris is red.
The species exhibits a slight sexual dimorphism: males have a red patch on their lower cheeks, while the females do not. Juveniles look similar to adults, but have darker and browner heads, and heavier barring on the back and the mantle. There is considerable variation among subspecies or races; C. g. grammicus tends to be heavily barred; C. g. verreauxii has lighter barring on its underside; C. g. subcervinus is cinnamon-colored on its rump and flanks; and C. g. latifasciatus is lighter than the other races, being cinnamon colored rather than chestnut on its head, and a pale buffish-brown on its underside. In general, birds from the northern Amazon basin are darker than those from the south. The scaly-breasted woodpecker closely resembles the waved woodpecker (Celeus undatus), and has a similar call, but is differentiated by its darker appearance and unbarred tail. It also resembles the chestnut woodpecker (Celeus elegans), but the latter is considerably larger.
Habitat and ecology
Celeus grammicus is chiefly a forest species, being found in rainforest, including both terra firme forest and várzea forest in the Amazon, and subtropical forest, as well as in swamps, drier wooded savanna, and secondary forest. The species feeds on fruits, sap, and insects, including ants. It is seen foraging on tree trunks, branches, and vines, from the tops of the canopy to the middle regions. It often forages in small family groups, and frequently associates with mixed species flocks. The species does not drum very often. Its most common call is a two-noted nasal whistle, of which the first note rises and the second falls. This call is very similar to that of the waved woodpecker. The scaly-breasted woodpecker also produces a few other calls, including a series of rasping metallic "pring" notes.
Range and distribution
The scaly-breasted woodpecker occurs across a large portion of South America. It is predominantly found in lowland regions, but is seen up to and above above sea level, in southern Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, northern Bolivia, and the Amazonian region of Brazil. It has also been recorded in French Guiana. It is thought not to be a migrant species. Of the four races, C. g. grammicus is found in southeastern Colombia, northeastern Peru, southern Venezuela, and western Brazil; C. g. verreauxii is found in eastern Ecuador and northeastern Peru; C. g. subcervinus is found in the western part of the Brazilian Amazon basin, from the Rio Tapajos to the northern Mato Grosso; and C. g. latifasciatus is found in southeastern Peru, northern Bolivia, and in southwestern Brazil in the upper regions of the Rio Madeira basin. The species is thought to be relatively common in the Peruvian and Venezuelan parts of its range, and less common in Ecuador and Colombia. It is not well known, and little population data is available. Its habitat is thought to be in decline as a result of deforestation in the Amazon forest. The scaly-breasted woodpecker, and its sister species the waved woodpecker, replace each other across the Amazon basin. The scaly-breasted woodpecker is generally predominant south of the Amazon river and west of the Rio Negro.
References
scaly-breasted woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
scaly-breasted woodpecker
scaly-breasted woodpecker
scaly-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Puerto Rico Highway 162 (PR-162) is a road that travels from Aibonito, Puerto Rico to Barranquitas. This highway begins at its intersection with PR-1 in Cuyón and ends at its junction with PR-156 in downtown Barranquitas.
Major intersections
See also
List of highways numbered 162
References
External links
162
EgyptAir Flight 648 was a regularly scheduled international flight between Athens' Ellinikon International Airport (Greece) and Cairo International Airport (Egypt). On 23 November 1985, a Boeing 737-200 airliner, registered SU-AYH, servicing the flight was hijacked by the terrorist organization Abu Nidal. The subsequent raid on the aircraft by Egyptian troops resulted in dozens of deaths, making the hijacking of Flight 648 one of the deadliest such incidents in history.
Hijacking
On 23 November 1985, Flight 648 took off at 8 pm on its Athens-to-Cairo route. Ten minutes after takeoff, three Palestinian members of Abu Nidal hijacked the aircraft, the same group also responsible for the hijacking of Pan Am Flight 73 a year later. The terrorists, declaring themselves the Egypt's Revolution over the intercom, were heavily armed with guns and grenades.
The terrorist's leader, Salem Chakore, proceeded to check all passports while Omar Rezaq went to the cockpit to change the aircraft's course. At the same time, Chakore had the European, Australian, Israeli and American passengers sit in the front of the aircraft while the rest, including the Greeks and Egyptians were sent to the back. Chakore saw an Australian passenger, Tony Lyons (aged 36), holding a camera. Believing Lyons had taken a picture of him, Chakore took the camera and ripped the film out before slamming the camera into the wall. Chakore came up to an Egyptian Security Service agent, Methad Mustafa Kamal (aged 26), who reached into his coat, as if to pull out his passport. Instead, he withdrew a handgun and opened fire, killing Chakore and engaged in a shootout with the other hijacker, Bou Said Nar Al-din Mohammed (Nar Al-Din Bou Said), 19 shots were fired until Kamal was wounded by Rezaq, along with two flight attendants. In the exchange of fire the fuselage was punctured, causing a rapid depressurization. The aircraft was forced to descend to to allow the crew and passengers to breathe, with the oxygen masks deploying.
Libya was the original destination of the hijackers, but due to a lack of fuel, damage from the shootout and negative publicity, Malta was chosen as a more suitable option. While approaching Malta the aircraft was running dangerously low on fuel, experiencing serious pressurization problems and carrying wounded passengers. However, Maltese authorities did not give permission for the aircraft to land; the Maltese government had previously refused permission to other hijacked aircraft, including on 23 September 1982 when an Alitalia aircraft was hijacked on its way to Italy. The EgyptAir 648 hijackers insisted, and forced the pilots, Hani Galal and Imad Mounib (both aged 39), to land at Luqa Airport. As a last-ditch attempt to stop the landing, the runway lights were switched off, but the pilot managed to land the damaged aircraft safely.
Nationalities
Breakdown by nationality as per New York Times. A notable passenger was actress Lupita Pallás, who, with her daughter Laila, were among the fatalities.
Standoff
At first, Maltese authorities were optimistic they could solve the crisis. Malta had good relations with the Arab world, and 12 years earlier had successfully resolved a potentially more serious situation when a KLM Boeing 747 landed there under similar circumstances (KLM Flight 861). The Maltese Prime Minister, Karmenu Mifsud Bonnici, rushed to the airport's control tower and assumed responsibility for the negotiations.
The remaining two hijackers allowed medics and engineers to examine the injured and the damage to the plane, respectively. The medics confirmed that the lead hijacker, Salem Chakore, was dead while the sky marshal that killed him, Kamal, was still alive. In a rage, Omar Rezaq, who assumed command of the hijacking, shot Kamal again as he was lead off the plane. Somehow, Kamal survived. The doctor told Rezaq the sky marshal was dead and was able to get him off the plane.
Aided by an interpreter, Bonnici refused to refuel the aircraft, or to withdraw Maltese armed forces which had surrounded the plane, until all passengers were released. 16 Filipino and 16 Egyptian passengers and two injured flight attendants were allowed off the plane. The hijackers then started shooting hostages, starting with Tamar Artzi (aged 24), an Israeli woman, whom they shot in the head and back. Artzi survived her wounds. Assuming command of the hijacking, Rezaq threatened to kill a passenger every 15 minutes until his demands were met. His next victim was Nitzan Mendelson (aged 23), another Israeli woman, who died a week later after being declared brain dead. Mendelson realized what was to happen so she resisted. Rezaq grabbed her by the hair and lead her out onto the staircase before shooting her. While tossing Mendelson's body down the stairs, he noticed Artzi move. He shot her through the back from the top of the stairs. Again, Artzi survived her wounds. He then targeted three Americans, having their hands tied behind them.
After the shooting of Mendelson, Maltese soldiers surrounded the plane. Spotting them from the cockpit window, Rezaq demanded that they withdraw the soldiers. Negotiators told him he had no choice but to surrender. Rezaq was informed that if the plane left Malta, American jets based in Italy would intercept and shoot down the plane. This enraged Rezaq.
Over the intercom, Rezaq had a flight attendant call forward Patrick Scott Baker (aged 28), an American fisherman-biologist on vacation. Rezaq stepped back when Baker locked eyes with him as he came forward. Tony Lyons, an Australian passenger who could see the stairs platform from his window seat later stated that he saw that Rezaq had to raise his gun in order to shoot Baker, who was about 6'5" tall. The bullet grazed Baker's skull after he moved it at the last second but played dead. Rezaq pushed his body down the steps. Baker waited a few minutes before making a run for it, hands still tied behind his back.
Fifteen minutes later, Rezaq called for Scarlett Marie Rogenkamp (aged 38), a U.S. Air Force civilian employee. Making her kneel on the staircase, Rezaq shot her in the back of the head, killing her instantly. Her body was later taken to a hospital, where she was identified by Baker.
Jackie Nink Pflug (aged 30) wasn't shot until the next morning. Of the five passengers shot, Artzi, Baker and Pflug survived; Mendelson died in a Maltese hospital a week after the hijacking after being declared brain dead. For five hours, Pflug drifted in and out of consciousness until an airport grounds crew retrieved her body on its way to the morgue. They discovered she was still alive and rushed her to the nearby hospital.
France, the UK and the United States all offered to send anti-hijack forces. Bonnici was under heavy pressure from both the hijackers and from the United States and Egypt, whose ambassadors were at the airport. The non-aligned Maltese government feared that the Americans or the Israelis would arrive and take control of the area, as the U.S. Naval Air Station Sigonella was only 20 minutes away. A U.S. Air Force C-130 Hercules with an aeromedical evacuation team from Rhein-Main Air Base (2nd Aeromedical Evacuation Squadron) near Frankfurt, Germany, and rapid-deploying surgical teams from Wiesbaden Air Force Medical Center were on standby at the U.S. Navy Hospital at Naples.
When the U.S. told Maltese authorities that Egypt had a special forces counterterrorism team trained by the U.S. Delta Force ready to move in, they were granted permission to come. The Egyptian Unit 777 under the command of Major-General Kamal Attia was flown in, led by four American officers. Negotiations were prolonged as much as possible, and it was agreed that the plane should be attacked on the morning of 25 November when food was to be taken into the aircraft. Soldiers dressed as caterers would jam the door open and attack.
Raid
Without warning, Egyptian commandos launched the raid about an hour and a half before it had been originally planned. They blasted open the passenger doors and luggage compartment doors with explosives. 52 passengers – including pregnant women and children – suffocated from the fumes that enveloped the aircraft when the soldiers placed a bomb underneath the fuselage to break into the hold. Another five were shot by them. According to Dr Abela Medici, two kilos of highly-explosive Semtex were used, which provided more power than was necessary to allow the commandos safe entry into the plane. Mifsud Bonnici stated that these explosions caused the internal plastic of the plane to catch fire, causing widespread suffocation. However, the Times of Malta, quoting sources at the airport, reported that when the hijackers realized they were under attack, they lobbed hand grenades into the passenger area, killing people and igniting the fire aboard.
The storming of the aircraft killed 54 of the remaining 87 passengers, as well as two crew members and one hijacker. Only one hijacker — Omar Rezaq, who had survived — remained undetected by the Maltese government. Rezaq came out of the cockpit only to be shot in the chest by a commando, throwing a grenade as he went down. Captain Galal subsequently tried to attack Rezaq with the cockpit fireaxe, but Rezaq managed to escape from the aircraft. (The New York Times reported at one point, however, that the hijackers' leader shot Captain Galal, grazing his forehead, and Captain Galal hit the hijacker with an ax, then Egyptian soldiers shot the hijacker.) None of the Egyptian commandos were killed but one had a leg blown off.
Rezaq removed his hood and ammunition and pretended to be an injured passenger. Egyptian commandos tracked Rezaq to St Luke's General Hospital and, holding the doctors and medical staff at gunpoint, entered the casualty ward looking for him. He was arrested when some of the passengers in the hospital recognized him.
Rezaq faced trial in Malta, but with no anti-terrorism legislation, he was tried on other charges. There was widespread fear that terrorists would hijack a Maltese plane or carry out a terrorist attack in Malta as an act of retribution. Rezaq received a 25-year sentence.
For reasons unclear, Maltese authorities released him some seven years later, in February 1993, and allowed him to board a plane to Ghana. His release caused a diplomatic incident between Malta and the U.S. because Maltese law strictly prohibits trying a person twice, in any jurisdiction, on charges connected to the same series of events (similar to but having wider limitations compared to classic double jeopardy).
Rezaq's itinerary was to carry him from there to Nigeria, and then to Ethiopia, and finally to Sudan. Ghanaian officials detained Rezaq for several months, but eventually allowed him to proceed to Nigeria. When Rezaq's plane landed in Nigeria, Nigerian authorities denied him entry into the country and handed him to FBI agents departing for the United States. He was brought before a U.S. court and, on 8 October 1996, sentenced to life imprisonment with a no-parole recommendation.
Aftermath and criticism
In his 1989 book Massacre in Malta, John A. Mizzi wrote:
Mizzi added:
Mizzi also mentioned how Maltese soldiers positioned in the vicinity of the aircraft were equipped with rifles but were not issued ammunition. An Italian secret service report on the incident showed how the fire inside the aircraft was caused by the Egyptian commandos who placed explosives in the aircraft cargo hold, the most vulnerable part of the aircraft, as it held the oxygen tanks which blew up. During the hijacking, only the Socialist Party media and state-controlled television were given information on the incident. Such was the censorship of the media, that the Maltese people first heard of the disaster through RAI TV, when its correspondent Enrico Mentana spoke live on the air via a direct phone call: "Parlo da Malta. Qui c'è stato un massacro ..." ("I'm speaking from Malta. Here there's just been a massacre ...") Shortly before this broadcast, a news bulletin on the Maltese national television had erroneously stated that all passengers had been released and were safe.
Decisions taken by the Maltese government drew criticism from overseas. The United States protested to Malta about U.S. personnel sent to resolve the issue having been confined to Air Squadron HQ and the U.S. Embassy in Floriana. The United States had seen the situation as so ‘hot' that it had ordered naval ships, including an aircraft carrier, to move toward Malta for contingency purposes.
EgyptAir still flies the Athens–Cairo route, now assigned flight numbers 748 and 750 and flown by Boeing 737-800. The flight number 648 is now on its Riyadh–Cairo route.
In popular culture
The events of the hijacking were related in an account by American survivor Jackie Nink Pflug, who had been shot in the head, on the Biography Channel television program I Survived..., which was broadcast on 13 April 2009. Laurence Zrinzo, the neurologist and neurosurgeon who established neurosurgery as a subspecialty in the Maltese islands, performed Pflug's neurosurgical procedure. She related details about the flight and the attack in her 2001 book, Miles to Go Before I Sleep. The incident was chronicled and reenacted in an Interpol Investigates episode, "Terror in the Skies", broadcast by the National Geographic Channel.
The hijacking is also the subject of the book Valinda, Our Daughter, written by Canadian author Gladys Taylor.
The events of the hijacking are described in and used to further the plot in Brad Thor's novel, Path of the Assassin.
A similar situation appeared in the 1999 film Mummy by Russian director Denis Yevstigneyev. This is a movie based on the hijacking of Aeroflot Flight 3739 in 1988.
See also
List of aircraft hijackings
EgyptAir Flight 181 – EgyptAir flight hijacked in 2016
EgyptAir Flight 321 – EgyptAir flight hijacked in 1976
References
External links
BBC News – On This Day: Commandoes storm hijacked plane
1985 in Greece
1985 in Egypt
1985 in Malta
1985 murders in Europe
Abu Nidal attacks
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 737 Original
Aircraft hijackings
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by hijacking
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1985
Aviation accidents and incidents in Malta
648
International incidents
Luqa
Mass murder in 1985
Mass murder in Europe
November 1985 crimes
November 1985 events in Europe
Palestinian terrorist incidents in Europe
Terrorist incidents in Europe in 1985
Terrorist incidents in Greece
Terrorist incidents in Malta
Sandrine Roux (born 22 December 1966) is a French former footballer, who played for the national team between 1983 and 2000. At club level, she played for and Olympique Lyonnais Féminin. Roux played as a goalkeeper.
Personal life
Roux was born in Montreuil, a suburb of Paris. She started playing football in 1974, during which time she had to hide her long hair under a cap. As a youngstar, she played at Paris FC, which at the time only had a men's team, under the name Stéphane, as women were not allowed to play in the men's team.
Career
Roux started her career playing for . She played for VGA Saint-Maur from 1980 until 1999, and won Division 1 Féminine titles with them in 1983, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, and 1990. She later played for Olympique Lyonnais Féminin, from 1999 until 2001.
Roux made her debut for France in 1983. She competed at the UEFA Women's Euro 1997, and played internationally until 2000. She made 71 appearances for the national team.
Roux retired from football in 2001. In the same year, she became goalkeeping coach for France U-17. She later worked as an assistant coach for France U-20 at the 2016 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
In 2019, Roux worked as a commentator for the Canal+ coverage of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
France women's international footballers
Women's association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis
Olympique Lyonnais Féminin players
French women's footballers
Footballers from Seine-Saint-Denis
Boxing at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games will be held in Singapore Expo Hall 1 from 6 to 10 June 2015.
Participating nations
A total of 85 athletes from 10 nations will be competing in boxing at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games:
Competition schedule
The following is the competition schedule for the boxing competitions:
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
References
External links
2015
Southeast Asian Games
2015 Southeast Asian Games events
Dozier is an unincorporated community in Solano County, California, United States. The community is on California State Route 113 east-northeast of Fairfield.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Solano County, California
Yuri Leiderman (born in 1963, Odessa, Ukraine) is an artist and writer, one of the Moscow Conceptualists. He participated in apartment exhibitions in Moscow and Odessa since 1982. He graduated from the Moscow Institute of Chemical Technology named after D. Mendeleyev in 1987. He was one of the founding members of the "Medical Hermeneutics" group in 1987, leaving the group in 1990. He was awarded the Andrei Belyi literature prize in 2005. He was a member of the groups "Kapiton" and "Corbusier", 2008–2010. He was a participant in the 68th Venice International Film Festival. He resides and works in Berlin.
Participation in biennale
Biennale Venedig 1993 und 2002
Manifesta 1 1996 in Rotterdam
Biennale of Sydney 1998
50th Venice Biennial in 2003
Shanghai Biennale 2004
References
http://www.conceptualism-moscow.org/page?id=177&lang=en
http://www.jmberlin.de/heimatkunde/kuenstler/en/leiderman.php
Ukrainian contemporary artists
Conceptual artists
Counterculture of the 1990s
D. Mendeleev University of Chemical Technology of Russia alumni
The XIV Venice Challenge Save Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 3rd edition of the men's tournament which was part of the 2016 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Mestre, Italy between 16 and 22 May 2016.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of May 9, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Edoardo Eremin
Gianluca Mager
Stefano Napolitano
Lorenzo Sonego
The following player entered the main draw as an alternate:
Gastão Elias
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Nicolás Jarry
Marek Michalička
Daniel Masur
Danilo Petrović
Champions
Singles
Gastão Elias def. Horacio Zeballos, 7–6(7–0), 6–2
Doubles
Fabrício Neis / Caio Zampieri def. Kevin Krawietz / Dino Marcan, 7–6(7–3), 4–6, [12–10]
External links
Official website
Venice Challenge Save Cup
Venice Challenge Save Cup
May 2016 sports events in Italy
The Key of Dreams is the second studio album by English post-punk band Section 25, released in 1982 by record label Factory Benelux. It was reissued in 1991 with extra tracks by LTM Recordings.
Reception
Andy Kellman for AllMusic described it as "influenced by dub, Krautrock, and '60s psychedelia (and, yes, probably Joy Division as well)" and "sunken in a glum, mid-tempo pit of dejection." Steve Grant and Ira Robbins in Trouser Press describe it as "nine examinations of paranoia and anxiety, using lurking glissandi, curious touches of Doorsish piano and Oriental philosophy."
Track listing
All tracks composed by Section 25
Side 1
"Always Now" 1:50
"Visitation" 3:22
"Regions" 3:55
"The Wheel" 4:07
"No Abiding Place" 5:25
"Once Before" 2:48
Side 2
"There Was a Time" 5:26
"Wretch" 1:55
"Sutra" 15:00
Bonus tracks
"The Beast" 8:04
"Sakura" 3:46 produced by Be Music (New Order)
"Je Veux Ton Amour" 5:16 produced by Martin Hannett
"Sakura" (Matrix Mix) 5:23 produced by Be Music (New Order)
"Hold Me" 5:45
References
External links
Section 25 albums
1982 albums
Factory Records albums
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 15 May 1985 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections. The election used three district electoral areas to elect a total of 20 councillors.
Election results
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes.
Districts summary
|- class="unsortable" align="centre"
!rowspan=2 align="left"|Ward
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
!rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class="unsortable" align="center"
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | DUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | Alliance
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | NILP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UPUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="white"| Others
|-
|align="left"|Ards Peninsula
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|31.3
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|27.7
|2
|10.1
|1
|0.0
|0
|13.7
|1
|17.2
|1
|7
|-
|align="left"|Ards West
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|42.9
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|3
|39.3
|2
|17.1
|1
|0.0
|0
|0.0
|0
|0.7
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Newtownards
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|44.3
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|3
|25.7
|2
|10.6
|1
|16.3
|1
|0.0
|0
|3.1
|0
|7
|-
|- class="unsortable" class="sortbottom" style="background:#C9C9C9"
|align="left"| Total
|39.3
|8
|30.5
|6
|12.4
|3
|5.6
|1
|4.9
|1
|7.3
|1
|20
|-
|}
District results
Ards Peninsula
1985: 2 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x UPUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x Independent
Ards West
1985: 3 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x Alliance
Newtownards
1985: 3 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x NILP, 1 x Alliance
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
Pareeksha () is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and written by T. N. Gopinathan Nair. It is based on Nair's 1964 play of the same name. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The story details the corruption and malpractices in the education system and conduct of public examinations.
Filming was done at Vasu Studio. The film had a highly successful musical composition by M. S. Baburaj. Pareeksha released on 19 October 1967, and was a huge commercial success at the box office.
Plot
Neelakanta Pillai lives in a village with his son Appu and daughter Parvathi. Appu fails in the SSLC examinations. Pillai's sister Lakshmi Amma also lives in the same village. Her son Vijayan, who works in Calcutta gets transferred to Ernakulam. Vijayan takes Appu along with him to provide coaching to the boy for the SSLC exams the following year.
Vijayan and Appu stay in a small house in Headmaster Janardhanan Pillai's compound. The headmaster is a friend of Neelakanta Pillai. Vijayan falls in love with Janardanan Pillai's daughter Yamuna and their families decide to get them married.
The SSLC examinations are over. Appu is doubtful of clearing his science exam. Janardanan Pillai is the evaluator of his paper. Neelakanta Pillai approaches Janardanan Pillai to know his son's result in advance. Appu fails to secure pass marks, managing to get only 26 marks, while the minimum pass mark is 35. A respected and honest teacher Janardanan Pillai refuses to give Appu extra marks.
Vijayan is indebted to his uncle Neelakantan Pillai. He assures him that he will influence Janardanan Pillai and that Appu will get through the examinations. But the Headmaster rejects Vijayan's request to manipulate the mark list. Vijayan forces Yamuna to get things done in his favour. Yamuna corrects the original marks. She changes 26 to 62 in the examination paper as well as the mark list.
Janardanan Pillai learns of his daughter's actions. He is shocked to find out, from his wife Bhageerathi, that Yamuna is pregnant and that Vijayan may withdraw from the marriage if Appu fails to clear the exams.
When Neelakantan Pillai learns of all this, he decides to meet Janardanan Pillai along with Vijayan and Appu to apologise and resolve the issue. But they are a trifle late. Janardanan Pillai dies, but only after he corrects the marks from 62 to the original in the exam paper and the mark list.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Vijayan
Sharada as Yamuna
Adoor Bhasi as Ayyappan Pilla
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Janardhanan Pilla
Kottayam Santha
P. J. Antony
T. R. Omana
B. K. Pottekkad
Latheef
Aranmula Ponnamma
C. A. Balan
Khadeeja
Kuttan Pillai
Panjabi
Santo Krishnan
Ramesh
P. Bhaskaran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj, with lyrics by P. Bhaskaran. The songs were composed in Hindustani ragas. Assisted by R. K. Shekhar, the background score was arranged by M. B. Sreenivasan. Songs like "Oru Pushpam Mathramen" ( Desh ), "Pranasakhi Njaan Verumoru" ( Sindhu Bhairavi ); "Avidunnen Ganam Kelkaan" ( Pahadi ), "En Prana Nayakane" ( Yamuna Kalyani ) and a romantic number, "Annu Ninte Nunakuzhi" was highly popular and sometimes regarded by critics as among the best songs in the language.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1967 films
Films about academic scandals
Films about examinations and testing
Films about the education system in India
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Indian films based on plays
Mokra Gora (; ), meaning the Wet Mountain in English, is a village located in the city of Užice, southwestern Serbia. It is situated on the northern slopes of mountain Zlatibor. Emphasis on historical reconstruction has made it into a popular tourist center with unique attractions.
Mokra Gora has become popular after 2003 reconstruction of a narrow gauge railway called Šargan Eight which is unique in the world. Its route viewed from the sky, looks like the number eight.
Drvengrad
In addition, the well-known Serbian film director Emir Kusturica has also made a contribution to the development of tourism in Mokra Gora. In 2004, he financed the construction of an ethno village Drvengrad (Timber Town) near Mokra Gora. For this development, Kusturica received the "Philippe Rotthier European Architecture Award" from the "Brussels Foundation for Architecture".
See also
Zlatibor
Užice-Ponikve Airport (nearby airport)
Tornik ski resort (nearby ski resort)
References
External links
Official site of Drvengrad
Mokra Gora picture gallery
Užice
Zlatibor
Populated places in Zlatibor District
Nature parks in Serbia
Jagdgeschwader 3 (JG 3) "Udet" was a Luftwaffe fighter wing of World War II. The Geschwader operated on all the German fronts in the European Theatre of World War II. It was named after Ernst Udet, an important figure in the development of the Luftwaffe, in 1942.
History
1940
Jagdschwader 3 "Udet" was formed on 1 May 1939 in Bernburg/Saale from JG 231. JG 3 was one of the Luftwaffe'''s fighter units that took part in the Battle of France.
A particularly fruitful period over France occurred from 14 to 17 May 1940. Allied sorties over the area of German advance had attempted to prevent the German armour from crossing the Meuse and sent waves of inadequately protected bombers to do the job. As a result, 90 Allied bombers were shot down and the 14 May became known as the "day of the fighters" within the Luftwaffe. I./JG 3 destroyed seven fighters without loss on this day. On 15 May five were destroyed, again for no losses. On 17 May an entire formation of 13 Bristol Blenheims were shot down by I./JG 3. A total of 19 Allied aircraft were shot down by I./JG 3 alone on that day. The unit claimed some 179 aircraft shot down. Oberleutnant Lothar Keller was top claimant with 10 kills, and I./JG 3 Gruppenkommandeur Maj. Günther Lützow scored 9. I./JG3 was the most successful Gruppe, with 88 enemy aircraft destroyed for ten Bf 109s lost while six pilots were killed and one wounded.
JG 3 later flew intensively in the Battle of Britain. On 21 August 1940, Oberstleutnant Lützow was appointed Kommodore of JG 3. He recorded 8 more victories during the aerial battles over England. Lützow was awarded the Ritterkreuz (Knights Cross) on 18 September. By the end of 1940 its most successful pilots were Oblt. Erwin Neuerberg (11 claims) and Lt Helmut Meckel (9 claims). The Geschwader lost some 51 pilots killed or POW July–December 1940. I Gruppe alone had destroyed exactly 50 enemy machines, but in exchange of 32 Messerschmitts of which 20 were lost to enemy action. Ten pilots were killed or missing while a further 11 were captured.
1941
The Geschwader took part in Operation Barbarossa from 22 June 1941 onwards, and during the offensive against the Soviets JG 3 claimed its 1,000th aircraft destroyed on 30 August. Lützow became the second Experte to achieve 100 victories when he downed three Russian fighters near Moscow on 24 October. Lützow was then grounded. On 27 June 1941, Hauptmann Gordon Gollob was made Gruppenkommandeur II./JG 3, following the mid-air collision death of Hauptman Lothar Keller. He claimed 18 victories in August and achieved 37 victories in October, including 9 aircraft shot down over the Perekop Isthmus on 18 October and 6 aircraft on 22 October. He was awarded the Eichenlaub (Oak Leaves) on 26 October for 85 victories. He led II./JG 3 until November 1941.
In the period 22 June – 5 December 1941, the unit destroyed 1,298 Soviet aircraft in return for 58 losses in aerial combat and losing 10 aircraft on the ground.
II./JG 3, under the command of Captain Karl-Heinz Krahl was transferred to Comiso on Sicily in January 1942 to bolster JG 53 and the Regia Aeronautica which were carrying out sustained attacks against Malta. At this time the unit was equipped with Bf 109F-4 Trops. At the end of April II Gruppe departed Sicily for a brief stay in Germany before being redeployed to the Eastern front.
1942
In mid-September, I./JG 3 were ordered back to Germany for rest and refit. However, a number of I. Gruppe pilots remained in Russia serving with III./JG 3. After refitting with Bf 109F-4 fighters, I./JG 3 was ordered to relocate to bases in the Netherlands in December 1941. On 6 January 1942, it became II./JG 1, with a new I. Gruppe being raised.
By early 1942, JG 3 was awarded the honour name "Udet" (after Ernst Udet) and was then often simply referred as "Jagdgeschwader Udet" thereafter. In May 1942, Lützow led most JG 3 back to Russia and commenced operations in the Kharkiv area. There followed intensive operations through the Crimea, and in the drive towards Stalingrad. Again JG 3 was one of the Luftwaffe's top units, fighting on the Southern Front, reaching 2,000 claims on 28 May 1942. On 12 August, Major Wolf-Dietrich Wilcke was appointed Kommodore of JG 3.
In June 1942 II Gruppe was transferred back to the East, where it joined in the advance on the Stalingrad front, suffering heavy losses. During the Battle of Stalingrad, Stab./JG 3 were based at Pitomnik Airfield, where Wilcke directed all day fighter operations over the city. During the summer offensive of 1942 the Geschwaderstab/JG 3 recorded 137 victories, of which Wilcke claimed 97.
When Russian forces encircled Stalingrad, the Geschwaderstab/JG 3 was transferred to Morozovskaya-Öst, outside the pocket. In mid-November 1942 JG 3 then provided the famous Platzschutzstaffel (airfield defence squadron) which defended the besieged 6th Army in Stalingrad until late 1942. On a rotational basis up to six volunteer pilots drawn from I. and II./JG 3 formed a defence Staffel within the rapidly contracting Stalingrad perimeter. The Staffel, among others, included Oberleutnant Werner Lucas, Leutnant Gustav Frielinghaus, Feldwebel Kurt Ebener, and Feldwebel Hans Grünberg. Their purpose was to cover the Junkers Ju 52 transports flying supplies into Pitomnik Airfield and to protect the aircraft while on the ground. Despite often only having 2 or 3 Bf 109's serviceable, in the last 6 weeks of the siege (until mid January) claimed some 130 Soviet aircraft shot down. In return JG 3 lost 90-victory experte Leut. Georg Schentke over the city on 25 December 1942. In mid-January the pilots were ordered to fly out of the pocket and rejoin their parent unit, although some thirty ground crew remaining became prisoners when the city surrendered to the Soviets on 2 February 1943.
1943
II./JG 3 was relocated to the Kuban bridgehead in February 1943. Oblt. Wolf-Udo Ettel proved the 'star' of JG 3 around this time, claiming 28 kills in March 1943, 36 in April, and 20 in May. Intensive operations around the Kerch peninsula followed in April. In July 1943 II./JG 3 and III./JG 3 at this time were part of Luftlotte 4 and flew in Operation Zitadelle, the tank offensive launched around the Kursk salient. On 5 July 1943 alone, II./JG 3 claimed 77 Soviet aircraft from a total claimed of 432, Oblt. Joachim Kirschner claiming 9 kills and Gruppenkommandeur Hpt. Kurt Brändle claiming 5.
As Allied air operations over Germany increased during mid 1943 each of the gruppen of JG 3 were in turn recalled to Germany to defend the homeland on so called Reichsverteidigung ("Defense of the Reich") duty.
I. /JG 3 moved back to Germany in April 1943, but did not go operational until June 1943. Equipped with the new Bf 109G-6 Kanonenboote with two 20mm cannons in underwing gondolas, I./JG 3 were slowly worked up as a 'bomber-killer' unit. This long training period paid dividends as the gruppe started to shoot down impressive numbers of USAAF bombers without the heavy losses incurred by many Jagdgeschwadern thrown into the battle with less preparation.
Lt. Franz Schwaiger was by this time I./JG 3's current top scorer with 56 claims.
By late summer 1943 III./JG3 were also flying the Bf 109G-6 and Bf 109G-6/R6. On its return to Germany, the Stab/JG 3 was based at Mönchengladbach. On 4 December 1943 Hpt. Wilhelm Lemke (131 kills) was killed in combat with P-47s of the 352nd Fighter Group.
As with most fighter units operating over Germany and occupied Europe, JG 3 suffered heavy losses through early 1944 against the increasing numbers of USAAF escort fighters, losing many of its experienced personnel and commanders. Wilcke was shot down and killed by fighters of the 4th Fighter Group. Wilcke's successor as commander of JG 3 was Major Friedrich-Karl "Tutti" Müller, the CO of IV. /JG 3. He was killed in a landing accident at Salzwedel on 29 May 1944.
1944
With the increased pressure caused by the American bombing raids against targets in Germany through late 1943 and early 1944, a new method of attacking the bombers was proposed for specially armoured fighters to get in as close to the bombers as possible before opening fire, even (as a last resort) deliberately ramming the bomber. A special Staffel was formed to test the tactical viability. Sturmstaffel 1 was the first experimental unit to fly the so-called Sturmböcke (Battering Ram) up-gunned Focke-Wulf Fw 190A aircraft, and was attached to JG 3, following the general demise of the Zerstörergruppen as bomber destroyers earlier in 1944. The Sturmstaffel was expanded into a specialised bomber 'killer' Gruppen, IV./JG 3, led by Hauptmann Wilhelm Moritz. Sturmstaffel 1 was redesignated 11./JG 3 in May 1944.
On 7 July 1944 a force of 1,129 B-17 Flying Fortresses and B-24 Liberators of the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) Eighth Air Force set out from England to bomb aircraft factories in the Leipzig area and the synthetic oil plants at Boehlen, Leuna-Merseburg and Lützkendorf. This formation was intercepted by a German Gefechtsverband composed of IV.(Sturm) / JG 3 escorted by two Gruppen of Bf 109s from Jagdgeschwader 300 led by Major Walther Dahl. Dahl drove the attack to point-blank range behind the Liberators of the 492nd Bomb Group before opening fire. 492nd Bomb Group was temporarily without fighter cover. Within about a minute the entire squadron of twelve B-24s had been destroyed. The USAAF 2nd Air Division lost 28 Liberators that day, the majority to the Sturmgruppe attack. IV./JG 3 lost nine fighters shot down and three more suffered damage and made crash landings; five of the unit's pilots were killed.
II./JG 3 and III./JG 3 were thrown into the Operation Overlord air battles over the Normandy beach-head in June 1944, and, with the other 23 Gruppen committed were decimated by the hordes of Allied fighters present. On 10 August, 10.(Sturm)/JG 3 was renamed 13.(Sturm)/JG 3. On 16 August 1944, 13./JG 3 Staffelkaptän Oblt. Ekkehard Tichy (25 kills) was killed when he rammed a B-17; Tichy had lost an eye a year earlier but had continued flying combat missions. By 5 September 1944, when the Gruppe was withdrawn from the battle, III./JG 3 alone had lost a staggering 56 pilots killed or missing, 23 wounded and 4 POW, while claiming some 54 Allied aircraft shot down. Just the Gruppenkommandeur, 3 Staffelkapitäne and 4 replacement pilots had survived the three months over the invasion front.
On 2 November the two Sturmgruppen of IV./JG 3 and II./JG 4 successfully intercepted American bomber formations near Leipzig. IV./JG 3 attacked the 91st Bomb Group and claimed 13 Fortresses, including two by ramming, while II./JG 4 claimed nine Fortresses from the 457th Bomb Group. The fighter escorts cost JG 3 15 out of their 39 Sturmböcke aircraft, and JG 4 lost 16 out of 22 committed.
II./JG 3 on the same day was much less successful when scrambled with other Gruppen to intercept American raids against oil plants in Merseburg. Its Bf 109s ran into the more than 209 P-51 Mustangs of the 20th, 352nd, 359th and 364th Fighter groups which escorted the 1st Bombardment Division. II./JG 3 lost 23 Bf 109s and claimed only three Mustangs and a B-17 shot down.
On 5 December 1944, Major Moritz was relieved from command of IV./ JG 3 due to a complete nervous breakdown.
1945
In November 1944 II./JG 3 was separated from the Geschwader in order to re-equip with the 262 jet fighter and become part of the first jet fighter Geschwader, Jagdgeschwader 7. A newly formed II./JG 3 was raised from a former bomber unit at the end of 1944; this new Gruppe was transferred to the East in early 1945 to counter the Soviet air offensive.
During Operation Bodenplatte, the massed attack on Allied airfields on 1 January 1945, Jagdschwader 3 was one of the few German fighter units to carry out their operations successfully despite fielding the smallest German force that day. The 22 Fw 190s committed destroyed 43 Typhoons and Spitfires and damaged 60 more in a 20-minute attack on the 2nd TAF airfield at Eindhoven (JG 3 claimed 116 destroyed). However the loss of 16 pilots was a serious blow to the unit. Six were captured, 6 were killed while four were posted as missing. Six pilots returned, three of them were wounded.
Commanding officers
Wing commanders
Group commanders
I. Gruppe of JG 3
On 15 January 1942, I. Gruppe of JG 3 became the II. Gruppe of JG 1. In consequence a new I. Gruppe of JG 3 was created on 1 March 1942.
II. Gruppe of JG 3
III. Gruppe of JG 3
IV. Gruppe of JG 3
See also
Organization of the Luftwaffe during World War II
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Hayward, Joel S. (2001). Stopped at Stalingrad: The Luftwaffe and Hitler's Defeat in the East 1942-1943''. University Press of Kansas.
Jagdgeschwader 003
Military units and formations established in 1939
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
German units at the Battle of Stalingrad
The Women's rhythmic individual all-around competition at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held at the Pavelló Olímpic de Reus in Reus from 29 to 30 June.
Competition format
The competition consisted of a qualification round and a final round. The top ten gymnasts in the qualification round advance to the final round. In each round, the gymnasts perform four routines (ball, hoop, clubs, and ribbon), with the scores added to give a total.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2)
Qualification
Alessia Russo of Italy finished in fourth position but did not qualify because a country can only enter two athletes in final.
Final
References
Rhythmic
Thomas Roach (born 2 September 1985) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Roach is the son of former Richmond champion Michael Roach and was drafted to the Richmond Football Club at pick 37 in the 2003 AFL Draft under the father-son rule. He was delisted by Richmond at the end of the 2006 season.
Roach, an on-baller, managed eight games in 2004, his debut season, but played just one game in 2005, mostly playing in the Victorian Football League (VFL) with Richmond's affiliate Coburg. Despite solid form, he struggled to push for selection and managed just two senior games for the 2006 season, both against the West Coast Eagles. In these two games, he collected a total of fourteen possessions – 9 in round 3, and 5 in round 22. These two games took his career total of games to 11, as at the end of the 2006 season. In these 11 games, he had a total of 80 possessions.
At Richmond, Thomas wore the number 8 guernsey of his legendary father for the 2005 and 2006 seasons. The Tigers had hoped for his potential to develop, but after he had struggled to win a place in the senior side in 2006, they decided to delist him.
Thomas Roach grew up in Richmond, Victoria and played for Richmond Junior Football Club up to and including the Under 15s level. He completed the final two years of his junior career with the Greythorn Falcons Football Club where in 2001 he was named the Best and Fairest player in the Colts competition of the Yarra Junior Football League ; he was the first and so far only AFL player to have played for RJFC. Which an award is named after him, for being the first AFL player. It is presented to a player in tackers who show attributes of becoming an AFL player.
Roach played the 2007 season for the North Ballarat Football Club in the VFL.
He is recently retired after playing for the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and is now a teacher by profession at SEDA College, teaching an AFL class located in Preston - affiliated with the Carlton Football Club.
He now coaches the Bayswater Kangaroos in the Eastern Football League.
External links
1985 births
Richmond Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Oakleigh Chargers players
People educated at Carey Baptist Grammar School
North Ballarat Football Club players
Swan Districts Football Club players
Melipotis dispar is a species of moth in the family Erebidae. It is found in Argentina.
References
Moths described in 1979
Melipotis
James Peter Patterson (born January 4, 1957) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer for the United States, from Sun Valley, Idaho. At the Winter Olympics, he finished thirteenth in the downhill in 1976 and fifth in 1980. At the time, it tied for the best finish by an American male in an Olympic downhill (with Bill Beck in 1952).
Two years earlier at the 1978 World Championships at Garmisch-Partenkirchen, West Germany, Patterson was the bronze medalist in the combined event. The combined was then a "paper race", using the results of the downhill, giant slalom, and slalom.
World championship results
From 1948 through 1980, the Winter Olympics were also the World Championships for alpine skiing.
Olympic results
References
External links
Pete Patterson World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame – Pete Patterson
1957 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
People from Sun Valley, Idaho
Fop is a pejorative term for a foolish man.
FOP or fop may also refer to:
Science and technology
Feature-oriented positioning, in scanning microscopy
Feature-oriented programming, in computer science, software product lines
Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, a connective tissue disease which can result in muscles fusing into bone
Formatting Objects Processor, a Java application
fop herbicides, the aryloxyphenoxypropionate subtype of ACCase inhibitors
Other uses
The Fairly OddParents, an American television series
Fellowship of Presbyterians, now The Fellowship Community, a Christian movement in the United States
Festival of Praise, a music festival in Singapore
Flowery orange pekoe, a grade of tea leaf
Fop Smit (1777–1866), Dutch naval architect and shipbuilder
Fraternal Order of Police, an American police organization
Fred. Olsen Production, a Norwegian gas and oil company
Freedom of panorama, a concept in copyright law
Morris Army Airfield, in Georgia, United States
FOP grade tea
Federation of Planets, from Star Trek
The 54th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment ( (54 GIAP); Military Unit Number 06931) was an aviation regiment of the Soviet Air Forces during World War II and the Cold War, which became part of the Soviet Air Defense Forces and the Russian Air Force.
World War II
The 237th Fighter Aviation Regiment began forming in May 1941. From August 1942 the regiment served in combat with the 220th Fighter Aviation Division. On 3 February 1943 the regiment became the 54th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment and the division became the 1st Guards Fighter Aviation Division, mostly fighting as part of the 16th Air Army.
Cold War
After the end of the war, the regiment received the Bell P-63 Kingcobra. It was based at Vaiņode in the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic. The 54th Guards received the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 in 1950 and the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-17 in 1956. It became part of the Soviet Air Defense Forces' 27th Air Defense Corps after the 1st Guards Division headquarters disbanded in 1960. In 1967, the 54th Guards became one of the first regiments equipped with the Sukhoi Su-15 interceptor, and received the Su-15TM in the late 1970s. In 1987, the 54th Guards received the Sukhoi Su-27. By November 1990, according to CFE Treaty data, the regiment fielded 38 Su-27s.
Russian service
In November 1992, under the command of Colonel Ye. A. Tikhomirov, the regiment was relocated to Savasleyka. On 1 September 2002, it was reorganized as the 3958th Air Base, part of the 4th Center for Combat Employment and Retraining of Personnel. On 26 March 2005, the honors of the 54th Guards were transferred to the 3958th, which became the 3958th Guards Air Base. In early 2011, the base became the Aviation Squadron of the State Center for Training of Aviation Personnel and Combat Testing after the 4th Center was redesignated.
Aircraft operated
Assignments
220th Fighter Aviation Division, August 1942 - 2.43
1st Guards Fighter Aviation Division, 2.43 - 1960
27th Air Defence Corps, 1960-12.77
1st Guards Fighter Aviation Division, 12.77 - 15.4.86
27th Air Defense Corps, 4.86 - 1992
148th Centre for Combat Employment and Retraining of Personnel PVO, 1992 - 2001
4th Centre for Combat Employment and Retraining of Personnel, 2001 - 2002
Stations
Guryevsk, Kaliningrad Oblast, May 1945 - August 1945 [54 47 15N, 20 37 10E]
Vainode, Latvian SSR, 8.45 - 1992 [56 24 27N, 21 53 19E]
Savostleyka, Gorkiy Oblast, 1992 - present [55 26 32N, 42 18 35E]
References
Citations
Bibliography
Fighter regiments of the Soviet Air Forces
Fighter regiments of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Regiments of the Russian Air Forces
Air units and formations of the Soviet Union in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 2002
Xyalidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida.
Genera
Genera:
Ammotheristus Lorenzen, 1977
Amphimonhystera Timm, 1961
Amphimonhystrella Timm, 1961
Arabanema Turpeenniemi, Nasira & Maqbool, 2001
Austronema Cobb, 1914
Buccolaimus Allgén, 1959
Capsula Bussau, 1993
Cenolaimus Cobb, 1933
Cienfuegia Armenteros, Vincx & Decraemer, 2009
Cobbia de Man, 1907
Corononema Nicholas & Stewart, 1995
Dactylaimoides Blome, 2002
Dactylaimus Cobb, 1920
Daptonema Cobb, 1920
Echinotheristus Thun & Riemann, 1967
Elzalia Gerlach, 1957
Enchonema Bussau, 1993
Filipjeva Ditlevsen, 1928
Gnomoxyala Lorenzen, 1977
Gonionchus Cobb, 1920
Guitartia Armenteros, 2010
Gullanema Nicholas & Stewart, 1995
Hofmaenneria Gerlach & Meyl, 1957
Hofmaenneria Gerlach & Meyl, 1957
Lamyronema Leduc, 2015
Linhystera Juario, 1974
Litotes Cobb, 1920
Longilaimus Allgén, 1958
Manganonema Bussau, 1993
Marisalbinema Tchesunov, 1990
Metadesmolaimus Schuurmans Stekhoven, 1935
Omicronema Cobb, 1920
Paradaptonema Gagarin, 2020
Paragnomoxyala Jiang & Huang, 2015
Paragonionchus Blome, 2002
Paramonohystera Steiner, 1916
Paramphimonhystrella Huang & Zhang, 2006
Parelzalia Tchesunov, 1990
Penzencia De Man
Promonhystera Wieser, 1956
Prorhynchonema Gourbault, 1982
Pseudechinotheristus Blome, 2002
Pseudelzalia Yu & Xu, 2015
Pseudosteineria Wieser, 1956
Pulchranemella N.Cobb, 1933
Retrotheristus Lorenzen, 1977
Rhynchonema Cobb, 1920
Robustnema Nicholas, 1996
Sacrimarinema Shoshin, 2001
Scaptrella Cobb, 1917
Sphaerotheristus Timm, 1968
Spiramphinema Wieser, 1956
Steineria Micoletzky, 1922
Stylotheristus Lorenzen, 1977
Theristus Bastian, 1865
Theristus Bastian, 1865
Valvaelaimus Lorenzen, 1977
Wieserius Chitwood & Murphy, 1964
Xenolaimus Cobb, 1920
Xyala Cobb, 1920
Zygonemella Cobb, 1920
References
Nematodes
Monotaxis is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1829. The entire genus is endemic to Australia.
Species
Monotaxis bracteata Nees ex Klotzsch - Western Australia
Monotaxis grandiflora Endl. - Western Australia
Monotaxis linifolia Brongn. - New South Wales
Monotaxis luteiflora F.Muell. - Western Australia, South Australia, Northern Territory
Monotaxis macrophylla Benth. - Queensland, New South Wales
Monotaxis occidentalis Endl. - Western Australia
Monotaxis paxii Grüning - Western Australia
Monotaxis tenuis Airy Shaw - N Western Australia, N Northern Territory
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Acalyphoideae
Endemic flora of Australia
Taxa named by Adolphe-Théodore Brongniart
Dalby is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately north from the town of Spilsby. It is in the civil parish of Sausthorpe.
Dalby church is dedicated to Saint Lawrence and Bishop Edward King, and is a Grade II listed building built in 1862 by James Fowler of Louth to replace an earlier church. The font dates from the 14th century.
Dalby Hall is a Grade II listed house dating from the 18th century. The original Dalby Hall was destroyed by fire in 1841 and the
present Hall was rebuilt nearby in 1856, also by James Fowler.
The hamlet of Dexthorpe is considered a deserted medieval village (DMV), first mentioned in 1086, and again in 1334. By 1577 there was just a pasture of two acres, a church, and a parsonage.
References
External links
Villages in Lincolnshire
Civil parishes in Lincolnshire
East Lindsey District
The men's 100 metres event at the Friendship Games was held on 17 August 1984 at the Grand Arena of the Central Lenin Stadium in Moscow, Soviet Union.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
Wind: -0.4 m/s
See also
Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metres
References
Athletics at the Friendship Games
Friendship Games
Abel Peter Diah, RT. HON, DCN (born 1 June 1971) is a Nigerian politician who is the former Speaker of the Taraba State House of Assembly.
Abel Diah is a member of the People's Democratic Party who has served in the Taraba State House of Assembly representing Mbamnga constituency since 2003.
Early life and education
Abel had his primary and secondary Education in Mbamnga ward of Sardauna local Government in Taraba State.
He thereafter proceeded to Federal University of Technology, Yola, where he studied Business Administration. While at university, he developed an interest in politics and was actively involved in the school politics despite being one of the youngest students in his department..
Political career
Abel Diah started his political journey in 1996, when he was elected Councillor representing Warwar Ward, Sardauna Local Government Council under the Zero Party System. He was saddled with the responsibility of taking charge of Health and Natural Resources. Between 1996 and 1997, he emerged the Caretaker Chairman of Sardauna Local Government Council.
In 1998, he, alongside other like-minds, joined the People's Democratic Party in a group under the leadership of the former Vice President Atiku Abubakar from the People's Democratic Movement (PDM), the platform under which he contested and won the election into the Taraba State House of Assembly, representing Mbamnga constituency in 2003.
This purposeful representation has earned Abel the honour of being the longest serving Member in the Taraba State House of Assembly. He has been voted six consecutive times by his constituents to represent them.
He has served in various standing and ad hoc committees of the House of Assembly in different capacities. He won the confidence of his colleagues when they elected him as the 7th Deputy Speaker of Taraba State House of Assembly in 2011.
He emerged as the 8th Speaker Taraba State House of Assembly. Following the inauguration of the Eighth Assembly in June 2015 and was re-elected speaker in April 2016 after the declaration for a rerun election in his constituency election by the Court of Appeal Siting in Yola.
Abel resigned as the Speaker of the Taraba State House of Assembly on 2 December 2019 due to personal reasons. Before his resignation, he was the Secretary of PDP Speakers Forum and the Deputy Chairman of the Conference of Nigerians Speakers Forum.
Personal life
Abel is married to Lois Peter Diah. With whom they have four children. He enjoys sports and plays badminton during his free times.
As a Deacon in the Vineyard of God, he loves reading the Bible and other inspirational literatures.
References
Living people
1971 births
People from Taraba State
Taraba State Peoples Democratic Party politicians
Lisgobban may refer to:
Lisgobban, County Roscommon, a townland in County Roscommon, Ireland
Lisgobban, County Tyrone, a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland
Hatem Trabelsi (; born 25 January 1977) is a Tunisian former professional footballer who played as a right-back for CS Sfaxien, Ajax, Manchester City and Al-Hilal Riyadh. At international level, he represented the Tunisia national team in three World Cups, gaining a total of 66 caps before retiring from international football in 2006.
Club career
Born in Ariana, Tunisia, Trabelsi grew up in Sfax, and started his football career with his home town club Sfaxien, where he initially played as a forward. An injury crisis at Sfaxien resulted in Trabelsi playing as a stop-gap right-back, leading to him converting to defence and becoming the team's regular right-back. In 2001 Trabelsi moved to Europe, signing for Dutch club Ajax.
During the pre season of 2004, he was given a trial period at Arsenal by Arsène Wenger. A fee between Ajax and the English champions was agreed. With the transfer looking imminent, even Pro Evolution Soccer 4 included Trabelsi for Arsenal. However, after disagreements over Trabelsi's salary demands were reported, Trabelsi did not sign with Arsenal and soon returned home to Ajax.
In 2006 Trabelsi was linked with moves to several English clubs, and joined Manchester City on a free transfer on 10 August. Injury and work permit problems prevented him from making his debut until a month into the season, a substitute appearance against Reading on 11 September.
He scored his first Manchester City goal against Manchester United with a left foot shot to beat Edwin van der Sar. Manchester City still lost the game 3–1. Trabelsi lost his right-back place in the side to Micah Richards and Nedum Onuoha. Trabelsi did not play a game after City's 1–0 win at Newcastle United in March, and he was released at the end of the season.
International career
Trabelsi made his international debut for the Tunisia national team in May 1998, shortly before the 1998 World Cup. He also played in all of Tunisia's matches in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and 2006 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2004 African Nations Cup, which Tunisia won. Following Tunisia's elimination from the 2006 World Cup after a 1–0 defeat to Ukraine, Trabelsi announced his retirement from international football at the age of 29, with 61 caps and one goal. He scored his only goal for the national team in 2006 in a friendly match against Ghana.
Style of play
Trabelsi was described as Tunisia's star player in the run-up to the 2006 World Cup. His strongest attributes are generally regarded to be his pace and his agility, though critics sometimes questioned his commitment.
Honours
CS Sfaxien
CAF Cup: 1998
UAFA Club Championship: 2000
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2001–02, 2003–04
KNVB Cup: 2001–02, 2005–06
Johan Cruijff Shield: 2002, 2005
Tunisia
Africa Cup of Nations: 2004
Individual
Officer of the National Order of Merit of Tunisia: 2003
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Association football fullbacks
Tunisian footballers
CS Sfaxien players
AFC Ajax players
Manchester City F.C. players
Eredivisie players
Premier League players
Tunisia international footballers
1998 FIFA World Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
2002 African Cup of Nations players
2004 African Cup of Nations players
2006 Africa Cup of Nations players
Tunisian expatriate footballers
Tunisian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Tunisian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
People from Aryanah
People from Sfax
The Canada national Australian rules football team represents Canada in Australian rules football. The men's side is known as the Northwind () while the women's side is known as the Northern Lights.
The national team is selected by AFL Canada the governing body for Australian rules football in Canada.
Northwind players are selected from the best Canadian-born players from the club teams across Canada.
The team plays in international tournaments, including the Australian Football International Cup and the 49th Parallel Cup.
Identity
The Northwind's guernsey has the Maple leaf, the floral emblem of Canada, in the national colours of red and white.
History
The team formed to participate in the Australian Football International Cup in 2002 (finishing 9th) 2005 (finishing 7th) and 2008 (finishing 6th) as well as exhibition matches against other countries.
Between 1993–1995, the Northwind were undefeated in tests against the British Australian Rules Football League.
Notable players
Stefan Leyhane, Northwind's Captain (2003–2009) was also the only Canadian recipient of the 2002 International All Star Team.
Northwind's best and fairest player (from the 2005 International Cup) was Paul Loughnane.
Northwind's best and fairest player from the 2008 International Cup was Aaron "Azza" Falcioni.
Northwind had two players named to the 2008 World Team: Emanuel Matata at Ruckman, and Scott Fleming at Forward.
Northwind had one player named to the 2011 World Team: Steve Rutledge.
Northwind had two players named to the 2014 World Team: Nathan Strom and Neil Casey.
Northwind had one player named to the 2017 World Team: Eric Klein
Australian Football International Cup
The Northwind have competed at the Australian Football International Cup since their first appearance in 2002. The International Cup is a competition where players that are citizens of the countries who are competing are the only players allowed to play (no expatriate Australians are permitted to play, with teams composed solely of amateurs who must be nationals of the country they represent).
In the 2002 Australian Football International Cup the Canada Northwind finished 9th of 11 teams.
Round 1: Ireland 7.14 (56) def. Canada 4.7 (31) - Trevor Barker Beach Oval, Sandringham, Melbourne
Round 2: Canada 4.11 (38) def. South Africa 1.5 (11)
Round 3: New Zealand 10.8 (68) def. Canada 2.6 (18)
Round 4: USA 8.4 (52) def. Canada 1.1 (7)
Round 5: Samoa 9.15 (69) def. Canada 0.5 (5)
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.5 (41) def. Japan 5.2 (32)
In the 2005 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 7th of 10 teams.
Round 1: Ireland 4.7 (31) def. Canada 3.5 (23)
Round 2: Papua New Guinea 5.11 (41) def. Canada 4.3 (27)
Round 3: Samoa 7.4 (46) def. Canada 6.6 (42)
Round 4: Great Britain 3.7 (25) def. 3.5 Canada (23)
Qualifying Final: Canada def. Spain (Spain forfeited).
7th/8th Place Playoff: Canada 4.5 (29) def. South Africa 2.6 (18)
In the 2008 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 6th of 16 teams:
Round 1: Canada Northwind 18.22 (130) def. Finland Icebreakers 0.0 (0) - Western Oval
Round 2: Canada Northwind 16.12 (108) def. Sweden Elks 1.1 (7) - Ransford Oval
Round 3: Ireland Warriors 4.6 (30) def. Canada Northwind 2.2 (14) - Reid Oval
Finals Round 1: Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) def. Japan Samurais 0.3 (3) - Walter Oval
5th/6th Place Playoff: Nauru Chiefs 12.8 (80) def. Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) - Ransford Oval
In the 2011 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 10th of 18 teams
Group 6 - Match 1: Canada 2.0 (12) def. by the United States 2.3 (15) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Group 6 - Match 2: Canada 3.6 (24) def. Peres Team for Peace 0.0 (0) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 1: Canada 2.3 (15) def. by Great Britain 6.8 (44) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 3: Canada 3.2 (20) def. by New Zealand 5.9 (39) - Blacktown International Sportspark 1
Division 1 Semi-Finals: Canada 13.8 (86) def. Japan 2.1 (13) - McAllister Oval
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.4 (40) def. by Tonga 6.10 (46) - Ransford Oval
In the 2014 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 5th of 18 teams.
Pool C - Round 1: Canada 19.5 (119) def. China 0.1 (1) - McAlister Oval
Pool C - Round 2: Canada 2.8 (20) def. by USA 8.3 (51) - Ransford Oval
Pool C - Round 3: Canada 20.10 (130) def. Sweden 0.0 (0) - Ben Kavanagh Reserve
Division 1 Semi Finals: Canada 9.15 (69) def. France 2.3 (15) - Ransford Oval
Division 1 Championship (5th/6th Place Playoff): Canada 9.7 (61) def. Tonga 7.6 (48) - McAlister Oval
2005 International Cup squad
See also
AFL Canada
Australian Rules Football in Canada
Australian Football International Cup
References
External links
AFL Canada – Northwind
Australian rules football in Canada
Canada
Australian rules football
Spry Harbour is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality, located along the Marine Drive on Nova Scotia Trunk 7. The community is located about west of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. The community is located around Taylor Bay and Spry Harbour, inlets of the Atlantic Ocean.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The 2022–23 season is the 112th season in the existence of GNK Dinamo Zagreb and the club's 32nd consecutive season in the top flight of Croatian football. In addition to the domestic league, Dinamo Zagreb is participating in this season's editions of the Croatian Cup and the UEFA Champions League.
Players
First-team squad
after match against NK Osijek
Transfers
In
Loan returnees
Out
Loan out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Croatian Football Super Cup
Hrvatska nogometna liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Croatian Football Cup
UEFA Champions League
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Play off round
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 25 August 2022.
References
GNK Dinamo Zagreb seasons
Dinamo Zagreb
2022–23 UEFA Champions League participants seasons
2022–23 UEFA Europa League participants seasons
Mkhitar Mnatsakanyan (; born on 16 June 1950 in Sevan, Armenia) is an Armenian politician. On November 23, Armenian president Serzh Sargsyan appointed Mkhitar Mnatsakanyan as the Republic's Labour and Social Affairs Minister.
Education and career
Mnatsakanyan graduated from Yerevan State Medical University with Master's degree of Medical Sciences in 1972 and in 1984 became a graduate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs Management University with Master's in sport. After graduating from the Yerevan State Medical University, Mnatsakanyan served as a surgeon and inter until 1975 and from that year and until 1977 was a forensic expert at one of the districts of Aparan-Aragats. He also served as an administrative director of the Red Cross's International Post Trauma Rehabilitation Center from 1994 to 1995, and from 1995 to 2001 served as general director of the same center, before becoming president of the Armenian Red Cross Society at which post he served until 2007.
On May 12, 2007 Mnatsakanyan was elected as deputy of the National Assembly from the Prosperous Armenia party. On December 6, 2007 he was elected Chairman of the National Assembly Standing Committee on Protection of Human Rights and Public Affairs. From November 23, 2009 to June 23, 2010, he also served as Minister of Labor and Social Affairs of Armenia. Mnatskanyan is married, and has two children and four grandchildren. Mnatsakanyan is an Honorable Professor of European University and a member of both the Russian Academy of Medical and Technical Sciences and of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Government ministers of Armenia
Yerevan State Medical University alumni
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
People from Sevan, Armenia
Foreign Members of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences
Eloi Metullus (born 1892, date of death unknown) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team that won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
1892 births
Year of death missing
Haitian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Haiti
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
BFD may refer to:
Agencies
Bakersfield Fire Department, Bakersfield, California
Boston Fire Department, Boston, Massachusetts
Brooklyn Fire Department (former), Brooklyn, New York
Buffalo Fire Department, Buffalo, New York
Computing
Bidirectional Forwarding Detection, a network protocol used to detect faults between devices
Binary File Descriptor library, the GNU Project's main mechanism for the portable manipulation of object files in a variety of formats
Binary Format Description language, an extension of XSIL
A virtual music instrument meant to simulate a drumset, released by FXpansion
Media
Benelux Film Distributors, a joint venture of various independent film distributors
BFD, an annual alternative music festival hosted by the radio station Live 105
Transportation
Bakersfield (Amtrak station), California (Amtrak station code)
Bradford Regional Airport, Bradford, Pennsylvania (IATA airport code)
Brentford railway station, London, England (National Rail station code)
Other
Back focal distance or back focal length, in optics
Bafut language (ISO 639 alpha-3 code: bfd)
BFD Energy Challenger, a professional tennis tournament in Rome, Italy
Boiler feedwater pump, a type of pump used to pump feedwater into a steam boiler
Bounded factorization domain, a particular kind of atomic domain
Budgerigar fledgling disease, a virus, frequently fatal to caged birds
Bund Freier Demokraten, the German acronym for Association of Free Democrats
Bundesfreiwilligendienst or Federal volunteers service, Germany
Conker's Bad Fur Day, a 2001 video game
Quod licet Iovi, non licet bovi is a Latin phrase, literally "What is permissible for Jupiter is not permissible for cows". The locus classicus (origin) for the phrase is the novella Aus dem Leben eines Taugenichts (1826) by Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff, although it is not entirely clear that Eichendorff coined the phrase himself. In his play Heauton Timorumenos, Terence, a playwright of the Roman Republic, coined a similar phrase, Aliis si licet, tibi non licet ("to others it is permitted; to you it is not permitted").
The phrase is often translated as "Gods may do what cattle may not". It indicates the existence of a double standard (justifiable or otherwise), and essentially means "what is permitted to one important person or group, is not permitted to everyone."
See also
The Ass and the Lapdog by Aesop
"All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others" in Animal Farm
List of Latin phrases
References
Latin words and phrases
1820s neologisms
Quotations from literature
Metaphors referring to cattle
Cattle in religion
Nancy King was a netball player from New Zealand who played for her country on 12 occasions, including in the 1971 World Netball Championships. More recently, she has worked in New Zealand and Australia, and has been a human rights and social justice advocate.
Early life
Nancy King (née Carroll) came from Makarewa, a small community north of Invercargill in the south of New Zealand's South Island. She attended Makarewa School from 1949 until 1955 before moving to Southland Girls' High School in Invercargill until 1958.
Netball career
King played netball for her school but was allowed to reserve Saturdays to play for the Makarewa Club. She was selected to play for the Southland region in 1956, at the age of 15. In the mid-1960s she moved to Australia and was selected to play for New South Wales between 1965 and 1967. Returning to New Zealand, she played for the Wellington club in 1968 and 1969. She had the distinction of playing for both the North Island and the South Island and captaining them both. In 1969 she was selected to play for the New Zealand national netball team, first in matches against Australia and then in the 1971 World Netball Championships. New Zealand came second to Australia.
Later life
King worked in both New Zealand and Australia as a communications training expert. She worked for the Australian Associated Press and also lived briefly in Mexico City. She obtained a diploma in teaching and learning from the Christchurch College of Education (now part of the University of Canterbury) and a master's from the same college in 2005. In 2009 she was awarded a master's in peace and conflict studies from the University of Sydney. King has been a Liturgical Assistant at Christchurch Cathedral, a TV panellist, and a community radio broadcaster. She has also been active with organizations concerned with human rights and social justice. Between 2011 and 2013 she worked in Darwin in Australia's Northern Territory on government relations.
Personal life
King married Terry King. They had three children.
References
Living people
New Zealand netball players
New Zealand international netball players
1971 World Netball Championships players
Netball players in New South Wales
New Zealand expatriate netball people in Australia
Sportspeople from Makarewa
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jeff Jericho (born November 21, 1985), is an American hip hop recording artist from Los Angeles, California. Jericho gained his interest in music at an early age and began performing at school talent shows during his high school years. After forming a relationship with producers J-Myth and DeUno the group of friends began working on their craft and learning each other's musical tastes prior to beginning work on Jericho's debut release
Jericho began to gain notable recognition in 2014, after his first retail release, titled The Jericho Experience. The first single that was released from the album was titled Get Crazy and the music video, directed by Aris Jerome, premiered on the Vevo network a week prior to that album's official release date. The song which is widely considered to be Jericho's breakthrough song from the album was titled Ridin Slow and received nearly a million streams on sites such as Spotify, Rdio, and SoundCloud. The single received notable coverage across a number of digital media outlets and along with the Aris Jerome directed music video, the song helped to recognize Jericho as one of the new and rising hip-hop artists on the west coast.
Jericho's debut album, The Jericho Experience, was released on April 22, 2014. The album contained the singles "Get Crazy", "Ridin Slow", and "Drives Me Crazy". The album contained 3 official music video releases on Vevo, MTV, and MUZU.TV networks.
Early life
Jericho was born in Los Angeles, California, to an immigrant mother from Europe and a military father from Greenville, Mississippi. Mostly raised in a single- parent household, Jericho is the only child of his parents, who split when he was 4 years of age. Jericho's childhood years were spent in South Gate, California which is a city located in Los Angeles County, California. As a teenager, Jericho attended Cathedral City High School in Cathedral City, California, located in southern California's Coachella Valley. After graduating from high school Jericho would return to the greater Los Angeles area, where he moved to Long Beach, California
Music career
2014-2015
On April 22, 2014 Jericho released his debut album The Jericho Experience. After receiving notable coverage for his single Ridin Slow which premiered on Vevo, MTV, and MUZU.TV networks, Jericho positioned himself to be viewed as one of the exciting, new up and coming artists on the West Coast.
Later that year in October, Jericho released a stand-alone single titled She's On It. The single was only issued as a digital release and was not accompanied by a music video; however, the single did quite well on most streaming sites while piggy backing off the success of Ridin Slow. Jericho is currently working on his next studio release titled Cake Dreams which was scheduled to be released during the late spring or early summer months of 2015.
Artistry
Influences
Jericho has stated that Tupac Shakur, Nas, Jay-Z, OutKast, Snoop Dogg and Slum Village are some of his top influences.
Discography
Studio albums
The Jericho Experience
References
External links
Official Website
Jeff Jericho on Twitter
Jeff Jericho on Facebook
1985 births
African-American male rappers
African-American songwriters
Living people
Rappers from Los Angeles
Songwriters from California
West Coast hip hop musicians
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
American male songwriters
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Austrian surname Schmitzer is related to the surname Schmitz. The Czechized form is Šmicer. It may refer to:
Jiří Schmitzer, Czech actor
Karl Schmitzer (1926-2011), Austrian politician, member of National Council (1970-1981)
Vladimír Šmicer, Czech footballer
German-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Orghana (Orakina or Ergene Khatun) was an Oirat princess of the Mongol Empire and Empress of the Chagatai Khanate. She was a daughter of Torolchi, chief of the Oirats and Checheyikhen, daughter of Genghis Khan. She served as regent in the name of her infant son from 1252 to 1261.
Early life
She married Qara Hülëgü, a grandson of Chagatai Khan. Her husband was enthroned as Chagatayid Khan in 1242 after deaths of both Ögedei and Chagatai. However, Güyük Khan replaced Qara Hulagu with his uncle Yesü Möngke in 1246.
Regent
When the Toluid family overthrew the Ögedeids, Qara Hulagu supported Möngke Khan in 1251. Möngke reappointed Qara Hulagu khan of the Chagatai Khanate and executed Yesü Möngke. However, he died on the way and Möngke permitted his widow Orghana to serve as regent in the name of her infant son. She ruled the Khanate from 1252 to 1261, nine years.
According to Rashid al-Din, she organized a banquet for Hulagu when his army was marching through Central Asia to Iran in 1255.
Civil war
In 1260, the Toluid Civil War broke out in the Mongol Empire with the death of Möngke, and his brother Ariq Böke dispatched Alghu to Beshbalik to consolidate his power. Alghu removed Orghana from power whereupon she fled to Mongolia. Taking advantage of the struggle between Ariq Böke and the older brother Kublai, Alghu acted as an autonomous khan who sided with Kublai and killed Ariq Böke's officials. After several battles, Ariq Böke sent Masud Beg and Orghana to Alghu to negotiate peace.
Alghu married the beautiful, wise and discerning princess Orghana, and appointed Masud viceroy in Central Asia.
After the death of Alghu in 1266, Orghana nominated her son Mubarak Shah by her first husband, Qara Hulagu as khan of the Chagatai Khanate.
The Great Khan Kublai was furious at this and sent Baraq to take power in the Chagatai Khanate. After few months, he usurped the throne from Mubarak Shah with the assistance of the Mongol noblemen.
However, Orghana had apparently died by that time.
Notes
13th-century births
Oirats
Women of the Mongol Empire
13th-century viceregal rulers
13th-century women rulers
1260s deaths
13th-century Mongolian women
Howard Taylor Ricketts (February 9, 1871 – May 3, 1910) was an American pathologist after whom the family Rickettsiaceae and the order Rickettsiales are named.
He was born in Findlay, Ohio. In the early part of his career, Ricketts undertook research at Northwestern University on blastomycosis. He later worked in the Bitterroot Valley of Montana and at the University of Chicago on Rocky Mountain spotted fever. This early pathology, entomology and epidemiology research in Hamilton, Montana lead to the eventual formation of the Rocky Mountain Laboratory there.
While in Montana, Ricketts and his assistant discovered that the vector that carried the pathogen for Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a tick, the Rocky Mountain wood tick (Dermacentor andersoni; some other species of ticks, such as the American dog or wood tick, Dermacentor variabilis, also are vectors). It was not at once clear what kind of organism the pathogen was; eventually it was named Rickettsia, the first of the Rickettsiales to be identified. However, for decades, until electron microscopy and other technologies became sufficiently advanced, it was not known whether Rickettsiales were bacteria, viruses, or something in between. They now are known to be bacteria specialised for intracellular parasitism.
Ricketts was devoted to his research and, on several occasions, injected himself with pathogens to study their effects. The pathogen causing Rocky Mountain spotted fever, Rickettsia rickettsii was named after him. After this eponymous genus, the larger family and order were given their names.
In 1910, Ricketts became interested in a strain of murine-carried typhus known as tabardillo due to a major outbreak in Mexico City, and the apparent similarity of the disease to spotted fever. Days after isolating the organism that he believed caused typhus, he himself died of the disease. His last papers were written in collaboration with R. M. Wilder.
Ricketts was survived by his wife, Myra Tubbs Ricketts, and children. His family established an annual student research prize, the Howard Taylor Ricketts Prize, at the University of Chicago in 1912.
References
Further reading
External links
Guide to the Howard Taylor Ricketts Papers 1891-1977 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
American pathologists
Deaths from typhus
1871 births
1910 deaths
Rickettsiales
People from Findlay, Ohio
Northwestern University alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Berrien County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2022 census, the population was 50,939. The county seat is Nashville. The county was created February 25, 1856 out of portions of Coffee, Irwin and Lowndes Counties by an act of the Georgia General Assembly. It is named after Georgia senator John M. Berrien.
History
Establishment
The citizens of the area of Lowndes County and Irwin County that would become Berrien County had to travel long distances to get the county courthouse at Franklinville, Georgia and later Troupville, Georgia for those in Lowndes County, and Irwinville, Georgia for those in Irwin County. By at least June 1853, citizens had petitioned to form a new county. The 1853 attempt of a new county failed. By 1856, a renewed attempt at the creation of a new county was successful.
World War I
Berrien County lost a disproportionate number of men in World War I in part because companies at that time were organized by militia districts at home. Eight weeks before the Armistice, 25 Berrien County men were among the 200 recently enlisted soldiers who perished at sea off the coast of Scotland. Many of the bodies were returned to the soldiers' hometowns for burial, and the names of the dead were engraved on a memorial located on the courthouse grounds in Nashville. The memorial was the first in a series of pressed copper sculptures by artist E. M. Viquesney entitled The Spirit of the American Doughboy.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water.
The western portion of Berrien County, from just north of U.S. Route 82 and roughly west of U.S. Route 129 heading south, is located in the Withlacoochee River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The eastern portion of the county is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the larger Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 129
State Route 11
State Route 37
State Route 64
State Route 76
State Route 125
State Route 135
State Route 158
State Route 168
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Irwin County - north
Coffee County - northeast
Atkinson County - east
Lanier County - southeast
Lowndes County - south
Cook County - west
Tift County - northwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,235 people, 6,261 households, and 4,539 families living in the county. The population density was 36 people per square mile (14/km2). There were 7,100 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 85.48% White, 11.43% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 1.53% from other races, and 0.92% from two or more races. 2.37% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,261 households, out of which 34.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.20% were married couples living together, 11.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 23.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.20% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 28.70% from 25 to 44, 22.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 96.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,044, and the median income for a family was $34,643. Males had a median income of $25,559 versus $19,790 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,375. About 14.60% of families and 17.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.40% of those under age 18 and 13.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 19,286 people, 7,443 households, and 5,254 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 8,709 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.7% white, 10.7% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 2.6% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.8% were American, 14.4% were Irish, 8.2% were English, and 6.6% were German.
Of the 7,443 households, 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.5% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.4% were non-families, and 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 38.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,202 and the median income for a family was $40,869. Males had a median income of $30,847 versus $22,277 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,049. About 18.2% of families and 23.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.8% of those under age 18 and 17.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 18,160 people, 7,367 households, and 5,055 families residing in the county.
Historical notes
Berrien Historical Foundation maintains Berrien Historical Photos website.
Communities
Cities
Nashville
Ray City
Towns
Alapaha
Enigma
Unincorporated communities
Bannockburn
Glory
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berrien County, Georgia
References
External links
Official website
Berrien County historical marker
1856 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1856
is a novel by Takeshi Kaiko in 1959.
The name was derived from Bertold Brecht's Threepenny Opera and in a way is its variant, in the Japanese setting.
The novel is based on actual events. It is set in post-World War II Japan. In the middle of Osaka there are ruins of the Imperial Arsenal demolished by American bombing, full of scrap metal. While the metals are precious in the destroyed economy of Japan, state bureaucracy is extremely slow to recover them. A settlement of outcasts, lumpen proletariat, spontaneously organize themselves into teams, using this circumstance as an opportunity to sneak into the Arsenal and scavenge the scrap. Reporters dubbed them "Apaches", after the Native American Apache tribe, and they accepted the name.
The novel seemingly has no positive heroes, it is intentionally anti-aesthetical, but the reader feels sympathy for these people struggling for life in the miniature copy of the capitalist society with all its attributes: division of labour, exploitation, hard toil and the dream to get rich quick.
After this novel the term "apache" entered the Japanese language to denote scavengers of recyclables, e.g., of scrap paper.
References
1959 Japanese novels
Novels set in Japan
Benny Shaw is the protagonist of two children's literature novels by Irish author Eoin Colfer. The first book in the series, Benny and Omar, sees Benny move from Ireland to Tunisia and befriend a local boy. The second book, Benny and Babe, deals with Benny's holiday in Ireland and a friendship with a local girl.
Benny and Omar
Plot summary
An Irish boy named Benny, who is on an all-Ireland hurling team, journeys to Tunisia because of his father's new oversea job. He is determined to hate and find fault with the country and annoys everyone. Then he meets another boy called Omar. They develop a friendship through Omar's "telly-speak" English. Benny's father bans Benny from seeing Omar because he thinks that Omar is a bad influence and because Benny went off with Omar when he was supposed to look after his brother. Benny endures punishment for being with Omar, but that doesn't stop him from running away with him the second his parents trust him again in order to rescue Omar's drugged and hospitalized sister Kaheena. Benny is exposed to real life in Tunisia, actual pain and suffering bigger than losing a sports match, and realizes just how lucky he is after Omar drowns in a flood (although, this is, in fact, arguable, as the bracelet Benny gave to Omar was found on a tree).
Benny and Babe
This story takes place on Benny's summer holidays, which he spends with his grandfather in the country. "Babe" Meara is the village tomboy. Babe and Benny become partners and start a business finding lost lures and re-selling them. Benny refers to the people living in Duncade, the place where he is spending his holidays, as culchies. Benny and the other culchies versed in hurling and Babe unexpectedly won. Benny and Babe's business seems to be going well until they meet Furty Howlin, an old friend back from reforming school and an unpleasant person to deal with. He tries to get Benny and Babe out of business. While trying to get to the Black Chan, something terribly wrong happens to Benny. He almost drowns but is saved by Jerry. The book ends with Babe coming over to Benny's house..
Literary characters introduced in 1998
Valette Island () is an island, 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) long, lying in the west side of the entrance to Mill Cove on the south side of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands. Charted by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition, 1902–1904, under Bruce, who named it for L.H. Valette, Argentine meteorologist at the Laurie Island station during 1904.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of the South Orkney Islands
Barton Stacey railway station was a small single platform halt serving an army camp near the village of Barton Stacey. It was opened by February 1940; there was a regular workers' train from Southampton by that date. Little else is known, primarily because of its military association; and its whole life was during wartime — it closed in December 1940
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1939
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1940
Gáspár Bekes de Kornyát (also Gáspár de Corniath Bekes, Kornyáti Bekes Gáspár, or Kaspar Bekes, Caspar Bekesh; 1520 – 7 November 1579) was a Hungarian nobleman who fought Stephen Báthory for the throne of Transylvania after the death of John II Sigismund Zápolya in 1571. Allied with Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor, and the Székelys, Bekes organized two rebellions against Báthory, but was defeated. After Báthory became King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in 1576, Bekes reconciled with Báthory, becoming his close adviser. Bekes also fought in the Danzig rebellion and the Livonian War.
Rivalry with Báthory
Bekes was treasurer for John II Sigismund Zápolya, King of Hungary (died 1571), and gained considerable power and favor with him. In his testament, Zápolya, who had no legal heir, designated Bekes as Voivode of Transylvania. However, the Hungarian nobles did not honor the will and elected Stephen Báthory as their voivode while Bekes was away on a diplomatic mission in the court of Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor. Supported by Maximilian, who opposed Báthory for the throne of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, Bekes gathered his army and organized a rebellion against Báthory, but was defeated. Bekes lost all of his possessions and was forced to seek asylum with Maximilian in Vienna. When Poland–Lithuania elected Henry of Valois as its monarch, Maximilian and Báthory ceased hostilities. Bekes unsuccessfully traveled to the Ottoman Empire seeking allies. His hopes were revived again when in 1574 Henry of Valois abdicated the Polish throne for that of France and the Maximilian–Báthory rivalry resumed. Bekes, supported by Székelys, started another rebellion, but his forces were defeated in the Battle of Kerelőszentpál in 1575. Supporters of Bekes were brutally suppressed and privileges for the Székelys were suspended.
Service to Báthory and death
In 1576, Báthory was elected and crowned a King of Poland and later became a Grand Duke of Lithuania (the nobility in Lithuania were at first reluctant to Bathory and preferred Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor), thus becoming the ruler of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Maximilian died in 1576, and Bekes lost any hopes of reclaiming Transylvania. Bekes decided to reconcile with Báthory and became his loyal ally and close adviser despite differences in their religions. During the Danzig rebellion, Bekes commanded Hungarian troops, sent to assist Báthory in establishing his control over the Commonwealth, and gained special recognition for his defense of Elbląg (Ebling). During the Livonian War against Ivan IV of Russia, Bekes joined the expedition to reconquer Polatsk (1579). For his service Báthory assigned him Lanckorona and other lands. On his way to Hrodna Bekes caught cold, fell ill, and died later in Hrodna. His body was transported to Vilnius for burial, but none of the city's Christian cemeteries agreed to accept him because of his Unitarian faith. Therefore, he was buried on a hill, which later became known as the Bekes Hill. His grave was marked by an octagonal tower, in height and in diameter. The hill and his grave were washed away by the Vilnia River in the mid-1800s. The territory is now within the Kalnai Park.
References
1520 births
1579 deaths
Hungarian nobility in Transylvania
Hungarian Unitarians
16th-century Hungarian people
Polish people of the Livonian campaign of Stephen Báthory
Eastern Hungarian Kingdom
The red-throated barbet (Psilopogon mystacophanos) is a species of bird in the family Megalaimidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swamps.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
The red-throated barbet male is mainly green with a red crown, throat, and spot below the throat. He also has a black spot above each eye and a yellow crown patch. There is also some blue near his eyes and on the lower part of his throat. The female lacks most of the male's facial coloration, but is otherwise similar. Juveniles resemble females. Adults measure in length and weigh .
References
red-throated barbet
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Malaysia
red-throated barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saint Leocadia (; ) is a Spanish saint. She is thought to have suffered martyrdom and died on December 9, ca. 304, in the Diocletianic Persecution.
The feast day for St. Leocadia of Toledo appears under 9 December in the historical martyrologies of the ninth century. Her name is not mentioned by Prudentius in his hymn on the martyrs of Spain. However, in very early times there was a church dedicated to her at Toledo.
In the first half of the seventh century "the church of Saint Leocadia" was mentioned as the meeting-place of the Fourth Synod of Toledo in 633, as well as of the fifth in 636, and the sixth in 638.
Of her veneration, the Catholic Encyclopedia writes that "long before that date, therefore, Leocadia must have been publicly honoured as a martyr. The basilica in question was evidently erected over her grave. There is no doubt of the historical fact of her martyrdom, whilst the date of 9 December for her annual commemoration obviously rests on the tradition of the Church of Toledo. More recently compiled Acts relate that Leocadia was filled with a desire for martyrdom through the story of the martyrdom of St. Eulalia."
By order of the governor, Decianus, described in the martyrology as the most furious persecutor of the Christians in Spain, she was seized and cruelly tortured in order to make her apostatize, but she remained steadfast and was sent back to prison, where she died from the effects of the torture.
A church was built over her grave, besides which are two others at Toledo dedicated to her.
Leocadia's Relics
She was buried in the local cemetery, near the Tagus, where soon a cult sprung around her grave. It is thought that a basilica was built in the fourth century, improved upon in 618 by Sisebut. The seventh century saw a flourishing of her cult.
During the reign of Alfonso X of Castile, the prison where she is said to have been incarcerated still carried proof of her habitation. A contemporary witness records: "There still existed, and we touched it, a sign of the cross impressed in the stone because the martyr constantly touched the walls with her fingers that sign of our redemption."
During the ninth century, her relics were moved during the persecutions of Abd ar-Rahman II. They were moved to Oviedo; Alfonso the Chaste erected a basilica there in her honor. In the eleventh century, a Count of Hainault arrived in Spain as a pilgrim to Compostela. He fought alongside Alfonso VI of Castile in campaigns of the Reconquista, and received in recompense the relics of Saint Leocadia and Saint Sulpicius. Thus, her relics were taken out of Spain.
Her relics were known to have been located at the Benedictine abbey of Saint-Ghislain, in present-day Belgium.
Her relics were venerated there by Philip the Handsome and Joanna of Castile, who recovered for Toledo a tibia of the saint. The abbey of Saint-Ghislain suffered depredations in the wars of the 16th century. Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba attempted unsuccessfully to rescue the rest of her relics. However, a Jesuit named Miguel Hernández, a native of Toledo Province, found her relics in 1583. After many travels, he brought them to Rome in 1586. They were brought to Valencia by sea, and then finally brought to Toledo from Cuenca. Philip II of Spain presided over a solemn ceremony commemorating the final translation of her relics to Toledo, in April 1587.
The small town of Leocadia, near Samaraes, between Braga and Guimarães in Northern Portugal, is named after her.
References
External links
Leocadia at the Catholic Encyclopedia
Patron saints: Leocadia
CatholicSaints
Catholic.org
Santa Leocadia
Santa Leocadia
Saints from Hispania
304 deaths
Burials in the Province of Toledo
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Roman women
Christian child saints
Year of birth unknown
Christians martyred during the reign of Diocletian
Aleksandr Artemyev (born 5 September 1966) is a Russian former boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Soviet male boxers
Russian male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Soviet Union
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Saint Petersburg
Bantamweight boxers
Bahasa Binan (or bahasa Béncong) is a distinctive Indonesian speech variety originating from the gay community. It has several regular patterns of word formation and is documented in both writing and speech.
One pattern of word formation modifies standard Indonesian roots (normally composed of two syllables) to have e as the first vowel and ong closing the second syllable—hence providing regular assonance with the standard Indonesian word bencong , a male homosexual, trans woman, or male crossdresser. Another word formation pattern adds -in- infixes to other Indonesian roots. The best example is the word binan itself, formed with the word banci, "male transvestite", to which the -in- infix has been added and from which the second syllable -ci has been dropped. Bahasa Binan also uses a range of standard Indonesian words with altered meaning. The standard word for "cat", kucing, is used in Bahasa Binan to denote a male prostitute. Another word with wide currency in Bahasa Binan, but actually typical of standard Indonesian informal word formation, is waria from wanita (woman) + pria (man), meaning "transvestite".
See also
Ablaut
Affix
Gayle
IsiNgqumo
Morpheme
Polari
:id:Betty Bencong Slebor (Indonesian Wikipedia)
:id:Joko Wiryanto Suwito (Indonesian Wikipedia)
Notes and references
Bibliography
Boellstorff, Tom (2007). A coincidence of desires: anthropology, queer studies, Indonesia. Duke University Press.
Boellstorf, Tom (2005). The gay archipelago: sexuality and nation in Indonesia. Princeton University Press.
Boellstorff, Tom (2003). '"Authentic, of course!": gay language in Indonesia and cultures of belonging'. Chapter 7, pages 181–201 in William Leap, Tom Boellstorff (eds). Speaking in queer tongues: globalization and gay language. University of Illinois Press.
Offord, Baden and Leon Cantrell (2001). "Homosexual Rights as Human Rights in Indonesia". Pages 233–252 in Gerard Sullivan and Peter A. Jackson (eds). Gay and lesbian Asia: culture, identity, community. Haworth Press.
TYO (2005). "Bahasa 'Binan' dan Trendi". Lampung Post 23 January.
External links
GAYa NUSANTARA – official website of GAYa Nusantara
Gaya Nusantara – National Library of Australia subscription to GAYa Nusantara
Bahasa Binan: Detik Forum – moderated open online forum for Bahasa Binan posts, hosted by detikForum
Society of Indonesia
Languages of Indonesia
LGBT in Indonesia
LGBT linguistics
Cant languages
Mexmut Sulayman (; June 5, 1968 November 23, 2020) was a Uyghur singer and musician from Xinjiang of China. Sulayman has studied dancing in Xinjiang Arts Institute in 1981, and entered Kashgar Art Troupe in 1985 after the graduation. In 1990, he formed a band called Riwayet and started to perform music.
Early life
Mexmut Sulayman was a Uyghur musician known for Uyghur rock, folk and pop music. He performed the film score music for the Uyghur film This Is Not A Dream directed by Shirzat Yaqup, based on a short story of the same name by Memtimin Hoshur.
Career
Sulayman served as a judge on the reality talent show The Voice of the Silk Road.
Death
He died on 23 November 2020 in Ürümqi due to sudden cardiac arrest after heart attack.
See also
Abdulla Abdurehim
Adil Mijit
Erkin Abdulla
Ablajan Awut Ayup
References
Living people
Uyghur people
1968 births
The South Broad Street Historic District in Rome, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 41 contributing buildings.
It includes large houses on South Broad Street, built of brick and frame, built during 1880 to 1910.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Floyd County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1880
Crosscurrent is ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro's second U.S. solo album. It was released in August 2003.
The album won the 2004 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Instrumental Album of the Year. It also won the 2004 Hawaii Music Awards for Album of the Year, and Instrumental Hawaiian Album of the Year.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Jake Shimabukuro except where noted
"Crosscurrent"
"Toastman's Dilemma"
"Fragile" (Sting)
"I've Been Thinking"
"Wish On My Star"
"Spain" (Chick Corea)
"Mrs. Robinson" (Paul Simon)
"Skyline"
"Orange World"
"When You're Down"
"Beat Of My Heart"
"Hana" (Shoukichi Kina)
External links
Crosscurrent at AllMusic
Biography of Jake Shimabukuro at Billboard
2003 albums
Jake Shimabukuro albums
Na Hoku Hanohano Award-winning albums
Nicholas Stuart Hagglund (born September 14, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for FC Cincinnati in Major League Soccer.
Career
Xavier University
Hagglund played four years of college soccer for the Xavier Musketeers. He made 81 appearances, starting in 80, while scoring four goals and adding 11 assists. Hagglund was named Big East Defensive Player of the Year for 2013, along with First Team All-Big East honors. During his collegiate career he has also earned Atlantic 10 Defensive Player honors, and was named to the Atlantic 10 All-Conference First Team. In his freshman campaign he was named to Atlantic 10 All-Rookie Team and Atlantic 10 All-Tournament Team.
Toronto FC
On January 16, 2014 Hagglund was drafted in the first round (10th overall) of the 2014 MLS SuperDraft by Toronto FC.
Hagglund made his professional debut in a 2–0 win over the Columbus Crew on April 5, 2014.
On September 27, 2014 Hagglund scored his first 2 goals in a 3–2 come from behind home victory against the Portland Timbers.
In August 2015, Hagglund was temporarily loaned to Toronto's lower division USL club, Toronto FC II.
On November 30, 2016, Hagglund scored the goal that put Toronto FC ahead 3–2 against the Montreal Impact in the Eastern Conference Final. This tied the aggregate score at 5–5, and sent the game into extra time. Toronto FC went on to score 2 in extra time to win the game 5–2 and earn their first-ever appearance in the MLS Cup against Seattle Sounders FC.
FC Cincinnati
On January 23, 2019, Hagglund was traded to his hometown team FC Cincinnati ahead of their inaugural season in MLS. Cincinnati received the No. 24 Allocation Ranking and Hagglund from Toronto in exchange for $200,000 in General Allocation Money in 2019, $100,000 in Targeted Allocation Money in 2020 and the No. 1 Allocation Ranking. He scored his first goal for the club on October 14, 2020 against the Columbus Crew, scoring the winning goal on a header from a set piece in the 49th minute, to give Cincinnati their first ever win over their interstate rival.
Following the 2021 season, Cincinnati declined their contract option on Hagglund. He re-signed with the team on January 14, 2022.
Career statistics
Honors
Toronto FC:
MLS Cup: 2017
Supporters' Shield: 2017
Eastern Conference Winners (Playoffs): 2016, 2017
Canadian Championship: 2016, 2017
Trillium Cup: 2016, 2017
Individual
Big East Defensive Player of the Year: 2013
All-Big East First Team: 2013
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
FC Cincinnati players
Xavier Musketeers men's soccer players
Toronto FC players
Toronto FC II players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Cincinnati
Toronto FC draft picks
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Tsuyoshi Fujino (; born September 3, 1962 in Tokyo) is a Japanese slalom canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of 28th in the K-1 event in Barcelona in 1992.
External links
Sports-Reference.com profile
1962 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Japanese male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Japan
Vernier Valley () is an ice-free valley on the east side of Mount Blackwelder in the northeast part of Wilkniss Mountains, Victoria Land. The name is one of a group in the area associated with surveying applied in 1993 by New Zealand Geographic Board (NZGB); vernier being a graduated scale used on measuring instruments to allow the reading of finer subdivisions.
Valleys of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The PageRank algorithm has several applications in biochemistry. ("PageRank" is an algorithm used in Google Search for ranking websites in their results, but it has been adopted for other purposes also. According to Google, PageRank works by "counting the number and quality of links to a page to determine a rough estimate of how important the website is," the underlying assumption being that more important websites are likely to receive more links from other websites.)
Application in analyzing protein networks
The relative importance-measuring property of the PageRank link analysis algorithm could be used to identify new possible drug targets in proteins. A PageRank-based algorithm could identify important protein targets in the pathogen organism better than a method considering only the number of incoming edges (in-degree) of a node in the metabolic network. The reason for this is that some already known, important protein targets do not have a high degree (are not hubs) and also, perturbing some hubs could result in unwanted physiological effects.
Description
The clinical use of most antibiotics result in a mutation of the pathogen organism leading to their resistance against the drug. Therefore, development of new drugs is always needed. A potential first step in developing new drugs against currently threatening diseases (e.g. tuberculosis) is to find new drug targets in the causative agent of the disease, i.e. the pathogen microorganism, let it be either a bacterium, or a protozoan parasite. After finding the target protein in the bacterium (or protozoan parasite), one could design small molecular drug compounds that bind to the protein and inhibit it.
Public availability of biological network data makes the process of searching for new drug targets easier than it was before. By using the available metabolic networks, it is possible to find important nodes with link analysis algorithms, like PageRank. In a recently published paper, biochemical reactions are treated as nodes of the metabolic network. In this directed network, reaction A has a directed edge towards reaction B if the product of the former enters the latter reaction as a substrate or co-factor.
To select important nodes that could serve as drug targets, we might think of selecting high in-degree nodes (hubs; nodes with many incoming edges). It was shown however[2], that targeting hub proteins with many vital functions may unintentionally harm the living cell as well. A PageRank-based scoring method could detect important nodes that are not hubs and therefore might be better drug targets.
The PageRank of a node A is the stationary limit probability distribution that the random walker is at node A. In its original application, the personalization vector w captured the personal interest of a web-surfer: interesting websites to a surfer appeared with a higher probability in the distribution given in vector w. In this metabolic network, w is personalized to proteins; w is larger for those proteins that appear in higher concentrations in the proteomics analysis of certain diseases. This personalized PageRank may identify other related proteins to the disease.
However, by using only the personalized PageRank to identify important nodes, hubs still get a high score on average. To find non-hub important nodes instead, we should consider scoring the nodes by their "relativized personalized PageRank"; i.e. their personalized PageRank scores over the number of edges pointing towards them (over their in-degree):
The relativized personalized PageRank (rPPR(v)) for a node v is given by:
where PpageRank(v) is the personalized PageRank score of node v, and d_(v) is its in-degree. It was shown, that by using this method, numerous already validated drug targets can be found (e.g. in the Mycobacterium tuberculosis), therefore, new, currently unknown targets might be detected as well.
References
Biochemistry
Google
Ronald Anthony Bailey (30 July 1923 – 28 September 1990), born Anthony Ronald Bailey, was an English cricketer who served in the Royal Navy. He played in three first-class cricket matches for Kent County Cricket Club in 1948.
Bailey was born at Camberwell in London in 1923. He served in the Royal Navy and made all three of his first-class appearances for Kent during July 1948. Kent were searching for a replacement for Norman Harding, an established fast bowler who had died in the 1947 polio epidemic after the end of the previous season and Bailey, a right-arm bowler, was tried in the team. He opened the bowling in each of his three matches, but took only two wickets. In his five first-class innings he failed to score a run. He made a single appearance for the county's Second XI in August 1948, taking six wickets, and played several times for the Royal Navy cricket team between 1948 and 1953.
Bailey died in 1990 at Sissinghurst near Tunbridge Wells in Kent. He was aged 67.
References
External links
1923 births
1990 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Camberwell
Cricketers from Greater London
Wabash Avenue may refer to:
Wabash Avenue (film)
Wabash Avenue (Baltimore)
Wabash Avenue Bridge, Chicago
Wabash Avenue YMCA, Chicago
Edison Toloza Colorado (; born 15 June 1984 in Iscuandé, Nariño) is a Colombian footballer who plays as winger for Correcaminos UAT.
One of the most skillful and fast forwards in the domestic league, his great speed is his best argument to face the rival defenses. Player of great mobility, power and speed in short passages, always succeeding to score goals from any position. Commonly nicknamed by the football fans as Tolotelli due to his resemblance in personality to Mario Balotelli.
Career
Jaguares de Córdoba
On 6 September 2019 it was confirmed, that Toloza had joined Jaguares de Córdoba. However, it was announced on 29 September 2019, that he had left the club again.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Deportes Quindío footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
América de Cali footballers
Millonarios F.C. players
Atlético Morelia players
Club Puebla players
Atlético Junior footballers
Jiangsu F.C. players
Independiente Medellín footballers
Deportivo Pasto footballers
Águilas Doradas Rionegro players
Correcaminos UAT footballers
Jaguares de Córdoba footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Liga MX players
Ascenso MX players
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in China
Chinese Super League players
Sportspeople from Nariño Department
Idsal is an island in Strand municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The island lies directly between the island of Idse and the mainland with the Idsefjorden and the Høgsfjorden on either side of the island. There are short bridge on the east and west sides of Idsal that connect it to the mainland and to Idse, respectively. Most of the island's 12 permanent residents live on the southwestern side of the island, however there are many holiday cottages located all over the island.
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
External links
Idsal Map from Norgeskart.no
Islands of Rogaland
Strand, Norway
Reid Spur () is a spur, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, in the Queen Maud Mountains, descending north along the east side of Ramsey Glacier from an unnamed prominence 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Mount Bellows. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for CWO James S. Reid, member of the U.S. Army Aviation Detachment which participated in exploring this area with the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition, 1964–65.
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Dinesh K. Bhargava is an Indian gastroenterologist, medical academic and writer and a senior consultant at Indraprastha Apollo Hospital, Delhi. He is one of the pioneers of gastrointestinal endoscopy in India for which the Medical Council of India awarded him Dr. B. C. Roy Award, the highest Indian award in the medical category, in 1989. He is also a recipient of the civilian honor of the Padma Shri.
Biography
A former professor at the India Institute of Medical Sciences Delhi, Bhargava has published over 150 medical papers in peer-reviewed international journals and has served as an investigator in many clinical studies of the Indian Council of Medical Research. He is a member of the scientific advisory committee of the Centre for Liver and Biliary Surgery (CLBS) and a fellow of the American Gastroenterology Association (AGAF) and American College of Gastroenterology (FACG). He is a member and a former president of the Indian Society of Gastroenterology. The honors he has received include Dr. B. C. Roy Award, Hari Om Ashram award (1985) and Amrut Mody Unichem Prize (1989) of the Indian Council of Medical Research, Dr. R. M. Kasliwal Award of the National Academy of Medical Sciences (1989), and Olympus Mitra Award (1984) and Searle Award (1989) of the Indian Society of Gastroenterology (1989). The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2008, for his contributions to medical science.
Selected bibliography
See also
Apollo Hospital, Indraprastha
References
External links
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Indian gastroenterologists
Indian medical academics
Indian medical writers
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi faculty
Dr. B. C. Roy Award winners
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Medical doctors from Rajasthan
Ataxia cayennensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940. It is known from French Guiana.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1940
McGinnity is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gerard McGinnity, author and parish priest
Joseph McGinnity (1871–1929), American baseball player
Mike McGinnity, former chairman of Coventry City Football Club
Peter McGinnity (1953–), former Gaelic footballer and manager
Nitro Rush is a Canadian action drama film, directed by Alain DesRochers and released in 2016. A sequel to his 2007 film Nitro, the film stars Guillaume Lemay-Thivierge reprising his role as Max, who is now in prison for murdering a police officer. One day a mysterious woman (Micheline Lanctôt) shows up to solicit his help in breaking up a criminal gang in which his son Théo (Antoine DesRochers) has gotten involved, leading him to break out of prison and join forces with gang leader Daphné (Madeleine Péloquin) to steal the formula for a new rave drug.
The film opened in theatres on August 31, 2016.
The film received four Prix Iris nominations at the 19th Quebec Cinema Awards in 2017, for Best Art Direction (Dominique Desrochers), Best Cinematography (Tobie Marier Robitaille), Best Makeup (Marlène Rouleau) and Best Sound (Stéphane Bergeron, Martin Desmarais and Marie-Claude Gagné).
References
External links
2016 films
Canadian action drama films
Canadian prison drama films
Films shot in Quebec
Films set in Quebec
Films directed by Alain DesRochers
2016 drama films
2010s prison drama films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
West End Hills Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 1680 19th Place SW in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built between 1959 and 1965 when the main sanctuary was dedicated. The church is significant for its congregation's participation in the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights rallies for Civil rights in the 1950s and the 1960s under the direction of its pastor, the Rev. Coleman M. Smith. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Colonial Revival architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1959
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Danutė Domikaitytė is a Lithuanian freestyle wrestler. She won one of the bronze medals in the 68 kg event at the 2020 European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
Career
In 2018, she competed in the women's 68 kg event at the Klippan Lady Open in Klippan, Sweden. In March 2021, she competed at the European Qualification Tournament in Budapest, Hungary hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. She did not qualify at this tournament and she also failed to qualify for the Olympics at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Sofia, Bulgaria. In October 2021, she competed in the 68 kg event at the World Wrestling Championships held in Oslo, Norway.
In 2022, she won one of the bronze medals in the women's 72 kg event at the Yasar Dogu Tournament held in Istanbul, Turkey. She competed in the 68 kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lithuanian female sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
Wrestlers at the 2019 European Games
European Games competitors for Lithuania
European Wrestling Championships medalists
21st-century Lithuanian women
The Women's 50 metre butterfly competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 23 and 24 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 23 June at 09:56.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 23 June at 19:11.
Final
The final was held on 24 June at 18:02.
References
Women's 50 metre butterfly
Acrolepia conchitis is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in India (Assam).
References
Moths described in 1913
Acrolepiidae
Rutland Nunatak () is a cone-shaped nunatak with associated rock outcrops, 2070 m, in the west part of Chapman Snowfield, Churchill Mountains. The nunatak is 10 nautical miles (18 km) east-northeast of Wilhoite Nunataks. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after cartographer Jane Rutland Brown, Antarctic map compilation specialist in the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Branch of Special Maps, 1951–71.
Nunataks of Oates Land
Crossover may refer to:
Entertainment
Albums and songs
Cross Over (Dan Peek album)
Crossover (Dirty Rotten Imbeciles album), 1987
Crossover (Intrigue album)
Crossover (Hitomi Shimatani album)
Crossover (Yoshinori Sunahara album), 1995
"Cross Over" (song), a 2013 single by the Japanese girl idol group 9nine
"Crossover" (song), by EPMD
Comics
Cross Over (manga), by Kouji Seo
Crossover (storyline), a 2005 Fantastic Four storyline
The Crossovers, a 2003 CrossGen comic book series
Crossover (Image Comics), a 2020 comic book series
Film and television
Crossover (1980 film), a 1980 film
Crossover (2006 film), a 2006 basketball drama by Preston A. Whitmore II
"Crossover" (Adventure Time), a 2016 episode of the animated series Adventure Time
"Crossover" (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine), a 1994 episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Other entertainment
Crossover (fiction), a storyline combining characters or settings from separate fictional properties
Intercompany crossover, a comic or series of comics where characters that at the time of publication are the property of one company meet those owned by another company
Crossover music, a performer or work that finds success in multiple genres
Crossover (theater), a passage for actors to move across a stage without being seen by the audience
Crossover thrash, a musical genre combining thrash metal and hardcore punk
Crossover (video games)
Crossovers (dance), moves from the dance Balboa
The Crossover, a 2014 book by Kwame Alexander
Science
Crossover (genetic algorithm), a genetic operator that varies a chromosome's programming between generations
Crossover experiment (chemistry), a method for studying the mechanism of chemical reactions
Crossover, a generic term for a smooth phase transition in physics
Crossover study, a type experimental design in a clinical trial
Crossover distortion, a type of electronic distortion
Chromosomal crossover, an exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes
Mitotic crossover, a type of genetic recombination
Sports
Crossover (figure skating), a technique for gaining impetus while skating along a curve
Crossover (football trick)
Crossover dribble, a basketball move
Colorado Crossover, a basketball team
Fayetteville Crossover, a semi-professional basketball team in Fayetteville, North Carolina
Technology
Audio crossover, a type of electronic filter circuitry used to divide an audio signal into two or more frequency ranges
CrossOver (software), Windows compatibility layer software
Crossover cable, crossover cables in general
Crossover switch, a switch connecting multiple inputs to multiple outputs
Ethernet crossover cable, a cable for directly connecting two pieces of equipment
Transportation
Crossover (automobile), a sport utility vehicle built on a car platform
Crossover (rail), a configuration of railway track
EuroSport Crossover, an electric glider and ultralight aircraft
Other
105.1 Crossover, a Philippines music radio station
Crossover effects, a concept in linguistics concerning interactions between words
Crossover, a piece of dog agility equipment
"Palaeornis" cliftii is a pterosaur species known from parts of a single humerus (upper arm bone) found in the early Cretaceous (Valanginian) of the upper Tunbridge Wells Sand Formation, England.
Discovery and naming
"Palaeornis" cliftii was one of the earliest pterosaur discoveries in England and has a long and complicated nomenclatural history. It was originally identified as a prehistoric bird by Gideon Mantell (1837, 1844), but was recognized as a pterosaur by Giebel (1847) and Owen (1846, 1859), who named it Pterodactylus ornis and P. silvestris respectively. Lydekker (1888) and Hooley (1914) tentatively referred it to Ornithocheirus, although the holotype NHM UK 2353/2353a does not overlap with the holotype of the Ornithocheirus type species. Wellnhofer (1978) referred Palaeornis clifti to Ornithocheiridae incertae sedis.
Witton et al. (2009) re-examined the type specimen and realized that "P." clifti is not an ornithocheirid, referring it to Lonchodectidae based on similarities to humeri assigned to Lonchodectes by Hooley (1914). Averianov (2012, 2014) referred the taxon to Azhdarchoidea indeterminate in his re-assessment of Ornithostoma.
The name Palaeornis had previously been used for a genus of parakeet (now considered a synonym of Psittacula) by Vigors in 1825. Mantell was apparently aware of this, and in some later publications used the name "Palaeornithis" (Mantell, 1848) as a replacement.
References
Early Cretaceous pterosaurs of Europe
Azhdarchoids
Taxa named by Gideon Mantell
The Corona-Norco Unified School District (CNUSD) is a school district in Riverside County, California, in the United States, serving the cities of Corona, Norco, Eastvale and Jurupa Valley, along with the CDPs of Home Gardens, Lake Mathews and Temescal Valley. It is the largest public school district in Riverside County and was named the California Exemplary School District of 2019. CNUSD has 50 schools in operation: 30 elementary schools, 3 K-8 academies, 8 intermediate schools, 1 Hybrid school, and 8 high schools. The school board is composed of five members, elected by geographical district and serve a four-year term with the elections being held in November of even-numbered years.
High schools
Santiago High School
Centennial High School
Corona High School
Eleanor Roosevelt High School
John F. Kennedy Middle College High School
Lee Pollard High School
Norco High School
Orange Grove High School
Hybrid School of Innovation/Online Learning
Intermediate schools
Auburndale Intermediate School
Citrus Hills Intermediate School
Corona Fundamental Intermediate School
El Cerrito Middle School
Norco Intermediate School
Raney Intermediate School
River Heights Intermediate School
Dr. Augustine Ramirez Intermediate School
Chavez K-8 Academy
Home Gardens K-8 Academy
Todd K-8 Academy
Elementary schools
Adams Elementary School
Susan B. Anthony Elementary School
Clara Barton Elementary School
Corona Ranch Elementary School
Coronita Elementary School
Eastvale Elementary School
Eisenhower Elementary School
Foothill Elementary School
Franklin Elementary School
Garretson Elementary School
Harada Elementary School
Highland Elementary School
Jefferson Elementary School
Lincoln Fundamental School
McKinley Elementary School
Norco Elementary School
Orange Elementary School
Parkridge School for the Arts
Parks Elementary School
Prado View Elementary School
Rondo School Of Discovery
Riverview Elementary School
Ronald Reagan Elementary School
Sierra Vista Elementary School
Stallings Elementary School
Temescal Valley Elementary School
VanderMolen Elementary School
Vicentia Elementary School
Victress Bower School School
Washington Elementary School
Wilson Elementary School
References
External links
School districts in Riverside County, California
Education in Corona, California
Norco, California
Jason Deneen Beghe (; born March 12, 1960) is an American actor. Since 2014, he has starred in the NBC TV series Chicago P.D. as sergeant Hank Voight. He is also known for starring in the 1988 George A. Romero film Monkey Shines, playing Demi Moore's love interest in G.I. Jane, appearing as a police officer in the film Thelma & Louise, starring opposite Moira Kelly in the television series To Have & to Hold, and having recurring roles on Picket Fences, Melrose Place, Chicago Hope, American Dreams, Cane, and Californication.
Beghe is a former Scientologist. He began taking Scientology courses in 1994 and later appeared in a Church of Scientology advertising campaign and in promotional videos. Beghe left the church in 2007 and has publicly criticized Scientology since then.
Early life
Beghe, who is of Italian, German, English, and French Canadian heritage, was born March 12, 1960 in New York City, the son of tax court judge Renato Beghe, and has three siblings. He attended the Collegiate School, a private preparatory school for boys located in New York City. While there, he became best friends with John F. Kennedy Jr. and actor David Duchovny; another classmate was dancer Christopher d'Amboise. Kennedy and Beghe often spent time together outside the Metropolitan Museum of Art and in Central Park, while being monitored by Kennedy's Secret Service detail. Beghe later persuaded Duchovny to pursue work in acting.
He went to college at Pomona College, graduating in 1982.
Acting career
Prior to his acting career, Beghe worked as a model in Europe. He had his feature film debut in the 1985 film Compromising Positions, starring Susan Sarandon, and in 1986 had his first recurring role on television on the HBO situation comedy series 1st & Ten. He starred alongside O. J. Simpson and Sam J. Jones in HBO's sequel to 1st & Ten titled Training Camp: The Bulls Are Back, and John Voorhees of The Seattle Times wrote: "The cast, which includes O.J. Simpson, Sam Jones and newcomer Jason Beghe, is first-rate."
In 1988, he starred in the film Monkey Shines: An Experiment In Fear, directed by George A. Romero. He portrayed Allan Mann, a law student made quadriplegic when hit by a truck in the opening credits of the film. The Philadelphia Inquirer gave a positive review of Beghe's performance in Monkey Shines: "Acting only with his face and voice, Jason Beghe is terrific at conveying the mounting anger and rage of an active man made passive". David Foil of The Advocate described Beghe's performance as "remarkable simply for meeting the demands of the character".
Beghe played an ice hockey star in the Perry Mason TV film The Case of the All-Star Assassin, an NBC-TV telefeature broadcast November 19, 1989. In 1991, he played a State Trooper in the film Thelma & Louise (reuniting him with Sarandon, with whom he'd appeared in Compromising Positions), and was Demi Moore's love interest in the 1997 film G.I. Jane. He had recurring roles on Picket Fences and Melrose Place, and became a cast member of Chicago Hope in 1997, portraying electrician Danny Blaines opposite romantic interest Dr. Austin played by Christine Lahti. In a 1997 interview in The Boston Herald, Beghe spoke about his respect for his fellow cast members in Chicago Hope: "I think it's the best cast assembled that I've ever seen. One for one, they're incredible. And to work with Christine Lahti? I'd drop a lot of things for that. She's so good and smart and dedicated. I've become a better actor just for working with her." He commented on his character on Melrose Place, a closeted military officer who had feelings for Matt, played by Doug Savant: "I thought we should kiss, but it was too much. TV is a very specific medium, and you're naive if you think that everything is just based on artistic decisions. If it prevents them from selling some products, that's a major consideration. But I'm an actor. I'll do whatever it takes." In 1993, Beghe played Lt. Pat Rudledge in the television drama series Matlock.
Beghe co-starred with Moira Kelly in the 1998 CBS television drama series To Have & to Hold, where he played police officer Sean McGrail. Mike Duffy of the Detroit Free Press wrote: "There is an affectionate romantic sizzle between the ruggedly handsome Beghe ("G.I. Jane") and the dark-haired, unconventionally attractive Kelly ("Little Odessa")." Kinney Littlefield of the Orange County Register said that "Beghe and Kelly have charm."
Beghe appeared in acting roles on Numb3rs, CSI: NY, Everwood, Criminal Minds, Veronica Mars, "Jag" and Cane. Beghe portrayed exorcist Ray Purvis in the 2008 horror film One Missed Call. In 2009, Beghe had a guest-starring role on the television show Californication. He played the character novelist Richard Bates, a friend of character Hank Moody (played by David Duchovny). "Bates, played by Jason Beghe, made for an interesting character and the fact that he didn't get as much screen time as some of the other characters is a shame," wrote Danny Gallagher of TV Squad. In October 2009, Beghe was in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for the filming of the movie The Next Three Days, directed by Paul Haggis. The film was released in 2010 and starred Elizabeth Banks, Russell Crowe, Brian Dennehy, and Olivia Wilde.
Since 2014, Beghe has starred on Chicago P.D.; the show is a spin-off of Chicago Fire, on which Beghe played a recurring role. Chicago P.D. follows the detectives of the Chicago Police Department's Intelligence Unit that combats the city's major offenses, including organized crime, drug trafficking, and high-profile murders. Beghe plays the role of Sgt. Hank Voight, a "tough cop" who heads the Intelligence Unit. On November 21, 2017, Deadline Hollywood reported that Beghe was investigated for behavior that was considered overly aggressive and possibly sexual harassment while filming Chicago P.D. in 2016. Claims of inappropriate behavior were reportedly made by his former co-star, Sophia Bush. Beghe released a statement in which he acknowledged having anger problems, stated that he was working on them, admitted to engaging in aggressive behavior on set, and apologized.
Religious beliefs
Involvement in Scientology
In 1994, while taking an acting class taught by Scientologist Milton Katselas, Beghe decided to take some Scientology courses. Fellow acting student Bodhi Elfman gave him a book about Scientology. In 1999, Beghe helped promote a "What is Scientology?" exhibition as part of a Church of Scientology television advertising campaign in Great Britain. He appeared in Scientology promotional videos in 2005. Beghe estimated that he gave the Church of Scientology US$1 million over a 12-year period.
In 2007, Beghe decided to leave Scientology. One of the first people he went to see after his departure was his friend David Duchovny. During the years of his involvement in Scientology, his relationship with Duchovny had suffered; Duchovny was referred to as a "Suppressive Person", a term used by Scientologists for those believed to be working against the Church of Scientology.
Criticism of Scientology
Beghe began to publicly criticize the Church of Scientology in April 2008. He participated in an interview about his experiences as a Scientologist; a clip of that interview was published online by Scientology critic Mark Bunker in mid-April 2008. In the video, Beghe asserted that Scientology was "very dangerous for your spiritual, psychological, mental, emotional health and evolution". The clip ended with Beghe stating, "I don't have an agenda. I'm just trying to help. [...] I have the luxury of having gotten into Scientology and after having been in it, been out. And that's a perspective that people who are still in and not out do not have." Marina Hyde of The Guardian has called Beghe a Scientology celebrity whistleblower.
On April 28, 2008, Beghe posted online a letter to Church leader David Miscavige. In the letter, he requested the confidential confessional files that Scientology compiles during Auditing sessions. Beghe told The Village Voice that these confidential files are kept on actor Tom Cruise and other celebrity Scientologists.
Beghe has asserted that Scientology's practice of disconnection was still in place as of 2008. In an interview with Tony Ortega of The Village Voice, Beghe stated that the expulsion of his four-year-old son from a Scientology school was an example of disconnection. Beghe has turned down opportunities to speak about his experiences with Scientology on television; he says, "I just wanted to make sure that the story isn't about me. It's not about me. It's about helping others who are still lost in the cult, or toying with the idea of getting involved."
On May 29, 2008, Beghe attended a protest against the Church of Scientology held outside the Scientology building on East 46th Street in New York City. In September 2008, Beghe traveled to Europe where he spoke with government officials in Hamburg, Germany, about his experiences as a Scientologist. Beghe suggested that governments put up warning signs about Scientology that are similar to warnings placed on packs of cigarettes; the next day, a member of Germany's Interior Department told him such a sign was placed outside a Church of Scientology building in Berlin.
Beghe was a guest in May 2009 on the BBC World Service radio program World: Have Your Say, where he discussed his views on what he thought of Scientology when he first joined: "I thought that it was something that was going to deliver miracles, and that it was the most selfless group of people that were totally dedicated to helping mankind, and I wanted to be part of it." He was also critical of Scientology leadership: "I think that there are probably things of Scientology that are valuable and that can help people – my main issue is not with Scientology per se, it is with Scientology the organization – it is a corrupt I believe and probably a criminal endeavor, and that has to do with people who are in charge of Scientology mainly David Miscavige..."
In September 2010, Beghe took part in a BBC News Panorama documentary, The Secrets of Scientology, in which he spoke about his decision to leave the organization. Beghe also appeared in the 2015 HBO documentary Going Clear, based upon the book of the same name by Lawrence Wright.
Personal life
Beghe's sister, Francesca Beghe, is a singer-songwriter who released a self-titled album in 1991 with SBK Records. His great-grandfather was Charles S. Deneen, a two-term governor of Illinois and one-term U.S. Senator in the late 1920s.
Beghe and David Duchovny are close friends; he was the best man at Duchovny's wedding to actress Téa Leoni in 1997.
Beghe is known for his signature "gravelly" voice owing to a car accident in 1999. He said, "I was intubated, and I kept pulling this tube out of my throat."
Beghe married Angie Janu in 2000. The couple have two children. He lives in Nichols Canyon, Los Angeles, California. In December 2017, Beghe filed for divorce, and finalized it in 2019.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American former Scientologists
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Collegiate School (New York) alumni
Critics of Scientology
Male actors from New York City
Pomona College alumni
Articles containing video clips
American people of Italian descent
Ricochet Gathering is a collaboration event for electronic music. The name applies both to the event and to the group of musicians involved in the event, where a group of musicians and a usually small group of fans gather at locations around the world. The event takes place approximately once each calendar year; the first gathering was held at the Okefenokee Swamp in April 2000. Each gathering event has a theme tied to the Berlin School of electronic music pioneers Tangerine Dream. The Ricochet Dream Web site has been replaced by "Site Under Construction" since 2016.
Electronic music and beyond.
The type of music that is created at this event varies from old-style retro Berlin School to new contemporary electronic music (EM). Musicians and fans usually have to make an effort to reach the exotic locations. Once there, the setting and atmosphere allow fans and musicians to live in a communal setting for a few days (usually a week) to make and listen to electronic music. All music created at each event is live, unrehearsed, improvised, and captured in one take.
Chronology of music events
Okefenokee 2000 (Okefenokee Swamp, Georgia, USA)
Okefenokee 2001 (Okefenokee Swamp, Georgia, USA)
Okefenokee 2002 (Okefenokee Swamp, Georgia, USA)
Mojave 2003 (Mojave Desert, Nipton, California, USA)
Poland 2004 (Jelenia Góra / Szałas Muflon / Wrocław, Poland)
Gomera 2005 (La Gomera Island, Canary Islands, Spain)
Rubycon 2006 (Tuscany / Rubicon, Italy)
Yellowstone 2007 (Bozeman, Montana / Yellowstone, Wyoming, USA)
Romania 2008 (Transylvania, Carpathian Mountains, Romania)
Croatia 2009 (Vinišće, Dalmatia, Croatia)
Berlin 2010 (Berlin, Germany - 40th Anniversary of Berlin School EM)
Siberia 2011 (Trans-Siberian Railway, Russia (Soundtrack with artist Wolfram Spyra)).
The music at and by the Ricochet Gathering is recorded and eventually published by the Ricochet Dream music label, which is dedicated to releasing music from this event and its associated musicians. Vic Rek has been the producer of these events, the music being released on his Ricochet Dream EM label. He also coined the term "Electronic Woodstock" when he was preparing for the Poland 2004 event, even though the published slogan was "Elektronika u Rolnika", which means "Electronics at the Farm" in Polish. Complete details about the Ricochet Gathering music and releases are cataloged in the Discogs music database.
See also
List of electronic music festivals
Live electronic music
References
http://bluenote.poznan.pl/event/daniel-bloom/
http://www.studio-nagran.pl/viewtopic.php?t=144
External links
- stated to be "under construction" since 2016
Ricochet Gathering Releases
Ricochet Dream Releases.
Music festivals established in 2000
Electronic music festivals in the United States
Battling Billson is a 1923 short stories character by P. G. Wodehouse. He is featured in the following short stories:
The Debut of Battling Billson
The Return of Battling Billson
The Exit of Battling Billson
The Come-back of Battling Billson
Billson is a semi-professional pugilist. He is very large, very strong, usually friendly and obliging, and very stupid. He is devoted to his fiancée Flossie. He has flaming red hair.
All four stories feature Stanley Featherstonehaugh Ukridge, the charismatic but unlucky man-about-town who always has a get-rich-quick scheme. In these stories, the schemes involve betting on, or rigging, Battling Billson's fights.
Billson is mentioned in Wodehouse's 1957 novel Something Fishy. He is now married to Flossie, whose brother Augustus Keggs is one of the main characters in the novel.
See also
Battling (disambiguation)
Billson (disambiguation)
Siri Landsem Lorentsen (born 14 June 1965) is a Norwegian sport shooter.
She was born in Trondheim. At the 1984 Summer Olympics she finished seventh in the 10 metre air rifle event and 17th in the 50 metre rifle three positions event. At the 1988 Summer Olympics she finished 36th in the 10 metre air rifle event and 37th in the 50 metre rifle three positions event.
She has her education from the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences. She resides in Hommelvik.
References
1965 births
Living people
Norwegian female sport shooters
Shooters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Norway
Norwegian School of Sport Sciences alumni
Sportspeople from Trondheim
Syrym (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Zhympity. Population:
History
It was formed as the Dzhambeytinsky district. In 1992, it was renamed Syrymsky district in honor of batyr Syrym Datov.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
The 1971 Havering Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Darsanam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. N. Menon and produced by P. C. George. The film stars Adoor Bhasi, Supriya, Sankaradi and Raghavan in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Adoor Bhasi
Supriya (Fatafat Jayalaxmi)
Sankaradi
Raghavan
Sasidharan Pillai
Balan K. Nair
C. A. Vasantha
E. P. Balakrishnan
Junior Geetha
Junior Raji
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Kuthiravattam Pappu
Muthu
Oduvil Unnikrishnan
P. K. Udayakumar
Pattambi Subhadra
Pattambi Thankam
Pecheri Xavier
Radhadevi
Ravi Shankar
Rexona
S. K. Palissery
Santha Devi
Saraswathi
Sathyapal
Roja Ramani
Sree Narayana Pillai
Surasu
Susheela
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Poonthanam and Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. N. Menon (director)
Nqubeko Sithembiso Zulu (born 25 July 1987) is a South African professional rugby union player, who plays for the Wanderers and the . His regular position is lock.
Career
Youth / Golden Lions
Zulu was born in Durban, Zulu grew up in Johannesburg. He went to Parktown Boys' High School and in 2005, he earned a call-up to the squad that won the unofficial final of the Under-18 Craven Week competition held in Bloemfontein.
Sharks
After graduating from high school, he returned to Durban to join the Sharks Academy, where he represented the side in the 2006 Under-19 Provincial Championship and the side in the 2007 Under-21 Provincial Championship.
Zulu was included in the ' Vodacom Cup team – then called the – for the 2008 Vodacom Cup competition and he made his first class debut in their match against the in Pietermaritzburg, coming on in the 56th minute in a 32–37 loss. He also featured in their quarter-final match against , which they lost 14–22 to be eliminated from the competition.
Zulu once again played in the 2009 Vodacom Cup, with the team now called . He made four appearances off the bench during a regular season that saw the side win all six of their matches. He didn't feature in the play-offs of the competition and, although he featured in a compulsory friendly match prior to the 2009 Currie Cup Premier Division against the in Witbank, wasn't named in any further Sharks squads.
UP Tuks
In 2011, he was a member of the squad that played in the 2011 Varsity Cup competition. He started all nine of their matches in the competition as they made it all the way to the final, only to lose 16–26 to in Pretoria. He played more rugby with them in the Carlton League for the remainder of 2011 and returned for the 2012 Varsity Cup, but due to injury he made only two appearances in their final two matches in the regular season.
Pumas
In 2012, he was included in the squad prior to the 2012 Currie Cup First Division competition. He made his Pumas – and Currie Cup – debut in their 51–18 victory over the in East London in Round Five of the competition. He made his first start for the (and his first start in any first class match) the following week against the in a match that ended in a 30–30 draw. After three more appearances off the bench, he again started their match against the in Nelspruit and scored his first senior try in a 70–27 win. One more start and three appearances as a replacement followed for the remainder of the regular season as the Pumas finished second on the log. Zulu came on as a substitute in their 37–30 semi-final victory against the , as well as in the final against the , which the Pumas narrowly lost 25–26 in Port Elizabeth.
Blue Bulls / Wanderers
Zulu was included in the squad for the 2013 Vodacom Cup and made four appearances as a replacement during the regular season of the competition, helping them to wins in each of those four matches, including a 110–0 victory over competition newcomers in Lephalale.
In 2014, he joined Wanderers, helping them to second position in the 2014 Golden Lions Pirates Grand Challenge to qualify to the 2015 SARU Community Cup. He started all four appearances of their matches in the pool stages, helping Wanderers to two wins, one draw and one defeat to qualify for the semi-finals.
Zulu was recalled to the squad for the 2015 Vodacom Cup competition and made a substitute appearance in their match against the . After another appearance of the bench in their 40–21 victory over the , he made his first start of the competition in their 83–13 victory over the , helping the Blue Bulls to finish in second position on the Northern Section log to qualify for the title play-offs. He started their 44–21 victory over the in the quarter final and in their semi-final match against , which the Blue Bulls lost 6–10 to be eliminated from the competition.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
1987 births
Rugby union players from Durban
Rugby union locks
Blue Bulls players
Sharks (Currie Cup) players
Pumas (Currie Cup) players
Alumni of Parktown Boys' High School
Gulane () is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.
References
Gulane, Somalia
Populated places in Middle Shabelle
Infinity Girl was an American shoegazing band from Boston, Massachusetts, later based in Brooklyn, New York.
History
Infinity Girl began in 2012, self-releasing its first full-length album titled Stop Being On My Side in May as well as an EP titled Just Like Lovers in December.
In 2015, Infinity Girl released its second full-length album titled Harm, its first on Topshelf Records.
Infinity Girl released "Somewhere Nice, Someday" on September 8, 2017 through Disposable America. It was the band's third and final record.
Band members
Nolan Eley (guitars, vocals)
Kyle Oppenheimer (guitars, vocals)
Mitchell Stewart (bass)
Sebastian Modak (drums)
Studio albums
Stop Being On My Side (2012, self-released)
Harm (2015, Topshelf)
Somewhere Nice, Someday (2017, Disposable America)
EPs
Just Like Lovers (2012, self-released)
References
Musical groups from Boston
Musical groups established in 2011
Shoegazing musical groups
2011 establishments in Massachusetts
Topshelf Records artists
Toa Payoh Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Toa Payoh, Singapore.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Balestier Khalsa FC.
The stadium holds 3,896 people. It was taken over by the then Singapore Sports Council on 30 November 1973, and opened to the public on 1 March 1974.
Facility
The stadium has a total seating capacity of 3,964 people. The stadium consists of a soccer field, an 8-lane running track and a fitness corner.
See also
List of stadiums in Singapore
References
Sports venues in Singapore
Football venues in Singapore
Toa Payoh
Multi-purpose stadiums in Singapore
Singapore Premier League venues
Balestier Khalsa FC
1974 establishments in Singapore
Lei is the pinyin romanization of the Chinese surname (Léi). It is the 69th name on the Hundred Family Surnames poem.
Additionally, the very common Chinese surname Li () is pronounced Lei in Standard Cantonese, and is sometimes romanized as "Lei", particularly among the Macanese.
Romanization
The surname is also romanized as Lui or Looi in Hokkien and Teochew; Lui, Looi, or Loi in Cantonese; Louie or Louis in Taishanese; Lūi in Gan.
Sino-Xenic pronunciations include Lôi in Vietnamese; Roe () or Noe () in Korean; and Rai in Japanese.
Distribution
雷 is the 79th-most-common surname in mainland China but not included among the 100 most common surnames on Taiwan.
In the United States, Lei is an uncommon surname, ranking 14,849th during the 1990 census and 6,583rd during the year 2000 census. In order, "Roe", "Louis", "Noe", "Louie", and "Lui" were all more common than the pinyin name; Loi and Rai were quite uncommon; and Leoi was held by fewer than 100 US residents and left unlisted by the Census Bureau.
In Canada, Lei and Lui were among the 200 most common peculiarly Chinese-Canadian surnames found in a 2010 study by Baiju Shah & al, which data-mined the Registered Persons Database of Canadian health card recipients in the province of Ontario. Rai was found, but among the most common surnames of the Indian-Canadian community.
Origin
雷 is the Chinese character for "thunder".
In Old Chinese, its pronunciation has been reconstructed as *C.rˤuj; and in Middle Chinese, as Lwoj.
Persons with the surname
Lei Chen (1897–1979), Taiwanese politician
Lei Feng (1940–1962), Chinese soldier
Lei Jiayin (born 1983), Chinese actor
Lei Jieqiong (1905–2011), Chinese sociologist, activist, and politician
Lei Jun (born 1969), Chinese billionaire entrepreneur, founder and CEO of Xiaomi
Lei Sheng (born 1984), Chinese foil fencer
Lei Tingjie (born 1997), Chinese chess player
Lei Yanjun a.k.a. "Clifford Louie" (1914–1999), Chinese-American pilot and military officer in the Republic of China
Lei Yixin (born 1954), Chinese sculptor
Lei Zhengfu (born 1958), Chinese politician
See also
The Hundred Family Surnames
List of common Chinese surnames
References
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
KB Trepça is a professional basketball club based in Kosovo. The club competes in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague, Balkan basketball International League and Kosovo Cup. KB Trepca is one of the most successful clubs in Kosovo, KB Trepca has won 4 National Championships and 5 Kosova Basketball Cups
Arena
The club currently plays in the sport center " Salla e sporteve Minatori", in the center of Mitrovica, with a capacity for around 3,000 spectators.
Roster
Depth chart
Honors and titles
Domestic
Kosovo Superleague
Winners (4): 1993, 2000, 2001, 2012
Runners-up (5): 1994, 2002, 2007, 2010, 2022
Kosovo Cup
Winners (5): 1993, 2000, 2004, 2012, 2022
Runners-up (2): 2005, 2010
Notable players
John Gardiner
Narcis Begovac
Senad Delić
Jasenko Elezović
Nedžad Spahić
Edin Nurkanović
Dinko Pelto
Tarik Varaga
Mladen Varaga
Marko Zorz
Charles Manga
Igor Miličić
Davor Halbauer
Davor Kurilić
Jure Lonzančić
Besim Braha
Drilon Hajrizi
Esat Ibrahimi
Artan Mehmeti
Eroll Pepiqi
Edmon Raqa
Vigan Raqa
Ilir Selmani
Bekim Syla
Besnik Tupella
Naim Haxha
Fikret Handžić
Ylber Jusufi
Muhamed Thaçi
Dime Tasovski
Alex Mpoyo
Amir Delalić
Melvis Haskić
Jan Orfila
Álvaro Calvo
Haashim Simmons
Ryan Burgart
Frank Butler
Darren Fenn
Dennis Mims
Julius Teal
Kevin Guyden
Jaleel Nelson
Ken Brown
Coaching history
2006/08 Naim Hajrizi
2008/09 Aleksandar Sarkanj
2010/11 Saša Katalinić
2011/12 Ilir Selmani
2012/13 Panče Milevski
2013/14 Israel Martín
2014/15 Izet Tahiri
2015/16 Neven Plantak
2017/19 Ilir Selmani
Active
References
External links
KB Trepça - Kosovo Basketball Federation
KB Trepça - Profile Eurobasket.com
KB Trepça - BIBL (Balkan International Basketball League)
KB Trepça Official Facebook
KB Trepça Official Fanpage Facebook
Basketball teams in Kosovo
Sport in Mitrovica, Kosovo
Basketball teams in Yugoslavia
1972 establishments in Yugoslavia
Basketball teams established in 1972
KF Bashkimi Krushë e Madhe () is a professional football club from Kosovo which competes in the Third League (Group A). The club is based in Krushë e Madhe, Rahovec. Their home ground is the Krushë e Madhe Sports Field which has a viewing capacity of 500.
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Association football clubs established in 1959
Thought blocking is a type of thought disorder in which a person will suddenly and involuntarily fall silent, or abruptly change to another subject.
When thought blocking, some people may express themselves in a manner that is not understandable to others. They may repeat words involuntarily or make up new words.
When doctors diagnose thought blocking they consider a variety of causes, such as schizophrenia, anxiety, petit mal seizures, dissociation, bradyphrenia, aphasia, dementia or delirium.
Schizophrenia
Thought blocking occurs most often in people with psychiatric illnesses, most commonly schizophrenia. A person's speech is suddenly interrupted by silences that may last a few seconds to a minute or longer. When the person begins speaking again, after the block, they will often speak about an unrelated subject. Blocking is also described as an experience of unanticipated, quick and total emptying of the mind. People with schizophrenia commonly experience thought blocking and may interpret the experience in peculiar ways. For example, a person with schizophrenia might remark that another person has removed their thoughts from their brain.
When evaluating a patient for schizophrenia, a physician may look for thought blocking. In schizophrenia, patients experience two types of symptoms: positive and negative. Positive symptoms include behavior added on to a person's daily functioning. For instance, delusions, hallucinations, disorganized speech, disorganized behavior and thought are all positive symptoms. In contrast, negative symptoms are characterized by missing parts of the average individual's persona, including flat affect, apathy, speaking very little, not finding enjoyment in any activity, and not attending to basic acts of daily living (ADLs), such as bathing, eating, and wearing clean clothes.
Anxiety
Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is defined as excessive worry about matters in two or more separate subjects for at least six months. When a person experiences an anxiety attack, they may become so hyperfocused on the distressing stimuli and/or overwhelmed with the situation that regular speech is difficult for that person to produce. The thought blocking that occurs in this instance is usually short lived because anxiety attacks are transient. After an episode occurs, a person is typically able to resume their normal way of speaking.
Seizures
Thought blocking is associated with petit mal seizure. As such, it can be hard for people to organize their speech, resulting in thought blocking.
Dissociation and Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a psychiatric disorder that can occur after a person experiences a traumatic event and is significantly handicapped because of it, and can develop inappropriate coping strategies. These maladaptive approaches can include, but are not limited to, dissociative symptoms: depersonalization and derealization. When these dissociative symptoms surface, they can be extremely intrusive and result in a person not being able to focus on their diction, or manner of speaking, and result in thought blocking. People with PTSD may find that blocking of thought occurs more often if they have not addressed the source of their PTSD.
Cognitive & Motor Disorder
In older adults, blocking of thought can be a feature of several cognitive and motor disorders, including underlying dementia and delirium. It is common that as a person ages, they may become forgetful and/or lose their train of thought. When it becomes more persistent and affects one's ability to carry out their ADLs (activities of daily living), a major neurocognitive disorder like dementia is among the possible causes. In addition, thought blocking can occur in patients with parkinsonism, a disorder that features slowing of movement, muscle rigidity, and impairment. The distinguishing feature between parkinsonism and Parkinson's disease is that the causes of parkinsonism are numerous, including drugs, toxins, metabolic disorders, and head trauma. Furthermore, a stroke can result in a disordered speech process such as thought blocking. When a stroke affects the middle cerebral artery (MCA), it can result in damage to the Wernicke's area or Broca's area. As such, people afflicted can understand speech well but have problems saying the words they want to, or be able to speak but have nonsensical syntax and word choice. These symptoms are referred to as aphasias, and aphasias can present with thought blocking.
References
Thought disorders
John Thomas Aloysius Flannagan (1860–1926) was 19th and 20th century Catholic priest who served as the second president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1891 to 1906.
Biography
Flannagan was born in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Davenport by Bishop Henry Cosgrove in Iowa City in 1885. After ordination he was assigned to the cathedral and then became the second priest on the St. Ambrose faculty during the Rev. A.J. Schulte's duration as president. He eventually became vice president and master of discipline.
Flannagan became president of the college in 1891. While he was president of St. Ambrose his own sister, Sr. Mary Editha Flannagan, BVM, ran Immaculate Conception Academy for girls, also in Davenport. The two worked together on many events between the two schools. Flannagan promoted the boy's choir and Latin on campus. Monastic-style rules were to be observed by the students. Silence was to be maintained, except at recreation, and religion, politics and nationality were forbidden topics of conversation, Additions were made to Ambrose Hall in 1893 (east wing) and 1901 (west wing). A baseball field was constructed on campus, and football was played even though it was not considered gentlemanly. Room and board for a five-month term was $95 plus $5 for physicians care for the school year. By the end of his presidency, the school's name was officially changed from St. Ambrose Seminary to St. Ambrose College. Enrollment in the school rose slowly, but steadily, to 126 students.
Flannagan went to Sacred Heart Cathedral parish as rector after his term as president in 1906. The following year he was named vicar general of the diocese. He died in Davenport on January 26, 1926.
References
1860 births
1926 deaths
Presidents of St. Ambrose University
St. Ambrose University faculty
Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport
American Roman Catholic priests
People from Haverhill, Massachusetts
People from Davenport, Iowa
Religious leaders from Iowa
Catholics from Massachusetts
Catholics from Iowa
The Dudley Do-Right Emporium was a small, eccentric gift shop named after that fearless Canadian Mountie Dudley Do-Right, located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California.
History
The emporium was founded and run by Jay Ward, creator of The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show (1959–73). The gift shop was located at 8200 Sunset Boulevard, a few yards from the former Jay Ward Productions (8218 Sunset Blvd.), the tiny studio building where the cartoons were produced, and across the street from the Chateau Marmont. The Dudley Do-Right Emporium opened in 1971 and closed its doors in April 2005.
The shop was filled with toys, stuffed animals, trinkets, hats, t-shirts, wristwatches, original animation cels, cartoon scripts, recordings of TV themes, and assorted souvenirs, all bearing the likenesses of Dudley Do-Right, Rocky & Bullwinkle, Peabody and Sherman, Hoppity Hooper, George of the Jungle, Tom Slick, Super Chicken, Boris & Natasha, Snidely Whiplash and the other famous, wacky creations of Jay Ward Studios.
In front of Jay Ward Productions was a statue of Bullwinkle J. Moose holding Rocky the Flying Squirrel. The statue was unveiled to the public at a kick-off party to commemorate "The Bullwinkle Show" joining NBC on September 20, 1961. Following Jay Ward's departure, the statue gradually fell into a state of disrepair and, in July 2013, was taken to DreamWorks Animation to be restored. When the restoration was completed, it was briefly displayed at the Paley Center in Beverly Hills. In January 2015, it was put on display at the West Hollywood City Hall. In August 2019 the West Hollywood city council decided to permanently place the statue on a traffic island at Sunset and Holloway.
The rotating statue of Bullwinkle holding Rocky was made to mimic the rotating statue of a Las Vegas showgirl on top of a giant billboard for the Sahara Hotel across Sunset Boulevard at the eastern end of the Sunset Strip. A picture of this showgirl statue can also be found as the cover of Gore Vidal's Myra Breckinridge.
References
The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle and Friends
Landmarks in Los Angeles
West Hollywood, California
SB Line has the following meanings:
SB Line (Norfolk Southern), a rail line in the United States
Nike Skateboarding, a shoe line
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1995.
Overview
It was contested by 28 teams, and Umeå FC and IK Oddevold won the championship.
League standings
Norra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1995
2
Sweden
Sweden
Edward John Rudge, (1792–1861) was a British barrister and antiquary. He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1847.
The son of Edward Rudge, botanist and antiquary, and Anne Rudge, botanical illustrator, he attended Caius College, Cambridge, and was barrister-at-law, fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and author of Some Account of the History and Antiquities of Evesham (1820) on the town of Evesham, and the Illustrated and Historical Account of Buckden Palace (1839).
References
External links
Short biography at University of Toronto libraries
Attribution
1792 births
1861 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
English barristers
English antiquarians
19th-century English lawyers
Kındıra is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 798 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Ian Sinclair (born 1960 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played eleven seasons in the Canadian Football League for the BC Lions. He played college football at the University of Miami where he was part of the 1983 Miami Hurricanes football team national champions. He also was a part of the Lions Grey Cup victories in 1985 and 1994.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Canadian football offensive linemen
BC Lions players
Miami Hurricanes football players
People from Coquitlam
Sportspeople from Toronto
Home Chat is a play by Noël Coward, written in 1927 and presented in London in the same year. It depicts the domestic affairs of a married couple and their family and friends, and revolves around an unjustified suspicion that the principal female character has committed adultery.
The play was not among Coward's successes, closing after 38 performances. It was not professionally revived in London until 2016.
Background
By 1927, Coward was well established as a playwright, having written more than a dozen plays. Two of them – The Vortex (1924) and Hay Fever (1925) – had been big box-office successes; his next two plays produced in London – Easy Virtue (1926) and The Marquise (1927) had been modestly successful but did not match the earlier two. Coward wrote a new play with Madge Titheradge in mind for the central role of Janet Ebony. He later admitted that he was not entirely happy with it, despite "some excellent lines and a resonably funny situation", but Titheradge liked it, as did the producer Basil Dean.
Coward later recalled, "The opening performance was rendered agonising by one of the more elderly actresses in the company forgetting her lines continually, with the result that the pauses she made while trying to remember them, coupled with the intentional pauses that Basil Dean had carefully rehearsed, frequently brought the play to a standstill."
Home Chat opened at the Duke of York's Theatre on 25 October 1927, directed by Dean. It was poorly received by reviewers and public, and ran for 38 performances, closing on 26 November.
Roles and original cast
Pallett (parlourmaid) – Pauline Newton
Mavis Wittersham – Marda Vanne
Paul Ebony – George Relph
Mrs Chilham – Nina Boucicault
Mrs Ebony – Henrietta Watson
Lavinia Hardy – Helen Spencer
Janet Ebony – Madge Titheradge
Peter Chelsworth – Arthur Margetson
Turner (his manservant) – Tom Woods
Alec Stone – George Curzon
Source: The Times.
Plot
Janet Ebony has been holidaying in the South of France. Returning, alone, she has offered the spare sleeping berth in her compartment on the train to an old friend, Peter Chelsworth, who had chivalrously given up his seat to an old lady. Although their friendship is wholly platonic they are subject to much suspicion after the train crashes and their occupation of the same compartment comes to public notice. Janet's mother and Peter's fiancée do not believe that the sleeping arrangements were innocent. To shock and silence her mother, Janet says that she and Peter are lovers. Her husband, Paul, believes this but forgives her. She is outraged at his acceptance of her supposed adultery and walks out on him.
The following morning Janet is at Peter's flat. He, meanwhile, has spent the night in a hotel. He returns, and the two discuss the strange state of affairs. They retreat to another room when Janet's mother and mother-in-law arrive together: they are aghast to overhear what sounds like a passionate love scene enacted by Janet and Peter to discomfit them. They depart, believing the young couple guilty. Peter and Janet expect her husband to be the next caller and she sits on Peter's knee to continue the pretence that they are having an affair. But the next caller is Alec Stone, a friend of Peter's. He has come to take Peter to lunch. He extends the invitation to Janet.
Within days, Janet has left for Paris. Friends and family assume she is with Peter, but in fact, although he is in Paris, he is accompanied by a female companion, Valerie Marshall, whom he marries before coming back to London. Janet returns from Paris and reveals that she has fallen in love with Alec Stone, and it was he with whom she was in Paris. She and Paul agree to an amicable divorce, which suits him as well as her, as he has fallen for one of their mutual friends, Mavis Wittersham, who has been out to ensnare him throughout.
Source: Mander and Mitchenson.
Critical reception
The reviews in the press ranged from unenthusiastic to hostile. In The Saturday Review, Ivor Brown called Home Chat "only the shadow of a play" and the character "witless fragments of negativity". The Times thought that play contained some amusing and attractive pieces of dramatic manners, but blamed Coward for an unconvincing whole. The Manchester Guardian commented, "It was not easy to sustain even the slightest interest in the ultimate couplings of such human rolling-stock as this" and said that the play "lacked any proximity to an abstract comic idea or to some lustrous elegance of speech and manner". The Illustrated London News called the play "an amusing little trifle on the whole – but it is thin in its material and there are signs about it of hasty and careless composition". In The Observer, St John Ervine took a similar view: "Had Mr Coward spent another week in writing his play it would have been a much wittier one than it is. It might also have been less open to the reproach that it fails to deal with credible persons".
Coward gave his own verdict three decades later:
Revivals
Home Chat was in the repertory of The Noël Coward Company, a touring ensemble set up in 1932 to present his plays around Britain. It was performed in a double-bill with Coward's Weatherwise. The first professional London revival was in 2016 at the Finborough Theatre. The reviewer in The Daily Telegraph wrote, "By no means a classic, this is still a powerful production of a forgotten feminist piece with … a woman taking control of her sexual and intellectual destiny. Written a year before women got the vote, it shows Coward as the firebrand of his day". The Times commented, "The tone slides awkwardly from bright, brittle comedy to over-earnest Ibsenite naturalism, and there never seems to be quite enough at stake, the relationships too thinly drawn for us to care which of them survives".
References and sources
References
Sources
1927 plays
Plays by Noël Coward
St Andrews Presbyterian Church is a heritage-listed former church building at Ipswich Street, Esk, Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1876 to 1929. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 11 June 2003.
History
The former St Andrews Presbyterian Church is a simple timber building located on the south bank of Sandy Creek and was built in 1876 on the first site of the new settlement at Esk. The church site also contains a timber church hall and a manse.
The town of Esk stands on the former Mount Esk pastoral run which was taken up in 1842 by Gideon Scot and purchased by the Bigges of Mount Brisbane run in 1849. European settlement began with a teamsters' camp at the crossing of Sandy (or Esk) Creek and the coach road north. This road became the main North Road from Ipswich to the Burnett. A township site was surveyed in 1872 on land excised from Mount Esk run and the first building known to have been constructed there was a hotel.
In 1873, stimulated by a copper mining boom at nearby Biarra, plans for a township were lodged and a postal receiving office opened. The township was officially named "Gallanani", though more commonly called Sandy Creek or Mount Esk, and quickly developed to include a range of government and commercial buildings and houses. David and Mary McConnel of Cressbrook, two of the first European settlers in the Brisbane Valley, donated 20 acres of land for the construction of a Presbyterian Church to mark their silver wedding anniversary. They purchased, cleared and fenced the land. Mary McConnel, in particular, was a staunch Presbyterian and she and her family encouraged the establishment and support of other churches in the Valley. Alexander Raff, Bigge's financial manager, and other local graziers donated money towards the building of St Andrews. The gift of land and capital for the establishment of a church by local pastoralists reflects the relationship between early pastoral stations and the local settlements that served and traded with them reflecting a landowner and village pattern inherited from Europe.
The land for the new church was in a choice position, being at the corner of Ipswich and Middle Streets in the commercial centre of the new township and close to the Sandy Creek crossing. A church was built to hold a congregation of 120 and a timber manse was also constructed. The church was built in 1875 and on 12 February 1876 the Reverend David Watt, who had travelled from Scotland to serve as minister, conducted the first recorded service at St Andrew's. As it was the first church to be built in the area it served at first as a Union Church accommodating all denominations. The area developed quickly and within five years had five separate preaching areas and was long.
In 1884, two sawmills were opened and in 1886 the Brisbane Valley railway reached Esk, though it was located away from the established settlement. In time the commercial centre of town shifted to be closer to the railway station and yards. Most buildings moved to the northern bank of Sandy Creek or were built there, including the Roman Catholic (1884/1905) and Anglican (1889) churches. The Methodist church built on the south side was moved to Toogoolawah in 1906 and the current church is on the northern side of the creek. Now only the church, school and some houses survive marking the first settlement on the southern bank of Sandy Creek. Later churches were built on the opposite bank, nearer to the later settlement.
Although the 1890s were a hard time for Esk due to flooding and the general financial recession of that decade, the 1900s were a period of growth. Dairying in the area expanded and a butter factory was built. In 1900 the church and manse were renovated and by 1908 the Sunday school had an enrolment of 91 pupils and a Women's Guild was formed. Around this time the population of Esk passed 600. In 1913, the town was officially renamed Esk.
The date of construction of the timber church hall is unknown, but by 1929 there was a hall in existence on the site that was used as a Sunday school and for a variety of social activities. It is locally believed that the building was formerly the billiard room of the Commercial Hotel in Esk. It has been extended at the eastern end. The manse was sold for removal in 1947 and a replacement building was constructed in 1948. In 1951 the land to Main Street was sold.
The church was considerably extended at the eastern end, almost doubling its capacity and suggesting a marked increase in the congregation. The extension can clearly be traced in joints to the walls and in the floorboards.
The former church is now privately owned and the altar has been removed.
On 17 March 2020 the owners of the property applied to remove the church from the Queensland Heritage Register.
Description
The former St Andrews church is a rectangular timber building set on low stumps and stands on a prominent site on the main Brisbane Valley Highway facing Middle Street. The hall is on the northern part of the site also facing Middle Street. There is a garage and an outhouse behind the hall. The manse stands to the west side of the complex facing the Brisbane Valley Highway (formerly known as Ipswich Road). The site is grassed and fenced with a plain timber and wire fence and there is a gate connecting the manse garden to the church site.
The church is a landmark driving southwards out of Esk because of its location immediately opposite the crossing and its plain but distinctive form. Driving into town from the South it is the first church in a fine precinct of historical timber churches, associated buildings and mature trees on both sides of the Creek crossing.
The church has a central porch with a scalloped bargeboard and lancet windows reached by timber steps to each side. The body of the church is lit by lancet windows and there are lancet windows flanking the porch and a louvred lancet high under the roof. This is gabled and clad in corrugated iron sheeting with a belfry on the roof ridge. The church has wide diagonal beaded boards on eaves, soffit and doors.
Scissor trusses support the roof and the ceiling is lined with diagonal beaded boarding. The walls are lined with horizontal beaded boards and clearly shows the evidence of extension. The sanctuary is one step up from the body of the church and there is a vestry behind the altar area. The altar has been removed, but the building currently retains the rail and lectern and simple painted pews. There is an honour board.
The church hall is a smaller building, also of weatherboard, with a gabled roof clad in corrugated iron. It has a porch and narrow rectangular windows shaded with hoods. The rear has been extended with part of a building, possibly recycled from elsewhere and incorporating a verandah and a large fixed window. This rear section, which does not contain windows along the side, may be the recycled billiard hall of local memory. The interior of the main room of the hall is lined with fibrous cement sheeting and cover strips. The floor is of narrow tongue and groove boards.
There is a weatherboard garage with a gabled roof behind the hall.
The manse is located at the corner of the black facing Ipswich Street. It is a weatherboard building on low stumps with a hipped corrugated iron roof. The windows are casements with horizontal glazing bars and there is a small porch.
Heritage listing
The former St Andrews Presbyterian Church was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 11 June 2003 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The former St Andrews Church is associated with the early development of the Brisbane Valley and of Esk in particular. It was constructed in 1875 on land donated by the McConnel family, important early pastoralists in the district, and was built with financial assistance from the McConnels and other local landholders. Its location indicates the position of the first township at a dray route and near a river crossing before the arrival of the railway in 1886 caused a relocation of the town centre. Being the first church in Esk, its initial use as a Union church demonstrates cooperation between different denominations common in the early stages of establishing townships. The extension carried out to accommodate an expanding congregation also reflects the development of Esk.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
The former St Andrews church is a good example of the type of simple timber church that served many new settlements as their first church, and was adapted for continuing use.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
The position of the church on a prominent site at the entry to the town makes it an important landmark and in its form, scale and detail the church makes a makes an important contribution to the built character of Esk
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The former St Andrews church has a long association with the people of Esk and the surrounding district, being a place of worship and social focus for over 125 years.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
It is also important for its connection with the McConnels of Cressbrook, notable as benefactors of the Church.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Esk, Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Presbyterian churches in Queensland
Buildings and structures in Somerset Region
William Harold Robertson (25 March 1923 – 15 March 2003) was an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Chelsea, Birmingham City and Stoke City. He played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Robertson was born in Crowthorne, Berkshire. In youth football he played as a centre forward, only switching to goalkeeping while in the Royal Air Force stationed at Lossiemouth during the Second World War. He signed for Chelsea in October 1945, and played 43 times in all competitions for the first team before moving to Birmingham City in December 1948. This move failed to improve matters, as Robertson found himself behind Gil Merrick in the pecking order and played just three times in a three-and-a-half years.
He became new Stoke City manager Frank Taylor's first signing in the summer of 1952 as he saw him as a replacement for the ageing Dennis Herod. He had an awful first season with the club breaking his leg against Manchester City on 20 December 1952 after 19 matches during which time he had conceded 38 goals and the 1952–53 season ended with relegation to the Second Division. He recovered from his injury and became first choice 'keeper under Taylor as Stoke failed to gain a return to the top-flight, narrowly missed out in 1954–55, 1956–57 and 1958–59 finishing 5th three times. Stoke had an awful 1959–60 campaign which saw Taylor sacked by the board and new manager Tony Waddington signed Everton's Jimmy O'Neill and Robertson decided to retire.
After retirement from football he kept a newsagents' in Bucknell, Shropshire, before returning to the south of England in 1963. He moved to Hanworth, Middlesex, where he again kept a newsagents' shop until his retirement.
Career statistics
Source:
References
External links
1923 births
2003 deaths
People from Crowthorne
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Chelsea F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
English Football League players
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force airmen
Military personnel from Berkshire
William Caspar Graustein (15 November 1888 – 22 January 1941) was an American mathematician. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University in 1910 and later became an instructor at Harvard University. In 1921, he married Mary Curtis Graustein (1884—1972), who was the first American woman to earn a mathematics Ph.D. (1917) from Radcliffe College.
He died in an automobile accident, at the age of 52. At the time, Graustein was professor of mathematics and assistant dean at Harvard.
Bibliography
Some of his books and papers are:
The scientific work of Joseph Lipka
Applicability with preservation of both curvatures
Extensions of the four-vertex theorem
Introduction to higher geometry
''Differential Geometry" MacMillan Company 1935. Republished Dover 1966 2006.
References
External links
1888 births
1941 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
Brian Raftopoulos is a Mellon Senior Research Mentor at the Centre for Humanities Research at the University of the Western Cape and a former Associate Professor of Development Studies at the University of Zimbabwe. He first emigrated to South Africa in 2006 to serve as Director of Research and Advocacy in the human rights NGO Solidarity Peace Trust.
Notes
Living people
Historians of Africa
Zimbabwean expatriates in South Africa
Alumni of St. George's College, Harare
University of Zimbabwe faculty
University of the Western Cape faculty
Zimbabwean historians
20th-century historians
21st-century South African historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
This article shows the previous rosters of MKS Będzin volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland.
2019/2020
The following is the MKS Będzin roster in the 2019–20 PlusLiga.
1 Due to TJ Sanders back injury the club terminated the contract by mutual agreement on 25 November 2019.
2 Purya Fayazi left Będzin without informing the club on 9 December 2019.
3 Grzegorz Pająk joined the club on 26 November 2019.
2018/2019
The following is the MKS Będzin roster in the 2018–19 PlusLiga.
1 Lincoln Williams left the club in February 2019.
2017/2018
The following is the MKS Będzin roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga.
2016/2017
The following is the MKS Będzin roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga.
2015/2016
The following is the MKS Będzin roster in the 2015–16 PlusLiga.
2014/2015
The following is the MKS Banimex Będzin roster in the 2014–15 PlusLiga.
References
PlusLiga squads
The buff-necked woodpecker (Meiglyptes tukki) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
buff-necked woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
buff-necked woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Uchenna Ikonne is a Nigerian professor of optometry. In December 2015 he became the 7th Substantive Vice-Chancellor of the Abia State University. having previously served as the Rector, Abia State Polytechnic, Aba – (on Rescue Mission) 2014–2015.
Uche Ikonne is the gubernatorial candidate of People's Democratic Party in Abia State.
Early life and education
Ikonne was born in Agburuike, Nsulu in Isiala Ngwa North, Abia State. After attending Ngwa High School in Aba of Abia State, he studied optometry at Manila Central University, Philippines. He also graduated from a specialist master's degree programme in Hospital Administration at St. Jude College, also in the Philippines, and on his return to Nigeria in 1985, served as consulting optometrist at the Park Lane General Hospital, Enugu, and obtained a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Environmental Health Science from Abia State University.
Career
From 2010 to 2014, Ikonne served as the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academic), Abia State University after then served as Rector, Abia State Polytechnic, Aba – (on Rescue Mission). He became the 7th Substantive Vice-Chancellor, Abia State University in December 2015.
He also attained the following positions:
Head, Department of Optometry – Abia State University
Director, Institute for Distance Education, Abia State University
Acting Dean, Faculty of Health Sciences, Abia State University
Deputy Provost, College of Medicine & Health Sciences, Abia State University
Positions held
Member, Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Registration Board of Nigeria from 1993 to date
Chairman of the Education Committee, 1993 to date
Chairman, Disciplinary Committee, 2007 to date
Vice-Chairman, Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Registration Board of Nigeria, 2009 to date
Registrar, Nigerian Postgraduate College of Optometrists
Professor Ikonne won the African Optometric Educator Award of the year 2003 and the Distinguished merit Award of the Nigerian Optometric Association, 2006
References
Living people
Nigerian optometrists
Nigerian male writers
Abia State University faculty
Igbo academics
Vice-Chancellors of Abia State University Uturu
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Gold Star Mothers National Monument was a proposed national memorial to honor mothers whose children died in defense of the United States. The name of the memorial refers to the Gold Star Mothers Club, formed in the aftermath of World War I. A mother whose child had died in honorable military service while serving during the time of war was permitted to hang in her window a service flag with a gold star emblazoned on it.
The United States Congress authorized the Gold Star Mothers National Monument Foundation on January 2, 2013, in Section 2859 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (). The foundation was authorized to raise private funds to construct a memorial on federal land in Washington, D.C. Once established, the memorial would be turned over to the federal government. Congress permitted the memorial to be constructed within Area 1, the central core of the District of Columbia centered on the National Mall, or Area II (adjacent to the National Mall and nearby federal lands).
Under the rules established by the Commemorative Works Clarification and Revision Act of 2003 (CWCRA), the memorial foundation had seven years (until January 2, 2020) to raise the necessary funds to build the memorial, and to obtain siting, design, and other approvals from the National Capital Memorial Advisory Commission (NCMAC), United States Commission of Fine Arts, and National Capital Planning Commission.
Although a bill () was introduced to extend authorization to 2024, it did not advance and permission to build the memorial lapsed.
In December 2013, the foundation laid out its goals for a national monument. They included:
Expressing the gratitude of the nation to Gold Star mothers and families;
Recognizing the loss incurred by Gold Star mothers and families;
Giving Gold Star mothers and families a place to reflect, contemplate, and meditate on their loss;
Giving Gold Star mothers and families a place to gather;
Commemorating the national service that the Gold Star Mothers Club has provided to the nation; and
Providing a place for the public to acknowledge the sacrifices of Gold Star mothers and families, and to commemorative this sacrifice.
The foundation began analyzing sites suggested by the NCMAC in 2013. It rejected Freedom Plaza, the belvedere western terminus of Constitution Avenue on the shores of the Potomac River, and sites on Memorial Drive close to the Arlington National Cemetery Administration Building. On December 12, 2013, it asked the NCMAC to approve a site on Memorial Drive between the south main gate of Arlington National Cemetery and the Armored Forces Memorial.
References
External links
: Public Law 112-239, establishing the memorial
Gold Star Mothers National Monument Foundation
Proposed monuments and memorials in the United States
is a Japanese footballer who plays in Tohoku Soccer League for Cobaltore Onagawa.
Club statistics
Updated to 20 February 2020.
References
External links
Profile at ReinMeer Aomori
j-league
1985 births
Living people
Tohoku Gakuin University alumni
Association football people from Miyagi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Japan Football League players
JEF United Chiba players
Gainare Tottori players
ReinMeer Aomori players
Association football midfielders
Brixton House is an Off-West End theatre in Brixton in the London Borough of Lambeth, located at 385 Coldharbour Lane, London, SW9 8GL. It is the successor to Ovalhouse at Kennington, and opened in 2022.
Ovalhouse
The roots of Brixton House can be traced back to the 1930s and its foundations, as Christ Church (Oxford) Clubs, by the graduates of Christ Church, Oxford. Young people from disadvantaged areas in South London were able to access sports activities, skills training and supervised leisure activities through membership of the club. In the 1960s the club moved into theatre and it became known as the Oval House Theatre (later Ovalhouse), gaining a reputation as one of the most important centres for pioneer fringe theatre groups.
Ovalhouse closed in 2020, and moved to Brixton, initially named as Ovalhouse in Brixton but then Brixton House in time for opening in 2022. The move to Brixton was long in development: it was first announced in 2013, with an initial opening date of 2016.
Brixton House
The inaugural artistic director of Brixton House is Gbolahan Obisesan. The theatre aims to be a cultural hub for social entertainment and artistic inspiration. There are two performance spaces, seating 180 and 120 audience members. The building was designed by Edmund Wilson of Foster Wilson Architects. It is adjacent to, and retains views of, Nuclear Dawn, one of the Brixton murals.
Planned Productions
Planned productions include:
Mugabe, My Dad and Me, by Tonderai Munyevu
Station, by Hussina Raja
References
Theatres in the London Borough of Lambeth
2022 establishments in England
Producing house theatres in London
Theatres completed in 2022
The 2020 Indonesia Masters (officially known as the Daihatsu Indonesia Masters 2020 for sponsorship reasons) was a badminton tournament that took place at the Istora Gelora Bung Karno in Indonesia from 14 to 19 January 2020 and had a total purse of $400,000.
Tournament
The 2020 Indonesia Masters was the second tournament of the 2020 BWF World Tour and also part of the Indonesia Masters championships, which had been held since 2010. This tournament was organized by the Badminton Association of Indonesia with sanction from the BWF.
Venue
This international tournament was held at the Istora Gelora Bung Karno in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Point distribution
Below is the point distribution for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF World Tour Super 500 event.
Prize money
The total prize money for this tournament was US$400,000. Distribution of prize money was in accordance with BWF regulations.
Men's singles
Seeds
Kento Momota (Withdrew)
Chou Tien-chen (First Round)
Chen Long (Withdrew)
Anders Antonsen (Final)
Viktor Axelsen (Semi-finals)
Jonatan Christie (Quarter-finals)
Anthony Sinisuka Ginting (Champion)
Shi Yuqi (Quarter-finals)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's singles
Seeds
Chen Yufei (First Round)
Akane Yamaguchi (Second Round)
Nozomi Okuhara (Second Round)
Ratchanok Intanon (Champion)
P. V. Sindhu (Second Round)
He Bingjiao (Semi-finals)
Michelle Li (Quarter-finals)
An Se-young (Quarter-finals)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men's doubles
Seeds
Marcus Fernaldi Gideon / Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo (Champions)
Mohammad Ahsan / Hendra Setiawan (Final)
Takeshi Kamura / Keigo Sonoda (Withdrew)
Li Junhui / Liu Yuchen (First Round)
Fajar Alfian / Muhammad Rian Ardianto (Semi-finals)
Hiroyuki Endo / Yuta Watanabe (Withdrew)
Lee Yang / Wang Chi-lin (Quarter-finals)
Aaron Chia / Soh Wooi Yik (Semi-finals)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's doubles
Seeds
Chen Qingchen / Jia Yifan (Second Round)
Yuki Fukushima / Sayaka Hirota (Second Round)
Mayu Matsumoto / Wakana Nagahara (Second Round)
Misaki Matsutomo / Ayaka Takahashi (Semi-finals)
Kim So-yeong / Kong Hee-yong (Semi-finals)
Lee So-hee / Shin Seung-chan (Quarter-finals)
Du Yue / Li Yinhui (Second Round)
Greysia Polii / Apriyani Rahayu (Champions)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Zheng Siwei / Huang Yaqiong (Champions)
Wang Yilyu / Huang Dongping (Final)
Yuta Watanabe / Arisa Higashino (Withdrew)
Dechapol Puavaranukroh / Sapsiree Taerattanachai (Second Round)
Praveen Jordan / Melati Daeva Oktavianti (Quarter-finals)
Chan Peng Soon / Goh Liu Ying (Quarter-finals)
Seo Seung-jae / Chae Yoo-jung (First Round)
Goh Soon Huat / Shevon Jemie Lai (Second Round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Tournament Link
Indonesian Masters (badminton)
Indonesia Masters
Indonesia Masters (badminton)
Indonesia Masters (badminton)
Pleiades: Literature in Context is a biannual literary journal that publishes contemporary poetry, fiction, essays, and book reviews. It was founded by undergraduate students at the University of Central Missouri in 1981. The non-profit journal is published by the University of Central Missouri's Department of English and Philosophy. Pleiades publishes work from both established and emerging authors, and dedicates half of each issue to detailed book reviews of recent small-press poetry and fiction. Pleiades is funded by the University of Central Missouri and grants from the Missouri Arts Council. Its headquarters is in Warrensburg, Missouri.
The affiliated Pleiades Press publishes several books of poetry and prose each year through the Lena-Miles Wever Todd poetry prize, the Pleiades Press Editors Prize for Poetry, the Robert C. Jones Prize for Short Prose, and the Visual Poetry Series.
Awards
In addition to fifteen Pushcart Prizes works from Pleiades have been selected for The Best American Poetry anthology annually since 2001.
Notable contributors
Past contributors to Pleiades include winners of the Nobel, Ruth Lilly, Pulitzer, Bollingen, Prix de la Liberté, and Neustadt Prizes, as well as recipients of Guggenheim, Whiting, National Book Critics Circle and National Book Awards. Notable contributors include Joyce Carol Oates, Campbell McGrath, David St. John, Maxine Kumin, Sherman Alexie, Chris Offutt, Jean Valentine, D. A. Powell, Mark Halliday, Mary Jo Bang, Jaswinder Bolina, Victoria Chang, Zachary Mason, Amina Gautier, James Richardson, Jack Pendarvis, Randall Mann, Tiphanie Yanique, Troy Jollimore, Julie Sheehan, Bonnie Jo Campbell, and Melissa Kwasny, among many others.
See also
List of literary magazines
References
External links
Pleiades: Literature in Context
Poets & Writers' Pleiades Listing
Poetry magazines published in the United States
Student magazines published in the United States
Biannual magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1981
Philosophy magazines
University of Central Missouri
Magazines published in Missouri
Charles Melville Dewey (1849–1937) was an American tonalist painter. He was born in Lowville, New York. Confined to his bed from his twelfth to his seventeenth year by a hip disease, he formed the poetic conception of nature which appears in his pictures. He studied in the schools of the National Academy of Design, New York (1874–76), and in Paris under Carolus-Duran, whom he assisted to paint a ceiling in the Louvre. In 1878 he returned to New York. Dewey's work has much highly individual, poetic sentiment and generally depicts subdued morning and evening effects. His landscapes in oil and water color are in many public galleries and private collections in the United States. Among his best are:
Indian Summer and A November Evening (1904)
Morning Bay of St.Ives and The Brook (1905)
The Edge of the Forest (formerly Corcoran Gallery, Washington)
The Harvest Moon and The Close of Day (National Gallery, Washington)
The Gray Robe of Twilight (Buffalo Gallery)
Old Fields (Pennsylvania Academy, Philadelphia)
He was made a member of the National Academy of Design in 1907.
He died at the Hotel Chelsea in Manhattan on January 17, 1937.
References
External links
Charles Melville Dewey exhibition catalogs
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
People from Lowville, New York
1849 births
1937 deaths
Artists from New York City
Painters from New York (state)
National Academy of Design members
National Academy of Design alumni
Tonalism
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
Marcelo Bussiki (born on July 5, 1960, in Cuiabá, Brazil) is a Brazilian director and conductor. He currently works with the Brazos Valley Symphony Orchestra in Bryan, Texas. Since 2006, he is also the Chairman of Fine Arts at Blinn College in Bryan, Texas .
Marcelo Bussiki left for Rio de Janeiro at a young age to pursue his musical interests, eventually attending the Brazilian Conservatory of Music. Later, he continued his studies in conducting at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. Upon graduation, he landed the position of music director at the Federal University of Mato Grosso and held it for six years. Marcelo Bussiki was honored with the Ordem de Mérito de Mato Grosso (Mato Grosso Merit Award) because of his contribution not only to musical education but also to cultural expansion. But his most prestigious award to date is the title of "Oficial," the highest honor that the Brazilian executive branch (presidential) awards an artist.
In 1992, under a scholarship from the Brazilian government, he went to the United States to study at the Moores School of Music at the University of Houston. Two years later, he started conducting the University of Houston's New Music Ensemble until 1996. Mr. Bussiki's vast musical experience allowed him to develop a repertoire of contemporary music. He plays these pieces as the current conductor and director of the Brazos Valley Symphony Orchestra .
Marcelo Bussiki currently lives in Bryan, Texas.
References
"Dr. Marcelo Bussiki", Blinn College, December 3, 2004. Accessed March 20, 2007.
"Brazos Valley Symphony Orchestra", Brazos Valley Symphony Orchestra, March 20, 2007. Accessed March 21, 2007.
"Symphony orchestra heads into 25th year", The Bryan-College Station Eagle, August 27, 2006. Accessed March 21, 2007.
External links
Brazos Valley Symphony Orchestra
1960 births
Living people
People from Cuiabá
Brazilian conductors (music)
Brazilian emigrants to the United States
Blinn College
University of Houston alumni
21st-century conductors (music)
Digna can refer to:
Osman Digna
Digna Ochoa
Digna, Jura, a French commune in the Jura department
Digna, Tibet
Saint Digna can refer to:
Roman martyr (see Digna and Emerita)
One of the Martyrs of Córdoba (9th century).
In Latin, digna means "worthy".
Lloyd Goldman is a New York real estate developer and founder of BLDG Management.
Biography
Goldman is the son of real estate investor Irving Goldman. His uncle, Sol Goldman, was one of the most prominent real estate investors in New York City
during the 1980s owning a portfolio of nearly 600 commercial and residential properties. Goldman inherited a portfolio of New York City real estate. In the 1990s, he focused on buying distressed properties at government auctions. In 1984, he founded BLDG Management which owns over 250 residential and commercial properties nationwide and controls over $2 billion in real estate.
In early 2001, Goldman partnered with Larry Silverstein and Joseph Cayre to purchase the lease of the World Trade Center from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey for $3.2 billion. The partnership was required to post $800 million in fees and down payments to win the deal. Goldman and Cayre posted a combined $110 million; Silverstein contributed $14 million; Frank Lowy's Westfield America contributed $127 million (Westfield controlled the retail mall at the trade center); and $563 million was borrowed from GMAC Financing. Goldman was to receive 25% of the management fees. In 2006, Goldman's share was increased to 50% and he took over control of the project from Silverstein in 2016.
In 2004, Goldman was an investor in a group that purchased the 110-story Sears Tower in Chicago for $840 million with partners Joseph Moinian, Joseph Chetrit, and Jeffrey Feil, eventually changing the name to the Willis Tower in 2009. In 2009, he partnered with Jeffrey Feil and Stanley Chera to purchase the retail space in The St. Regis Hotel for $117 million; in 2012, they sold it for $380 million. In late 2018, Goldman built BLDG Management's first residential building in New York City.
Goldman serves on M&T Bank's New York City Director's Advisory Council and Mortgage Investment Council.
Philanthropy
In 2012, Goldman was elected the president of American Associates, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (AABGU). He is trustee of the Joyce and Irving Goldman Family Foundation, and is involved with Conservation International, The Educational Alliance, and the Are Family Foundation. Goldman serves as a trustee of the North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System, and he and his wife Victoria funded a pediatric allergy and respiratory care and research wing at the National Jewish Health center.
Personal life
Goldman lives in Manhattan with his wife Victoria, an education consultant and author of the Manhattan Family Guide to Private Schools. Their daughter,
Regina Goldman, is an assistant district attorney for Middlesex County, Massachusetts. In 2012, she married Richard Krumholz at the Central Synagogue in New York.
References
1958 births
Jewish American philanthropists
American real estate businesspeople
Businesspeople from New York City
Living people
Sol Goldman family
Philanthropists from New York (state)
21st-century American Jews
John Potter is an English tenor and academic.
Early life and education
John Potter's musical education began as a chorister in the Choir of King's College, Cambridge, after which he became a scholar at The King's School, Canterbury and exhibitioner at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. His coaches included lieder specialist Walter Gruner, accompanist Paul Hamburger, and the tenor Peter Pears.
Performance
Potter specialises in early and contemporary classical music vocal music. In addition to his solo work, he has performed with many vocal ensembles including the Hilliard Ensemble, The Swingle Singers, The Dowland Project, the Gavin Bryars Ensemble, and Red Byrd, of which he is a co-founder. His discography includes over 100 recordings encompassing his eclectic musical interests including Léonin and Led Zeppelin. He has received a fifth gold disc for the Hilliard Ensemble's Officium album.
He is also an ensemble coach, mentoring groups such as Trio Mediæval from Norway, The Kassiopeia Ensemble from the Netherlands, and Juice from the United Kingdom. His later collaborations have included Being Dufay with electronic music composer Ambrose Field and the lutenist and vihuela player Ariel Abramovich.
Academic work
Potter is a reader emeritus for the Music Department at the University of York; before retirement he was the director of the Vocal Studies postgraduate program. His research interests include the sociology of vocal music and vocal repertory, especially Renaissance and contemporary music.
Potter is the editor of the Cambridge Companion to Singing (1998) and is the author of numerous articles in academic publications. His books include:
Vocal authority: Singing Style and Ideology, Cambridge University Press, 1998
Tenor: History of a Voice, Yale University Press, 2009
A History of Singing (with Neil Sorrell), Cambridge University Press, 2012
References
External links
John Potter's Homepage
John Potter's Profile at the University of York
Biography at Bach-Cantatas.com
John Potter at Hyperion Records
The Cambridge Companion to Singing at Google Books
Tenor: History of a voice at Google Books
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of the University of York
English classical musicians
English tenors
Contemporary classical music performers
ECM Records artists
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
British performers of early music
Choristers of the Choir of King's College, Cambridge
Koukourgi is a 1792 French-language comic opera by Luigi Cherubini to a libretto by Mélesville père, which was not performed in Cherubini's lifetime. The music was laid up for nearly forty years till four numbers were re-used in Ali Baba; ou, les Quarante Voleurs of 1833, to a libretto by Mélesville fils, Eugène Scribe, and with additional new music by the then elderly Cherubini. The opera was reconstructed and premiered in celebration of the composer's 250th anniversary at the Stadttheater Klagenfurt in 2010.
Recording
DVD sung in French, with dialogues in German : Stefan Cerny, Cigdem Soyarslan, Leonardo Galeazzi, Daniel Prohaska, Peter Edelmann, Kärtner Sinfonieorchester, Peter Marschik, directed Josef E. Köpplinger. Arthaus Musik, 2010
References
Operas
1792 operas
Operas by Luigi Cherubini
"Now That We're Alone" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Rodney Crowell. It was released in October 1990 as the fourth single from the album Keys to the Highway. The song reached number 17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Chart performance
References
1990 singles
Rodney Crowell songs
Songs written by Rodney Crowell
Song recordings produced by Tony Brown (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Rodney Crowell
Columbia Records singles
1989 songs
The German Center for Art History (Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte or DFK Paris) is an independent art history research institute. Located in the heart of Paris, the DFK Paris is a forum for experts from around the world to exchange ideas.
Here French and German intellectual traditions engage in a fruitful dialogue with international currents of thought, promoting innovative interdisciplinary research on the arts of both countries, viewed in a global context. From mediaeval to contemporary art, numerous topics are explored in research projects, fellowships and symposia; the results are then made available to a wider public through series published by the institute.
The DFK Paris, like its partner institutes in Beirut, Istanbul, London, Moscow, Rome, Tokyo, Warsaw, and Washington, belongs to the Max Weber Foundation – Foundation of German Humanities Institutes Abroad (DGIA), a public-law foundation under the authority of the German federal government. The DFK Paris is funded through this foundation by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF).
History
The German Center for Art History was founded in 1997 as a project funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research. Its inception fulfilled a longstanding wish in the art history research community, to provide an institutional framework for studies on French art and its reception around the world.
An important goal was to centralize German-language art historical research in France as well as to spark the interest of French researchers in German art and in German-language art history. Over the years, as an independent research institute, the DFK Paris has become a forum for lively international exchange about art history and theory.
Following a recommendation from its Academic Advisory Council, the DFK Paris became a member of the Foundation of German Humanities Institutes Abroad (DGIA) in 2006, operating directly under the German federal government, which became the Max Weber Foundation in 2012. Initially located at Place des Victoires, the DFK Paris has been housed since October 2011in the Hôtel Lully. It is thus located in the immediate vicinity of the French National Institute for Art History (Institut national d'histoire de l'art - INHA), one of its main partner institutions, as well as its library.
Direction
1997 to 2007 Thomas W. Gaehtgens (Founding Director)
2007 to 2009 Julia Drost (Interim Director)
2009 to 2014 Andreas Beyer
In February 2014 Thomas Kirchner, expert for French art of the 17th and 18th centuries, became the head of the institute.
Fellowships & Scholarships
Supporting young researchers from around the world is a core mission of the German Center for Art History. Many different programs, funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research, are available for undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral students as well as assistant professors and those seeking accreditation to become full professors. The center also has a mission as a facilitator between researchers in France and Germany, and it encourages networking among young researchers from around the world.
The financial aid programs of the DFK Paris include short-term scholarships, longer-term funding for PhD and postdoctoral researchers, and other formats, such as study trips, courses, and colloquia for specific educational purposes. The extensive scholarship program enables young researchers to conduct research in France and to exchange on their topics with the DFK Paris team of researchers.
Every year, an annual theme is selected to address current debates in the field. The resulting topics provide a starting point from which an international group of grant recipients conducts research in the framework of a study program. The results of their research projects are made available to a wideraudience through specialized symposia, academic conferences, and series published by the German Center for Art History.
Research projects
In addition to individual research activities, the DFK Paris is engaged in long-term projects that involve international cooperations with institutions in France and abroad
ARCHITRAVE – Art and Architecture in German Travel Accounts to Paris and Versailles in the Baroque Era
Displaced Images: The Modern Faces of Art
Surrealism and Money: Dealers, Collectors, and Gallerists
OwnReality. To Each His Own Reality
Travelling Art Histories
Catalog of the historic collections of the Hôtel de Beauharnais in Paris
Between Art, Science and Occupation Policy
Digital Humanities
Publications
The German Center for Art History publishes works by its own researchers and accepts essays and monographies by art historians from around the world. The editorial line, at first oriented toward annual themes and long-term projects, has opened up to other methodological and historiographical perspectives. It now incorporates studies on subjects as varied as artistic exchanges, art collections and collectors, classical architecture, art theory, and the political significance of images.
In addition to its Passages/Passagen, Passerelles, and Monographies series, published by Éditions de la Maison des sciences de l'homme (MSH) in France and by the Deutscher Kunstverlag (DKV) in Germany, the DFK Paris recently created the Passages online series, available on Heidelberg University's open access publication platform arthistoricum.net – ART-Books. The institute's publication program is rounded out by numerous co-editions developed with partner institutions.
Alongside print editions, the DFK Paris now produces digital editions, following an open access policy.
Passages/Passagen
Initially publishing conference proceedings and papers of the annual themes at the DFK Paris, the Passages/Passagen series was expanded to include broader areas of research, mostly from PhD and postdoctoral dissertations in art history. In the Passages/Passagen series, equal attention is paid to the writing, critical apparatus, images, and graphic design, resulting in outstanding scholarly works, accessible to a wide readership.
Passages online
The DFK Paris fully supports the principle of open access, in order to make the results of its research quickly and easily available to an international readership. In 2017, the two existing publication series, Passages/Passagen and Passerelles, were joined by Passages online, which presents the results of scholarly colloquia and annual themes in digital form. These publications are accessible as Open Access online resources via arthistoricum.net – ART-Books. Additionally, some volumes are available as print-on-demand publications.
Passerelles
The Passerelles series is dedicated to essay on art history. Short texts analyze the history of critical reception, artistic tastes, and anthropological aspects of art; provide in-depth studies of historiographical works and debates; and delve into theoretical questions or specific genres chosen by artists. As such, these essays offer new possibilities for exploring different times, places, and disciplines.
Library
The German Center for Art History houses a specialized library on German art, cultural and scholarly history. It offers an overview of art theoretical literature on France as well as French-German artistic relations.
The library supports researchers at the center in their research projects on French art history. With thematic emphases such as fashion, the history of art collecting, the Bauhaus or provenance research, it reflects the vitality of a spectrum of research spanning from the Middle Ages to the present.
A unique collection of art theoretical and aesthetic texts, composed largely of original editions from the seventeenth to the twentieth century, countless rarities, as well as digital collections and databases, can be viewed in the reading room of the Hôtel Lully. Of the 96,000 resources currently available and the 193 circulating, primarily German-language journals, more than 80 percent are on display in open stacks. Readers of the DFK Paris library benefit from its close proximity to its partner libraries at the INHA, with which the library is linked through a cooperation agreement, as well as to the special collections of the Bibliothèque nationale de France (BnF), the Louvre, and the Centre Pompidou.
The forum is a member of the Art Libraries Network Florence-Paris-Munich-Rome, kubikat, whose world-renowned online catalog represents the most comprehensive library database on art history. It currently comprises more than 1.7 million titles, 900,000 of which are articles from scholarly journals, collected volumes, and online publications. The kubikat is in cooperation with the Bibliotheksverbund Bavaria (BVB) and the Art Discovery Group Catalogue.
Hôtel Lully
Hôtel Lully, the building housing the German Center for Art History, is located in the first arrondissement of Paris. Built in the seventeenth century, the Hôtel Lully owes its construction to Jean-Baptiste Lully, an Italian-born French composer who became the court composer for Louis XIV. According to a local legend, Lully received 11,000 livres from Molière to help purchase the land and construct the building. The decorative splendor dating from the reign of the Sun King remains visible in the façade, embellished with Bacchanalian masks—a registered historic monument—a bas-relief depicting musical symbols, and the ceiling paintings in the drawing room.
In addition to the freely accessible library and its reading room, the now modern interiors feature a conference room in the basement, a meeting room with videoconferencing capabilities, a research studio for grant recipients, and offices for the DFK Paris team and third-party funded research projects.
References
External links
Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte: Mission and History.
Max Weber Stiftung: DFK Paris.
Verband deutscher Kunsthistoriker: Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte/Centre allemand d'histoire de l'art Paris
Histoires de Paris: Hôtel de Lully
Art history
German art
French art
Max Weber Foundation
Les Archives du spectacle – The Performing Arts Archive – is an online French database covering live performance (theatre, dance, opera, puppetry, etc.). It was created in 2007.
The site is designed to provide free information about plays, actors, actresses, directors, playwrights and other people and companies involved in the development of a show, a play, a musical or an opera in a French-speaking country (France, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Canada). Details are given of major revivals as well as new works. Foreign shows performed in France are sometimes covered. The site offers no judgments on the quality of the shows it covers.
The site is run from the city of Montpellier. It operates in co-operation with the French Performing Arts Archives and ARTCENA, a national centre created by the French Ministry of Culture to coordinate and increase digital resources on circus, street and theatre arts.
References
Online databases
Theatre databases
David Scrymgeour is a business fellow at the Oxford University School of Enterprise and Environment and adjunct professor and executive-in-residence at the Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto. He lectures and leads workshops for Venture for Canada, the MBA/MIB programs at the Smith School of Business, Queen's University University and was the inaugural professional-in-residence at St Cross College, Oxford.
Entrepreneurial
Scrymgeour worked globally as a corporate trouble-shooter before founding organisations including File Tech Inc., an information management company; The Skills Network, a group of skills training businesses; and co-founding Green Standards Ltd, another Profit list company that re-purposes no longer needed office equipment.
Political Consulting
Scrymgeour held the position of national director of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada under former Prime Minister of Canada Joe Clark from 2002–03, resigning as part of the deal between David Orchard and Peter MacKay that led to MacKay's assumption of leadership and caused a storm of protest within the party. He was later named the first national director of the new Conservative Party of Canada.
Prior to the Rose Revolution of November 2003, he delivered political, organisational and election readiness training in the former Soviet Republic of Georgia.
In early 2004, he managed the lead up to Jim Flaherty's campaign for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario.
In August 2004, he was hired for a dollar-per-year as an advisor to the Green Party of Canada by its leader Jim Harris. In the position paper, Green and Growing, he outlined a political organization structure that emphasized minimum critical central coordination under an Executive Director and the building of volunteer-based electoral district associations.
In the 2007 Ontario provincial election, he served as organisation director of the Green Party of Ontario, delivering the first full slate of 107 candidates in its history. He then served as chief financial officer from 2007-2010 and as Campaign Chair for the 2011 Ontario General Election.
Community
Scrymgeour has acted as an advisor, donor and/or board member for organizations including Venture for Canada, MaRS Discovery District, One Laptop per Child, the Belinda Stronach Foundation, the Canadian Executive Service Organization, Oak Ridges Moraine Land Trust, Anglican Church of Canada and the Make Poverty History Campaign. He also mentors scholarship students at Rotman Commerce, UofT School of Environment and Queens Commerce.
References
Canadian political consultants
Ontario candidates for Member of Parliament
Green Party of Ontario politicians
Living people
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Candidates in the 2000 Canadian federal election
Year of birth missing (living people)
Callimetopus acerdentibus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Dela Cruz and Adorada in 2012.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Amravati division, also known as Varhad, is an Indian one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India. Amravati and Nagpur divisions constitute the ancient Vidarbha region. Amravati Division is bound by Madhya Pradesh state to the north, Nagpur Division to the east, Telangana state to the southeast, Marathwada region (Aurangabad Division) to the south and southwest, and Nashik Division to the west.
Area: 46,090 km²
Population (2011 census): 2,888,445
Districts: Akola, Amravati, Buldhana, Washim, Yavatmal
Largest City: Amravati
Literacy: 93.03%
Area under irrigation: 2,582.02 km²
Railways: broad gauge 249 km, meter gauge 227 km, narrow gauge 188 km.
History of Amravati Division
Amravati Division roughly corresponds to the former province of Berar, which was ruled by the Maratha Maharajas of Nagpur till 1803. In 1853, it was occupied by the British, who decided to administer the province although it remained under the nominal sovereignty of the Nizam of Hyderabad.
In 1903 Berar Province was renamed Berar Division and added to the British-administered Central Provinces, which in 1936 was renamed Central Provinces and Berar. Upon Indian independence, the Central Provinces and Berar were reorganised as the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. In 1956 the Indian states were reorganised on linguistic grounds, and Amravati and Nagpur divisions were transferred to Bombay State, which was split on linguistic lines into the states Maharashtra and Gujarat in 1960.
Amravati is the largest city in the division followed by Akola and Yavatmal.
Chikhaldara, the only hill station in Vidarbha, is situated in Amravati District.
Also the famous Melghat Tiger Reserve is situated in Amravati and Akola districts.
Administration
A Divisional Commissioner, an IAS officer appointed by the Government of Maharashtra, administers the division. Divisional Commissioners have included:
Ganesh P. Thakur (2011–2012)
D. R. Bansod (2013–2014)
Dnyaneshwar Sadashivrao Dhok Rajurkar (2014– )
The division is subdivided into five districts:
Akola
Amravati
Buldhana
Yavatmal
Washim
See also
Make In Maharashtra
Central Provinces and Berar, Administration
References
External links
Official website of the Amravati Divisional Commissioner
Divisions of Maharashtra
Berar
Vidarbha
The 2020 United States presidential election in Iowa was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Iowa voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Iowa has six electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won the state 53.1% to 44.9%. Prior to this election, most news organizations had considered Iowa as either leaning towards Trump or a tossup. As was the case in Ohio, this election has confirmed Iowa's trend from a Midwestern swing state toward the GOP column, the same trend as neighboring Missouri starting in 2008. Iowa had voted Democratic in six of seven elections prior to 2016, with the exception being George W. Bush's narrow plurality win in 2004. In 2016, however, Iowa voted for Trump by an unexpectedly large margin of 9.4%, voting over ten points to the right of the nation overall, indicating a possible realignment of the previously Democratic-leaning state towards the GOP, much as in the case of West Virginia in 2000 and 2004. Even though Biden contested the state, Trump ended up carrying it by only a slightly reduced margin of 8.2% even as his national margin of defeat grew by 2.4%, confirming this trend.
Biden became the first Democratic nominee since Jimmy Carter in 1976 to win the presidency without carrying Iowa, the first since 1916 to win without carrying Wapello County, as well as the first since FDR in 1940 to win the presidency without carrying Dubuque County and Howard County. Biden improved on Hillary Clinton's margins in the Des Moines and Cedar Rapids metropolitan areas and traditionally conservative western Iowa, the latter of which borders Nebraska's 2nd congressional district (Omaha urban area), an electoral vote Trump won in 2016 but lost in 2020. Trump improved on his 2016 performance in populist northeast and south Iowa and became the first Republican to win Iowa in back to back elections since Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1984. This was the first election since 1988 in which Iowa voted for the loser of both the popular and electoral vote.
Iowa is one of three states that voted twice for Barack Obama and Trump, the other two being Ohio and Florida. This was the first time since 2000 that Iowa backed the losing candidate in a presidential election, and the first time since 2004 that Iowa voted for a different candidate than neighboring Wisconsin.
Caucuses
The state's caucuses, traditionally the first major electoral event in the country, were held on February 3, 2020.
Republican caucuses
Incumbent president Donald Trump received about 97 percent of the votes in the Republican caucuses, and received 39 of the GOP delegates, while Bill Weld received enough votes to clinch 1 delegate.
Democratic caucuses
After a three-day delay in votes being reported, the Iowa Democratic Party declared that Pete Buttigieg had narrowly won the state delegate equivalent (SDE) count of the Democratic caucuses with 26.2 percent. Bernie Sanders came in second with 26.1 percent of the SDEs, despite the fact that he received more popular votes (26.5 percent) than Buttigieg (25.1 percent). Elizabeth Warren, Joe Biden, and Amy Klobuchar finished in third, fourth, and fifth place, respectively.
Libertarian caucuses
The Libertarian Party of Iowa conducted their own caucuses on February 8, offering in-person caucus locations and an online virtual caucus. Only registered Libertarian voters were eligible to participate.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kirsten Gillibrand
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Sherrod Brown
with Donald Trump and Nancy Pelosi
with Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump, Elizabeth Warren, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
Results
Results by county
Results by congressional district
Trump won all 4 of the state's congressional districts, including one that elected a Democrat.
Analysis
Per exit polling by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Iowa came from White Iowans with no college degree, who comprised 62% of the electorate and supported Trump by 58%–40%. Trump also dominated amongst Christian voters, garnering 66% of Protestants, 54% of Catholics, and 76% of born-again/Evangelical Christians. 53% of voters believed Trump was better able to handle international trade. Trump continued to win the cultural message among voters without college degrees in the Hawkeye State.
During the primary season, there remained hope among Democrats that Iowa would still be a contestable state. However, Trump's well-held victory in the state in the general election also saw Republican congressional candidates—from Senator Joni Ernst to two House seats, both held by Democrats (one vacated by Dave Loebsack in Iowa's 2nd district)—winning their election.
Neither Biden nor Trump flipped any counties in the state, although Biden came within 2% of flipping Dallas County, a suburb of Des Moines. Jefferson County was also very close, having gone for Trump by a similarly tight margin four years earlier.
See also
United States presidential elections in Iowa
2020 Iowa elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. (Describes bellwether Marshall County, Iowa)
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Presidential
Iowa
2020
Planing may refer to:
Planing (boat) or hydroplaning, a method by which a hull skims over the surface of the water
Hydroplaning (tires), a loss of traction caused by a layer of water between the tires and the road surface
Using a plane (tool) to smooth a flat surface of a piece of wood
Operating a Planer (metalworking) to produce a flat surface
Harmonic planing (music), chords that move in parallel motion, thereby eliminating any feeling of harmonic progression
Scaling and root planing, the removal of dental plaque
Planing (shaping), material removal process
See also
Planning
Plane (disambiguation)
The St. Mary's Cathedral ( ) also called Cathedral of St. Mary the Mother of God is an Assyrian religious building of the Catholic church that follows the Chaldean rite and is located in Mehdi Al Ghadam, Mirzaian Street of the city of Urmía in the province of Western Azerbaijan, north of Iran and near the border with Turkey.
It is a temple that follows the Chaldean or East Syriac Rite and is one of the 4 Chaldean Catholic cathedrals operating in Iran. The church serves as the seat of the Chaldean Catholic Archeparchie of Urmia, suffragan of the Chaldean Catholic diocese of Salmas.
Its construction dates from the period between 1881 and 1885; it was destroyed in 1918 and reopened in 1954. It is under the pastoral responsibility of the Archbishop Thomas Meram.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Iran
St. Mary Church, Urmia
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Iran
Churches in Iran
Buildings and structures in Urmia
Chaldean Catholic cathedrals
Mo Chit may refer to:
Mo Chit Bus Terminal, a former bus station in Bangkok
Mo Chit 2, the colloquial name for the Bangkok Bus Terminal (Chatuchak), which succeeded Mo Chit
Mo Chit BTS Station, a station of the BTS Skytrain
Gerardo Guevara (born 23 September 1930) is one of the key composers in Ecuador. His work combines native music with contemporary techniques.
Biography
Born in Quito, Gerardo Guevara showed music ability at an early age. Because his father worked as a caretaker at the Conservatorio Nacional, Guevara used to eavesdrop on the music dictations that were being given to older children and sometimes ventured to shout the answer before running away. When he was fifteen he started studying composition with Luis H. Salgado. In 1952, while playing the piano in an orchestra in Guayaquil, he studied composition and the analysis of Bartok's music with the Hungarian musician Jorge Aq
From 1959 onwards and thanks to a Unesco grant, Guevara studied composition with Nadia Boulanger at the École Normale de Musique de Paris where he graduated as a conductor. While in Paris, he also studied musicology at the University of La Sorbonne. After twelve years in France, he went back to Ecuador where in 1972 he formed the choir of the Central University of Quito. A year later, he created the Sayce (Society for the protection of musicians).
He acted as a conductor of the National Symphony Orchestra from 1974–75 and director of the Conservatorio Nacional (1980–88) where he taught composition and the history of Ecuadorian Music.
Mainly nationalist he nonetheless explored contemporary techniques, which led Robert Stevenson to write: "Guevara Viteri has drawn on European styles". More appropriately Béhague comments: "more advanced techniques of composition appeared in some of the works of Gerardo Guevara". A prolific composer, he has also written essays and articles on music. As a teacher he also had a profound influence on his students.
Works
Inspiración for piano, 1950 (world premiere 2011 by Alex Alarcon Fabre)
Despedida, pasillo, 1957
Apanny Shungo for piano, 1958
Yaguar shungo ballet for symphony orchestra and choir 1958
Geografía for baritone and piano (texts by Jorge Enrique Adoum), 1960
Tierras for baritone and piano (text by Jorge Carrera Andrade), 1960
First string quartet, 1960
El Hombre Planetario for baritone and piano (texts by Carrera Andrade), 1962
Tres preludios for piano: Recitativo, Albazo and Sanjuanito, 1963
Cantata de la paz for baritone, orchestra and choir 1963-64
Second string quartet, 1963–64
Atahualpa for choir, 1965
Indios for choir, 1965
Se va con algo mío, pasillo, 1967
Danzante del destino, for pinkillu, pan flute, harp, bombo, 2 guitars, contralto solo, choir, 1967
Danzante de la Ausencia, choir, 1967
Yaraví del desterrado, 1967
Tuyallay, 1967
Ismos for violin, viola, cello, oboe, clarinet and piano, 1970
Ecuador, orchestral suite, 1972
5 Miniaturas (Panecillo, Pichincha, La Compañía, Avenida Veinticuatro de Mayo, Quito Norte) for flute, French horn, oboe, clarinet and fagot, 1973
Quito arrabal del cielo for choir (text by Jorge Reyes), 1974
Galería siglo XX de pintores ecuatorianos, orchestral suite, 1976
El Panecillo, (texts by Eloy Proaño), 1977
Solsticio de Verano, san juanito, 1977
Tres melodías para soprano y orquesta de cámara texts by Ana María Iza (Iba a fugarme, Pasillo, Aquí me paro y grito), 1978
Tríptico for choir, 1978
El espantapájaros,
Jaguay, vocal, 1980
Combate poético for baritone and piano, 1980
Otoño for voice and piano, 1980
Fiesta for piano, 1982
Diálogos for flute, piano (dedicated to Luciano Carrera), 1982
Recitativo and Danza for guitar, 1983
Juegos, 1983
Suite Ecuatoriana, for flute and piano1985
Cuaderno pedagógico for piano students, 1985–86
Et in Terra Pax Hominibus for baritone and orchestra, text by J. E. Adoum, 1987
Huayra Shina for soprano, baritone and orchestra, 1987
pasillo for piano, 1988
Historia for orchestra, 1990.
Del maíz al trigo (tonada), 1993.
De mestizo a mestizo for orchestra (in three movements), 1994
Discography
Gerardo Guevara: Melodías y canciones. Galo Cárdenas, Baritone; Marie Renée Portais, piano. Fediscos
Lp 5403, 1982.
Música de nuestro tiempo, Ifesa (LP 301-0293)
Gerardo Guevara: Et in Terra Pax Hominibus for baritone & orchestra, text by Jorge Enrique Adoum.
other works by: M. Estévez, D. Luzuriaga, M. Maiguashca & A. Rodas
Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional conducted by Alvaro Manzano
Despedida, Ifesa Lp-CME. Guayaquil 1958. Piano: Gerardo Gevara.
Se va con algo mío in: Beatriz Parra, Noche lírica en Canal 2, record no. 2, IFESA Lp-206-B. Guayaquil, 1973.
Danzante del destino. Victor 45 rpm PB9027. Sweden, 1977.
Grandes temas de Música Ecuatoriana
Gerardo Guevara, El Espantapájaros
other works by: Sixto María Durán, Benítez & Valencia, etc
Piano, Marcelo Ortiz
Souvenir de l'Amérique du Sud CD. Piano: Marcelo Ortiz
Pasillo (pasillo) (Gerardo Guevara)
Fiesta (albazo) (Gerardo Guevara)
Tonada (tonada) (Gerardo Guevara)
El espantapájaros (pasillo) (Gerardo Guevara)
Apamuy Shungo (danzante) (Gerardo Guevara)
Other works by: Luis H. Salgado, Enrique Espín Yépez, Sixto M. Durán, Miguel A. Casares
Piano Music by Ecuadorian Composers CD. Piano: [Alex Alarcon Fabre],
Pasillo (pasillo) (Gerardo Guevara)
Fiesta (aire tipico) (Gerardo Guevara)
Albazo (albazo) (Gerardo Guevara)
Other works by: Luis H. Salgado, Claudio Aizaga, Corsino Durán, Juan Pablo Muñoz Sanz
Bibliography
"Gerardo Guevara", in: Grandes compositores ecuatorianos, edited by Pablo Guerrero (G. CONMÚSICA, 1999)
Béhague, Gerard: "Ecuador. Art Music", in: The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, Second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie & John Tyrrel (London: Macmillan, 2001)
Pérez Pimentel, Rodolfo: Diccionario Biografico Ecuatoriano
Stevenson, Robert: "Quito", in: The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, Second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie & John Tyrrel (London: Macmillan, 2001)
Walker, John L.: "The Younger Generation of Ecuadorian Composers", in: Latin American Music Review vol. 22, no. 2 (Fall/Winter 2001), pp. 199–213
Writings
"La música coral en Ecuador", in: Diners no. 1, March 1980, pp. 30-33 (Quito: Diners Club del Ecuador)
"Segunda Sonata para piano de Luis H. Salgado", in: Opus, vol. 3, no. 31, pp. 48–51 (Quito: Central Bank of Ecuador)
Vamos a cantar: cancionero popula (Quito: Ministerio de Educación y Cultura, 1991; repr. 1992)
References
External links
Homage to Gerardo Guevara Fundación Filarmónica y Casa de la Música
di-arezzo scores, Spain Six songs by Gerardo guevara
The Art Song in Latin America: Selected Works by Twentieth-Century Composers Latin-American choral scores.
1930 births
20th-century classical composers
Ecuadorian composers
Living people
Male classical composers
People from Quito
École Normale de Musique de Paris alumni
20th-century male musicians
Adolf Müller (1857–1932) was a renowned Croatian industrialist, manufacturer and entrepreneur.
Background and family
Müller was born in Zagreb to a poor Jewish family with many children. Due to lack of money, when he completed the elementary school, Müller was educated for cooper and carpentry craft. At 25, Müller married Fanika Müller (née Mülhofer), from Krapina. Together they had two sons, Alfred and Leo who were both killed during the Holocaust.
Business career
In Josipdol, near Ogulin, Müller opened grocery store and a restaurant. Soon after he bought the store "Zlatni zvon" in Zagreb. Müller was extremely entrepreneurial and motivated, and that store in a short time become one of the best in town. Müller ran his shop for 25 years, later also trading in coal and brick. Müller established a brick factory in Zagreb, and a brickyard near Karlovac. He also owned several brickyards in Kustošija, Zagreb.
Cultural activity
Müller invested his earnings and capital in the Zagreb culture. Around 1913 he financed the construction of "Helios" cinema (now Gavella Drama Theatre). He merged cinemas "Helios", "Apollo", "Union" and film institute "Urania" into one company. In 1919, Müller purchased a residential-commercial complex in Varšavska and Masarykova Street. There, in 1924, Müller financed the construction of "Balkan" cinema (now called "Europa"), under architect Srećko Florschütz.
References
Bibliography
1857 births
1932 deaths
Businesspeople from Zagreb
Croatian Jews
Batrachorhina bipunctipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1957
The 2018 Kagame Interclub Cup is the 41st edition of the Kagame Interclub Cup, a football competition for clubs in East and Central Africa, which is organised by CECAFA. It took place in Tanzania from 29 June to 13 July 2018.
All times shown are in East Africa Time (UTC+3).
Participants
The following 12 clubs took part in the competition:
Group A
Azam
Vipers
JKU
Kator
Group B
Rayon Sports
Gor Mahia
AS Port
LLB Académic
Group C
Simba
A.P.R.
Dekedaha
Singida United
Officials
Referees
Omar Abdulkadir Artan (Somalia)
Louis Hakizimana (Rwanda)
Peter Waweru (Kenya)
Ssali Mashood (Uganda)
Emmanuel Mwandembwa (Tanzania)
Saddam Houssein Mansour (Djibouti)
Thierry Nkurunziza (Burundi)
Ring Nyier Akech Malong (South Sudan)
Ali Mfaume Nassoro (Zanzibar)
Assistant Referees
Hamza Haji Abdi (Somalia)
Theogene Ndagijimana (Rwanda)
Gilbert Cheruiyot (Kenya)
Tony Kidiya (Kenya)
Dick Okello (Uganda)
Salah Abdi Mohamed (Djibouti)
Willy Habimana (Burundi)
Gasim Madir Dehiya (South Sudan)
Mohamed Mkono (Tanzania)
Group stage
The group stage featured twelve teams, with 4 teams in Group A, Group B and C. Two teams from Group A and B and Group C advanced to the knockout stage.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Top scorers
References
Kagame Interclub Cup
Kagame Interclub Cup
2018 in Tanzanian sport
International association football competitions hosted by Tanzania
Dichoptic (from the Greek words δίχα dicha, meaning "in two," and ὀπτικός optikos, "relating to sight") is viewing a separate and independent field by each eye. In dichoptic presentation, stimulus A is presented to the left eye and a different stimulus B is presented to the right eye.
Dichoptic moving images and games
Dichoptic perceptual training has been tested in order to stimulate the simultaneous use of both eyes. In recent years, efforts have been made to develop methods of perceptual learning in vision therapy for treating interocular suppression and improving binocular vision in patients with anisometropic or strabismic amblyopia.
In these methods, data has been presented within a virtual reality environment, and has also been presented using a computer screen or handheld device together with matched active or passive filter glasses for the user, which present a different image to each eye.
In order to balance the input of visual information from each eye to the brain, the data is presented in such a manner that the user needs to use both eyes to see the complete scene. Furthermore, the stimulus offered to the weaker eye may be stronger, for example with stronger contrast, than the stimulus for the stronger eye.
Some of these methods involve the use of dichoptic computer games (such as the game Tetris). A dichoptic presentation of popular movies has also been proposed.
See also
Cheiroscope
References
Further references
Dictionary of Optometry and Visual Science, 7th edition. (2009)
Goldstein, E. B. (1989). Sensation and Perception. 3rd edition.
The Chambers Dictionary. (1993).
Optometry
Robert Samuel Kerr (September 11, 1896 – January 1, 1963) was an American businessman and politician from Oklahoma. Kerr formed a petroleum company before turning to politics. He served as the 12th governor of Oklahoma and was elected three times to the United States Senate. Kerr worked natural resources, and his legacy includes water projects that link the Arkansas River via the Gulf of Mexico. He was the first Oklahoma governor born in the territory of the state.
Early life
Kerr was born in a log cabin in Pontotoc County — near what is now Ada — in Indian Territory, the son of William Samuel Kerr, a farmer, clerk, and politician, and Margaret Eloda Wright. Kerr's upbringing as a Southern Baptist had a profound influence on his life. Not only did his religious beliefs lead him to teach Sunday school and to shun alcohol throughout his adulthood, it also aided his political aspirations in a conservative state where Baptists were the single largest denomination. He enrolled at Oklahoma Baptist University in Shawnee as a junior in high school. He later attended and graduated from East Central Normal School in Ada. He briefly studied law at the University of Oklahoma until poverty forced him to drop out in 1916. When the United States entered World War I in 1917, Kerr was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the army. He never saw combat, but he used his active involvement in the Oklahoma National Guard and the American Legion to forward his business and political careers. He then returned to study law under an Ada judge. Kerr passed the bar exam in 1922, but a business failure the previous year had left him deeply in debt. In 1924, his wife of more than four years, Reba Shelton, died in childbirth, along with his twin daughters. The next year he married Grayce Breene, the youngest daughter of a wealthy Tulsa family. They had four children.
Kerr used his new family connections to enter the oil business with his brother-in-law, James L. Anderson, as his partner. By 1929 the Anderson-Kerr Drilling Company had become so prosperous that Kerr abandoned his law practice to focus on oil. Anderson retired in 1936, and Dean A. McGee, former chief geologist for Phillips Petroleum, joined the firm, which changed its name in
1946 to Kerr-McGee Oil Industries, Incorporated. Kerr-McGee diversified into global drilling for petroleum and processed other fuels and minerals, including uranium and helium.
Political career
Kerr's growing wealth and business ties made him a power in state Democratic politics during the 1930s. He worked to raise funds for both Governors E.W. Marland and Leon C. Phillips. In 1940, he was elected as Democratic national committeeman for Oklahoma. Two years later he ran for the Democratic nomination for governor, campaigning as a supporter both of the New Deal and of a vigorous American role in World War II. Oklahoma's Democrats were divided over US President Franklin Roosevelt's policies, leading to a bitter campaign. Kerr narrowly won the primary and went on to win by a small margin in the general election. He was the first native-born governor.
Kerr's four-year term as governor served as a turning point for Oklahoma's politics and economy. For the first time in the state's history, executive-legislative relations remained cordial, largely due to Kerr's patient leadership. When not cultivating legislators, the governor prepared his state to weather postwar economic storms. Kerr traveled more than 400,000 miles to sell Oklahoma's products and potential throughout the nation. Not coincidentally, Kerr's boosterism also promoted his own political fortunes. In 1944 he was chosen to deliver the keynote address at the Democratic National Convention, where he played a back-room role in the selection of Harry S. Truman as vice president. During World War II, despite the tendency of Oklahomans to keep the federal government at arm's length, Kerr promoted ties to the government, knowing how important the jobs and activity were to create prosperity. Oklahoma became home to many wartime industries and was a training site for military personnel. After the war, he called for increased spending to allow for post-war development of the state. Kerr traveled around the country to promote Oklahoma at his own expense.
Kerr was among 12 nominated at the 1944 Democratic National Convention to serve as Roosevelt's running mate in the presidential election that year. He used his success as governor to catapult himself into the U.S. Senate in 1948. Although Kerr had national ambitions, he always put what he considered to be the interests of his state first. Unlike many of his peers he generally neglected headline-grabbing issues, including anticommunism, foreign affairs, and civil rights (although Kerr did not sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto and voted in favor of the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and the 24th Amendment to the US Constitution), in favor of more mundane topics such as oil policies and public works. He believed Oklahomans would benefit most, and support him strongly, if he concentrated on concrete economic matters.
In a closely-contested race, Kerr became the first Oklahoma governor elected to the Senate. He had Presidential aspirations briefly in 1952, but he failed to win the Democratic nomination. Instead he devoted his energies to building his Senate career.
Kerr's activism on natural gas regulation quickly won him a reputation among his colleagues for being a staunch defender of his region and its special interests, including his own petroleum company. His personality reinforced these first impressions. Kerr's colleagues widely considered him a brilliant debater who overwhelmed his opponents with his passion and his mastery of policy detail.
Following the 1952 disappointment, Kerr abandoned all hopes of becoming a presidential candidate and threw himself completely into his legislative work. He built alliances with the powerful southern and western Democrats who dominated the Senate, including Richard Russell of Georgia and Lyndon Johnson of Texas. On these friends he relied on heavily. He also relied on careful committee preparation to pursue regional economic development.
The Arkansas River Navigation System (better known as the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System) became Kerr's defining goal through his three terms in the Senate. This $1.2 billion federal project, centered in northeastern Oklahoma, fostered more than $3 billion in commercial and industrial development in the Arkansas River basin during the two years after its completion in 1971. A once stagnant portion of Oklahoma quickly emerged as a regional economic hub.
Kerr served, in addition, on several key Senate committees, most notably the Finance and Public Works committees. He chaired the United States Senate Committee on Aeronautical and Space Sciences from 1961 to his death.
As a petroleum executive, Kerr championed petroleum and natural gas interests and advocated for the conservation of natural resources. His father had told him, "To raise a family, you have to have three things – land, wood and water."
The legislative acumen that Kerr displayed, combined with changes in congressional leadership, had the effect of increasing his importance to John F. Kennedy as an ally for programs on Capitol Hill. On issues of common interest, such as space and taxes, Kerr co-operated with Kennedy to guarantee mutual success; but on areas of disagreement, including Medicare, Kerr stymied the president. In January 1963, the Wall Street Journal summarized the relationship with only some exaggeration: "Mr. Kennedy asked; Mr. Kerr decided."
Death
Kerr suffered a fatal heart attack on January 1, 1963. Shortly after he died, an article written by an Associated Press reporter agreed with the title of The Saturday Evening Post tribute. Both called Kerr "The Uncrowned King of the Senate." He was first buried at Rosehill Cemetery in Oklahoma City, but his body was later moved to the Kerr homestead in Ada, Oklahoma.
Legacy
Kerr's chief legacy for the state of Oklahoma is a series of water projects and dams that made the Arkansas River into a navigable inland waterway system. During his term as governor, Kerr witnessed the devastation caused by flooding of the Arkansas River and its tributaries due to the river's shallowness, which prevented river traffic from reaching Oklahoma. His first bill in Congress created the Arkansas, White and Red River Study Commission, which planned the land and water development in this region. He died before he saw the commission's work come to fruition as the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System, a series of 18 locks and dams making the waterway navigable from the Tulsa Port of Catoosa to the Mississippi River.
Dozens of Oklahoma schools, buildings, roads, streets, parks, organizations, and events are named in Kerr's honor. Most notable is a portion of 2nd Street, between E.K. Gaylord Avenue and Classen Boulevard in downtown Oklahoma City, called Robert S. Kerr Ave. The Carl Albert Center at the University of Oklahoma houses Kerr's papers from his years in the U.S. Senate, his gubernatorial papers and his speeches.
In 1956, Senator Kerr was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame.
Kerr's death contributed to Kennedy's legislative difficulties in 1963, marked the end of the Democratic party's dominance in Oklahoma politics, and signaled the passing of a major figure in the oil industry, but in addition to an estate estimated to be worth at least $35 million, he left a legacy that extended beyond partisan or business affairs. His forceful use of the federal government to spur regional development, an approach shared by contemporaries, including Johnson, helped integrate the South and Southwest into the national economy. The rise of the "Sunbelt" ultimately transformed all aspects of American life. Robert Kerr played a significant role in that transformation.
See also
Bust of Robert S. Kerr
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1950–99)
References
Morgan, Anne Hodges. Robert S. Kerr: The Senate Years (1977).
Salter, J. T. Public Men in and out of Office(1946) ch 25.
External links
Robert S. Kerr Collection and Photograph Collection at the Carl Albert Center
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
American businesspeople in the oil industry
American company founders
Governors of Oklahoma
Democratic Party United States senators from Oklahoma
1896 births
1963 deaths
Kerr-McGee
Democratic Party governors of Oklahoma
East Central University alumni
Oklahoma Baptist University alumni
Oklahoma Democrats
People from Ada, Oklahoma
Candidates in the 1952 United States presidential election
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
Baptists from Oklahoma
Thilothama is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Madhu and Sharada. It has musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Madhu
Sharada
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Jijo
K. R. Vijaya
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Philomina
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Sarysu (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Janatas. It is named after the Sarysu River.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
The Kevin Islands are a cluster of small islands and rocks which lie close to the northern coast of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica, midway between Halpern Point and Coupvent Point. They were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Kevin M. Scott, a member of a geological party from the University of Wisconsin (U.S. Antarctic Research Program), who carried out independent studies in Gerlache Strait, 1961–62.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Trinity Peninsula
The following is a list of the 528 communes of the Calvados department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté urbaine Caen la Mer
Communauté d'agglomération Lisieux Normandie
Communauté de communes de Bayeux Intercom
Communauté de communes Cingal-Suisse Normande
Communauté de communes Cœur Côte Fleurie
Communauté de communes Cœur de Nacre
Communauté de communes Intercom de la Vire au Noireau
Communauté de communes Isigny-Omaha Intercom
Communauté de communes Normandie-Cabourg-Pays d'Auge
Communauté de communes du Pays de Falaise
Communauté de communes du Pays de Honfleur-Beuzeville (partly)
Communauté de communes Pré-Bocage Intercom
Communauté de communes Seulles Terre et Mer
Communauté de communes Terre d'Auge
Communauté de communes Val ès Dunes
Communauté de communes Vallées de l'Orne et de l'Odon
References
Lists of communes of France
The Old Market of Roseau, also known as Old Market Plaza and Dawbiney Market Square, is a market located in Roseau, the capital of the Caribbean island of Dominica. Located behind what is today The Dominica Museum on the seafront, it was a thriving market during colonial times and the square was the place where all the major trading between Dominica and the surrounding islands took place, from commodities to slave trading. Public executions were held here. In 1988, the square was renovated as a craft center with shops, to display Dominica crafts.
Today it contains stalls selling handcrafted jewelry, T-shirts, spices etc.
References
Roseau
History of British Dominica
Retail markets in Dominica
Tourist attractions in Dominica
Ustárroz is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 13.
Geography
Ustárroz is located 14km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
The Silent War: Imperialism and the Changing Perception of Race is a 1998 book by sociologist Frank Furedi. The book gives an account of the changing balance of power between the West and the Third World since the end of the Second World War.
References
Further reading
1998 non-fiction books
Mary Barr Munroe (January 5, 1852 – September 8, 1922) was a Scottish-born American clubwoman and conservationist, based in Miami, Florida. Munroe founded the Coconut Grove Audubon Society and library, and worked for the establishment of a state park that became part of the Everglades National Park.
Early life
Mary Barr was born in Glasgow, the daughter of Robert Barr and Amelia Edith Huddleston Barr. Her mother was a prolific novelist and teacher, born in Lancashire; her father was a wool merchant. She moved to the United States as a baby, and spent her girlhood in Chicago, in Texas, (where her father and brothers died from yellow fever), and in New York.
Career
Munroe moved to Florida with her husband in 1886, becoming one of the "pioneers" of the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami. She was the first elected president of the Woman's Club of Coconut Grove, started the Dade County Federation of Women's Clubs, was active in the Florida Federation of Women's Clubs. She founded the Coconut Grove Audubon Society and was its first president in 1915. She opposed the fashion of using egret feathers in women's hats, and was known to forcibly remove them from hats of other women in her company. She started a boys' club, Bird Defenders, to encourage children to protect Florida birds. She began the book collection that became the Coconut Grove Library in 1895. With Edith Gifford and May Mann Jennings, she proposed the establishment of Royal Palms State Park, which was dedicated in 1916 and became part of the Everglades National Park in 1947.
Munroe wrote about Florida for several national publications, and was the author of Florida Birds are Worth Their Weight in Gold, a pamphlet of the Florida Audubon Society. She corresponded with John Muir. She started an interracial sewing club, and attended services at a nearby black church.
Personal life
Mary Barr married American writer Kirk Munroe (1850–1930) in 1883. She died in 1922, aged 70 years, at "Scrububs", her home in Coconut Grove, Florida. Her grave is in Miami's Caballero Rivero Woodlawn Park cemetery. Her diaries are in the Kirk Munroe Papers at the Library of Congress. The Mary Barr Munroe Society is a women's organization that raises funds for programs benefiting women and girls in Coconut Grove. Munroe's sponge cake recipe was so prized that, a century later, it is still promoted by the Munroe Society at baking events.
References
External links
"Episode 18: Pioneer Days" Story of Miami (May 16, 2020). A podcast episode about the Munroes and their community in Coconut Grove.
"Some Residents of Coconut Grove, Florida", a photograph from the 1880s, in the Florida Memory collection, State Library and Archives of Florida. Mary Barr Munroe is in the photograph, but she "always turned her face from the camera".
1852 births
1922 deaths
Scottish emigrants to the United States
People from Miami
American conservationists
Vindegga Ridge () is a ridge of low peaks extending north from Huldreslottet Mountain, in the south part of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Vindegga (the wind ridge).
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The 1923 Harvard Crimson football team represented Harvard University in the 1923 college football season. In its fifth season under head coach Bob Fisher, Harvard compiled a 4–3–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 75 to 55. Charles Hubbard was the team captain. The team played its home games at Harvard Stadium in Boston.
Schedule
References
Harvard
Harvard Crimson football seasons
Harvard Crimson football
1920s in Boston
The Ankasa Conservation Area is an area in southwestern Ghana, in Ghana's Western Region, about 365 kilometres west of Accra near the border with Côte d'Ivoire. It incorporates the Nini Suhien National Park in the North, and the Ankasa Forest Reserve in the South.
The park is approximately 500 square kilometers, and consists largely of tropical evergreen rainforest. The Ankasa Conservation Area is the only wildlife protected area in Ghana that is located in the wet evergreen tropical high rainforest belt. The Ankasa, Nini, and Suhien Rivers all pass through the park, and are known for their rapids and waterfalls. The forest has the most biological diversity of any in Ghana, with over 800 vascular plant species, 639 butterfly species, and more than 190 bird species. Animal life includes the elephant, bongo, leopard, chimpanzee, Diana monkey, and other primates. Apart from the forest reserve which was selectively logged until 1976, the rest of the protected area is almost intact.
The park includes basic camping facilities with shelters, toilets, and running water along with many facilities for sitting down and having a chat.
External links
Ghana Ministry of Tourism -- official site
Ghana Wildlife Society (Accessed June 2014)
Status of Great Apes in the area
References
Eastern Guinean forests
Protected areas of Ghana
Western Region (Ghana)
is the sixth full-length album by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal, released through VAP on September 22, 2004. The album consists of a non-stop marathon of metal covers of anime ending themes; mainly from the Super Robot series. Some songs were previously recorded as the band's 1997 single Sentimetal.
The album cover by Ken Ishikawa depicts the band trio as Getter Robo-like robots.
Track listing
All tracks are arranged by Animetal.
Personnel
- Lead vocals
Syu - Guitar
Masaki - Bass
with
Katsuji - Drums
Footnotes
References
External links
2004 albums
Animetal albums
Japanese-language albums
Covers albums
Disgorge Mexico is the eighth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It is their second album on Relapse Records from a three-album contract with the label. The instruments were recorded from the 6th to the 17th of August 2007 at Liverpool Court Studios in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The vocals were recorded in November 2007 at Fuck the Facts own home studio (The Tower of Self Medication Studio). The album was mixed and mastered at CB Audio in Winnipeg from December 2007 until March 2008.
An enhanced portion of the CD includes a story accounting the events leading up to the writing of the album. There is also a video, "High Street," which was created by David Hall (who also directed the video for "The Sound of Your Smashed Head") which features music by the band. A studio video and audio journal from the road trip are also included.
A vinyl pressing of the album was set to be released in early 2009 on Coptercrash Records on gold, white and clear vinyl, however, the label had to cancel it because of financial troubles. The album was finally pressed on vinyl and released by Stillborn Records in June 2009. The pressing consisted of 400 copies on white vinyl, and 100 on black.
Track listing
Release history
Personnel
Topon Das – guitar, bass, noise, engineer (vocals)
Mélanie Mongeon – vocals, artwork
Mathieu Vilandré – drums, guitar, bass
Craig Boychuk – producer, engineer (instruments), mixing, mastering
Fuck the Facts – producer
Writing process
Following the final tour for their last album Stigmata High-Five, Fuck the Facts parted ways with their bass player Steve Chartier. A few weeks later, Topon and Vil drove a van on a two-week trip to Mexico and back to write the new album. They took a variety of demo and rehearsal tapes with them that they had gathered over the years, and would use rehearsal space along the way at friends' places or garages to piece together the album. Upon returning to Canada, they spent a few more weeks fine-tuning the material they had come up with, and then brought it to the studio.
Release
The album was first mentioned by the band in the late summer and early fall of 2007. During the recording process (the fall of 2007), little was mentioned on the album's progress; additionally, the band did not have any live shows scheduled. On April 24, 2008, the album was officially announced via the band's official website and Myspace website, with some words on the process of making the album.
On June 21, following a tour of Western Canada with Neuraxis and Gross Misconduct, Fuck the Facts posted two songs from the new album ("Absence and Despite" and "The Storm") on their Myspace page. On June 30 a third song, "Apathy Is a Karma Killer," was posted. Following that, the band streamed one song a day (in the order found on the album) from July 7 until July 21. Following the release of the album, the band performed a free CD release party in their hometown of Hull, Quebec at Le Petit Chicago. They performed Disgorge Mexico in its entirety from start to finish. This performance was later released on Disgorge Mexico: The DVD.
References
Fuck the Facts albums
2008 albums
Relapse Records albums
Doğancı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1219 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
is a private university in Takahashi, Okayama, Japan, established in 1990.
External links
Official website
Official Website ( English )
http://kiui.jp/pc/english/index.html
Educational institutions established in 1990
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
Kansai Collegiate American Football League
1990 establishments in Japan
Joseph Patrick Wendle (born April 26, 1990) is an American professional baseball second baseman for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played for the Oakland Athletics from 2016 to 2017 and for the Tampa Bay Rays from 2018 to 2021. He is one of the few MLB players to not use batting gloves.
Early life
Wendle was born in Wilmington, Delaware on April 26, 1990. He attended Avon Grove High School in West Grove, Pennsylvania, and West Chester University of Pennsylvania. Wendle played travel baseball for the Chester County Crawdads.
Wendle was a four-year starter for the West Chester Golden Rams baseball team, where he compiled a .366 career batting average with 23 home runs and 185 runs batted in (RBIs). During his senior season, Wendle hit .399 with 12 home runs and 59 RBI as the Golden Rams went on to win the 2012 NCAA Division II Baseball Tournament.
Professional career
Minor Leagues
The Cleveland Indians selected Wendle in the sixth round of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft. He made his professional debut with the Mahoning Valley Scrappers of the Class A-Short Season New York-Penn League. In 61 games he hit .327/.375/.469 with four home runs and 37 (RBIs).
Wendle played the 2013 season with the Carolina Mudcats of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League. He hit .295/.372/.513 with 16 home runs and 64 RBIs over 107 games. He won the Lou Boudreau Award as the Indians minor league player of the year. He started the 2014 season with the Akron RubberDucks of the Class AA Eastern League.
Oakland Athletics
On December 8, 2014, the Indians traded Wendle to the Oakland Athletics for Brandon Moss. On April 21, 2015, Wendle (as a member of Oakland's Triple-A affiliate, the Nashville Sounds) hit the first home run in the history of First Tennessee Park. The Athletics added him to their 40-man roster after the season.
Wendle began the 2016 season with Nashville. The Athletics promoted Wendle to the major leagues on August 31, 2016. He made his major league debut that day. Over the next season and a half, Wendle would appear in 36 games for the Athletics, collecting 29 hits in 109 at bats. Following the conclusion of the 2017 season, Wendle was designated for assignment on December 7, 2017.
Tampa Bay Rays
On December 11, 2017, the Athletics traded Wendle to the Tampa Bay Rays for catcher Jonah Heim. Wendle entered spring training in 2018 competing for the starting second baseman job with Micah Johnson and Daniel Robertson. After hitting .327 in 52 spring training at bats, Rays manager Kevin Cash announced Wendle had made the team's Opening Day roster to platoon at second base with Robertson.
Wendle ended the season leading all rookies in wins above replacement (4.3), batting average (.300), on-base percentage (.350), and triples (6), as well as placing second in hits (146), doubles (33), and runs (62). Wendle was the first Rays player since 2011 to hit .300, and the first rookie to ever reach that mark. He tied for the major league lead in sacrifice flies (10). At the conclusion of the season, Wendle was unanimously chosen as the Rays Outstanding Rookie award for the 2018 season and finished fourth in the American League Rookie of the Year award.
Wendle began the 2019 season starting at second base with the intention of playing nearly every day. However, on March 31, Wendle injured his hamstring tagging out Jake Marisnick attempting to steal second base and was placed on the 10-day injured list. He was activated 3 weeks later. He was placed back on the disabled list on April 24 due to a fracture in his right wrist by a hit by pitch. Overall, Wendle ended the season playing in just 75 games. Wendle appeared in 5 postseason games, recording 2 hits in 10 at bats as the Rays were eliminated In the ALDS in five games by the Houston Astros.
In 2020, Wendle started 50 games for the Rays despite being considered a back-up player. His defensive versatility allowed him to give fellow teammates Willy Adames and Brandon Lowe games off, while platooning at third base with Yandy Diaz. For the season, Wendle hit .286 with 4 home runs and 17 RBI as the Rays clinched their first division title in ten years. In the ALDS against the Yankees, Wendle hit .353 as the Rays beat the Yankees in 5 games. Against the Houston Astros in the ALCS, Wendle garnered attention for his stellar defense at third base. Houston Astros manager Dusty Baker went as far to compare his play to Brooks Robinson. The Rays would go on to beat the Astros in 7 games.
Wendle was named to the 2021 All-Star Game as a reserve on July 9, 2021. He singled in his only plate appearance.
Miami Marlins
On November 30, 2021, Tampa Bay traded Wendle to the Miami Marlins in exchange for Kameron Misner.
References
External links
West Chester Golden Rams bio
1990 births
Living people
American League All-Stars
Baseball players from Wilmington, Delaware
Major League Baseball second basemen
Oakland Athletics players
Tampa Bay Rays players
Miami Marlins players
West Chester Golden Rams baseball players
Mahoning Valley Scrappers players
Carolina Mudcats players
Akron RubberDucks players
Surprise Saguaros players
Arizona League Indians players
Nashville Sounds players
Yaquis de Obregón players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
George Long may refer to:
George Long (bishop) (1874–1930), Anglican bishop and brigadier general in the Australian Army
George Long (footballer) (born 1993), English football goalkeeper
George Long (scholar) (1800–1879), English classical scholar
George R. Long, convicted murderer of Lucina C. Broadwell
George S. Long (1883–1958), U.S. representative from Louisiana
George Attmore Long (1911–1999), American lawyer and politician from North Carolina
Jorge Maya Dodera (born 5 May 1944) is a Uruguayan basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Uruguayan men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Uruguay
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Mars monolith is a rectangular object (possibly a boulder) discovered on the surface of Mars. It is located near the bottom of a cliff, from which it likely fell. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter took pictures of it from orbit, roughly 180 miles (300 km) away. The HiRISE camera that was used to photograph the monolith has a resolution of approximately 1 foot or 30 centimeters per pixel.
Around the same time, the Phobos monolith made international news.
See also
List of rocks on Mars
Mineralogy of Mars
Phobos monolith, boulder on Martian moon
References
External links
Boulders and Layers in Canyon - NASA
HRSC - ESA (overview of HiRISE image region by Mars Express)
HiRISE image of area
Rocks on Mars
Natural monoliths
The 1994 Los Angeles Raiders season was the franchise's 35th season overall, and the franchise's 25th season in the National Football League. They failed to improve on their 10–6 record from 1993 and missed the playoffs for the second time in three years. The Raiders would return to their original home in Oakland the following season.
Offseason
NFL draft
Staff
Roster
Regular season
Schedule
Standings
Season summary
Week 3
Week 10
Starting QBs=Jeff Hostetler - Los Angeles Raiders vs Joe Montana - Kansas City Chiefs
Week 11
The final meeting between the two teams with both franchises in Los Angeles.
References
External links
1994 Los Angeles Raiders at Pro-Football-Reference.com
Los Angeles Raiders
1994
Los
Madzharovo ( , formerly Dupnitsa) is a small Bulgarian town in the Eastern Rhodopes, part of Haskovo Province, situated on the banks of the river Arda. It has only 590 population, as of December 2009, making it one of the smallest in the country. The town is the administrative centre of the homonymous Madzharovo Municipality.
Madzharovo is where the only vulture reserve in Bulgaria is located, with three species inhabiting the area.
The town was named after the Thracian Bulgarian revolutionary Dimitar Madzharov (1882–1949). Its name before 1912 was Yatadzhik ( which was "small bed" in Turkish).
Madzharovo Point on Anvers Island in Antarctica is named after Madzharovo.
Notes
Towns in Bulgaria
Cities and towns in the Rhodopes
Populated places in Haskovo Province
Philip Bainbridge, born on 16 April 1958 at Sneyd Green, Stoke-on-Trent, is a retired first-class cricketer who played for Gloucestershire and Durham.
A right-handed middle order batsman and a right-arm medium pace bowler, Bainbridge was a member of the Gloucestershire team throughout the 1980s, batting at number 5 or 6, and bowling medium pace seamers.
Bainbridge came into the Gloucestershire side in 1977, whilst studying to be a Teacher at Borough Road College, Isleworth and won a regular place in 1981. In that season, he passed 1,000 runs for the first time at an average of over 40 runs per innings and made the first of what would be 24 first-class centuries. He passed 1,000 runs in each of the next three seasons, but in 1985, he was moved up the batting order to No 4 and his batting moved up a notch. He made 1,644 runs at an average of more than 56 runs per innings as Gloucestershire rose from the bottom of the County Championship table to challenge for the title. Bainbridge was named as a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1986, but he had a less successful season and talk of him as a potential Test player subsided.
After four more years, Bainbridge retired from Gloucestershire after the 1990 season to go into business, and became involved in the marketing side of the development of Durham as a first-class county. Having missed the entire 1991 season, he played in most of Durham's first-class games in their two inaugural seasons and he topped both batting and bowling averages in 1993. He was then made captain for 1994, and the side finished 16th, the first time it had not been bottom in the County Championship. But Bainbridge's own form suffered, and he was replaced as captain for 1995 and retired finally from first-class cricket the following year.
As Durham captain Bainbridge inadvertently contributed to a piece of cricketing history in June 1994. As a match against Warwickshire at Birmingham entered its last day, lost time meant that the match was still in its first innings, Brian Lara at the crease for Warwickshire, and no result was likely without declarations agreed between Bainbridge and the home side's captain Dermot Reeve. "The presence of Lara allied to the excellent pitch gave Durham skipper Phil Bainbridge little incentive to enter into any negotiations, and so Warwickshire batted on", and by the end of the day Lara had racked up 501, the highest ever first-class individual score.
References
1958 births
Living people
Durham cricket captains
Durham cricketers
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
People from Sneyd Green
Cricketers from Stoke-on-Trent
Wisden Cricketers of the Year
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
People educated at Hanley High School
South Carolina Highway 324 (SC 324) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects York with the Rock Hill area.
Route description
SC 324 begins at an intersection with SC 5 Business (SC 5 Bus.) and SC 161 Bus. (East Liberty Street) in York, York County. It passes Harold C. Johnson Elementary School before leaving the city limits. The highway travels in a fairly southeasterly direction. It intersects SC 322 (McConnells Highway). Farther along, ti crosses over Stony Fork. SC 324 continues traveling through rural areas of the county and crosses some railroad tracks before meeting its eastern terminus, an intersection with SC 72/SC 121 (Saluda Road).
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 324 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
324
Transportation in York County, South Carolina
Weldon Nelson Rogers (30 October 1927 Marietta, Oklahoma – 13 September 2004, Perryton, Texas) was an American songwriter, singer of country and rockabilly, radio disc jockey, and record producer. He co-founded Je–Wel Records with Jean Oliver ( Bobbie Jean Oliver; 1939–2008) to produce, as Je-Wel's first record, the first record for The Teen Kings in 1956. Oliver's father, Chester Oliver ( Chester Calvin Oliver; 1907–2000), an oil and gas industry lease pumper, provided financial backing for the Je–Wel label.
Teen Kings
The members of The Teen Kings were:
Roy Orbison (1936–1988) – vocals, guitar
Jack Kennelly (1937–2009) – upright bass
Peanuts Wilson (1935–1980) – rhythm guitar
James Emitt Morrow (1936–2020) – electric mandolin (played through an Echoplex)
Billy Pat Ellis – drums
The Teen Kings first record (and Orbison's first recording) was:
Je-Wel 101
Side A: "Trying to Get You", by Charles Singleton and Rose Marie McCoy
Side B: "Ooby Dooby", by Wade Moore and Dick Penner
Selected discography
Original releases
Re-releases
Weldon Rogers, Tryin' To Get To You, Bear Family Records, (January 26, 1998) (CD)
Track Song
"So Long, Good Luck, Goodbye"
"Trying To Get To You"
"Sale of Broken Hearts"
"My Only Love"
"Please Return My Broken Heart"
"I'm Building a ???" ("On the Moon")
"Dim Lights, Thick Smoke" ("and Loud, Loud Music")
"For Always, Yes Forever"
"Everybody Wants You"
"I Still Want You"
"I'm Gonna Be Around"
"If I Had One Day to Live"
"Lying Lips and a Cheatin' Heart"
"You Made Me Love You"
"Talk Of The Town"
"That Was in the Deal"
"Bright Lights"
"This Song Is Just For You"
"Back Door of Heaven"
"Cimarron"
"As Long As You Are Mine"
"Living With a Heartache"
"Our Rendezvous"
"I'm Gonna Love Again"
"I Lost the Moon"
"I Haven't Seen Myself in Years"
"Mr. Mountain Lion"
"I've Got the Yearning"
"Would You Still Want Me"
Re-releases via MP3 downloads
<li> Doo Wop Finders Keepers. Vol. 3
Label: Ling Music Group (May 27, 2011)
<li> "Tryin' to Get to You"
The Ultimate 50's Rockin' Sci-Fi Disc
The Viper Label (October 12, 2009)
"I'm Building a ???" ("On the Moon")
Compositions recorded by other artists
Rogers' composition, "So Long, Good Luck and Goodbye", was recorded by Bob Dylan.
Compositions
"So Long, Good Luck, and Goodbye", w & m Weldon Rogers (©1957)
"Sale of Broken Hearts", w & m Weldon Rogers (©1957)
"Lying Lips and Cheating Heart", w & m Weldon Rogers (©1960)
"If I Had One Day to Live", w & m Weldon Rogers (©1960)
"I've Got the Yearning", w Wanda Rogers, m Weldon Rogers (©1961)
"As Long as You Are Mine", w Weldon Rogers, m Wanda Rogers (©1962)
"Heaven in Your Arms", w Wanda Rogers, m Weldon Rogers (©1963)
"I'm Hanging Up the Phone", w Wanda Rogers, m Weldon Rogers (©1963)
"Longest Night", w Weldon Rogers, m Wanda Rogers (©1965)
"Two Empty Glasses", w Wanda Rogers, m Weldon Rogers (©1965)
"Longest Night", w Weldon Rogers, m Wanda Rogers (©1965)
"Old Memories Keep Returning", w & m Weldon Rogers (©1965)
"That Was in the Deal", by Weldon Rogers (©1966; ©1980)
"I Haven't Seen Myself in Years" (©1968)
"Would You Still Want Me?" (©1968)
"Mr. Mountain Lion" (©1968)
"Our Rendezvous" (©1969)
"How Times Have Changed" (©1971)
"I Lost the Moon" (©1972)
"I'm Gonna Love Again" (©1972)
"Bad Boy Slippin' Out of Me" (©2008)
Family
Weldon was one of five children born to Otto Brigamyer Rogers (1903–1966) and Sadie Josephine Clifton ( 1908–1997) who were farmers. Weldon Rogers – on February 27, 1959, in Tijuana, Mexico – married singer and songwriter Wanda Faye Rogers (; 1929–1910). Both of them had been married before. They divorced October 2, 1967, in Jackson County, Oregon.
Weldon Nelson Rogers died September 13, 2004, in Perryton, Texas, and is buried in the Ochiltree Cemetery, Perryton, Texas.
Bibliography
Annotations
Notes
References
. . .
<li> "Wilson, Johnny Ancil (Peanuts)". p. 547.
. .
.
.
(author bio: "Tony Wilkinson Obituary", 2013, by John Howard, UK ROCK Magazine).
External links
Weldon Rogers biography
Peanuts Wilson biography
Nelson Rogers' website (Weldon and Faye's son)
Wanda Faye's biography
Billie Jean Oliver's obituary
Weldon Rogers & Wanda Faye bio, courtesy of , c/o David G. Sichak, Modesto, California
1927 births
2004 deaths
Record producers from Oklahoma
Record producers from Texas
American country singers
American country songwriters
Songwriters from Texas
People from Marietta, Oklahoma
20th-century American musicians
Songwriters from Oklahoma
20th-century American singers
Country musicians from Texas
Country musicians from Oklahoma
Christo Grozev (; born 20 May 1969) is a Bulgarian investigative journalist and author. He is the lead Russia investigator with Bellingcat, focusing on security threats, extraterritorial clandestine operations, and the weaponization of information. His investigations into the identity of the suspects involved in the 2018 poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal earned him and his team the European Press Prize for Investigative Journalism.
Early life
Grozev was born in Plovdiv on 20 May 1969. Between 1984 and 1988, he attended Plovdiv's English Language High School. In 1995, he graduated from the American University in Bulgaria with a Bachelor of Arts degree in "Mass Communication and Media Studies". He later received an Executive MBA, a Master of Law and Economics and a Master of Laws from Imadec Executive Education, specializing in Finance, Law, Economics and International Law.
Career
Grozev started to work as a journalist for a newspaper when he was 17; later on he worked as a radio reporter during the socialist period in Bulgaria. Since 1988 he has been a radio reporter in Plovdiv. In 1991 he was one of the founders and CEO of Bulgaria's first commercial radio station – Aura – which was affiliated with the American University in Bulgaria. In 1994 he was hired by the American company Metromedia to work with its Russian assets. He launched Radio Nika in Sochi, Channel Melodia and Eldoradio in Saint Petersburg and dozens of radio stations in the Baltic countries, Finland, Bulgaria, and Hungary. He was appointed Metromedia's Regional Director and Vice President of Radio in 1997.
In 2000, Grozev became CEO of the Radio Division of Metromedia, supervising the operations and growth of over 30 radio stations in 11 countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Northern Europe, Russia, and the CIS. When Metromedia left the radio business in 2003, Grozev bought Russian radio (RBMH Broadcast Media Holdings) assets from it; in 2006, he sold them to the French company Lagardère Group. Grozev also served a director of the Irish company Communicorp, which acquired its other broadcasting assets from Metromedia (2005-2007). He supervised the integration of Metromedia's European radio group into Communicorp, and was in charge of the company's further expansion in existing and new markets, such as Ukraine and Latvia.
After 2006, Grozev acted as an investor in various media assets, mainly in the Netherlands and Bulgaria. In 2006, his company RadioCorp B.V. received a broadcasting license in the Netherlands to create a radio station focusing on national music. Radiocorp operates two national radio stations (100% NL and Radio 10 (Netherlands)), and one national music TV station (100% NL TV). Grozev also owns a news television channel and several newspapers in Bulgaria. In 2007, he became a co-founder and partner at Altelys Investments, a platform focusing primarily on media and telecoms investments in Eastern and Central Europe. Altelys currently operates a national radio station in Ukraine and owns stake in print media in Bulgaria, and owns a real estate services business based in Austria.
Since 2016, Grozev is a Supervisory Board Member at Talpa Radio Holding. Radio NewCo operates four of the leading commercial national radio stations in the Netherlands: Radio 538, Sky Radio, Radio 10 (Netherlands) and Radio Veronica (Talpa Radio). The group is also a majority shareholder in One Media Sales, the Netherlands' leading radio sales house.
Bellingcat
Grozev joined Bellingcat in 2015 as an investigative reporter. Grozev is known for using open-source, social media, and other available data for investigations. He has authored investigations identifying, among others, two senior Russian officers linked to the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in 2014, GRU officers involved with the 2016 Montenegrin coup plot, the three suspects of the poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in 2018 and the poisoning of Alexei Navalny in 2020.
In 2019, Grozev and his team won the European Press Prize Investigative Reporting Award for "Unmasking the Salisbury Poisoning Suspects: A Four-Part Investigation", in which they identified the perpetrators of the poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal.
References
External links
List of Christo Grozev articles
Bellingcat
Christo Grozev Twitter
Bulgarian journalists
1969 births
Living people
European Press Prize winners
Media executives
Citizen journalism
Open-source intelligence
Abdool Raouf Bundhun (born 14 January 1937) who served as the third vice president of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007. He was elected by National Assembly of Mauritius on 25 February 2002 for a term of five years. Prior to assuming office he had been Mauritius' ambassador to France. He has also been the member of National Assembly of Mauritius for two terms; from 1967 to 1976 and 1995 to 2000. From 1969 to 1975 he had been the Minister for youth and sports and appointed parliamentary secretary by Seewoosagur Ramgoolam in 1969. In 1976 he became the minister of energy of Mauritius. He has chaired the Development Works Corporation.
Family
In 1866 his grandfather Bundhun and grandmother Rajbasiya came to Mauritius from Nauli Village, District Ghazipur, India and settled there. During March 2018, He went to Nauli to see the village of his great grandfather.
Career
His first profession was that of a civil servant but he resigned to join politics. Bundhun had served as a public assistant officer in 1976. He received his education in Paris, London and Mauritius. He had been the municipal councilor of Port-Louis in 1969 and mayor of Quatre-Bornes, served Assembly of French-Speaking Parliamentarians as the member of its executive committee from 1971 to 1976. He headed the Mauritian delegation which participated in Commonwealth Parliamentary Association General Assembly of India in 1975 and member of the delegation which participated in Summit of the Organisation of Africa Unity in 1976. In 2010 his biography On the Wings of Destiny: A. Raouf Bundhun, written by Bhisma Dev Seebaluck was published.
Awards
The French government decorated him with the Officier de l'Ordre du Mérite and Officier de l'Ordre de la Francophonie. The Indian government honoured him with the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman Award in 2006.
Bibliography
References
External links
Profile at Overseas Indian
1937 births
Living people
Mauritian Muslims
Vice-presidents of Mauritius
Ambassadors of Mauritius to France
Mauritian politicians of Indian descent
People from Rivière du Rempart District
Grand Officers of the Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean
Recipients of Pravasi Bharatiya Samman
The Immaculate Conception Parish Church, also referred to as Shrine of the Immaculate Conception, Santuario de la Inmaculada Concepcion or Concepcion Church, is a late 19th-century, Baroque church located at Brgy. San Nicolas Poblacion, Concepcion, Tarlac, Philippines. The parish church, under the aegis of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception, is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarlac.
Parish Origin
History suggests two origins for the town of Concepcion. First, Concepcion was already an established parish separate from its matrix in Magalang, Pampanga on August 9, 1866. The second story is that it was created in 1860 from the following barrios of Magalang: Matondo, Maycanalo, San martin, Bucsit, San Juan and Garlit.
Architecture
The stone and brick convent was said to have been erected by Father Guillermo Masnou in 1880 while the present-day church was built by Father Fernando Vasquez in 1893. Its facade was described as being identical to that of the pre-war church of Tarlac. It is predominantly Neo-Romanesque in design with the presence of the recessed arch on the central part of the facade (marred by the concrete porte cochere). The facade is bare of ornamentation save for several circular and semi-circular arched windows. Two, three-tiered, bell towers rise on both sides of the facades.
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches in Tarlac
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1893
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
Baroque architecture in the Philippines
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Philippines
Tarry Park, formerly known as Juliett and Red Cross Park, is an unincorporated community in Marion Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Tarry Park was platted in 1850 as Juliett. The post office in Tarry Park, under the name of "Yocky", was established on January 20, 1880, and closed on November 16, 1886. At one point, it was also known as "Red Cross Park", because of Joseph Gardner donating near the area to the International Red Cross Society. The present name of this place is for Gardner's home.
Geography
Tarry Park is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Osonica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 790 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
was an amusement park located in the Niko Tamagawa Park in Tokyo, Japan. The park was constructed by Namco on February 29, 1992, and is the first amusement park operated by a video game company. The park was renovated in 1996 as Wonder Eggs 2 and later in 1999 as Wonder Eggs 3. The park was closed permanently on December 31, 2000 and demolished a year later. The park featured a large carousal, several dark rides, and game centers with a comical theme, as well as a special version of the arcade game Galaxian 3 that seated 28 players.
The Wonder Eggs was built off of leased land and intended to last for five years, however, the park's popularity allowed Namco to continue operating it for many more years. Namco created the park out of its interest in designing a Disneyland-inspired theme park that featured the same kind of stories and characters present in its games. Wonder Eggs saw regularly high attendance numbers; 500,000 visitors attended in its first few months of operation and over one million by the end of the year. By the park's closing, it had amassed six million visitors. Wonder Eggs contributed to Namco's 34% increase in revenue by December 1992.
Notes
References
Amusement parks in Japan
Defunct amusement parks in Japan
Namco
Yuriy Kolobov ( (born 8 April 1973 in Pavlohrad, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine (at that time part of the Soviet Union) is a former Minister of Finance of Ukraine.
Biography
Kolobov graduated from Dnipro State Academy of Civil Engineering and Architecture and the University of Kharkiv.
He has worked as a director of treasury for the State Savings Bank of Ukraine (OshchadBank) until June 2008. From June to December 2008 Kolobov was chairman of the board for the BTA Bank. He also worked as a counselor on banking issues for the Finance Company Kibrit. In 2010 Kolobov was a leading executive for the State Export-Import Bank of Ukraine (UkrExImBank).
From December 29, 2010, he was appointed the first deputy of the chairman of the National Bank of Ukraine.
On February 28, 2012 (by decree of President Viktor Yanukovych) he was appointed Minister of Finance.
On 25 September 2014 Ukraine opened a criminal probe into Kolobov; he is accused of illegally transferring a $450,000 fee to Russia's state-run VTB Capital as a kickback for the 17 December 2013 Ukrainian–Russian action plan. Five days later a criminal probe into Kolobov was opened for embezzling Ukrtelekom.
Since 3 July 2014 Kolobov is in the international wanted list for abuse of power.
Russian prosecutors refuse to extradite Kolobov to Ukraine and (according to Ukraine falsely) state that they have not received such a request from Ukraine.
According to the interior ministry of Ukraine, Kolobov was arrested on 4. March 2015 in a flat located in the luxury development "Altea Hills" near the Spanish town of Valencia.
After hearings the Spanish court concluded that Kolobov was innocent and the case was politically motivated . The Spanish police announced that the Kolobov case is politically motivated
Hobby
Kolobov likes playing basketball. He was promoting Ukraine to host EuroBasket 2015 when he was a Minister of finance.
In May 2016 Kolobov was appointed a chairman of the Tutorial Council of the Ukrainian Basketball Federation.
In May 2016 ex-minister incurred expenses for Ukraine national under-15 basketball team who participated in championship hosted by Spain.
Furthermore, Kolobov was called up for Ukraine veterans basketball team.
References
External links
Government of Mykola Azarov
1973 births
Finance ministers of Ukraine
Fugitives
Fugitives wanted by Ukraine
Living people
National University of Kharkiv alumni
People from Pavlohrad
Ukrainian billionaires
Ukrainian economists
Cyril Partridge (2 August 1896 – 23 February 1945) was an English cricketer. Partridge was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Higham Ferrers, Northamptonshire.
Partridge made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Lancashire at Old Trafford in the 1921 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings he was dismissed for a single run by Dick Tyldesley, while in their second-innings he was dismissed by Harry Dean for a duck.
He died at Shillington, Bedfordshire on 23 February 1945.
References
External links
Cyril Partridge at ESPNcricinfo
Cyril Partridge at CricketArchive
1896 births
1945 deaths
People from Higham Ferrers
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Loam (in geology and soil science) is soil composed mostly of sand (particle size > ), silt (particle size > ), and a smaller amount of clay (particle size < ). By weight, its mineral composition is about 40–40–20% concentration of sand–silt–clay, respectively. These proportions can vary to a degree, however, and result in different types of loam soils: sandy loam, silty loam, clay loam, sandy clay loam, silty clay loam, and loam.
In the United States Department of Agriculture, textural classification triangle, the only soil that is not predominantly sand, silt, or clay is called "loam". Loam soils generally contain more nutrients, moisture, and humus than sandy soils, have better drainage and infiltration of water and air than silt- and clay-rich soils, and are easier to till than clay soils. In fact, the primary definition of loam in most dictionaries is soils containing humus (organic content) with no mention of particle size or texture, and this definition is used by many gardeners. The different types of loam soils each have slightly different characteristics, with some draining liquids more efficiently than others. The soil's texture, especially its ability to retain nutrients and water, are crucial. Loam soil is suitable for growing most plant varieties.
Bricks made of loam, mud, sand, and water, with an added binding material such as rice husks or straw, have been used in construction since ancient times.
Classifications
Loam soils can be classified into more specific subtypes. Some examples are sandy loam, silt loam, clay loam, and silty clay loam. Different soil phases have some variation in characteristics like stoniness and erosion that are too minor to affect native vegetative growth but can be significant for crop cultivation.
Use in farming
Loam is considered ideal for gardening and agricultural uses because it retains nutrients well and retains water while still allowing excess water to drain away. A soil dominated by one or two of the three particle size groups can behave like loam if it has a strong granular structure, promoted by a high content of organic matter. However, a soil that meets the textural (geological) definition of loam can lose its characteristic desirable qualities when it is compacted, depleted of organic matter, or has clay dispersed throughout its fine-earth fraction.
For example, pea can be cultivated in sandy loam and clay loam soils, but not more compacted sandy soils.
Use in house construction
Loam (the high-humus definition, not the soil texture definition) may be used for the construction of houses, for example in loam post and beam construction. Building crews can build a layer of loam on the inside of walls, which can help to control air humidity. Loam, combined with straw, can be used as rough construction material to build walls. This is one of the oldest technologies for house construction in the world. Within this there are two broad methods: the use of rammed earth, or unfired bricks (adobe).
See also
References
External links
Types of soil
Soil
St. Peter's Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Episcopal church building located at 14590 Solomons Island Road, South, in Solomons, Calvert County, Maryland. Built in 1889, it features the steep roof, lancet windows and board and batten siding typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. In 1900 it joined with Middleham Chapel to form Middleham and St. Peter's Episcopal Parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland. St. Peter's Chapel is still in use today. The parish's current rector is the Rev. David Showers.
References
External links
Middleham and St. Peter's Episcopal Parish official website
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Maryland
Churches completed in 1889
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
Episcopal church buildings in Maryland
Churches in Calvert County, Maryland
Churches in Solomons, Maryland
Chapels in the United States
N'guigmi is a city and Commune of fifteen thousand in the easternmost part of Niger, very near to Lake Chad – lying on its shore until the lake retreated. It is a crossroads for the traditional camel caravans of the Toureg and for traders plying North and South across the Sahara.
Overview
N'guigmi is a military centre for the region, a centre for the salt trade from Kaourar and is the last stop on the road to Chad. It is "the end of the road" and marks the end of the paved section of the Nigerien Route Nationale 1, although the sections past Diffa are notorious for their poor condition. Two unpaved highways or caravan routes connect to N'guigmi from the north, providing the main road route between Chad and Niger, and one of two land routes to the Kaourar Oasis town of Bilma.
The town lies at the mouth of the Dilia Bosso, an ancient river valley and seasonal wash that runs from the Termit Massif over 200 km to the northwest to what was the shore of Lake Chad as recently as the mid 20th century. The town was then a centre of Kanuri fishing communities. By the 2000s, even during the rainy season, the nearest access to water was at the village of Doro (a Beri-beri name for "Fishing port") 45 km southwest of N'guigmi. During the Sahel drought of the mid-1970s the shore was 85 km away from N'guigmi in Chad.
The town is the seat of the Department of N'guigmi, one of three in Diffa Region, which includes the entire north of the Region. N'guigmi is home to a large settlement of Kanuri people, as well as settled members of the traditionally pastoral Wodaabe-Fulani and Daza/Toubou ethnic groups.
References
Communes of Niger
Lake Chad
Robert Jewell Withers (1824–1894) was an English ecclesiastical architect.
Early life
Robert Jewell Withers was born on 2 February 1824 in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, England. His father was John Alexander Withers and his mother, Maria Jewell. He had a brother, Frederick Clarke Withers, who also became an architect and worked in America.
Career
Withers began his career as an architect in Sherborne, Dorset, in 1848. By 1850, he moved his practice to London. Withers became a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1873.
Selected works
1863–1865: St Dogfael, Meline – rebuilding
1864–1866: St David's, Henfynyw – rebuilding
1876: St James, Norlands, Holland Park – addition of chancel and vestries to the 1845 building designed by Lewis Vulliamy
1879: St James, Avebury – chancel largely rebuilt
Personal life
Withers married Catherine Vaux on 20 April 1854 at the parish church in Croydon. They had four sons and five daughters. He was an organist at St John's Church, Kennington.
Withers died on 7 October 1894 in London.
References
1824 births
1894 deaths
People from Somerset
English ecclesiastical architects
"This Night" is a song performed by female English dance music duo Booty Luv. They debuted off a video for the song in late October 2011. The song was then released seven months later as a promotional single on 24 May 2012 through recording label Industry Sound.
Background
"This Night" was written and produced by Ian Green and co-produced by Richard D. Pierce. The music video for "This Night" was first uploaded on 31 October, and is directed by Moonrunners.
References
External links
2011 songs
2011 singles
Booty Luv songs
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Marsabit () is a diocese located in the city of Marsabit in the Ecclesiastical province of Nyeri in Kenya.
History
November 25, 1964: Established as Diocese of Marsabit from Diocese of Nyeri
Leadership
Bishops of Marsabit (Roman rite)
Bishop Carlo Maria Cavallera, I.M.C. (25 Nov 1964 – 1981)
Bishop Ambrogio Ravasi, I.M.C. (19 Jun 1981 – 25 Nov 2006)
Bishop Peter Kihara Kariuki, I.M.C. (since 25 Nov 2006)
See also
Roman Catholicism in Kenya
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Marsabit County
Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya
Christian organizations established in 1964
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Nyeri
Ray "Pinky" Velazquez (born May 28, 1955) is a Latin-American sound producer, mixer, and remixer. Velazquez is the co-founder of Legends of Vinyl and is known for tracks including South Central, Disco Not Disco 2, Twilight 22, and Savage Lover. He was the A&R man and disco consultant for the Vanguard Records dance music department.
He was the club spinner for the Ipanema Discotheque in the 1970s. Velazquez was also a member of New York City's Rockpool and was the first DJ to win an award for programming progressive in alternative rock at WCCR AM RADIO of the City College New York, New York City.
Early life and career
Ray was born in Arecibo, Puerto Rico and was raised in NY City. From 1979 to 1984 Velazquez was the A&R man and "Disco consultant" for Vanguard. In 1979 Ray was brought on board to help promote and scout for talent. Ray Pinky Velazquez was a popular Billboard magazine club spinner (disc Jockey) known for his tenure with the popular Brazilian nightclub the Ipanema Discotheque and also worked for the nightclub "Cartune Alley". He introduced and produced Spectrum City who later became Public Enemy. Their initial debut single "Lies" backed with "Check Out The Radio" highlighted "Check out the Radio" was a featured track in the 1992 Oliver Stone film titled "South Central". Ray founded and coordinated with Stevie Wonder protege producer Gordon Bahary as both Executive producer and mixer for Twilight 22. "Electric Kingdom"was the group's initial release on Vanguard records. The song peaked at #7 on US R&B Charts. Mr Velazquez mixed Fonda Rae and "Over Like A Fat Rat". The hit track reached #75 on the U,S r&b charts and #22 on the U.S. club charts. Carol Williams and "Cant Get Away (From your Love") reached #38 on the U.S. club charts and received significant R&B radio play in the U.S. The hit track was mixed by Mr. Velazquez. During the 1980 's D.O.R ( dance oriented rock) invasion Ray "Pinky" started Flip records, a division of the parent Vanguard records.
Discography
Remix
Production
Technical
Sources:
References
Living people
1955 births
20th-century American people
American audio engineers
Stergios Paraskevas (; born 11 February 2001) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Super League 2 club Almopos Aridea.
References
2001 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Association football fullbacks
Footballers from Drama, Greece
Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit (, paperback ) is a 1992 book written by Al Gore, published in June 1992, shortly before he was elected Vice President in the 1992 presidential election. Known by the short title Earth in the Balance, the book explains the world's ecological predicament and describes a range of policies to deal with the most pressing problems. It includes a proposed "Global Marshall Plan" to address current ecological issues.
Written while his son was recovering from a serious accident, Earth in the Balance became the first book written by a sitting U.S. Senator to make the New York Times bestseller list since John F. Kennedy's 1956 Profiles in Courage.
In 1993, Earth in the Balance was released in paperback and audiobook format on audio cassette tape.
It received the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights 1993 Book award given annually to a book that "most faithfully and forcefully reflects Robert Kennedy's purposes - his concern for the poor and the powerless, his struggle for honest and even-handed justice, his conviction that a decent society must assure all young people a fair chance, and his faith that a free democracy can act to remedy disparities of power and opportunity."
The book was followed by An Inconvenient Truth, a book that was the companion for a movie
narrated by Al Gore, shown at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and released on 24 May 2006.
In the 2002 Futurama episode "Crimes of the Hot," Al Gore himself references the book and its "far more popular" fictional future sequel, Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth.
Opposition to adaptation
In the book Gore expresses opposition to adaptation to global warming, writing that adaption represented a “kind of laziness, an arrogant faith in our ability to react in time to save our skins”.
Editions
Gore, Al, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit, 1992, Houghton Mifflin, Boston, MA, hardcover, 416 pages, .
Gore, Al, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit, 2000-04-22, Houghton Mifflin, Boston, MA, hardcover, 416 pages, .
Gore, Al, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit, New edition, 2000-07-26, Earthscan Publications Ltd., paperback, 440 pages, .
Gore, Al, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit, New foreword, 2006, Rodale, Inc., paperback, 408 pages, .
Notes
External links
Booknotes interview with Gore on Earth in the Balance, February 16, 1992
Earth in the Balance - Book, Routledge/Earthscan
1992 non-fiction books
1992 in the environment
Books by Al Gore
Environmental non-fiction books
Political books
Houghton Mifflin books
The first stamps issued by Guernsey were forced upon the island by the shortage of British stamps in 1941 during the German occupation of the Channel Islands
Guernsey Post has issued postage stamps in the Bailiwick of Guernsey since its creation in 1969 when the postal service was separated from the Royal Mail. From 1983 Guernsey has issued stamps designated Alderney.
Early issues
In 1940 Guernsey was occupied by Wehrmacht forces and the supply of postage stamps from the United Kingdom ceased. Not wishing to use Feldpost stamps and with the local stocks running out, the first solution in December 1940 was to cut, diagonally stamps so turning a 2d stamp into two 1d stamps.
Then in 1941 a simple stamp design was created by E.W. Vaudin with the main design adopted by both Jersey and Guernsey and feature three heraldic lions, a form of resistance against the occupation as the shield is that of both Guernsey and of the Duke of Normandy, the stamps also include four small V's for victory.
In 1947, for the 3rd anniversary of liberation, the Royal Mail issued two stamps, designed primarily for use in the Channel Islands depicting the gathering of Vraic (seaweed).
In 1958 the idea of Country definitives resulted in regional postage stamps being printed in Britain. Eric Piprell designed the Guernsey stamps. These show the Crown of William the Conqueror and the Guernsey lily.
Guernsey Post
1969-1989
Pre decimal
Decimal
1990-2009
1 Local - postage within the Bailiwick of Guernsey
2 UK - postage to the United Kingdom
3 EUR - postage to Europe
4 ROW - postage to the Rest of the World
5 INT - International postage
2010-
See also
Postage stamps and postal history of Guernsey
List of postage stamps of Alderney
Postage stamps and postal history of Jersey
References
External links
Guernsey Stamps
G
Port Acres is an area of Port Arthur, Texas, United States that used to be a distinct unincorporated community in eastern Jefferson County. The community is between Texas State Highway 73 and Farm to Market Road 365 and west of Downtown Port Arthur.
In 1923 Tyrrell-Combest Company of Beaumont platted the community on land owned by J. M. Hebert. The community was located near the El Vista Railroad stop. Port Acres had around 1,500 residents in 1949. Residents voted to incorporate as a distinct municipality on a 578-180 margin in 1959; instead Port Arthur annexed the community.
The Port Arthur Convention and Visitors Bureau stated that Port Acres is "often regarded as" being a "self-contained" community.
Government and infrastructure
The United States Postal Service Port Acres Post Office is located at 5897 West Port Arthur Road.
(The post office is currently closed, and there are no plans to reopen it in the future.)
Education
Port Acres is within the Port Arthur Independent School District. Port Acres Elementary School (formerly Richard W. Dowling Elementary School), in Port Acres, and Austin Middle School serve the area. All district residents are zoned to Memorial High School.
In March 1953, Dowling Elementary School was built and dedicated. It was renamed to Port Acres Elementary School in October 2018.
References
External links
Port Arthur, Texas
Geography of Jefferson County, Texas
Ziyad Al-Sahafi () (born 3 February 1994) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for Al-Taawoun on loan from Al-Ittihad in the Saudi Professional League.
Career
On 31 August 2022, Al-Sahafi joined Al-Taawoun on loan from Al-Ittihad.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Al-Ittihad
King Cup: 2018
Crown Prince Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Jeddah
Saudi Arabian footballers
Ittihad FC players
Al-Taawoun FC players
Saudi Professional League players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Midway, also known as Riverdale Farm, is a historic home and farm complex located near Millington, Albemarle County, Virginia. The main dwelling is a two-story, four-bay brick structure with a two-story porch. It was built in three sections, with the east wing built during the 1820s and a second structure to the west about 1815; they were connected in the late 19th century. The east wing features Federal woodwork. A rear (north) kitchen wing was added about 1930. It is connected to the main house by a two-story hyphen. Also on the property are a contributing brick kitchen and wood-frame barn. The grounds of Midway were landscaped in 1936 by noted landscape architect Charles Gillette.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1815
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
Westmark School is a private school in Encino, California, teaching 2nd through 12th grade. The school serves children with language-based learning differences including attention-deficit disorder and dyslexia among other learning disorders.
The school is the first in the Los Angeles area to provide iPads to all students. School administrators and teachers consider the high costs worth it for what it adds to the education program. Westmark has a television station education program in which its 5th grade students write the material and produce the program. The school library has materials of various types to cater to the students with various learning needs.
References
External links
Westmark School website
1983 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1983
Encino, Los Angeles
High schools in Los Angeles
Private elementary schools in California
Private high schools in California
Private middle schools in California
Kevin McQuay (13 July 1950 – 5 December 2005), professionally known as Big Kev, was an Australian cleaning products entrepreneur.
Television career
His career on television took off in the 1990s as a regular guest on the infomercial component of Good Morning Australia. The former Carey Grammar student built up a good rapport with its host, Bert Newton.
McQuay was a flamboyant person who loved to drink and party with his brother "Little Steve", although this led him to getting multiple DUI charges; this included one reading of 0.121, more than twice the legal limit. At one point, in 2001, McQuay weighed . His catchphrases were "I'm excited!" and "Big Kev knows." He continued to appear on Good Morning Australia into the early- to mid-2000s.
McQuay was well known in the V8 Supercar community as the sponsor of Paul Morris Motorsport during the 2000 and 2001 seasons.
Big Kev's Ltd
From 2001 to 2002, McQuay hit his peak as an advertiser, appearing on commercials promoting Big Kev's range of cleaning products for the kitchen and laundry. He appeared on television commercials wearing a big blue shirt with an Australian flag design, aiming to promote the fact that Big Kev's products were 100% Australian-owned and not run by overseas companies. At one point, he hosted a half-hour low-budget variety show on late-night television. In August 2001, McQuay floated his company, Big Kev's Ltd, on the Australian Stock Exchange. The company initially did well, but it eventually ran into major financial problems. In November 2004, McQuay resigned from the position of chairman of Big Kev's Ltd, deciding to cut his losses.
Death
McQuay died at aged 55 on 5 December 2005 in the Allamanda Private Hospital on the Gold Coast. The cause was confirmed as a heart attack resulting from a staph infection.
References
1950 births
2005 deaths
Australian television personalities
People educated at Carey Baptist Grammar School
Deaths from staphylococcal infection
Infectious disease deaths in Queensland
20th-century Australian businesspeople
The 2019 Nepal Basketball League also known as Kwiks Basketball League for sponsorship reasons, was the second season of Nepal Basketball League. The league began on 20 April 2019.
A total of eight teams took part in the league which ran for 55 days, making it the biggest and longest basketball tournament of the country.
The Times International Club secured their first title after defeating Nepal Army Club in the final.
Teams
Regular season
League table
Results
Playoffs
(1) Tribhuwan Army Club vs. (2) The Times International Club
(3) Golden Gate International Club vs. (4) Nepal Police Club
(2) The Times International Club vs. (4) Nepal Police Club
Final: (1) Tribhuwan Army Club vs. (2) The Times International Club
Season statistics
Regular season
Women's Nepal Basketball League
The 2019 Women's Nepal Basketball League was the first season of the Women's Nepal Basketball League. Four teams took part in the inaugural season which began on 1 June.
Nepal Police Club became the inaugural champions after defeating Samridhhi Gorilas in the final.
Teams
Iso Kite
Nepal Police Club
Saipal Academy
Samriddhi Gorillas
Regular season
League table
Results
Final
See also
Nepal national basketball team
2018 Nepal Basketball League season
References
Kwiks Basketball League
Kwiks Basketball League
Basketball in Nepal
{{DISPLAYTITLE:The Yellow Leaves}}
The Yellow Leaves: a miscellany is a collection of sermons, essays, short stories, and poetry authored by Frederick Buechner. Published in 2008 by Westminster John Knox Press, The Yellow Leaves is Buechner's sixteenth non-fiction work.
Composition
The title for the anthology is derived from William Shakespeare's Sonnet 73. In his introduction, the author reveals that, at eighty years of age, he 'no longer has the right kind of energy' to write books, and that what follows are a collection of short pieces. The pieces in question are varied in nature. A number are brief memoirs. In his description of a year spent in Europe, the author recalls meeting Princess Margaret and Alice B. Toklas, and witnessing Pope Pius XII conduct a Christmas Eve mass at St. Peter's Basilica. Additionally, he reflects on the success enjoyed by his first novel, A Long Day's Dying, and the composition of his second novel, The Season's Difference. Elsewhere, Buechner also remembers a journey with his mother late in her life, his friendship with Maya Angelou, and briefly meeting Dwight D. Eisenhower, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Harry S. Truman.
The anthology also includes a short story that was initially intended to form part of a fifth installment of the Bebb tetralogy, a brief reflection on Charles Dickens's A Christmas Carol, and a series of 'Family Poems'.
Buechner debuted several of the pieces featured in The Yellow Leaves at the inauguration of the Buechner Institute at King University (now the Institute for Faith and Culture). Publishers Weekly called the volume 'distinctly elegiac', while the reviewer for the Sewanee Theological Review noted that 'much of the book is about death'.
References
2008 non-fiction books
American essay collections
American memoirs
Books by Frederick Buechner
Karel Hendrik Geerts (10 August 1807 – 16 June 1855) was a Belgian neo-Gothic sculptor who mainly focused on wood carving.
Life and work
Karel Geerts was educated at the Academy in Antwerp under the direction of JB Van Hool and (from 1824 to 1833). He married Ludovica Maria Ruelens. In 1835 he became a teacher at the Academy of Leuven and remained so until his death.
From 1842 he carried on activities in a sculpture studio in the Savoyestraat in Leuven. It was there that he developed a school of religious sculpture with about sixty pupils. A few years later, in 1846, he bought a wing of the former in the same street, which had been confiscated by the French occupier in 1797. The college chapel had already been demolished (since 1807).
In the year of his death, Geerts had his building in the Savoyestraat enlarged. He had a side building constructed at the back in the direction of the Nieuwstraat, which is nowadays called the Leopold Vanderkelenstraat. After Geerts' death in 1855, his widow sold the premises of the Savoy College in May 1858 to the future mayor of Leuven Leopold Vander Kelen and his wife Maria Mertens.
The buildings were sold for a sum of 30,000 Belgian Francs. In time they were furnished as the Leopold Vander Kelenmuseum.
Because of his work, Geerts was appointed Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion and Knight in the Order of Leopold. In Borgerhout (Antwerp) Karel Geertsstraat (near the Turnhoutse Poort) was named after him.
Gallery
References
1807 births
1855 deaths
19th-century Belgian sculptors
19th-century Belgian male artists
People from Antwerp
Venganoor is an area within the Trivandrum City of Kerala, India, which is situated 13 km south of the city. It is known as the birthplace of Ayyankali, the great Dalit leader of Kerala. Venganoor is located near Vizhinjam where an international trans-shipment port is being built.
Venganoor is one of the border divisions of Thiruvananthapuram corporation.
Mekkumkara Sree Neelakeahi Mudippura a temple dedicated to goddess Bhadrakali is situated in Venganoor. The temple is famous for Paranettu maholsavam, which may lasts for months and conducted in every 6 years. The temple is also known for kalamkaaval which is attended by a huge number of pilgrims.
Venganoor has its own place in the history books as it is the birthplace of legendaryAyyankali a social reformer who worked for the advancement of deprived untouchable people in the princely state of Travancore. Mahatma Ayyankali Smarakam is also situated in Venganoor.
Venganoor pillai, of Ettuveetil Pillamar who were nobles from eight Nair Houses in erstwhile Travancore lived here.
References
Villages in Thiruvananthapuram district
Michael Lekule Laizer (born 24 October 1948) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Longido constituency since 1995.
References
1948 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 1995–2000
Tanzanian MPs 2000–2005
Tanzanian MPs 2005–2010
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
The 2014 Players' Championship was held from April 15 to 20 at the Consolidated Credit Union Place in Summerside, Prince Edward Island. It was the fourth and final Grand Slam of the 2013–14 World Curling Tour.
On the men's side, Edmonton's Kevin Martin won a record eighth Players' Championship, which was his final Players' win before retirement. On the women's side, Winnipeg's Jennifer Jones won a record fifth Players' title.
Men
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round Robin Results
All times listed in Atlantic Daylight Time (UTC−03).
Draw 1
Tuesday, April 15, 7:00 pm
Draw 3
Wednesday, April 16, 1:00 pm
Draw 5
Wednesday, April 16, 8:30 pm
Draw 6
Thursday, April 17, 9:30 am
Draw 7
Thursday, April 17, 1:00 pm
Draw 8
Thursday, April 17, 5:00 pm
Draw 10
Friday, April 18, 9:30 am
Draw 11
Friday, April 18, 1:00 pm
Draw 12
Friday, April 18, 5:00 pm
Draw 13
Friday, April 18, 8:30 pm
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Saturday, April 19, 5:00 pm
Semifinals
Saturday, April 19, 8:30 pm
Final
Sunday, April 20, 5:00 pm
Women
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round Robin Results
All times listed in Atlantic Daylight Time (UTC−03).
Draw 1
Tuesday, April 15, 7:00 pm
Draw 2
Wednesday, April 16, 9:30 am
Draw 4
Wednesday, April 16, 4:30 pm
Draw 6
Thursday, April 17, 9:30 am
Draw 7
Thursday, April 17, 1:00 pm
Draw 8
Thursday, April 17, 5:00 pm
Draw 9
Thursday, April 17, 8:30 pm
Draw 10
Friday, April 18, 9:30 am
Draw 11
Friday, April 18, 1:00 pm
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Saturday, April 19, 1:00 pm
Semifinals
Saturday, April 19, 8:30 pm
Final
Sunday, April 20, 11:00 am
References
External links
Players' Championship
Players' Championship
Sport in Summerside, Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
Players' Championship
Tetrachlorozincate is an anion with the formula [ZnCl4]2−. It is a counterion that is often used in conjunction with strong electrophiles. Being dianionic, tetrachlorozincate is not classified as a weakly coordinating anion. On the other hand, being dianionic, tetrachlorozincate facilitates the crystallization of many salts. It has a tetrahedral molecular geometry. A simple example is (NH4)2[ZnCl4]. The anion is tetrahedral. Zincates are anionic zinc complexes.
Related to the preparation of Lucas' reagent, tetrachlorozincates are often generated by combining hydrochloric acid and zinc chloride.
A related anion is [Zn2Cl6]2−, in which again Zn(II) adopts a tetrahedral geometry.
References
Sarah Heaney (born 19 May 1970) is a former Scottish television presenter.
Life and career
She began her TV career with Live TV as a news reporter, then went on to front S2 Live on the now defunct SMG digital channel S2. In early 2000 Heaney moved to newsreading on Scotland Today. During this time, Heaney also presented, STV Magazine show "Room at the Top"/"Summer at the Top", which broadcast live from the top of Buchanan Galleries in Glasgow. Heaney also fronted Scottish Passport and Moviejuice, a film show. In 2006 she took voluntary redundancy as part of major shake-up of Scotland Today.
Heaney presented live and recorded broadcast programmes. Heaney also had a beauty column in the Daily Mail and wrote occasionally for other publications.
In September 2006 she hosted ITV's Big Hearts, Big Night, and was a guest for the STV's 2008 online video blog, The Real MacKay.
Heaney fronted a crime programme with newsreader Mark Austin for ITV. Manhunt – Solving Britain's Crimes where Heaney and Austin appeal to the public for information on the UK's most wanted criminals.
In 2008, she joined Mark Durden-Smith on Wish You Were Here...? Now & Then, a 25-part series where the hosts revisit destinations, originally visited by Judith Chalmers (Mark's mother) and other WYWH? presenters in the original 1974 series, to see how much they have changed.
Since 2012, Heaney has had presenting work on ITV's overnight teleshopping strand The Store. In October 2013, Heaney helped launch The Store as a dedicated full-time shopping channel on Sky and Freesat.
Heaney lives in London. She is divorced from businessman Ed Adams with whom she shares two children: Edward William Adams, born on the 17th of June 2006. and second son Will was born in May 2008.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Scottish television presenters
STV News newsreaders and journalists
Dejan Borovnjak (born April 1, 1986) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Antalya Güneşi of the Turkish Basketball First League.
Professional career
Borovnjak began his professional career in 2004 with Partizan Belgrade. In the summer of 2008, he moved to Vojvodina Srbijagas. In May 2009, he parted ways with Vojvodina.
On May 28, 2009, he signed with Lietuvos rytas of Lithuania. In January 2010, he was loaned to the Greek team Panionios for the rest of the season. On July 20, 2010, he signed a one-year deal with another Greek team Aris. In March 2011, he moved to Spain and signed with CB Gran Canaria for the remainder of the season.
On July 28, 2011, he signed a one-year deal with New Basket Brindisi of the Italian Legadue Basket. He was one of the key players for Brindisi to reach the promotion in Serie A. In July 2012, he extended his contract with Brindisi for one more season. In August 2012, club decided to release him, because he underwent surgery and won't be able to play for several weeks.
On November 21, 2012, he signed a one-month deal with K.A.O.D. of Greece. On December 26, 2012, he signed with Stelmet Zielona Góra of Poland for the rest of the season. With them he won the Polish Basketball League in the 2012–13 season. That was the first championship in the history of Zielona Góra.
On June 13, 2013, he signed a one-year deal with Royal Halı Gaziantep of the Turkish Basketball League.
On July 16, 2014, he signed with Triumph Lyubertsy of Russia. After the deal the team moved to Saint Petersburg, so Borovnjak became a Zenit player. On July 22, 2015, he parted ways with Zenit.
On August 13, 2015, he returned to Stelmet Zielona Góra for the 2015–16 season.
On July 2, 2016, he signed a one-year contract with Turkish club Bursaspor. On June 16, 2017, he signed a two-year contract extension with Bursaspor.
On September 5, 2019, he has signed with CSO Voluntari of the Liga Națională.
References
External links
Euroleague.net profile
Eurobasket.com profile
FIBA.com profile
TBLstat.net profile
1986 births
Living people
Serbs of Croatia
ABA League players
Aris B.C. players
Basketball League of Serbia players
Basket Zielona Góra players
BC Rytas players
Bursaspor Basketbol players
CB Gran Canaria players
CSO Voluntari players
Gaziantep Basketbol players
K.A.O.D. B.C. players
KK Partizan players
KK Vojvodina Srbijagas players
KK Zlatibor players
Liga ACB players
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
New Basket Brindisi players
Panionios B.C. players
Power forwards (basketball)
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Greece
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Poland
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Russia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Serbian men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Knin
Croatian expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Universiade gold medalists for Serbia
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade silver medalists for Serbia
Kompakt: Total 6 or Total 6 is a techno album released on 30 July 2005 on Kompakt.
Background
The album is the sixth installment of the Cologne-based microhouse label's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers. All tracks on the vinyl edition are previously unreleased. Unlike previous Total installments all tracks from the vinyl edition are included on the CD, which this time is expanded to a double. The CD also contains three album-only tracks.
Track listing : Vinyl Edition
A1 DJ Koze – Hicc Up (5:34)
A2 Justus Köhncke – Krieg (6:50)
B1 Jürgen Paape – Cream (5:55)
B2 Reinhard Voigt – Ready For Take Off (6:11)
C1 Aguayo/Rossknecht – Bouncin A Round (6:11)
C2 Jonas Bering – Glass (6:08)
D1 Superpitcher – Tell Me About It (6:56)
D2 Thomas / Mayer – Panic Room (6:19)
Track listing : CD Edition
101 DJ Koze – "Hicc Up" (5:34)
102 Dorau / Köhncke – "Durch Die Nacht (Geiger Mix)" (6:39)
103 Justus Köhncke – "Krieg" (6:50)
104 Aguayo/Rossknecht – "Bouncin A Round" (6:11)
105 Baxendale – "I Built This City (Michael Mayer Mix)" (6:32)
106 Rex The Dog – "I Look Into Mid Air" (6:18)
107 Thomas Fehlmann – "Schöne Grüsse" (5:59)
108 Tocotronic – "Pure Vernunft Darf Niemals Siegen (Superpitcher/Wassermann Single Mix)" (3:56)
109 The MFA – "The Difference It Makes" (7:02)
110 Mikkel Metal – "Dorant" (6:12)
111 Jürgen Paape – "Cream" (5:56)
112 Reinhard Voigt – "Ready For Take Off" (6:09)
201 Dirk Leyers – "Wellen" (6:24)
202 Superpitcher – "Tell Me About It" (6:56)
203 Thomas/Mayer – "Panic Room" (6:23)
204 Mayer/Aguayo – "Slow" (6:18)
205 Kaito – "A Hundred Million Light Years" (6:33)
206 SCSI-9 – "Mini" (6:24)
207 Jonas Bering – "Glass" (6:08)
208 Ferenc – "Tracatra" (5:27)
209 Heib – "Phönix" (5:43)
210 The Modernist – "The International Loner" (6:18)
211 Peter Grummich – "Frozen World" (5:46)
212 The Field – "Action" (6:09)
Thirteen tracks on the CD are taken from previously released 12 inch singles originally released on Kompakt or sub-labels (catalogue number in parentheses): #102 (KOMPOP4); #105 (KOMPOP8); #106 (KOM102); #108 (KOMPOP7); #109 (KOMPOP5); #110 (KOM104); #201 (KOM114); #204 (KOMPOP6); #205 (KOM135); #206 (KOM101); #209 (KOM111); #211 (KOM108); #212 (KOM116). Tracks #107, #208 and #210 are exclusive to the CD edition.
External links
2005 compilation albums
Kompakt compilation albums
Record label compilation albums
Microhouse albums
Valentin Eduard Becker (20 November 1814 Würzburg - 25 January 1890 Würzburg) was a German composer.
Biography
Becker became known as a composer in Würzburg for popular male choruses (Das Kirchlein and others). He also wrote several masses and two operas, entitled Die Bergknappen and Der Deserteur.
References
1814 births
1890 deaths
Musicians from Würzburg
19th-century German composers
Manuel María Ramírez Fortoul (Arauca, 5 May 1817 - Bogotá, 3 May 1891) was a Colombian lawyer and politician, who was President of Colombia from 22 December 1877 to 24 December 1877 as a designate, while President Aquileo Parra Gómez was away.
Life
He was the son of lieutenant colonel Antonio María Ramírez and Dolores Fortoul Jaimes, cousin of Pierre Fortoul, a Frenchman who was the first in his family to emigrate to Colombia. Manuel Ramirez Fortoul went to primary school in Bogotá and Cúcuta, and then to a regional secondary school in Guanentá and afterwards studied law at the Universidad de Bartolomé.
Political career
He was a member of the Constitutional Convention of the Santander Department (1851) and the National Parliament (1852 - 1853). At that time he was the director of customs in Cúcuta: he went to Venezuela when he left that post. He was the attorney general of Colombia between 1 August 1877 and 15 June 1878, and while in this position, he advised the nation's leaders amidst the civil war. While President Aquileo Parra was absent putting down the uprising, Ramírez briefly became acting head of government.
Later life
He returned to his work as the director of the customs house in Cúcuta and in 1885 he was appointed to be the Colombian consul in Trujillo. In 1890 he returned to Bogotá where he practiced his profession briefly before his death in 1891.
Family
He married Teresa Monreal Roth in Trujillo on 19 February 1844. They had two children: Felipe and Carlos Ramírez Monreal.
References
External links
Liberal Party of Colombia
Colombian politicians
1817 births
1891 deaths
A despatch box (alternatively dispatch box) is one of several types of boxes used in government business. Despatch boxes primarily include both those sometimes known as red boxes or ministerial boxes, which are used by the Sovereign and his ministers in the British government to securely transport sensitive documents, and boxes used in the lower houses of the parliaments of the United Kingdom and Australia. The term was used as early as the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, referring to a box used to carry an important message for the Queen.
These ministerial boxes, generally red, are now an iconic symbol of the United Kingdom government. Despatch boxes of a different design and generally made of wood are used as lecterns from which frontbench members of parliament delivered speeches to their parliamentary chamber. They were originally used for members to carry bills and other documents into the chamber. The Australian House of Representatives and the House of Commons each keep a pair of ornate wooden despatch boxes, usually with one box on the government side and one on the opposition side of the table that divides the opposing frontbenches. Whereas backbenchers in both parliaments generally deliver addresses to the chamber while standing at their seat, frontbenchers (ministers and shadow ministers) deliver their addresses from their side's despatch box. By tradition, the modern despatch boxes often contain the religious texts used for swearing in new members of the respective chamber.
There are two variant spellings in current English; dispatch or despatch, with the former being more common in English today, though the latter is favoured by the government when referring to the boxes, and is first attested in the 1580s as referring to an important message.
Ministerial red boxes
Red despatch boxes are today issued to every government minister in the UK government, each personalised with the title of both the owner and recipient. For example, the budget box is labelled as belonging to the Chancellor of the Exchequer. According to the government,
Ministers are permitted to use ordinary lockable briefcases to transport information which has been classified 'confidential' or below. For information with a higher security level (such as 'secret') they are required to use dispatch boxes, which offer a higher level of security, and which are usually red.
Due to the importance of the boxes to government ministers, many become attached to them as a reminder of their time in office. Some have bought them from their former departments – after paying to have the bespoke security feature removed. Others have, as is their right, gone to the secretive manufacturer of red boxes, Barrow & Gale or Wickwar & Co, to have a new box specially made.
Parliamentary despatch boxes
Australian parliamentary boxes
The despatch boxes in the Australian House of Representatives were gifts from King George V to mark the opening of the Old Parliament House in Canberra on 9 May 1927. They are made of rosewood and have enamel and silver decorations. They are replicas of the despatch boxes that were kept in the British House of Commons until their destruction on 10 May 1941. Inside the lid of each box is an inscription signed by George V.
The Senate has two lecterns which serve a similar purpose, but they are used only by the Senate leaders of the Government and Opposition rather than by all frontbenchers. Other frontbenchers in the Senate address the chamber from their seating location in the first row of their side of the chamber.
British parliamentary boxes
The current despatch boxes in the British House of Commons were gifts from New Zealand, presented after the House of Commons was rebuilt following World War II. They are made of puriri wood and are modelled on the Australian boxes, which are replicas of the original British despatch boxes destroyed in World War II.
The box on the Government side contains holy books of various religions. The Opposition box contains a signed Bible, which was resting on the centre table when a German bomb fell on the Commons chamber on 10 May 1941, in the Second World War; it was subsequently recovered largely intact.
More recently, the Government despatch box is reported to have sustained damage at the hands of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown. Brown's habit of jabbing his marker pen at his papers left black pen marks on the surface of the box.
References
Political terms in the United Kingdom
Political terminology in Australia
Containers
Goryeo ware (, also known as Goryeo cheong-ja) refers to all types of Korean pottery and porcelain produced during the Goryeo dynasty, from 918 to 1392, but most often refers to celadon (greenware).
Celadon techniques were first introduced from China; Goryeo potters established a native style by the 12th century. One of these native styles is characterized by the technique, a way of inlaying that was unique to Goryeo celadon. The color of the celadon, called for 'green', was also highly admired. The industry arose and declined as the Goryeo dynasty developed. Many wares were produced at the Gangjin Kiln Sites in southwestern Korea.
An artist of the post-war era who specialised in Goryeo ware was Living National Treasure Yu Geun-Hyeong. His work was documented in the short film Koryo Celadon in 1979. Many celadon pieces from Goryeo are listed as National Treasures of South Korea.
Goryeo celadon
History
Early celadon
Pottery and celadon had been introduced into the Korean peninsula in the Three Kingdom age. Demand for higher quality porcelain increased as the Goryeo Dynasty emerged. Along with the development of tea culture and Buddhism, wares based on traditional and southern China (Song dynasty) porcelain began production in Goryeo .
Most of the pottery made in this era are the kinds that are called haemurigup celadon and green celadon (low-grade)
11th century
As the celadon techniques of the Song dynasty reached its pinnacle, much effort was made inside Goryeo to reproduce the turquoise coloring of this Chinese porcelain. A lot of kilns were made throughout the kingdom, leading to a variety of celadon being made. High grade celadon were made in order of the capital, and low grade celadon were made by the requests of temples, offices and local families of provinces.
Though Chinese influences were still existent, Goryeo styled shapes and decorations emerged in some porcelains. These are characterized by the utilization of light curves and a serene, elegant feel. Decoration techniques such as relief carving, intaglio carving, iron oxide glaze, openwork became in use. The sanggam inlaying also started at this age.
12th century
The 12th century is considered as a zenith of Goryeo celadon, especially in its special color and harmony. The pure celadon made in this age had thin glaze coating that exquisitely reflected the jade color, called . They also had a great level of structural balance and elegance. There are records describing celadon of this age as world best.
Jinsa "underglaze red", a technique using copper oxide pigment to create copper-red designs, was developed in Korea during the 12th century, and later inspired the "underglaze red" ceramics of the Yuan dynasty.
Post-12th century
Maturation of the aristocrat society due to events such as the coup of military officers leads to an increasing favor for extravagantly decorated porcelain. Inlaying techniques reach its height and opens a second zenith of Goryeo celadon. Other types of porcelain develop as whitening, iron oxide glaze, copper oxide glaze came in use. With the decrease of Chinese influence, Goryeo celadon acquires a more native shape, in unique patterns and decorative shapes. Thin, transparent glaze used to show the inlaid designs led to development of a crackling cooling pattern, called bingyeol (craquelure).
13th century
After the Mongolian invasion in 1220, social and economic confusion had caused the general quality of Goryeo celadon to decline. Influence of Yuan dynasty is seen throughout the porcelain produced in this time. Though the celadon industry remained, overall density of expressions and smoothness decreased and the color and harmony are also diminished. This decrease in its beauty continues as the Goryeo dynasty recedes.
14th century
In the late 14th Century, the Kilns of Gangjin and Buanyo were attacked by Japanese pirates and closed. Inland kilns replace them, putting an end to the age of celadon. Though new characteristic shapes and designs appear, they are utilitarian instead of being elegant and restrained, as Goryeo celadon in its zenith did. One of these new types of porcelain is called buncheong.
20th century
A revival of Goryeo celadon pottery began in the early 20th century. Playing a leading role in its revival in South Korea was Yu Geun-Hyeong, a Living National Treasure whose work was documented in the 1979 short film, Koryo Celadon. North Korean potter U chi-son separately recreated Goryeo celadon pottery.
Characteristics
Inlay technique
For the inlay technique, several patterns are engraved on the surface of metal, clay, wood, etc. Other materials such as gold, silver, jewelry, bone are inserted in the same shape. This traditional decoration technique started to be applied in porcelain in the Goryeo dynasty. Purple (black) and white clay were used to show the patterns.
A pattern is engraved on celadon with a knife and covered with purple and white soil. When the soil dries, the overflowing mud is wiped off, remaining only in the carved areas; thus, a white or purple pattern will appear. When it is baked after painted with glaze, the white soil appears as white and the purple as black, and this pattern is seen through the glaze.
Differences from Chinese celadon
Glaze of Goryeo celadon had a definite composition starting from the 11th century to the 15th century. It contained a lot of calcium in composition, with 0.5% of manganese oxide, which was more concentrated than glaze used in Chinese celadon. Also in the case of Chinese ceramics, there is enough time for nucleation-crystal growth, so it takes jade color. But the kilns in Goryeo were smaller than that in China, so the firing and cooling process took place quickly. Therefore, minerals in soil such as anorthite or wollastonite have no time for nucleation-crystal growth. This results in the color of celadon being closer to the gray side. In Goryeo celadon, quartz, black particles, bubbles, cracks can be observed too.
The technical contribution of the celadon is that it has a white, black, or gray inlay to emphasize the grayish green color. In addition, when they used white inlay, the glaze was intentionally composited to make cracks. Light was scattered by the small cracks. So degrees of color of the celadon depend on the location of view. Pattern such as of the Koryeo celadon
Types and decorations
Pure celadon is celadon which has no decorations such as inlaid lights on it. It is known as the first type of celadon ever made in Korean Peninsula. Having no decorations, the shape of the bowl and the color of the glaze of this type of celadon are particularly excellent. It is considered to be the earliest celadon.
Celadon In relief refers to celadon made using embossing technique. There are two kinds of embossed celadon. The first is celadon which must be embossed to show its shape, and the other is celadon with embossing used for decorative purposes.
Incised Celadon is made by engraving technique, which shows patterns that enter the surface of the bowl. The engraved pattern in celadon is very thin, so if the glaze is not properly melted, the indented lines would not appear, which makes incised celadon require very high skill. It is seen in the excellent works of the early celadon.
Openwork celadon
Inlaid Celadon was made until the end of the Goryeo Dynasty. Many black and white patterns were embroidered. By using the method of digging the pattern with a sharp knife and then filling it with other colored clay, it is possible to express the pattern finely and to make the surface smoother. Cracks may appear because two different clays shrink together.
Willow and Waterfowl Design is used in many kinds of ceramics including celadon, and it reflects the feelings of the ancients very well. The characteristic of this design is that it contains a beautiful rural landscape, arranging black and white harmoniously.
Cloud and Crane Design was mainly used in prunus vases. This pattern of the sky expresses clouds and cranes that fly away from humans. It is not clear why people of Goryeo liked to use these designs.
Flower design is usually a pattern of camomile, and it can be added by a pair of chrysanthemums
Underglazed Celadon : The patterns of underglazed celadon are drawn with white & black paint on the surface of the bowl. The celadon is then painted with glaze and fired in a kiln.
Paste-on-paste Celadon uses clay on brushes to draw dots or pictures before applying glaze. It is similar to inlaid celadon, but the patterns are not smooth.
Copperized Celadon is red due to oxidation of copper. It is very rare and not numerous, because copper oxide is very unstable depending on the baking conditions such as temperature control and fuel supply, so it is very difficult to produce red color.
Celadon in Underglaze Iron is created by applying wire paints to the entire surface of pottery made by celadon clay. The finished work is shiny with black and green colors.
Gold decorated Celadon is made by the technique of painting a part of finished inlaid celadon with gold. Melted gold is painted in the pattern of the inlaid celadon which has been glazed and baked to the second fire. It is then baked again in low fire to let the gold settle.
Marbled Celadon is made by kneading grey celadon foundation clay with clays of other composition, the gray, black, and white color result in a marble pattern. No engraved patterns are found in marbled celadon.
Gallery
See also
Korean pottery and porcelain
Buncheong
Joseon white porcelain
References
External links
Koryô Celadon at the Metropolitan Museum of Art online
Koryo Celadon (Korean Ceramics) on YouTube
Culture in Goryeo
Korean pottery
Porcelain
In Greek mythology, Chione or Khionê (Ancient Greek: Χιονη from χιών – chiōn, "snow") was a consort of Boreas. The account of Pseudo-Plutarch makes her a daughter of Arcturus; she is said to have been abducted by Boreas and brought by him to Mount Niphantes, where she bore him a son Hyrpax, who later inherited the throne of King Heniochus; the mountain was said to have been called "The Bed of Boreas" from that circumstance. The name of Hyrpax is otherwise unknown, but Aelian mentions Boreas and Chione as the parents of three Hyperborean priests of Apollo; according to Diodorus Siculus, a whole dynasty of Hyperborean kings and priests claimed descent from Boreas.
References
Parents of demigods in classical mythology
"A Rapist in Your Path" (), also known as "The Rapist Is You" (), is a Chilean feminist performance piece protesting violence against women in 2019. It has been performed in Latin America, the United States, and Europe. Based on the work of Rita Segato, the piece was created by the Valparaíso feminist collective Las Tesis.
Lyrics and choreography
The name of the performance is a reference to the slogan Un amigo en tu camino (lit. A Friend Along Your Path) used by Carabineros de Chile in the 1990s. The lyrics of the original Chilean version of "Un violador en tu camino" include a verse from the Chilean police anthem, "Orden y Patria" (lit. Order and Homeland), which addresses a young girl and tells her that her Carabinero lover is watching over her. Both of these references directly critique the Chilean police for their history of claiming to protect women while using sexual violence against female demonstrators. The English version of the song, adapted for performances in the United States and other English-speaking regions, omits this verse of the police anthem.
The squatting motion included in the choreography is a reference to a practice carried out by police against female detainees, in which detainees are forced to strip naked and adopt a squatting position.
Participants frequently dress in "party" clothes to protest practices of victim blaming that shift blame onto victims of sexual assault by focusing on the individual's clothing choices. The lyrics "y la culpa no era mía, ni donde estaba, ni como vestía" ("and it was not my fault, nor where I was, nor how I dressed") communicate the message that women have the right to dress however they choose and occupy public and private spaces without becoming victims of sexual assault or being blamed for the actions of the perpetrator.
The use of blindfolds refers both to victims of eye injuries during the 2019-2020 Chilean protests and to "La Venda Sexy", a torture center in Pinochet-era Chile where state agents would blindfold female political prisoners while subjecting them to sexual violence and other forms of torture.
Performance history
Origins in Chile
Although the piece was initially planned to be performed in October of 2019, its debut was delayed after protests erupted across the country. “Un violador en tu camino” was first performed in public on 20 November in Plaza Aníbal Pinto in downtown Valparaíso.
On 25 November, in honor of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, other groups of women performed "Un violador en tu camino" in several locations around Santiago, the Chilean capital. Following the success of these demonstrations, the creators called for women in other countries to perform their own renditions of it.
In the city of Temuco in the South of Chile, indigenous Mapuche women performed a version of "Un violador en tu camino" translated into Mapudungun.
Although the dance was created as a criticism of rape culture and state violence in general, it gained popularity and resonated even more strongly among Chilean women following incidents of sexual violence perpetrated against demonstrators in the October 2019 protests. The creators stated that in the context of these protests, they decided to adapt the piece and dedicate it specifically to the police. The Instituto Nacional de Derechos Humanos (National Human Rights Institute) reported that between 17 October 2019 and 13 March 2020, the organization had initiated legal action on behalf of 282 victims of torture with sexual violence carried out by police and other government agents during the protests. Sexual violence was also used as a form of torture under the military dictatorship that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.
Although the piece was not originally intended to be a protest, the female demonstrators who began recreating the performance helped it acquire international fame.
Outside of Chile
Videos of the performance went viral, spreading across the world. Similar performances took place in Mexico, Colombia, France, Spain, and the United Kingdom. Thousands of women performed the piece at the Zócalo, Mexico City's main square, on 29 November 2019.
As it was performed in Istanbul, Turkey on December 8, 2019, the police interfered and detained several of the dancing protestors. A few days later, female Turkish members of Parliament sang the song in Turkish parliament. The MP, Saliha Sera Kadıgil Sütlü of the Republican People's Party, spoke directly to Minister of the Interior Süleyman Soylu, declaring that "Thanks to you, Turkey is the only country in which you must have (parliamentary) immunity to participate in this protest."
In the United States, in the wake of the MeToo Movement, "Un violador en tu camino" has resonated with ongoing activism against sexual abuse. In January 2020, during the trial of Harvey Weinstein in New York City, demonstrators performed the piece in response to allegations of sexual misconduct by powerful men including Weinstein and Donald Trump. In Miami, the performers specifically named Brett Kavanaugh.
In Bogotá, Colombia, journalists performed an adaptation of the song, changing the lyrics to call out sexism in the press and carrying signs in memory of victims of femicide.
According to a map of documented performances created by GeoChicas, as of 2021, "Un violador en tu camino" has been performed in over 400 locations in over 50 countries.
References
Further reading
2019 in Chile
Chilean songs
Protest songs
Feminism in Chile
2019–2020 Chilean protests
The 1933–34 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 26th since its establishment.
League table
Championship Playoff
References
1933–34 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
香港倒後鏡blog
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
3
The 2021 Maia Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the third edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Maia, Portugal from 6 to 12 December 2021.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 29 November 2021.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Pedro Araújo
Tiago Cação
Duarte Vale
The following players received entry into the singles main draw using protected rankings:
Elliot Benchetrit
Julien Cagnina
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Lorenzo Bocchi
Miguel Damas
Oscar Moraing
Simone Roncalli
Champions
Singles
Geoffrey Blancaneaux def. Tseng Chun-hsin 3–6, 6–3, 6–2.
Doubles
Nuno Borges / Francisco Cabral def. Andrej Martin / Gonçalo Oliveira 6–3, 6–4.
References
2021 ATP Challenger Tour
2021 in Portuguese tennis
December 2021 sports events in Portugal
Eriocnemis is a genus of hummingbirds, which - together with the species in the genus Haplophaedia - are known as pufflegs. They occur in humid forest, woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Venezuela. The males have a colourful green, coppery or blue plumage, and the females are generally somewhat duller. The most striking feature of both sexes in the genus Eriocnemis are their dense snow-white leg-puffs which consist of feather tufts that resemble woolly panties. One species, the black-thighed puffleg - is characterized by black coloured leg-puffs. Most have a contrasting blue, purple or coppery-red vent, but this is green in the black-thighed and emerald-bellied puffleg. Further common features of all species are the straight black bill and the slightly to deeply forked tail. The genus name was coined by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach who called them Snowy panties.
While most members of this genus remain fairly common, three species (colorful puffleg, black-breasted puffleg and gorgeted puffleg) are critically endangered and one (the turquoise-throated puffleg) is possibly extinct.
Species
The genus contains 11 species:
Black-breasted puffleg, Eriocnemis nigrivestis
Gorgeted puffleg, Eriocnemis isabellae
Glowing puffleg, Eriocnemis vestita
Black-thighed puffleg, Eriocnemis derbyi
Turquoise-throated puffleg, Eriocnemis godini - possibly extinct (20th century?)
Coppery-bellied puffleg, Eriocnemis cupreoventris
Sapphire-vented puffleg, Eriocnemis luciani
Coppery-naped puffleg, Eriocnemis (luciani) sapphiropygia
Golden-breasted puffleg, Eriocnemis mosquera
Blue-capped puffleg, Eriocnemis glaucopoides
Colorful puffleg, Eriocnemis mirabilis
Emerald-bellied puffleg, Eriocnemis aline
In addition there were the controversial species: Eriocnemis söderströmi, E. isaacsoni and E. dyselius which were each only known by one specimen. In the case of E. söderströmi it could have been either the female of E. godini or a hybrid between E. luciani and E. nigrivestris. E. dyselius was nothing more than a melanistic individual of E. cupreoventris. Today these species are considered invalid.
References
Heynen, I. (1999). Genus Eriocnemis. pp. 639–641 in: del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A., & Sargatal, J. eds. (1999). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 5. Barn-owls to Hummingbirds. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Systematics and biogeography of the Andean genus Eriocnemis (Aves: Trochilidae) (Abstract)
Bird genera
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
The Stuttgart Database of Scientific Illustrators 1450–1950 (abbreviated DSI) is an online repository of bibliographic data about people who illustrated published scientific works from the time of the invention of the printing press, around 1450, until 1950; the latter cut-off chosen with the intention of excluding currently-active illustrators. The database includes those who worked in a variety of fields, including astronomical, botanical, zoological and medical illustration.
The database is hosted by the University of Stuttgart. Content is displayed in English, and is free to access. As of January 2020, the site's homepage states that the database includes over 12,500 illustrators. The site is searchable by 20 fields.
Suggestions for additional entries, or amendments, may be submitted by members of the public, but are subject to editorial review before inclusion.
References
Further reading
External links
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Online databases
German websites
English-language websites
University of Stuttgart
2011 establishments in Germany
Cortifen, also known as cortiphen or kortifen, as well as fencoron, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid and cytostatic antineoplastic agent which was developed in Russia for potential treatment of tumors. It is a hydrophobic chlorphenacyl nitrogen mustard ester of 11-deoxycortisol (cortodoxone).
See also
List of hormonal cytostatic antineoplastic agents
List of corticosteroid esters
References
Acetate esters
Tertiary alcohols
Amines
Corticosteroid esters
Glucocorticoids
Ketones
Mineralocorticoids
Nitrogen mustards
Organochlorides
Prodrugs
Russian drugs
Chloroethyl compounds
Ubangi-Shari () was a French colony in central Africa which later became the independent country of the Central African Republic on August 13, 1960. It followed the establishment of the Bangui outpost in 1889, and was named in 1894.
Colonial history
The French did not establish a colonial administration until 1903, upon defeating Egyptian forces (the territory was claimed by the Egyptian Sultan). In 1906, the French settlements around Lake Chad were merged with Ubangi-Shari to form Ubangi-Shari-Chad (Oubangui-Chari-Tchad). In 1910, French Equatorial Africa was formed consisting of the four territories: Chad, Ubangi-Shari, Middle Congo, and Gabon. In 1915, Ubangi-Shari-Chad was made into an autonomous civilian colony. Chad was separated in 1920.
Postal history
Military postal service began at Bangui in 1893, at Fort Possel in 1894, and was gradually extended along the Ubangi River and northwards into the country during the 1900s. Civilian mail used postage stamps of Middle Congo (Moyen Congo) from 1907.
In 1915, Middle Congo stamps were overprinted "OUBANGUI-CHARI-TCHAD" for use in Ubangi-Shari-Chad, and then in 1922 just "OUBANGUI-CHARI" after Chad obtained its own stamps. In 1924, stamps were issued with the additional overprint "AFRIQUE EQUATORIALE FRANCAISE". A number of those were surcharged with new values between 1925 and 1927.
In 1928, postage due stamps of France were overprinted "OUBANGUI-CHARI / A. E. F.", followed in 1930 by a set of 11 postage dues issued specifically for the colony; printed in two colors, the lower values depicted a landscape, and the higher values Émile Gentil.
A 1931 set of four stamps for the Colonial Exposition was the last to be produced for the territory; from 1936 on, French Equatorial Africa issues were used until 1959.
See also
Postage stamps of French Equatorial Africa
Postage stamps and postal history of the Central African Republic
References
Ubangi-Shari
French Equatorial Africa
Ubangi-Shari
The enzyme FAD-AMP lyase (cyclizing) (EC 4.6.1.15) catalyzes the reaction
FAD AMP + riboflavin cyclic-4′,5′--phosphate
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of phosphorus-oxygen lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is FAD AMP-lyase (riboflavin-cyclic-4′,5′-phosphate-forming). Other names in common use include FMN cyclase and FAD AMP-lyase (cyclic-FMN-forming).
References
Further reading
EC 4.6.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
James Reid was a Scottish rugby football player.
He was capped five times for between 1874 and 1877. He also played for Edinburgh Wanderers.
He was the brother of Charles Reid ("Hippo") who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
East of Scotland District players
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
The Chinese American Museum DC (abbreviated CAMDC) is a cultural museum in Downtown Washington, DC established through the efforts of The Chinese American Museum Foundation, private benefactors, and the general public. The museum focuses on the history of Chinese in America with an emphasis on the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, racial and social issues, cultural topics, and the achievements of past and contemporary Chinese Americans. The project began in late 2017, first with the bequest of a 1907 historic, 5-story building in the Embassy Row section of Washington four blocks north of the White House. On November 9, 2018, the project was first announced at an event at the Willard Hotel to a group of 160 people from museum, historian, and Asian American and community leadership. The museum had been open to visitors during its development and has recently reopened to the public after pandemic restrictions.
Programs and exhibits
In October of 2019, the museum completed the first phase of permanent exhibits for its reception lobby and first floor including a digital photo-wall featuring personal stories and images of "everyday" Chinese Americans as well as an interactive digital timeline highlighting historical dates, figures, and pivotal moments in Chinese American history. The museum also hosted two conferences and corresponding special, temporary exhibits including Chinese American Women in History and Safe Harbor: Shanghai, a lecture and exhibit on Jewish refugees that sought shelter in World War II Shanghai and later immigrated to the United States.
In March of 2021, the museum held a virtual gala, "Build it together!" hosted by television journalists Joie Chen and Richard Lui. Honorees included Ambassador Julia Chang Bloch, television journalist Connie Chung, astronaut Taylor Wang, advocate and CEO of TIME'S UP Now, Tina Tchen, the inventor of the N95 mask technology, Dr. Peter Tsai, screenwriter Adele Lim (Crazy Rich Asians and Raya and the Last Dragon), and Daphne Kwok, VP of Asian American and Pacific Islander Audience Strategy at AARP. Entertainment was provided by America's Got Talent winner, magician Shin Lim, a cappella group, Ethnobeat, contemporary and traditional artists, including a classical guzheng player, and opera singer Huanhuan Ma.
Currently, the museum is developing permanent exhibits that are divided into thematic sections: Identity and Diversity, Gold Mountain (California Gold Rush), Building America (railroads and early industry and commerce), Exclusion and the Fight for Equality, Chinese American Communities, Service to Country (military, civil, diplomatic, and uniformed service), and individual exhibits highlighting contemporary Chinese American figures and accomplishments.
Recent special exhibits include "Dora Fugh Lee: A Lifetime of Art," a retrospective of the Washingtonian artist, "Golden Threads: Chinese Opera in America," "Wild Cranes" a visual poetry and calligraphy exhibit. , Enchanting Stitches and Stories: Embroidery, and China from China: Porcelain & Stories of Early American Trade.
References
External links
Chinese-American museums
History museums in Washington, D.C.
Downtown (Washington, D.C.)
Ethnic museums in Washington, D.C.
Igor Valentinovich Kozlov (; born 7 August 1970) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Chaika-CSKA Moscow. He played 1 game in the UEFA Cup 1991–92 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1990, 1991.
Soviet Cup winner: 1991 (played in the early stages of the 1990/91 tournament for PFC CSKA Moscow), 1992.
References
1970 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Moscow players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
K.S.K. Beveren players
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
FC Khimki players
FC Vityaz Podolsk players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Belgian First Division A players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Vanilla Fudge (Atco 33-224/mono, SD 33-224/stereo) is the first album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge. Released in summer 1967, it consists entirely of half-speed covers and three short original instrumental compositions.
The album was Vanilla Fudge's most successful, peaking at #6 on the Billboard album charts and number #8 in Finland in November 1967. Parts of the original stereo LP were actually mixed in mono, including the entire track "You Keep Me Hangin' On". An edited version of "You Keep Me Hangin' On" was released as a single and also charted.
Reception
Allmusic's Paul Collins retrospectively rated Vanilla Fudge four out of five stars. He stated that "nobody could accuse Vanilla Fudge of bad taste in their repertoire" and that most of the tracks "share a common structure of a disjointed warm-up jam, a Hammond-heavy dirge of harmonized vocals at the center, and a final flat-out jam." However, he also said that "each song still works as a time capsule of American psychedelia."
Track listing
Side 1 of the album ends with: "The following is a series of high-frequency tones..."
CD reissues have a modified track listing for the tracks on side 2 of the LP:
The text in all uppercase letters in the CD reissue track listing spells out "STRAWBERRYFIELDS".
Personnel
Carmine Appice — drums, vocals
Tim Bogert — bass, vocals
Vince Martell — guitar, vocals
Mark Stein — lead vocals, keyboards
References
The Allmusic review is of the 2002 album of the same name rather than of the original 1967 LP.
Vanilla Fudge albums
1967 debut albums
Atco Records albums
Polydor Records albums
Albums produced by Shadow Morton
The Otara River is found in the north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north for , reaching the sea at Opotiki in the eastern Bay of Plenty. It shares its estuary with the Waioeka River.
Rivers of the Bay of Plenty Region
Rivers of New Zealand
Ōpōtiki
William Gilmore Simms (April 17, 1806 – June 11, 1870) was an American writer and politician from the American South who was a "staunch defender" of slavery. A poet, novelist, and historian, his History of South Carolina served as the definitive textbook on state history for much of the 20th century. Literary scholars consider him a major force in antebellum Southern literature; in 1845 Edgar Allan Poe pronounced him the best novelist America had ever produced. Throughout much of his literary career he served as editor of several journals and newspapers. He also served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1844–1846.
Early and family life
Simms was born on April 17, 1806, in Charleston, South Carolina, of Scots-Irish ancestors. His mother, Harriet Ann Augusta (née Singleton, 1784-1808) died during his infancy; his father William Gilmore Simms Senior (1762-1830) failed in business and joined Coffee's Indian fighters. Simms was raised by his maternal grandmother, Jane Miller Singleton Gates, who had lived through the American Revolutionary War and who told Simms stories about it.
In his teen years, Simms worked as a clerk in a drugstore and aspired to study medicine. Simms began to study law when he was eighteen (circa 1824). He would receive an honorary LLD from the University of Alabama in 1841.
He married Anna Malcolm Giles in 1826. After her death, he married Chevillette Eliza Roach (pronounced "Roche"), with whom he had 14 children, only 5 of whom lived to adulthood. He was admitted to the South Carolina bar in 1827; however, he soon abandoned this profession for literature.
Early writings
Simms first wrote poetry at the age of eight. In his 19th year, he produced a monody on General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney (Charleston, 1825). Two years later, in 1827, he published Lyrical and Other Poems and Early Lays. In 1828 he became a journalist as well as editor and part owner of the City Gazette, a position he held until 1832 when the publication failed.
Simms devoted his attention entirely to writing and in rapid succession published The Vision of Cortes, Cain, and Other Poems (1829); The Tricolor, or Three Days of Blood in Paris (1830); and his strongest long poem, Atalantis, a Tale of the Sea (1832). Atalantis established his fame as an author. His novel Martin Faber, the Story of a Criminal, an expanded version of an earlier short story called "The Confessions of a Murderer", was published in 1833. This gained Simms a national audience.
Editor and politician
Simms also edited several South Carolina newspapers, and in the 1840s and 1850s edited important southern journals, including the Magnolia, the Southern and Western, and the proslavery Southern Quarterly Review. During the nullification controversy prompted by South Carolina in 1832, Simms supported Union. In the 1840s he pushed for American freedom from British literary models and supported the intensely nationalistic Young America group.
Based on the popularity of the novels described below, Simms became part of the Southern planter class. He came to firmly support slavery (a "fire-eater"), an attitude that when held widely by Southerners helped lead to secession and creation of the Confederate States of America and the American Civil War. Elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives, Simms served from 1844–1846. However he lost election for lieutenant governor of South Carolina by only one vote.
Novels about the South
Simms wrote a number of popular books between 1830 and 1860, sometimes focusing on the pre-colonial and colonial periods of Southern history, and replete with local color. His first success was with The Yemassee (1835, about the Yemassee War of 1715 in the South Carolina low country). Simms also published eight novels set in South Carolina during the American Revolutionary War, beginning with The Partisan (1835), which was perhaps Simms's most-read novel, and Katharine Walton (1851). Other South Carolina-related books included Mellichampe (1836), The Kinsmen (1841), Woodcraft (1854), The Forayers (1855), Eutaw (1856), and Joscelyn (1867).
He later published ten novels dealing with the expansion into the frontier territory from Georgia to Louisiana, including Richard Hurdis; or, the Avenger of Blood. A Tale of Alabama (1838) and Border Beagles: A Tale of Mississippi (1840). He also wrote about the conflicts between Native Americans, Spaniards and French in Florida in The Lily and the Totem, or, The Huguenots in Florida (1850); Vasconselos (1853; an account of DeSoto's expedition from the Native American viewpoint); and the overlapping experiences of Native Americans, Spanish, and English in The Cassique of Kiawah (1859; a novel set during the 1680s in Colonial-era Charleston).
At first, Southern readers, especially those in his home town of Charleston, did not support Simms's work, in part because he lacked an aristocratic background. Eventually, however, he was referred to as the Southern version of James Fenimore Cooper, and Charleston residents invited him into their prestigious St. Cecilia Society.
In 1845, Simms published The Wigwam and the Cabin (1845); a compilation of short stories, one of which describes a loyal slave. Edgar Allan Poe thought the collection "decidedly the most American of American books". and declared Simms to be "immeasurably the greatest writer of fiction in America." In 1852, Simms published As Good as A Comedy; Or, The Tennessean's Story. It and "Paddy McGann" (1867) constitute his two full-length works of Southern humor; he also wrote "Sharp Snaffles" and "Bill Bauldy," two tall tales. He also wrote poetry and, in a letter to literary critic and poet Rufus Wilmot Griswold, Simms said that he was not interested in form as much as content, torn "between the desire to appear correct, and the greater desire to be original and true".
Nonfiction history and biography
Simms' History of South Carolina (1842) served for several generations as the standard school textbook on the state's history. He also wrote The Social Principle: The True Source of National Permanence (1843) and several very popular biographies of Revolutionary War heroes Francis Marion, Nathanael Greene, and John Laurens. He also penned a compendium of Captain John Smith's works covering the founding of the Virginia Colony as well as a book detailing the Chevalier Bayard. Simms wrote a history of Alabama, and was a popular lecturer on American history. He accumulated one of the largest collections of Revolutionary War manuscripts in the country. Most of this collection was lost when stragglers from Sherman's army burned his plantation home Woodlands, located in Bamberg, SC.
Pro-slavery writings
Simms strongly supported slavery. In the November 1837 issue of the Southern Literary Messenger, Simms published a lengthy review of English social reformer Harriet Martineau's Society in America, a review that essentially functioned as an extended defense of slavery. This essay would be published as a standalone pamphlet the next year under the title Slavery in America; the essay would be republished in 1852 under the title "The Morals of Slavery" as part of the edited volume The Pro-Slavery Argument. Simms was very critical of Uncle Tom's Cabin and wrote negative reviews. Some scholars have argued that his 1852 novel The Sword and the Distaff--republished in a slightly revised edition in 1854 under the title Woodcraft--is an example of Anti-Tom literature; these scholars often rely on the readings of Joseph V. Ridgely. Other scholars see Ridgely's reading as faulty, citing an excessive reliance placed on an offhand remark Simms makes in a letter from 1852 and problems with the chronology of Simms's composition of Woodcraft alongside the publication of Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Simms was part of a "sacred circle" of southern intellectuals including Edmund Ruffin, James Henry Hammond, Nathaniel Beverley Tucker, and George Frederick Holmes. Together they published numerous articles calling for moral reform of the South, including a stewardship role of masters in relation to slavery.
American Civil War and final years
During the American Civil War, Simms espoused the side of the Secessionists in a weekly newspaper. Only his eldest son, who shared his name, was old enough to serve in the Confederate army, and because of the common name, his identification as a volunteer or conscript private is unclear. Stragglers from Sherman's army burnt and destroyed Simms' plantation home Woodlands near the South Carolina border, along with 10,000 books and Revolutionary era manuscripts.
Other than for the backwoods novel Paddy McGann (1863), Simms published little after the Civil War began. He advised several southern politicians and made elaborate proposals for Confederate military defenses. During the war, he wrote little of literary importance.
His family impoverished by the war, Simms took on many writing and editing chores which ruined his health. He compiled an anthology of Southern war poems in 1866.
Death and legacy
Simms died of cancer at his eldest daughter's home at 13 Society Street in Charleston on June 11, 1870. He is buried in Magnolia Cemetery. A large bronze bust of Simms is centrally located in Charleston's Battery Park. The bust was sculpted by John Quincy Adams Ward with a granite base designed by Edward Brickell White. The monument was dedicated in 1879.
In 2016, the family had a ceremony honoring him in Hanahan, South Carolina.
Posthumous reputation
Scholars at DocSouth note Simms's volume of work describes the historic and cultural diversity of the South, from the class hierarchy, sectional self-consciousness and agrarian economy of the Low Country; to both the violence and civilization of the Gulf South (which had both plantations and frontier); and the pioneering of the Appalachian Mountains. David Aiken, an editorial board member of the white nationalist, neo-Confederate, white supremacist organization The League of the South, lamented that Simms was purged from the canon of American literature because of the "unpardonable sin Simms committed when he published an account of Columbia, South Carolina's destruction in which he dared to deny the North a righteous victory." Simms asserted of the North's tactics in the Civil War, "whatever might have existed in virtue of their cause, is forfeit by the processes which they have taken for its maintenance." Author and segregationist Donald Davidson claimed, "The neglect of Simms's stature is nothing less than a scandal when it results....in the disappearance of his books from the common market and therefore from the readers' bookshelf. This is literary murder".
Literary scholars and historians continue to recognize Simms as a major force in Antebellum literature and a leading intellectual. The University of South Carolina has digitized most of his works and papers, which have been digitized by the available as print on demand books. During recent years, a "Simms Renascence" has included scholars such as James E. Kibler, Mary Ann Wimsatt, Sean Busick, Charles S. Watson, and John C. Guilds. Kibler may be currently the leading authority on Simms's poetry; Guilds produced the major biography of the prolific author; Busick has concentrated on Simms's work as a historian; Wimsatt has published "The Major Fiction of William Gilmore Simms" as well as an edited version of his short stories, titled "Tales of the South" (a writer for "The Virginia Quarterly Review" calls Wimsatt's introduction to the tales "magisterial"). Contributing to the renascence is a handsome journal titled "The Simms Review." Issued annually, it contains recent articles about the author.
List of works
Monody, on the Death of Gen. Charles Cotesworth Pinckney (1825)
Lyrical and Other Poems (1827)
Tile Vision of Cortes, Cain, and Other Poems (1829)
The Tricolor, or Three Days of Blood in Paris (1830)
Atalantis, a Tale of the Sea (1832).
Martin Faber, the Story of a Criminal (1833)
Guy Rivers: A Tale of Georgia (1834)
The Yemassee (1835)
The Partisan (1835)
Pelayo: a Story of the Goth (1838)
Mellichampe (1836)
Richard Hurdis; or, the Avenger of Blood. A Tale of Alabama (1838)
Border Beagles: A Tale of Mississippi (1840)
History of South Carolina (1840, with an expanded second edition in 1860)
The Kinsmen (1841)
The Wigwam and the Cabin (1845)
''The Life of Captain John Smith, the Founder of Virginia” (1846)
The Lily and the Totem, or, The Huguenots in Florida (1850)
Katharine Walton (1851)
The Tennessean's Story (1852)
The Golden Christmas (1852)
Vasconselos (1853)
Southward Ho! A Spell of Sunshine (1854)
Woodcraft (1854)
The Forayers (1855)
Eutaw (1856)
The Cassique of Kiawah (1859)
Simms' poems: Areytos Songs and Ballads of the South (1860)
A City Laid Waste: The Capture, Sack, and Destruction of the City of Columbia (1865) online
Joscelyn (1867)
See also
South Carolina literature
Footnotes
Further reading
David Moltke-Hansen (ed.), William Gilmore Simms' Unfinished Civil War: Consequences for a Southern Man of Letters. Columbia, South Carolina: University of South Carolina Press, 2013.
.
Mary Ann Wimsatt, The Major Fiction of William Gilmore Simms: Cultural Traditions and Literary Form. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: LSU Press, 1989.
Rogers, Jeffery J. A Southern Writer and the Civil War: The Confederate Imagination of William Gilmore Simms (Lexington Books, 2015).
Todd Hagstette (ed.), Reading William Gilmore Simms: Essays of Introduction to the Author's Canon. Columbia, South Carolina: University of South Carolina Press, 2017.
External links
The Simms Initiatives at the University of South Carolina
The William Gilmore Simms Society
Works by William Gilmore Simms at The Online Books Page
Complete text of Martin Faber, the Story of a Criminal
Biography of Simms
Complete text of The Sword and the Distaff
1806 births
1870 deaths
19th-century American historians
19th-century American novelists
American male novelists
19th-century American poets
American proslavery activists
Historians of the American Revolution
Historians of the Southern United States
South Carolina lawyers
Lawyers from Charleston, South Carolina
Writers from Charleston, South Carolina
American male poets
Writers of American Southern literature
19th-century American male writers
Novelists from South Carolina
American white supremacists
19th-century American lawyers
Burials at Magnolia Cemetery (Charleston, South Carolina)
Deaths from cancer in South Carolina
Celypha sapaecola is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 14.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish suffused and sprinkled with olive grey. The costal strigulae (fine streaks) are dense and whitish cream. The hindwings are brownish cream.
Etymology
The name refers to the type locality and Latin cola (meaning collected).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Advokat (in English, advocate) is the title in the Scandinavian languages reserved exclusively for lawyers who are duly authorized to practice law in the Nordic countries (i.e. Scandinavia, Finland, and Iceland).
Usage by country
Denmark
Authorization to practice as advokat traditionally required the candidate to graduate from law school as Candidate of Law followed by three years of employment with a law firm or other eligible institution. In recent years, candidates have also been required to undergo training and to pass a bar examination administered by Advokatsamfundet, the Danish Bar and Law Society. To practice law as an advokat, the lawyer must maintain a current membership with the Danish Bar and Law Society, which supervises its approximately 4,800 members. Apart from paying annual dues to the association, an advokat must also adhere to its professional code of conduct, and may face disciplinary action as a consequence of conduct deemed unprofessional by Advokatnævnet, the Disciplinary Board. As a result of legal reform implemented in recent years, there is no longer a monopoly held by those bearing the title advokat on providing most legal services in Denmark.
Finland
Any lawyer applying for membership in the Finnish Bar Association must have completed a Master of Laws degree, entitling them to hold judicial office, and must be known to be a person of integrity. They also must have several years experience in the legal profession and other judicial duties. Only members of the bar association are entitled to use the Swedish language professional title advokat (fi. asianajaja). The Finnish Bar Association has about 1,570 members.
Norway
A candidate seeking permission to practice from the Supervisory Council for Legal Practice (no. Tillsynsrådet for advokatvirksomhet) is required to graduate from law school as a Candidate of Law, must be a person of integrity, must be at least 20 years of age, and must have practiced for two years. Only those authorized by the Supervisory Council are entitled to use the professional title advokat in Norway. To a certain extent, there is a monopoly held by those bearing the title advokat on providing legal services in Norwegian courts of law.
Sweden
A candidate seeking admittance to the Swedish Bar Association is required to graduate from law school as a Candidate of Law entitling the candidate to hold judicial office, must be a person of integrity, and must have practiced for three years. A bar exam must also be passed. Only members of the bar association are entitled to use the professional title advokat in Sweden. The Swedish Bar Association has in excess of 4,400 members. In principle, there is no monopoly held by those bearing the title advokat on providing legal services in Sweden; a person may appoint almost anyone as ombud (representative) whether in civil, tort or criminal proceedings. However, if a defendant wishes to recoup expenses, the ombud typically needs to be an approved member of the SBA.
References
Law of Denmark
Law of Norway
Law of Sweden
Law of Finland
Professional certification in law
Scandinavian titles
Swedish titles
1961–62 Kuwaiti Premier League was the inaugural season of the First League Division.
Overview
The first season of the Kuwaiti League officially started after the closure of the old clubs and the opening of a new football activity, with the participation of seven new teams between clubs and schools, namely (Al-Arabi, Al-Qadsia, Al-Kuwait, Thanwit Kifan (), Thanwit Al-Shoike (), Al-Kalia Al-Saneia () and Al-Shorta ()). The first home-and-away system was held, and Al-Arabi was able to register his name as the first club to win the league championship without drawing or losing by 7 points from Al-Qadsia (Perfect season), scoring 42 goals and conceding only 10 goals.
League table
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
Balyakalasakhi (, meaning childhood companion) is a 1967 Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar. It is an adaptation of Vaikom Muhammad Basheer's famous novel of the same name. Basheer himself wrote the screenplay and dialogues. Balyakalasakhi and Bhargavi Nilayam (1964) are the only films for which Basheer has written the screenplay. The film's story revolves around Majeed and Suhra, who have been in love with each other from childhood.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Majeed
Sheela as Suhara
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Meena
Bahadoor
T. R. Omana
Usharani
T. S. Muthaiah
Manavalan Joseph
Nalini
Baby Usha
P. J. Antony (guest appearance)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
Balyakalasakhi songbook
A write-up on the film by Jacob John and B. Vijayakumar
Films based on Indian novels
1960s Malayalam-language films
Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Niekerk is a village in Westerkwartier municipality also in the Dutch province of Groningen. It had a population of around 1,365 in 2021.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1392 as "to der Nyerkerke", and means "new church". Nie (new) has been added to distinguish between Oldekerk. Niekerk is a road village which developed on a sandy ridge in a raised bog. During the Late Middle Ages, it started to overshadow neighbouring Oldekerk.
The Dutch Reformed church dates from around 1200. The tower was added in the 13th century. Between 1964 and 1967, it was restored, the plaster was removed and nave was returned to its original shape.
Niekerk was home to 440 people in 1840. It used to be part of the municipality of Oldekerk. In 1990, it became part of Grootegast and was merged into Westerkwartier in 2019.
Gallery
References
Westerkwartier (municipality)
Populated places in Groningen (province)
Green Bay, also spelled Greenbay, is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. Green Bay is located on U.S. Route 331, south of Opp.
History
The community was likely named for the bay trees which grow in the area. A post office operated under the name Green Bay from 1879 to 1933.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
This is the list of cathedrals in Chile sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Chile:
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Antofagasta
Cathedral of St. Mark in Arica
St. John the Baptist Cathedral, Calama
Cathedral of Our Lady of Sorrows in Coyhaique
Cathedral of St. Charles Borromeo in Chillán
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Concepción
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Copiapó
Cathedral of St. Raphael in Illapel
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Iquique
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mercy in La Serena
Cathedral of St. Ambrose in Linares
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Melipilla
Military Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Santiago
Cathedral of St. Matthew in Osorno
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Puerto Montt
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Punta Arenas
Catedral El Sagrario in Rancagua
Cathedral of St. Bernard in San Bernardo
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Ancud
Cathedral of St. Philip in San Felipe
Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Calama
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Angels in Los Ángeles
Cathedral of St. James in Santiago
Cathedral of St. Augustine in Talca
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Temuco
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Valdivia
Cathedral of St. James in Valparaíso
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Villarrica
Eastern Orthodox
Cathedrals of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch:
St. George Cathedral in Santiago
See also
List of cathedrals
References
Chile
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
The Yucatan woodpecker (Melanerpes pygmaeus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is sometimes referred to as the red-vented woodpecker. The Yucatan woodpecker is found in Belize and Mexico, and ranges over the entire Yucatán Peninsula. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
The adult Yucatan woodpecker is in length. Adults are mainly light gray on the face and underparts; they have black and white barred patterns on their back, wings and tail. Adult males have a red cap going from the eye to the nape, whereas the red cap is only in the occipital area in the females. There are yellow feathers around the base of the bill. There may be a yellowish tinge to the belly and a red wash to the vent area.
The plumage of the Yucatan woodpecker is very similar in appearance to that of the golden-fronted woodpecker (Melanerpes aurifrons), which is also found throughout the entire Yucatán Peninsula. It can be very difficult to distinguish between these two species in the field. The golden-fronted woodpecker — which is much more common than the Yucatan woodpecker — has a larger body and a longer beak, and the female has more red on the nape of the neck than that of the Yucatan woodpecker. The golden-fronted woodpecker also has reddish feathers at the base of the bill, whereas the Yucatan Woodpecker has yellow feathers surrounding the base of the bill. The barring pattern on the back of the golden-fronted woodpecker is such that it has a blackish appearance from a distance, whereas that of the Yucatan woodpecker has a silvery appearance from a distance. Finally, the vocalization of the Yucatan woodpecker is also quite different from that of the golden-fronted woodpecker.
Although the Yucatan woodpecker is also very similar in appearance to the red-crowned woodpecker (Melanerpes rubricapillus), the distribution of these two species does not overlap.
Subspecies
The Yucatan woodpecker has 3 subspecies:
M. p. pygmaeus (Ridgway, 1885): Cozumel.
M. p. rubricomus (Peters, JL, 1948): Yucatán Peninsula south to central Belize.
M. p. tysoni (Bond, 1936): Guanaja I. (off northern Honduras).
Distribution and habitat
The Yucatan woodpecker is endemic to Central America. Its range includes the Yucatán Peninsula and adjoining offshore islands, Cozumel Island, Belize, northeastern Guatemala and Guanaja Island off the coast of Honduras. It is mostly found in clearings and near the edges of dry woodland and in coastal scrub, but also sometimes inhabits damper woodland and degraded habitats.
Status
The population of the Yucatan woodpecker is believed to be stable and its range is large. For these reasons, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Gallery
References
External links
Stamps (for Honduras) at bird-stamps.org
Yucatán woodpecker
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Yucatán woodpecker
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Udaya Srinivas Gavara, popularly known as Bunny Vasu, is an Indian film producer who produces Telugu films. He is a partner of GA2 Pictures, a production company which he co-founded with Allu Aravind. His films have included Bhale Bhale Magadivoy, Geetha Govindam and 100% Love. He also was the co-producer for the films Sarrainodu and Naa Peru Surya, Naa Illu India.
Early life and career
Bunny Vas was born in Palakollu in West Godavari district. He started off as an employee in Geetha Arts, eventually working alongside Allu Aravind. Working with Vamsi of UV Creations, he has distributed 57 films for Guntur and West Godavari regions, including Pokiri, Arya, and Magadheera. He was also the distributor for the film Gabbar Singh.
Aravind and Allu Arjun later made him a partner in GA2 Pictures, which is a subsidiary of Geetha Arts.
Filmography
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Indian film producers
Telugu film producers
People from Palakollu
Film producers from Andhra Pradesh
The 1930 Western Maryland Green Terror football team was an American football team that represented Western Maryland College (now known as McDaniel College) as an independent during the 1930 college football season. In its fifth season under head coach Dick Harlow, the team compiled a 9–0–1 record and shut out eight of its ten opponents. Western Maryland's 1930 season was part of a 27-game undefeated streak that started in 1928 and continued into 1931. Harlow was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Schedule
References
Western Maryland
McDaniel Green Terror football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Western Maryland Green Terror football
Mudiyanaya Puthran () is a 1961 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Ramu Kariat. It stars Sathyan, Ambika Sukumaran, Kottayam Chellappan, P. J. Antony, J. A. R. Anand, Miss Kumari, Adoor Bhavani, Kedamangalam Ali, P. A. Thomas, Kambisseri Karunakaran, Thoppil Krishna Pillai and Adoor Bhasi.
The film was an adaptation of the popular stage play written by Thoppil Bhasi in 1957. The film was shot at Vijaya and Vauhini Studios. It is one of the best social movies in Malayalam, which told boldly the real life struggles of workers, projected social evils like untouchability etc. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Cast
Sathyan
Miss Kumari
Ambika Sukumaran
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony
P. A. Thomas
Adoor Bhavani
J. A. R. Anand
Kambissery Karunakaran
Kedamangalam Ali
Kottayam Chellappan
Thoppil Krishna Pillai
Production
Mudiyanaya Puthran is based on the Kerala People's Arts Club's play of the same name.
Soundtrack
Awards
National Film Awards
1961: President's Silver Medal for Best Feature Film in Malayalam
References
External links
http://www.malayalachalachithram.com/movie.php?i=83
1961 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Indian films based on plays
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Films about social issues in India
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films directed by Ramu Kariat
Vladan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Марковић; born 20 March 1977 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia with height 1.87 cm and weight 90 kg) is a Serbian swimmer also considered to be one of the country's all-time best. He is the current president of PK Zlatni Delfin, a swimming club from Belgrade and is a University of Belgrade alumni since 2001.
Marković represented his country at three different Summer Olympics. He made his first appearance at the 1996 Summer Olympics which were held in the city of Atlanta, United States of America. Marković finished 28th overall at the men's 100 m butterfly with a time of 54.90. He also finished 28th overall at the men's 200 metre butterfly with a time of 2:01.80. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, his results were very similar. Markovic could only establish a time of 2:00.02 and was eliminated after the preliminary heat in the men's 200 metre butterfly. Finally, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, his time of 2:04.77 at the men's 200 metre butterfly was only good enough for a 31st overall place.
Marković represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China, which was his fourth Olympics. He gained his qualification in Cadiz, Spain in 2007 with a time of 2:00.36 at the 200 metre butterfly.
Marković won three bronze medals at the Mediterranean Games from 1997 to 2001. Among his best results remain the 7th-place finish at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and his 9th-place finish at the 2000 FINA Short Course World Championships in Athens, Greece. He has reached the semifinals six times at various European LC Championships. On top of everything, he has been crowned Balkans champion four times during his career (1996-1998-2000-2002).
He has been Serbia's butterfly national champion for the past 15 years and retains the title still to this day. Marković was selected for the best young athlete in Yugoslavia in 1995.
See also
List of swimmers
External links
Profile at Olympic Committee of Serbia
Serbian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Yugoslavia
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Male butterfly swimmers
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Serbia and Montenegro
Olympic swimmers of Serbia
Yugoslav male swimmers
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Swimmers at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Swimmers at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Glen Nevis () is a glen in Lochaber, Highland, Scotland, with Fort William at its foot. It is bordered to the south by the Mamore range, and to the north by the highest mountains in the British Isles: Ben Nevis, Càrn Mor Dearg, Aonach Mòr, and Aonach Beag. It is home to one of the three highest waterfalls in Scotland, Steall Falls, where the Allt Coire a'Mhail joins the Water of Nevis in the glen. Below the waterfall is a steeply walled and impressive gorge. The scenic beauty of the glen has led to its inclusion the Ben Nevis and Glen Coe National Scenic Area, one of 40 such areas in Scotland.
A public road runs for 10 km up the Glen, becoming single track after 7 km. There is a hotel, Scottish Youth Hostels Association hostel, and campsite at the bottom of the glen, near Fort William, and a small hamlet further up at Achriabhach.
From the car park at the end of the Glen Nevis road, a path continues through a gorge. After a scramble up this rocky path, the view opens up and the path leads into the peaceful upper glen. A wire bridge crosses to the base of the waterfall. Rebuilt by famous engineer
Tom Russell while a member of the Junior Royal Engineers (Dover) JLRRE 82 Fld Sqn MacPhee troop This bridge was closed for three months in 2010 when one of the cables snapped.
The path has been improved periodically to ease access and to reduce the damaging effects of soil erosion caused by many walkers, but it remains challenging in places, and as the sign at the car park warns, potentially fatal. There have been several accidents in Glen Nevis, including the death of a young walker in August 2006.
Several films have been shot in Glen Nevis, including some scenes from the Harry Potter movies, Highlander, Highlander III: The Sorcerer, Braveheart and Rob Roy.
Glen Nevis river race
A race down the River Nevis has been run in the summer since 1973. Competitors use floating aids such as LiLos to navigate the river. The race can take from 20 minutes to 2 hours dependent upon water flow. After a hiatus of several years, the race was run again from 2008 to the present.
Footnotes
Lochaber
Glens of Scotland
Waterfalls of Highland (council area)
Valleys of Highland (council area)
Zavlani (Greek: Ζαβλάνι) is a neighbourhood in the northeastern part of the city of Patras, direct and via road from the downtown core. The neighbourhood bears the football (soccer) club team named A.P.S. Zavlani and plays in the prefectural fourth division.
Nearest places
Skioessa, northeast
Nearest neighbourhoods
Sychaina, north
Gouva, south
Anthoupoli, west
Information
The name is the corruption the name Zavr(l)os (Ζαβρ(λ)ος). During the Ottoman rule, the area was settled by Albanians. Another theory of the name is that comes from a family name Zavlanis, which descended from the island of Zakynthos.
Geography
Zavlani is in a hilly residential setting with forests to the north. The neighborhood's length varies from to , and its width ranges between . Its streets are approximately long, of which are main, and the remainder are residential.
History
The area were made up farmlands until when housing developments arrived in the 1960s and the 1970s, the housing and its population slowed in the late-1980s. Its main production consisted of olive, cattle and fruits and vegetables as well as other crops and the populationm before the arrival of the housing developments were rural, today they are manufacturing and services especially outside the neighbourhood.
Sporting clubs
APS Zavlani
References
''The first version of the article is translated and is based from the article at the Greek Wikipedia (el:Main Page)
Neighborhoods in Patras
Hooge (; , North Frisian: Huuge) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The municipality is located on the island of Hooge – a small island off the coast of Germany. It is the second largest of the ten halligen in the Wadden Sea, after Langeneß. It is frequently called the Queen of the Halligen. The houses on the island are built on ten Warften ('artificial dwelling mounds').
The municipality (Gemeinde) Hooge also includes the uninhabited hallig Norderoog.
Settlements and geography
Hooge has 9 populated Warften:
Backenswarft
Kirchwarft
Ockelützwarft
Hanswarft
Ockenswarft
Lorenzwarft/Mitteltritt (double-terpen)
Volkertswarft
Ipkenswarft
Westerwarft
The Pohnswarft still can be found close to the shore of Hooge. The Pohnswarft is an unpopulated Warft which has been abandoned due to its unfavourable location. There is only a water gauge on it.
The small island of Hainshallig, located off the east coast of Hooge, may have once been connected to the island by a levee and belonged to a Hooge resident, but became flooded and sank in 1860.
Photo gallery
References
External links
Hooge
Nordfriesland
Xavier Catarino Venâncio (born 29 May 1999) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Académica de Coimbra.
Football career
On 18 September 2018, Venâncio made his professional debut with Rieti in a 2018–19 Serie C match against Matera.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Mafra, Portugal
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
F.C. Rieti players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
Serie C players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Sportspeople from Lisbon District
Coumantaros is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
George S. Coumantaros (1922–2016), Greek businessman and yachtsman
Ioannis Coumantaros (1894-1981), Greek businessman
John Coumantaros (born 1961), Greek-American businessman
Greek-language surnames
Dragon Quest is a series of role-playing video games that originated in 1986 with the release of the first game in the series. Although the games are not related in terms of story, many aspects of the gameplay are consistent throughout the series. Each game in the series add new elements to the gameplay, such as longer quests, character classes, or different ways of story-telling.
One of the major aspects of the Dragon Quest series is that it retains the same setting and general gameplay throughout the series, instead of reinventing itself with each new installment. This has been seen as both a positive and negative aspect by critics of the series.
History
Dragon Quest was created by Yūji Horii, who became the series' main scenario director. Yūji Horii originally used the full-screen map of Ultima and the first-person menu battle and stats oriented Wizardry screen to create the gameplay of Dragon Quest. Dragon Quest is often cited as the birth of the JRPGs. Each game in the main series builds upon its predecessor, but the gameplay never strays from the series' origins.
When asked about the game's resistance to change during an interview, Horii explained that he wants to "keep it simple and keep things organized, after twenty years I've found this to be the best way." During the same interview, Horii also stated that he would never want to make an action role-playing game for the series. He said "The reason why is because I want to make the game fun and simple and relaxing, so that you can just sit down and take it easy. People who don't like to think very much can just push the button and still get by. The people who like to think and strategize have to option to do that as well." Although Dragon Quest IX was slated to have an action-oriented combat style, it was changed back to menu-based combat in 2007, two years before its release in response to backlash from fans.
Common elements
In each installment of the Dragon Quest series, players have been able to control a party of up to four characters. The number of party members depends on the game, as well as the number of enemies that can appear in one battle. Dragon Quest featured only one-on-one encounters, whereas Dragon Quest II expanded the party to three characters and the number of enemies was also increased. Dragon Quest III further increased the party size to four characters, which it has stayed at. Players must move their parties through different towns, dungeons, and the world map in order to progress throughout each game. Typically, the party must enter a town or dungeon and defeat a specific enemy or retrieve an item to progress the story. Non-playable characters exist in the game for the party to interact with. NPCs are responsible for giving the player useful information, selling items, saving the player's game, or healing the party, usually at an inn for a fee. Heroes in the series often must defeat a main antagonist to complete the adventure, and there are always several tasks they must do before that, often involving NPCs from different towns.
In Dragon Quest, players had to go through a menu in order to use stairs, open treasure chests, and speak to NPCs. The localization of the game also included some gameplay improvements such as being able to see the direction your character is traveling and the ability to save your game through a battery backup instead of passwords. While improvements were made in later versions, the series retained the same basic interface.
Dragon Quest features "puff puff" massage girls the player can opt to get a service from. In earlier games, the background would turn black and text would be displayed; in some later games, gags have been used. These were removed from some North American translations, but not others. Also, in later games monsters and characters can use this as an attack. The effect can cause enemies and characters to lose their turn.
Exploration
Until Dragon Quest VIII, exploration was all from an overhead view, while battles were in a first-person perspective. Dragon Quest VIII changed this system by featuring fully three dimensional environments and battles in the third-person. Earlier Dragon Quest games were released using solely 2D graphics. Starting with Dragon Quest VII, 3D graphics were introduced, however the graphics were extremely limited compared to those released in Dragon Quest VIII. Since then, every game, including the remakes for the Nintendo DS, has included some level of 3D gameplay.
Dragon Quest games often feature different forms of vehicles for the party to explore the world map in. These vehicles allow the party to cross terrain that cannot be walked over. These include ships, which give the party the option of traveling on water. Dragon Quest IV featured a hot air balloon, which enabled the party to travel over mountains.
Battle
Each Dragon Quest game in the main series is a role-playing video game and features turn-based battles. During battle, players can issue commands to the party and then the characters and monsters will take turns attacking each other. Certain characters are also able to use magic or skills, and these commands can either damage enemies, recover hit points or remove status ailments, or raise and lower statistics of party members or enemies. Until Dragon Quest IX, battles were randomly occurring in the series. While moving the party through either a dungeon or the world map, there is a chance that an enemy group will attack. In Dragon Quest IX, enemies are visible on the field and players must touch them to enter a battle.
Characters earn experience points for each monster the party defeats in battle. As characters earn experience points, they gain levels and their stats increase, making them stronger. These stats include hit points, magic points, strength, agility, and vitality. In certain games, including Dragon Quest VII, characters will also earn different types of points from battles. In Dragon Quest VII, every battle characters are victorious in earns them class points, which allow them to increase their class levels and eventually master that class. Winning battles also grants gold to the party, which can be spent on items at stores, at inns, or at churches in order to heal or revive characters.
Dragon Quest IV introduced a "Tactics" system, where the player can set the AI routines for NPCs, which is seen as a precursor to Final Fantasy XII'''s "Gambits" system. Dragon Quest V gave players the opportunity to catch and raise various monsters that appeared in random encounters. These monsters could be added to the player's party and participate in battle, earning experience points just as human party members do. This feature would span its own series of games titled Dragon Quest Monsters Monster catching would appear in Dragon Quest VII briefly by having a monster park minigame in which players could put monsters caught after battles.
Character classes
Beginning with Dragon Quest III, the series has featured different forms of character customization. Players were given the option to create a party of four characters consisting of the main Hero and three characters made by the player. Classes such as Warrior, Mage, Cleric, or Merchant could be set upon the character and that character's statistics and skills would correlate with the given class. Dragon Quest VI, Dragon Quest VII, and Dragon Quest IX all featured similar class systems, building off of the original system from Dragon Quest III.
Abilities
Characters in the Dragon Quest games can use a wide variety of abilities, spells, and skills. The original game only featured a few healing and damaging spells, but each game expanded on the list. Dragon Quest VI introduced , a class of non-spell special abilities. Most spells cost magic points, while many skills have no MP cost.
Mini medals
Starting with Dragon Quest IV, a new collectable item known as mini medals were introduced. These mini medals have since been used in every main Dragon Quest title. The medals resemble small gold coins with a five-point star in the middle. The player collects these medals throughout the game by opening chests, breaking pots and barrels and searching sacks and drawers. In Dragon Quest IX, the player can also obtain some by completing quests or from a spawn point on the world map. At a certain point during the games, the player meets a character he can trade these medals for items. From Dragon Quest IV through VII this was a reoccurring character known as the Mini Medal King. While he is replaced in later Dragon Quest titles, he continues to be referenced. In Dragon Quest VIII he makes an appearance, but it is his daughter who collects the medals. In Dragon Quest IX, although the medals are collected by a pirate captain, the dialog references his connection to the Mini Medal Kings.
According to Horii, he wanted to have something the player went around collecting as the previous Dragon Quest games had crests and orbs respectively. However, he did not want to do the same thing over again by forcing the player to collect a certain number of items before they beat the game; mini medals instead have nothing to do with clearing the game.
Minigames
During gameplay, players may be able to participate in minigames. Mini-medals can be found and traded for exclusive items, a feature that can be traced to Dragon Quest IV and was featured in remakes of earlier games in the series. In addition to mini-medals, the remake of Dragon Quest III allowed players to collect monster medals from their perspective monsters. The remake also featured Pachisi, or Suguroku in Japan, a board game style minigame in which the player could win items. This game was based on Horii's other video game series, Itadaki Street.
Several games in the series feature casinos for players to win items by playing various games, including poker and betting on monster battles. The DS remake of Dragon Quest V features several new minigames, including Bruise the Ooze, Treasures 'n' Trapdoors, a version of Pachisi, the Slurpodrome, and the tombola.
Reception and legacy
The gameplay of Dragon Warrior is seen by critics as revolutionary. In an article for Gamasutra, Kurt Kalata pointed out that the game "was also one of the most in-depth games seen on the Famicom at the time. Back in 1986, if you wanted a complicated game, you needed an expensive PC." A large aspect of the Dragon Quest games is the continuity of the series' gameplay. When comparing the four NES games, Kyle Knight of Allgame pointed out that the games made little innovation in terms of gameplay and graphics, but that each installment was longer and had more depth to it than the one before it. In Dragon Warrior IV, he argued, "you still have to work around the Dragon Warrior menu system. To open doors, talk to characters, or perform any other action, you have to go to the hotspot for that appropriate action, go to the menu, then click on the appropriate verb." Chris Kohler of Wired noted that the remake of Dragon Quest IV felt "like a retro game" and that "it'll seem very nostalgic and fun to anyone who has fond memories of poking through Dragon Quest IV on their Famicom". Mark Bozon complained of "simple and archaic menus" in his IGN review of Dragon Quest V.
IGN described Dragon Warrior VII's class system as "one of the best class systems seen outside a strategy RPG." In a preview for Dragon Quest IX on 1UP, Jeremey Parish noted that the character customization was a welcome departure from the series of games with only predetermined characters and wrote that "You can define your angel warrior's basic appearance to a degree, but he or she will look like an escapee from a Dragon Ball cartoon no matter what."
LegacyDragon Warrior was listed on GameSpot's list of the 15 most influential games of all time, calling it the "most influential role-playing game of all time" and stated that nearly all Japanese RPGs today have roots in its gameplay. GameSpot also noted that the game's 2D graphics were imitated by most Japanese RPGs until video games began using 3D graphics. In another Gamasutra article, Kalata claimed that Dragon Quest was the first of its genre and that it "went on to inspire dozens of clones. Most of these are the best left forgotten, but it did inspire two more notable franchises: Square's Final Fantasy and Sega's Phantasy Star''". He also noted that when first localized for North America, it was not immediately popular due to "subpar" graphics and "stodgy interface".
Notes and references
External links
Dragon Quest Zenithia Trilogy Official Site
Dragon Quest
Dragon Quest
The following is a list of Portuguese film directors.
A
Alberto Seixas Santos
Alexandre Valente
António Campos
António de Macedo
António da Cunha Telles
António Ferreira
António Lopes Ribeiro
António de Macedo
António-Pedro Vasconcelos
Armando de Miranda
Arthur Duarte
B
Bruno Gascon
C
Chianca de Garcia
D
David Bonneville
E
Edgar Pêra
Eduardo Geada
Eduardo Guedes
F
Fernando Fragata
Fernando Lopes
Fernando Vendrell
G
Glauber Rocha
J
João Botelho
João Canijo
João César Monteiro
João Mário Grilo
João Ponces de Carvalho
João Pedro Rodrigues
João Salaviza
Joaquim Leitão
Joaquim Sapinho
Jorge Brum do Canto
José Álvaro Morais
José Fonseca e Costa
L
Leitão de Barros
Leonel Vieira
Luís Filipe Rocha
M
Manuel da Fonseca
Manoel de Oliveira
Manuel Mozos
Marco Martins
Maria de Medeiros
Mário Barroso
Miguel Gomes
P
Paulo Rocha
Pedro Costa
Perdigão Queiroga
R
Raquel Freire
Rita Azevedo Gomes
T
Tiago Guedes
Portuguese
Film directors
The amateur foil competition had 54 fencers from 10 nations compete. There was no limit on the number of fencers per nation; 39 of the 54 competitors were French. For the first round, quarterfinals, and repechage, skill and art with the foil was more important to advancing than winning the bout. The event was swept by French fencers: Émile Coste, Henri Masson, and Marcel Boulenger took the top three places. It was the second consecutive Games that France had taken the top two ranks
Background
This was the second appearance of the event, which has been held at every Summer Olympics except 1908 (when there was a foil display only rather than a medal event). None of the fencers from 1896 returned.
Nine of the ten competing nations were making their debut in the men's foil: Austria, Belgium, Haiti, Italy, Peru, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States. Only France had previously competed in 1896.
Competition format
The event used a five-round format (four main rounds and a repechage). For the first three rounds (round 1, quarterfinals, repechage) the round consisted of the fencers being paired and fighting a single bout; jury evaluations of skill rather than the match results were used to determine advancement. The last two rounds (semifinals and finals) used round-robin pool play with actual results counting toward placement. Standard foil rules were used, including that touches had to be made with the tip of the foil, the target area was limited to the torso, and priority determined the winner of double touches.
Round 1: The 54 fencers paired off and faced a single opponent in one bout. The jury selected 37 fencers to advance to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals: The 37 fencers were paired off again, with one fencer having no opponent. Three men withdrew, cancelling one bout altogether and resulting in one fencer fencing twice. The jury selected 10 fencers for the semifinals and 14 more for the repechage.
Repechage: The 14 fencers selected from the quarterfinals were paired. The jury selected 6 of them to advance. When one qualified fencer withdrew, a 7th fencer was advanced from the repechage.
Semifinals: The 16 fencers from the quarterfinals and repechage were divided into two pools of 8 fencers each. Each pool played a round robin. The top four fencers in each semifinal pool advanced to the final, while the bottom four fencers went to a classification 9–16 final.
Finals: There was a main final (top 4 from each semifinal) and a classification 9–16 final (bottom 4 from each semifinal). Each was conducted as a round-robin.
Schedule
Results
Round 1
Each fencer had one bout. The result of the bout did not determine advancement; a jury determined which fencers displayed the most skill. The winner of each bout is unknown. 37 fencers advanced to the quarterfinals. Bouts 1 through 18 were held on 14 May; bouts 19 through 27 were held on 15 May.
Quarterfinals
Again, jury verdicts were used in place of match results to determine those advancing to the semifinals. 10 fencers were selected to advance to the semifinals directly, while 14 were sent to the repechage. Three fencers withdrew. Cahan fenced twice, while Sénat did not fence at all.
Repechage
The matchups in the repechage are not known. Once again, jury verdicts rather than match results mattered. 6 fencers were selected to advance to the semifinals. De Saint-Agnan was selected as an alternate, later competing in the consolation final after the withdrawal of Renaud.
Semifinals
The semifinals were the first round of the foil tournament to use match results in determining advancement. The 16 fencers were divided into two pools. Each fencer then faced each other fencer in his pool once. The four fencers with the best record in each pool moved on to the finals, with the other four competing in the consolation. A barrage was used to break a tie between 4th and 5th place.
Semifinal A
Semifinal B
The win–loss record of fencers in this semifinal is not known.
Finals
Classification 9–16
The eight fencers who had placed in the bottom four of each pool in the semifinals competed for 9th to 16th places in the consolation pool. Renaud withdrew, making room for de Saint-Aignan to be activated from alternate status. The win–loss record of fencers in this pool is not known.
Final
The final was held on 21 May 1900. The top four fencers in each of the two semifinals competed against each other, each fencing the other seven once.
Final classifiation
References
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Bhabhar may refer to:
Bhabar, the region south of the Lower Himalayas and the Sivalik Hills in India
Bhabhar, a town in Banaskantha district of Gujarat, India
Hastings is an area in Pearland, Texas, United States that was formerly a distinct unincorporated area in Brazoria County.
Education
Alvin Independent School District operates schools in the area.
External links
Pearland, Texas
Foster and Laurie is a 1975 made-for-TV movie. It is the story of two NYPD officers, Gregory Philip Foster and Rocco W. Laurie, who were murdered while on patrol in the East Village, Manhattan, New York City in 1972.
Production and cast notes
Foster and Laurie originally aired on November 13, 1975 on CBS. It was based in the 1974 book of the same name by Al Silverman.
Talia Shire, who plays the widow, Adelaide Laurie, was at the time between her roles in The Godfather and Rocky.
References
External links
1975 television films
1975 films
1975 drama films
American television films
Films directed by John Llewellyn Moxey
Black Liberation Army
New York City Police Department
American police officers killed in the line of duty
Crimes in New York City
Monotaxis is the generic name of two groups of organisms. It can refer to:
Monotaxis (fish), a genus of fish in the family Lethrinidae
Monotaxis (plant), a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae
Monotaxis, a genus of moths in the family Geometridae; synonym of Monostoecha
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Okamura was born in Nagasaki Prefecture on March 21, 1977. After graduating from Kansai University, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 1999. On May 24, 2000, he debuted as midfielder against Consadole Sapporo in J.League Cup. However he could hardly play in the match until 2001. In 2002, he moved to newly was promoted to Japan Football League club, Sagawa Express Osaka. He played many matches in 3 seasons. He retired end of 2004 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Kansai University alumni
Association football people from Nagasaki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Japan Football League players
Gamba Osaka players
Sagawa Shiga FC players
Association football midfielders
Tin Myint Aung is a Burmese football manager. He is currently managing the Myanmar women's national football team. .
His playing career established in the Yangon University. In 1987, he was a key player of the Finance & Revenue Football Team, the most successful football club in Myanmar football history. He moved to Malaysia along with Myo Hlaing Win and Than Toe Aung in 1989 and he came back in 1991. He retired in 2000.
References
1967 births
Living people
Burmese football managers
Myanmar national football team managers
Footballers at the 1994 Asian Games
Burmese footballers
Asian Games competitors for Myanmar
Association footballers not categorized by position
Women's national association football team managers
Sycacantha diakonoffi is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1987
Olethreutini
Sycacantha
Bojan Dimitrijević (; born 4 November 1973) is a Serbian actor. He is best known for playing the role of a junkie nicknamed Pikac on the television series Vratiće se rode.
His other screen credits include movies such as: Jesen stiže dunjo moja (2004), Sivi kamion crvene boje (2004), Diši duboko (2004), Država mrtvih (2002), Boomerang (2001), and Nataša (2001).
His notable theatre roles include plays such as Trainspotting and Shopping and Fucking, both at Bitef Theatre.
He appears in the music video for Skunk Anansie's "My ugly boy" off their 2010 album Wonderlustre.
References
External links
My Ugly Boy Video on YouTube
Serbian male actors
People from Leskovac
1973 births
Living people
Anton Sergeyevich Kushnir (, born 13 October 1984 in Chervonoarmiysk, now Radyvyliv, Rivne oblast, Ukraine) is a Belarusian aerial skier who competed in the 2006, 2010 and the 2014 Winter Olympics. He has five World Cup victories. Kushnir won a bronze medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships. He won a gold medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, with the highest score in Olympics history.
He is of Ukrainian origin.
References
Freestyle skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic freestyle skiers of Belarus
Ukrainian male freestyle skiers
Belarusian male freestyle skiers
1984 births
Living people
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Belarus
Ukrainian emigrants to Belarus
Naturalized citizens of Belarus
Goreme Col (, ‘Goremska Sedlovina' \go-'rem-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the col of elevation 2666 m linking Doyran Heights to the east to Mount Mohl on the northeast side of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between Dater Glacier to the north and Thomas Glacier to the south.
The feature is named after the settlement of Goreme in Southwestern Bulgaria.
Location
Goreme Col is centred at , which is 2.94 km northeast of Mount Mohl, 8.15 km east of Marts Peak, 8.66 km southeast of Vanand Peak, 4.65 km southwest of Mount Tuck and 1.47 km west by north of Prosenik Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Goreme Col. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Goreme Col. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
It's Gonna Rain is a minimalist musical composition for magnetic tape written by Steve Reich in 1965. It lasts about 18 minutes. It was Reich's first major work and a landmark in minimalism and process music.
Analysis
The source material of It's Gonna Rain consists entirely of a tape recording made in 1964 at San Francisco's Union Square. In the recording, a Pentecostal preacher, Brother Walter, rails about the end of the world, while accompanying background noises, including the sound of a pigeon taking flight, are heard. The piece opens with the story of Noah, and the phrase "It's Gonna Rain" is repeated and eventually looped throughout the first half of the piece.
For the recording, Reich used two normal Wollensak tape recorders with the same recording, originally attempting to align the phrase with itself at the halfway point (180 degrees). However, due to the imprecise technology in 1965, the two recordings fell out of sync, with one tape gradually falling ahead or behind the other due to minute differences in the machines, the length of the spliced tape loops, and playback speed. Reich decided to exploit what is known as phase shifting, where all possible repeated harmonies are explored before the two loops eventually get back in sync. The following year, Reich created another composition, Come Out, in which the phrase "come out to show them" is looped to create the same effect.
The work is in two parts of roughly equal length, the first using the "It's Gonna Rain" sample as mentioned above, the second using a separate section of the speech with short phrases cut together and the resultant pattern then phased as in the first part, but with additional tape delay to create a more processed sound.
During a lecture at the Long Now Foundation, electronic musician Brian Eno cited It's Gonna Rain as his first experience with minimalism and the genre that would come to be known as ambient music.
References
External links
"Steve Reich: Early tape pieces": interview by Jason Gross. Perfect Sound Forever. April 2000.
"Will Wright and Brian Eno - Generative Systems": video of lecture at Long Now Foundation
1965 compositions
Compositions by Steve Reich
Process music pieces
Thekkan Kattu is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by R. S. Prabhu. The film stars Madhu, Sharada, Sukumari and KPAC Lalitha in the lead roles. The film had musical score by A. T. Ummer.
Cast
Madhu as Babu
Sharada as Sosamma
Sukumari as Shyamala Khanna
KPAC Lalitha as Gowri
Adoor Bhasi as Gopalan
Sujatha as Annakkutty
Jose Prakash as Annakkutty's Husband
Sankaradi as Gowri's Father
Paul Vengola
Adoor Bhavani as Babu's Mother
Kaduvakulam Antony as Kunjeli's Husband
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Chacko
Kunchan
Meena as Sosamma's Mother
Rajakokila as Shyamala Khanna's Daughter
S. P. Pillai as Babu's Father
Master Raghu
Soundtrack
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Ravelin Ridge is a ridge which extends north–south and rises to 1400 m (Jerez Peak) in northern Clarence Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It is connected to Urda Ridge to the south by Soyka Saddle, and has its east slopes drained by Treskavets, Orcho and Banari Glaciers.
The UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) applied the name in 1971 following mapping by the Joint Services Expedition, 1970-71. The feature resembles a fortification, hence the use of the term "ravelin".
References
Ridges of the South Shetland Islands
The Statement may refer to:
The Statement (novel), a 1995 novel by Brian Moore
The Statement (film), a 2003 film by Norman Jewison, based on Brian Moore's novel
See also
Statement (disambiguation)
Jaymi Bailey is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the USL A-League.
Bailey grew up in Fruitland Park, Florida. He attended the University of Tampa, playing on the men's soccer team from 1995 to 1998. In 1998, he spent the summer with the Southwest Florida Manatees of the USISL D-3 Pro League. In 1999, Bailey turned professional with the Hampton Roads Mariners. After two seasons in Hampton Roads, Bailey moved to the Nashville Metros in 2001, leading the league in assists that season. He was hampered by injuries and spent 2002 with both Raleigh CASL Elite and the West Michigan Edge. He retired at the end of the season, but attempted a comeback in 2006 with the Nashville Metros.
References
Living people
1976 births
American soccer players
Virginia Beach Mariners players
Nashville Metros players
North Carolina FC U23 players
Southwest Florida Manatees players
Milwaukee Rampage players
Tampa Spartans men's soccer players
USL A-League players
USISL D-3 Pro League players
USL League Two players
West Michigan Edge players
Sportspeople from Lake County, Florida
Association football midfielders
Statistics of Superettan in season 2005.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and AIK won the championship.
League table
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Top goalkeepers
(Minimum of 10 games played)
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Vestfold Island () is a small island offshore, forming the northwest entrance point to Larvik, a bay on the south coast of South Georgia. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1982, after the whaling firm A/S Vestfold, which operated the whaling ship Vestfold and a shore whaling station at the head of Stromness Harbor, from about 1920.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of South Georgia
Surviving Death is a docu-series directed by Ricki Stern about near-death experiences and beliefs in life after death, and psychic mediumship. Its first season of six episodes was released on Netflix on 6 January 2021. The series is based on the 2017 book Surviving Death by journalist and paranormal enthusiast Leslie Kean.
While some reviewers described the show as providing a balanced treatment of a difficult topic, others have been highly critical, noting that the show takes a non-critical view of the scientific value of anecdotal subjective personal reports. The show has also been criticized for presenting pseudoscientific parapsychology as science and has been accused of exploiting the plight of fearful and grieving vulnerable people.
Episodes
Reception
In The Independent 'State of the Arts', column writer Micha Frazer-Carroll described the series as appealing to those who are coping with anxieties about death. She adds that its coverage of near death experiences includes pop culture clichés and superstitions but offers persuasive personal accounts and that it incorporated dominant psychological theories like oxygen deprivation to explain some of the experience. The coverage of mediumship includes accounts of fraudulent exploitation. Frazer-Caroll wrote that skeptics may not become convinced and that the people involved often embraced hope in the afterlife with interest in these experiences to cope with the loss of a loved one. She mentioned Stern's presentation that focused on being open to people's experiences.
Culture writer and film critic Radheyan Simonpillai wrote for The Guardian that the series "has no shortage of paranormal activity. Mediums call on the dead. Seances try to manifest them. People claim to be reincarnated actors, pilots or murder victims while others describe feeling a heavenly embrace during near-death experiences." He adds that the show also welcomes skepticism. Simonpillai mentions that the show "tries to find the tricky balance between that Sherlock skepticism and Doyle's openness to spiritualism" and that "you have to be willing to accept that a visit from a persistent cardinal or flickering lights can be signs from the dead." He quotes Kean: "Everybody has to decide for themselves whether something has that meaning for them or not ... with signs, it's not really objective." He adds that unlike Kean's book, the series focuses more on testimonials of people who believed to have witnessed the afterlife.
Live Science contributor Stephanie Pappas argued that while religious faith is untestable, outside of what science does, the series attempts to portray it as something that could be proven or discredited scientifically and that "it confuses its own narrative by offering the same credulity to outright scams as it does to outstanding questions about the process of death". She adds that while patients may still sometimes have experiences when doctors don't expect them to because their heart stopped, it is not an indication that they are supernatural or don't originate from the brain; that brain-endogenous DMT could possibly also be responsible for such vidid experiences. Some experiences also result from the gradual awakening from sedation at the end of ICU medical procedures. Pappas mentions Parnia who was invited to participate in the show but who declined, reportedly "because the show made no distinction between scientific research on topics such as the recalled experience of death and the pseudoscience of ghosts and mediums." She adds that despite these problems, strong personal experiences can be meaningful to those who live them and potentially transformative. In relation to mediumship, Pappas wrote that people who hire mediums already want to believe and that the show's treatment of the topic was less plausible than that about near death experiences. She concludes that Surviving Death "tells a compelling tale of people's desire for meaning in the universe — and of their deep, unrelenting love for deceased family and friends."
Film critic and pop-culture writer Nick Schager wrote for The Daily Beast that Surviving Death'''s evidence "is of a pseudo-scientific, anecdotal, and/or outright fanciful sort." He criticized the show for ignoring natural explanations, cultural narratives and human tendencies for these experiences and interpretations, but suggesting instead that the afterlife is real. He added: "To the series, anyone who doesn't accept these spiritual concepts and experiences is a 'skeptic' driven by 'hubris and arrogance.' It assumes a perspective in which the veracity of its claims is the norm, and those who view them with suspicion are close-minded cynics." Shager notes that while the series projects a type of skeptical dialogue, it is staged and loaded by believers to suggest conclusions. He adds that while the show does highlight how people cling to such experiences and beliefs for comfort, the repeated suggestions are that of a universal conclusion that lost loved ones are well ("affirmation-by-numbers"). He describes the show's view of afterlife as simplistic, "one in which all ghosts communicate in the same indirect-clue fashion, and have the same unrevealing things to say ... that our paths are irreversibly set in stone, and thus that we have no free will, and that a higher power with a divine plan governs everything and everyone." He noted the use of flawed justifications to avoid evaluating the reliability of claims, like that of ectoplasm generation: that it's averse to light, so cannot be filmed. He concluded by criticizing the recipe used to conclude the series, disguising faith into psychologist statements presenting a false equivalence without resolving anything.
A review in the Explica magazine described Surviving Death as "one of the biggest nonsense of this incipient movie season", "a regrettable attempt to legitimize magical thinking", presenting a collection of pseudoscientific parapsychology as science. It points out that no proper laboratory experiment ever demonstrated evidence of the paranormal, but that advances in neurology conversely demonstrated human experiences and brains to be notoriously unreliable, adding "we can resort to reasonable explanations, without being delirious with the fantasies of Surviving Death, because of our neuropsychological knowledge." It criticized the show for presenting flawed narratives about "materialistic science" like pretending that other methods of knowledge acquisition exist that rival the scientific method, with clichés like "there are things that science cannot prove, but that does not mean they do not happen." It adds that the show promotes delusions as justifications, ignoring that the absence of evidence should imply caution and scientific skepticism instead of jumping to fantastic conclusions. It notes that the various testimonies have been selected and presented by the producers to push their own conclusions and that discredited hoaxes like Franek Kluski's "materialisations" using paraffin are claimed to be genuine. It accuses Surviving Death'' of "taking advantage of desperate people", as Stern's supporting narratives reiterates the conclusions and "uses the terrible grief of his interviewees to support his fallacies ... He uses vulnerable people who have lost a loved one, are broken in pain and admit to being desperate to support his irrational thesis."
References
External links
2020s American documentary television series
2021 American television series debuts
Netflix original documentary television series
Works about death
Major Benjamin Coxson ( – June 8, 1973) was an American drug kingpin from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Nicknamed "The Maj", he was a flamboyant entrepreneur, civil rights activist, inner city power broker and intermediary between Italian-American and African-American organized crime groups. He co-owned a Philadelphia nightclub with civil-rights activist Stanley Branche, was close friends and neighbor to Muhammad Ali and ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Camden, New Jersey in 1972.
Coxson was murdered in his home in Cherry Hill, New Jersey on June 8, 1973. The police theorized that the Philadelphia Black Mafia killed him for his failure to broker a heroin deal with the New York Mafia.
Early life and education
Coxson was born to Israel and Maybell Coxson in Fairbank, Pennsylvania. He attended Benjamin Franklin High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. As a teenager, he worked at shoeshine stands and car washes. He invested the money in used car lots, car dealerships and other enterprises. He was drafted in 1946 during the 1940 to 1947 World War II drafting.
Career
Coxson co-owned a nightclub in Center City Philadelphia with civil rights activist Stanley Branche named the Rolls-Royce Lounge. Coxson operated as a drug kingpin while running the nightclub.
He was arrested 17 times and convicted 10 on fraud and larceny charges. He served 22 months in a federal prison in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania for his involvement in an interstate car theft ring. He was an associate of Angelo Bruno, the mafia boss of the Philadelphia crime family. Coxson was the Black Mafia's narcotic connection, he received high grade heroin from the notorious East Coast drug trafficker Frank Matthews.
He was involved in the establishment of dummy corporations for money laundering, credit card fraud and extortion. Companies such as Crescent Furniture Company, Pyramid Enterprises, Barry Goldstein Agency and Fairmount Foods drew checks that were made payable to Elijah Muhammad's Mosque No. 12 in Philadelphia.
He was a close friend and neighbor of Muhammad Ali when he lived in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. They met in 1968 when Ali spoke at a fundraiser for a neighborhood organization called the Black Coalition of which Coxson was a board member.
In 1970, after Muhammad Ali defeated Jerry Quarry in the ring, he grabbed the microphone from Howard Cosell and declared: "I dedicate this win to Major Coxson, the future mayor of Camden, New Jersey."
In 1972, Coxson ran for mayor of Camden, New Jersey, but lost to Angelo Errichetti. When questioned during the campaign about his criminal record, Coxson replied:
Murder
Coxson was murdered on June 8, 1973, in his home at 1146A Barbara Drive in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. Coxson along with his companion, her daughter, and her oldest son, were bound and shot. Her younger son, was also bound but was able to escape and alert a neighbor. One of the victims told police that four black men in a cadillac arrived at the house at 4:00 AM. He stated that they honked the car horn and were let in the house by Coxson therefore he assumed they were friends. The five men spoke for a while before the violence began.
It was theorized that the Black Mafia ordered Coxson killed for failing to broker a major heroin deal between the New York Mafia and the Philadelphia Black Mafia.
The two lead suspects in the murders were Ronald Harvey and Samuel Christian of the Black Mafia. Harvey was a Philadelphia crime figure that was the 320th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list for his suspected involvement in the Coxson murder. He was arrested and indicted on 11 counts regarding the Coxson murder with bail set at $3 million. He was eventually convicted of the 1973 Hanafi Muslim massacre of two women and five children in Washington D.C. in January 1973. Harvey was never charged with the Coxson murder and died in prison.
Christian was the 321st person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list for his suspected involvement with the Coxson murder. Christian was not convicted of the Coxson murder since no witnesses were willing to come forward.
Coxson was interred at Mount Lawn Cemetery in Darby, Pennsylvania.
See also
List of unsolved murders
Footnotes
References
External links
Allah Behind Bars, Brendan McGarvey, CityPaper, November 7–13, 2002
The Nation: The Pedaling Pol, Time Magazine, Monday, May. 29, 1972
1920s births
1973 deaths
1973 murders in the United States
20th-century American businesspeople
African-American gangsters
American gangsters
American drug traffickers
Black Mafia
Burials in Pennsylvania
Businesspeople from Philadelphia
Deaths by firearm in New Jersey
Gangsters from Philadelphia
Male murder victims
Murdered African-American people
Murdered American gangsters
Nightclub owners
People from Cherry Hill, New Jersey
People from Fayette County, Pennsylvania
People murdered by African-American organized crime
People murdered in New Jersey
Unsolved murders in the United States
Year of birth uncertain
20th-century African-American people
Football at the 2015 Island Games took place from 28 June – 3 July 2015 in Jersey. Matches were played at Springfield Stadium.
Events
Medal table
Medal summary
References
2015 in association football
football
Football in Jersey
2015
"Fuck her right in the pussy" (FHRITP) is a catchphrase that was popularized by several viral videos posted online in 2014. The videos portrayed fictitious bloopers from television newscasts that involved the phrase; the original video focused on a news reporter using the phrase while unaware he was on the air, followed by videos portraying alleged videobombing incidents involving the eponymous phrase on multiple Cincinnati television stations by a character named "Fred".
The phrase and its associated videos quickly became an Internet meme, and inspired real-life videobombing incidents. John Cain, who created the videos, acknowledged that he had been able to profit off them through the sales of official merchandise carrying the phrase. Media attention to the phrase grew in May 2015, where videobombing incidents surrounding the phrase on newscasts in Toronto and Calgary spurred discussion over whether use of the phrase constituted sexual harassment and public humiliation of women.
History
The phrase originated from a hoax video created by YouTube user John Cain in January 2014. The video portrayed a fictitious blooper from a live newscast covering the disappearance of Florence, Kentucky-native Jena Chisholm (who had been safely found in Las Vegas the day prior to filming), which featured a news reporter (played by Cain) on a hot mic, unaware he was on the air, telling his cameraman that he wanted to "fuck her right in the pussy" if she were found.
The video was inspired by videos of bloopers from actual newscasts that had gone viral; Cain had considered the possibility of excluding the phrase from the video, but felt that the juxtaposition of a missing woman with the reporter's sexual desires added to the video's shock value. The video quickly went viral once it was posted to YouTube; Cain believed that the video had "spread faster than the news video of [Chisholm] being found."
In response to the success of the original video, Cain began producing additional videos that surrounded the phrase, portraying fictitious videobombing incidents involving reporters from television stations in Cincinnati, Ohio (all of whom were played by actors). The videos featured a hoodie-wearing man identified as "Fred"; in one video, Fred was depicted interrupting a WLWT reporter during a story surrounding a train derailment, and in another, Fred was seen concluding an eyewitness account of an oil spill during an interview with WKRC-TV with the phrase.
Although seemingly realistic, the media blog Mediaite acknowledged inconsistencies in the videos that affected their authenticity, such as the use of anchors who do not work for the stations in question (including a spliced-in reaction by Fox News Channel anchor Megyn Kelly, who referred to the fake reporter in one of the videos as being Laura Ingle), the subdued reactions by the anchors to Fred's antics, a street sign and restaurant in the background that pinpointed the filming location to Florence—rather than in Cincinnati as implied by the stations portrayed, and that if the videos were authentic, given the age of the actual stories, "some intrepid Reddit user" would have already drawn attention to them. Cain also began to market a line of official merchandise, such as T-shirts, carrying the phrase.
Impact
Following the publishing of the "Fred" videos, "FHRITP" became a wider viral phenomenon. Cain explained that he had earned at least $20,000 in a single month from the sales of FHRITP merchandise, and that he was "completely able to get out of debt, buy a new car, buy a home and relocate to Orlando, Florida, and still have money left over." The videos would inspire a large number of real-life occurrences of people videobombing live news reporters with the phrase—many of whom were unaware that the videos were actually fictitious.
Several incidents involving the phrase garnered media attention. On September 17, 2014, Florida State Seminoles quarterback Jameis Winston was suspended for the first half of Florida State's game against Clemson after "several students tweeted" that Winston had shouted "fuck her right in the pussy" while standing on top of a table in Florida State University's Student Union. Two days later, university president Garnett S. Stokes and athletic director Stan Wilcox, citing results of an "ongoing investigation", announced that Winston would be suspended for the whole game.
On May 10, 2015, a heckler outside of a Toronto FC Major League Soccer match interrupted a live report by CITY-DT CityNews reporter Shauna Hunt with the phrase. Provoked by the obscene language, Hunt confronted nearby men and asked them about the phrase, which they felt was funny and commonplace. The resulting footage went viral; following the incident, Toronto FC owners Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment issued a statement reading that the company was "appalled that this trend of disrespectful behaviour would make its way to our city, let alone anywhere near our stadium." MLSE also announced that it intended to ban four individuals from all of its venues for a year. One of the men approached by the journalist was identified as an assistant network management engineer at utility company Hydro One, who had a salary of just over C$107,000; on May 13, 2015, the employee was fired for violating Hydro One's employee code of conduct. In November 2015, the employee was reinstated following third-party arbitration.
In an interview with the Toronto Star, Cain claimed that he had received an e-mail from one of the men interviewed, claiming that the incident was staged. He felt that the station was "doing it the way I would do it if I was trying to ruin FHRITP." However, the station's head of news Dave Budge denied the allegations, stating that the reactions were "spontaneous and genuine", and that "any suggestion to the contrary is absurd." Hunt explained that the video was meant to "shed light on a much bigger issue."
On May 14, 2015, a Calgary man was charged with "stunting" under provincial traffic safety laws following an incident in April, where he had yelled the phrase at CBC News reporter Meghan Grant while driving by her on the city's "Red Mile". The incident occurred, coincidentally, while Grant was filming an interview for a story regarding a campaign against harassment and other lewd behavior on the stretch during the Calgary Flames' NHL playoff games. On May 15, 2015, it was reported that the police in Halifax, Nova Scotia, were willing to consider the laying of charges in future incidents involving male hecklers using the phrase towards women as a form of public humiliation, justifying the actions as being "sexualized violence".
In February 2022, the Star Tribune interviewed a KARE reporter who had been targeted with the phrase on multiple occasions, including at a previous position at a station in Iowa, and by a bystander while recording an interview over videoconference.
References
Internet memes
Viral videos
Sexual harassment in the United States
Sexual harassment in Canada
Internet memes introduced in 2014
English profanity
Let Me Out may refer to:
Let Me Out (film), a 2013 South Korean film
"Let Me Out" (song), a 2017 song by Gorillaz from Humanz
"Let Me Out", a 1979 song by the Knack
"Let Me Out", a 2013 song by Mr FijiWiji
The 1982 Hillingdon Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Hillingdon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
The 2019 HEC O'Connor Cup was won by University of Limerick who defeated UCD by 2–16 to 1–10 in the final. Six teams were invited to take part in the competition. Queen's University and UCC reached the semi-finals while DCU defeated NUI Galway by 3–18 to 0–6 to win the Michael O'Connor Shield.
Group stage
Six teams were invited to take part in the 2019 O'Connor Cup. They were drawn into two groups of three. UCD, Queen's University and NUI Galway were placed in Group A while University of Limerick, UCC and DCU, were placed in Group B. Each group played three rounds of games during February. The top two teams from each group qualified for the O'Connor Cup semi-finals. The two third placed teams played off for the O'Connor Shield.
Group A
Final table
Group B
Final table
O'Connor Cup Weekend
The O'Connor Shield play off, the two O'Connor Cup semi-finals and the final all formed part of the O'Connor Cup Weekend which was hosted by DIT GAA and the GAA Centre of Excellence in Abbotstown. The final was streamed live by TG4 on their YouTube channel.
Semi-finals
O'Connor Shield
Final
References
2019 in Ladies' Gaelic football
February 2019 sports events in Europe
March 2019 sports events in Europe
The antpeckers are a genus Parmoptila of small seed-eating birds in the family Estrildidae. They range across the tropical forests of western and central Africa.
Taxonomy
The genus Parmoptila was introduced in 1859 by the American ornithologist John Cassin to accommodate Woodhouse's antpecker. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek parmē, the word for a small round shield, and ptilon meaning "feather".
Species
The genus contains three species:
References
The 1894 Pittsburgh Athletic Club football season was their fourth season in existence. The team finished with a record of 4–4.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pittsburgh Athletic Club
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football seasons
Pittsburgh Athletic Club football
The ocellated piculet (Picumnus dorbignyanus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest. It was first described in 1845 as Picumnus d'Orbignyanus by the French ornithologist Frédéric de Lafresnaye, being named in honour of the French naturalist Alcide d'Orbigny, but since then has been largely mis-spelt as P. dorbygnianus. It hybridizes with the white-barred piculet where their ranges overlap.
Description
The adult ocellated piculet is long. The sexes are similar apart from the forecrown which is streaked with red in the male but not in the female. The hind crown and the upper parts of the body are greyish-brown, some feathers having a blackish central section and pale tips, giving a speckled effect. The wings are brown, the large feathers being tipped and edged with buff. The tail is brown or black, with two white central feathers and pale patches on the outer feathers. The underparts are whitish, the throat being scaled with dark colour and the breast feathers having a central dark section, giving a chevron effect. The belly is buff, either plain or slightly barred. The iris of the eye is black or brown, the beak is blackish and the legs and feet are grey. There is a grey orbital ring around the eye. Juveniles resemble females but are rather darker, with fine barring on the mantle and underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The ocellated piculet is native to South America. It is found in the foothills on the eastern side of the Andes, its range extending from Peru and Bolivia to northern Argentina, at altitudes between . Its habitat is primary rainforest and secondary moist forest, where it frequents bushy undergrowth, with vines, creepers and epiphytes. It is not migratory, but may move to slightly lower elevations in winter.
Ecology
The ocellated piculet often feeds in small flocks of mixed species, foraging for small insects and other invertebrates. Little is known of its breeding habits.
Status
The ocellated piculet has a very wide range and is described as a fairly common bird. The population appears to be stable, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
ocellated piculet
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
ocellated piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eagle County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 55,731. The county seat is the Town of Eagle and the most populous community is Edwards. The county is named for the Eagle River.
Eagle County comprises the Edwards, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Eagle County was created by the Colorado legislature on February 11, 1883, from portions of Summit County. It was named after the Eagle River, which runs through the county. The county seat was originally set in Red Cliff, Colorado, but was moved to the town of Eagle in 1921.
The Ground Hog Mine, near Red Cliff, produced gold and silver in two vertical veins in 1887. One vein, or "chimney", contained gold in crystalline form, cemented by iron, while the other contained wire gold in the form of "ram's horns". One of these ram's horns is now on display in the Harvard Mineralogical Museum.
Geography
The highest elevation in the county is the Mount of the Holy Cross which rises to above sea level. The lowest elevation is on the Colorado River at .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Much of the county is taken up by White River National Forest, and much of the rest is managed by the Bureau of Land Management. Interstate 70 crosses the county from east to west.
The Eagle River rises in the southeastern part of the county. It receives Gore Creek at Dowds Junction, and joins the Colorado River in the west. Fryingpan River and the Roaring Fork River intersect the southwest corner of the county.
Adjacent counties
Grand County – northeast
Summit County – east
Lake County – south
Pitkin County – southwest
Garfield County – west
Routt County – northwest
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 24
State Highway 82
State Highway 131
National protected areas
White River National Forest
Eagles Nest Wilderness
Flat Tops Wilderness
Holy Cross Wilderness
State protected area
Sylvan Lake State Park
Trails
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Two Elk National Recreation Trail
Vail Pass National Recreation Trail
Scenic byways
Colorado River Headwaters National Scenic Byway
Top of the Rockies National Scenic Byway
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 41,659 people, 15,148 households, and 9,013 families living in the county. The population density was 25 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 22,111 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 85.4% White, 0.3% Black or African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 10.8% from other races, and 1.9% from two or more races. 23.2% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 15,148 households, out of which 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.5% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 1.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.5% under the age of 18, 11.4% from 18 to 24, 42.1% from 25 to 44, 20.0% from 45 to 64, and 3.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 121.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 125.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $62,682, and the median income for a family was $68,226. Males had a median income of $37,603 versus $30,579 for females. The per capita income for the county was $32,011. About 3.9% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy
According to a report in JAMA, residents of Eagle County had a life expectancy from birth of 85.94 years in 2014, the third-longest in the United States. Men live 84.4 years on the average and women live 87.6 years. Two contiguous counties, Summit and Pitkin counties, rank numbers one and two in the nation in life expectancy.
Factors contributing to the high life expectancy of the three Colorado counties are "high education, high income, high access to medical care, the people are physically active, obesity is lower than anywhere elseso you're doing it right.” said Dr. Ali Mokdad, one of the study's co-authors.
Politics
Communities
Towns
Avon
Basalt
Eagle
Gypsum
Minturn
Red Cliff
Vail
Census-designated places
Dotsero
Edwards
El Jebel
Fulford
McCoy
Wolcott
Other unincorporated places
Bond
Burns
Eagle-Vail
Sweetwater
Ghost Town
Gilman
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Flight of Craig D. Button
National Register of Historic Places listings in Eagle County, Colorado
References
External links
Eagle County Government website
Eagle County Transportation Service, Vail Taxi
Vail Valley Partnership – The Chamber and Tourism Bureau
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
History Colorado
Colorado counties
1883 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1883
Gabriela Potorac (born 6 February 1973) is a Romanian former artistic gymnast. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, she won three medals: a team silver, a silver on vault with a score of 19.830, and a bronze on balance beam with a score of 19.837. At the 1989 World Championships, she won the bronze medal on balance beam with a score of 9.887.
After retiring from competitions Potorac studied at the Sports University in Bucharest and coached at the club Triumf. In 1993 she moved to Japan to work as a gymnastics coach and married there. She later divorced, but stayed in Japan, working as a coach and occasional Japanese-Romanian translator.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bacău
Romanian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Romania
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic bronze medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
European champions in gymnastics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Fru is a puzzle-platform game developed by Through Games. Fru was released for the Xbox One console on 13 July 2016.
Gameplay
Fru is a puzzle platform video game, in which players control a young girl wearing a fox mask through a 2-dimensional environment. The game makes use of the Kinect motion sensing peripheral. The player's silhouette is projected in real-time onto the scenery to manipulate and reveal hidden platforms.
Development and release
Fru was developed and published by Through Games. A prototype was created as an entry for the 2014 Global Game Jam. In March 2014, Microsoft announced at GDC that Fru would be releasing on the Xbox One video game console via their ID@Xbox program. Through Games founder, Mattia Traverso, expressed disappointment at Microsoft's decision to start selling Xbox One consoles without the Kinect device, questioning whether completing the product would be financially viable. Fru was released on 13 July 2016.
Reception
Fru received generally positive reviews from critics.
References
External links
2016 video games
Game jam video games
Kinect games
Puzzle-platform games
Video games about children
Video games about foxes
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Xbox One games
Xbox One-only games
Keng Vannsak (, ; 19 September 1925 – 18 December 2008) was a Cambodian scholar, philosopher and Khmer linguist. He invented the Khmer typewriter keyboard in 1952. He lived in exile in Paris, France, from 1970 until his death in 2008. He died at the age of eighty-three at the hospital of Montmorency in the outskirts of Paris after suffering from a chronic illness.
In modern Cambodia, Vannsak is known for being one of the influential figures for the next generations of Cambodian scholars and intellectuals. He left behind him a legacy in literature, including two drama plays, short stories, many poems and his research from the 1940s.
Politically left-wing, he was a member of the radical Democratic Party, and stood unsuccessfully as its MP candidate in the 1955 elections. He was also a friend and mentor of Saloth Sar (later known as Pol Pot) while both of them were studying in Paris.
Along with Iv Koeus and Khuon Sokhamphu, Keng Vannsak was one of the three pioneers of Khmer linguistics and grammar.
Biography
Keng Vannak was born in a small village in Kampong Cham province on 19 September 1925, the same year Pol Pot was born. Vannsak mentored Pol Pot while both were in France. Both of them appeared to share an opinion on "original Khmer", considering Buddhism and Hinduism had contaminated the Khmer original culture.
After obtaining his baccalaureate in philosophy in 1946 in Phnom Penh, Vannsak continued his studies in Paris on a scholarship and worked as a Khmer-language assistant at the National School of Modern Eastern Languages (Ecole nationale des Langues Orientales). During his studies, he spent two years teaching Khmer language at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.
He later married Suzanne Colleville, a French national, who shared with him a passion for Eastern languages. She held diplomas in the Cambodian, Lao, and Thai languages, and also obtained a degree in physical science at the University of Caen, as revealed by the (unpublished) writing of Khing Hoc Dy, a former student as well as friend of Keng Vannsak.
Career
In 1952, he returned to Cambodia with his wife and a bachelor's degree which he obtained at the Faculty of Literature and Human Science University of Paris in 1951. He later worked as a teacher at the prestigious Lycée Sisowath in Phnom Penh, and decided to stay there from 1952 to 1958.
The most radical of his friends began distancing themselves from him. He covered for the president of the Cambodian Students Association when the group was invited to attend "youngsters' world peace celebrations" in Berlin, but was eventually asked not to go with the group just before they were due to leave.
"Half a century later, Vannsak still fulminated" at the simple idea of it, Philip Short says. Keng Vannsak explained to him that the other ones wanted to get rid of him. Short quoted him: "They knew that I was not the tough kind like them. I thought too much. I was not a stubborn person and did not act with fanaticism nor like an extremist. Ieng Sary, a former high school classmate who later became Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Khmer Rouge government himself told me later: 'You are too sensitive. You will never be a politician. In order to make politics, you have to be tough. You will not get there, brother. You are too sentimental'".
Beliefs
Strongly opposed to the Cambodian monarchy, Vannsak was also known for his role as a mentor to Saloth Sar, later known as Pol Pot, who ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1979. During Pol Pot's rule of Cambodia, at least two million people died from execution, starvation and overwork.
A mentor for Cambodian students in Paris
Keng Vannsak became one of the key figures of the Cambodian student community in Paris. As described by historian Philip Short in his book titled "Pol Pot – Anatomy of a Nightmare", during the winter of 1950, more exclusive student meetings took place several times every month at Keng Vannsak's flat in Paris “to discuss political issues and more precisely about the future of Cambodia, a country which, for the first time, was directly affected by the war in Vietnam”. The historian explains that the meetings was the beginning of Saloth Sar's political training and more involvement into the Khmer political affairs.
Philip Short also details that at that time communism was not their main concern, and recalls that Vannsak himself was more aware of political reality than most of his fellow-students. Vannsak appeared to offend a young Frenchwoman of the high bourgeoisie by offering her, a year before, to go and spend the afternoon at the Fête de l'Humanité, organised by the French Communist Party.
He said: "I had no idea it was a Communist meeting. I thought it was just a celebration for humanity, that's all." Vannsak's studies group tried to stay away from the political labels as most of the members prefer themselves to be part of a progressist trend.
Opposition to Khmerization program
Vannsak and French-oriented scholars opposed the Khmerization program invented by Chuon Nath, and chose another way for language they transformed French words into the Khmer vocabulary using the same pronunciation as much as possible with the Khmer alphabet.
Legacy
In 1952, he invented the Khmer typewriter keyboard. After his death, Prime Minister Hun Sen expressed his regret, saying Cambodia lost a well-known intellectual. Before his death, Vannsak wrote a letter to Premier Hun Sen to let him know that he wanted to visit Cambodia after many years spent abroad since the 1970s. His very close friends said that Vannsak had a very last wish to have his ashes buried inside his mother's stupa in Cambodia.
See also
Chuon Nath
Chuth Khay
Hak Chhay Hok
Khun Srun
Kong Bunchhoeun
Norodom Sihanouk
Pol Pot
Soth Polin
Vandy Kaonn
References
1925 births
2008 deaths
20th-century Cambodian politicians
Cambodian Buddhists
Cambodian writers
People from Kampong Cham province
Cambodian expatriates in France
Cambodian emigrants to France
Cambodian male writers
Cambodian republicans
Cambodian socialists
Democratic Party (Cambodia) politicians
Naturalized citizens of France
University of Caen Normandy alumni
The Firewall Forward CAM 125 is a four-cylinder, four-stroke, liquid-cooled piston aircraft engine built by Firewall Forward Aero Engines. The engine is based on a Honda automotive piston engine.
Applications
Europa XS
Specifications (CAM 125)
See also
References
Notes
External links
Firewall Forward Aero Engines
1990s aircraft piston engines
Firewall Forward aircraft engines
The 2007–08 season in Swedish bandy, starting August 2007 and ending July 2008:
Honours
Official titles
Domestic results
2008 Elitserien play-offs
Final
National team results
Seasons in Swedish bandy
Bandy
Bandy
2007 in bandy
2008 in bandy
This is a list of Dutch television related events from 1972.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
1950s
NOS Journaal (1956–present)
Pipo de Clown (1958-1980)
Ending this year
Births
30 September - Winston Post, actor, TV & radio presenter & former model
Deaths
Guatemala competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's fourteenth appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut in 1952, despite failing to register any athletes in three other editions (1956 to 1964).
Guatemalan Olympic Committee () confirmed a team of 21 athletes, 15 men and 6 women, to compete in 10 sports. It was the nation's largest delegation sent to the Olympics since 1996, surpassing the record of 19 athletes set in London 2012.
Among the Guatemalan athletes, two of them returned for their third consecutive appearance in Rio de Janeiro: badminton player Kevin Cordón and Laser sailor Juan Ignacio Maegli. Other notable athletes also featured siblings Enrique and Hebert Brol in double trap shooting, long-distance freestyle swimmer Valerie Gruest, the youngest of the team (aged 17), and race walker Erick Barrondo, who emerged as the nation's first Olympic medalist in 2012. The most successful athlete of the Games, Barrondo was originally selected to carry the Guatemalan flag, but decided to focus on his training instead for the competition. Artistic gymnast and Youth Olympian Ana Sofía Gómez took Barrondo's spot at the last minute to lead the team in the opening ceremony, the second female in history since swimmer Gisela Morales did so in 2004.
Unlike the previous Games, Guatemala left Rio de Janeiro without a single Olympic medal. Among the Guatemalans competing at these Games, only Maegli improved upon his ninth-place feat from London 2012 to produce the best result for the team, finishing eighth in Laser sailing.
Athletics (track and field)
Guatemalan athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Men
Women
Badminton
Guatemala has qualified one badminton player for the men's singles into the Olympic tournament. Remarkably going to his third Olympics, three-time Pan American Games champion Kevin Cordón had claimed his Olympic spot as one of top 34 individual shuttlers in the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.
Cycling
Road
Guatemala has qualified one rider in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of his top 20 individual ranking in the 2015 UCI America Tour.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Guatemala has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition. Ana Sofía Gómez claimed her Olympic spot in the women's apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Women
Judo
Guatemala has qualified one judoka for the men's extra-lightweight category (60 kg) at the Games. José Ramos earned a continental quota spot from the Pan American region as Guatemala's top-ranked judoka outside of direct qualifying position in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016.
Modern pentathlon
Guatemalan athletes have qualified for the following spots to compete in modern pentathlon. Charles Fernández and Isabel Brand secured a selection each in the men's and women's event respectively after obtaining one of the five Olympic slots from the Pan American Games.
Sailing
Guatemalan sailors have qualified one boat in the men's Laser class by claiming an Olympic berth at the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Guatemalan shooters have achieved quota places for the following events as a result of their best finish at the 2015 ISSF World Cup series and at the 2015 Pan American Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by March 31, 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Guatemalan swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Weightlifting
Guatemala has received an unused quota place from IWF to send a male weightlifter to the Olympics.
See also
Guatemala at the 2015 Pan American Games
References
External links
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
2016 in Guatemalan sport
Mohammad Ali Haj Aghaei () was a political prisoner in Iran who was sentenced to death for co-operation with the Iranian opposition group People's Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and was hanged in Evin Prison on January 24, 2011, along with another political prisoner, Jafar Kazemi. His execution was widely covered by the press and brought international attention to the Human rights situation in Iran.
Haj Aghaei, who was 53 years old at the time of execution, was executed after being convicted of "Moharebeh” (fighting with God), “propaganda against the holy Islamic system,” and belonging to the MEK organization, although there were no reports that he was involved in MEK activities.
Arrest
Haj Aghaei was arrested in 2009 during the massive demonstration in Tehran and was transferred to Evin prison.
Former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, had urged the Iranian authorities to release the two activists, Mohammad Ali Haj Aghaei and JAfar Kazemi.
See also
Human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran
Evin Prison
References
1958 births
2011 deaths
ASMM may refer to:
African States, Madagascar and Mauritius; see Yaoundé Convention
American School of Modern Music, a music school in Paris, France
The red-headed barbet (Eubucco bourcierii) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is found in Costa Rica, Panama, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The red-headed barbet has six subspecies:
E. b. salvini Shelley (1891)
E. b. anomalus Griscom (1929)
E. b. occidentalis Chapman (1914)
E. b. bourcierii Lafresnaye (1845)
E. b. aequatorialis Salvadori & Festa (1900)
E. b. orientalis Chapman (1914)
Description
Male red-headed barbet subspecies except E. b. occidentalis range in weight from . Females except occidentalis weigh . Male occidentalis weigh and females . Males have a red head, an orange to yellow breast, and a white belly . A white collar separates the head from the olive green back. The amount of red on the throat and chest and the width of the orange-yellow breast band vary among the subspecies. The female's crown and nape vary from dull orange to shades of green among the subspecies. Several have a black forehead. Its back is green, the throat grayish yellow with a yellow to orange band below it. Its lower breast is olive-yellow and the belly white. As in the male, there is some variation among subspecies.
Distribution and habitat
The subspecies of the red-headed barbet are found thus:
E. b. salvini, Costa Rica and western Panama
E. b. anomalus, eastern Panama and probably adjacent nortwestern Colombia
E. b. occidentalis, both slopes of Colombia's Western Andes
E. b. bourcierii, Andes of western Venezuela, the east slope of Colombia's Central Andes, and both slopes of Colombia's Eastern Andes
E. b. aequatorialis, coastal mountains and the western slope of the Andes in Ecuador
E. b. orientalis, eastern slope of the Andes in Ecuador and northern Peru
The red-headed barbet inhabits the interior and borders of evergreen mountain primary forest and also adjacent secondary forest. The species' overall elevational range is but there are large geographic variations.
Behavior
Feeding
The red-headed barbet's diet has not been studied in detail, but it is known to include arthropods such as caterpillars and adult insects and fruit such as berries and (at feeders) bananas.
Breeding
Little has been published about the red-headed barbet's breeding phenology. Like other New World barbets, they excavate cavities in trees and sometimes in fence posts. The clutch size is two to five; the female incubates at night and both sexes do so during the day.
Vocalization
The red-headed barbet's song has been described as "a resonant, ventriloquial, somewhat toad-like trill krrrrrrrrrrr" . Some calls have been described as "grunts and snarls" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the red-headed barbet as being of The Least Concern. "Although the overall population trend is believed to be one of decline, the rate of decline is not thought to be a cause for concern."
References
red-headed barbet
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
red-headed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Events in the year 2016 in Greece.
Incumbents
President: Prokopis Pavlopoulos
Prime Minister: Alexis Tsipras
Speaker: Nikos Voutsis
Events
January 11 – Kyriakos Mitsotakis becomes the leader of the Opposition as he becomes president of New Democracy.
Deaths
January
January 6 – Ioannis Petridis, politician (born 1931)
January 7 – Anna Synodinou, actress and politician (born 1927)
November
November 20 – Konstantinos Stephanopoulos, 90, Former Greek President
Predicted and Scheduled Events
August
August 5–21 – 51 athletes from Greece will compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
See also
Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras
References
2010s in Greece
Years of the 21st century in Greece
Greece
Greece
Thomas Hurley (died 21 October 1933) was a British trade unionist and politician.
Life
Thomas Hurley was born in Blackburn, his parents having emigrated from Ireland, and being involved in the radical movement. Hurley became interested in socialism, and founded a branch of the Social Democratic Federation (SDF) in the town. He promoted the group by giving regular public speeches, and served for several years on the party's national executive.
In 1895, Hurley stood for the Blackburn School Board, and topped the poll. In 1898, he forced a vote for the town's elective auditor, and he also won that position. Finally, in 1899, he was elected to the borough council, representing St Paul's ward. In 1900, the SDF affiliated to the Labour Representation Committee, and Hurley was a leading campaigner for Philip Snowden in the Blackburn constituency at the 1900 UK general election.
Hurley resigned from the council in 1901. He tried to regain his seat on three occasions, but was unsuccessful. He remained a member of the SDF, and its successor, the British Socialist Party, in which he was part of the minority who supported British involvement in World War I.
Hurley worked variously as a shuttlemaker, a quarryman, and a club steward. He joined the National Union of General Workers, and became secretary of its local branch, but then transferred to the small Amalgamated Society of Shuttlemakers. He became a district organiser for the shuttlemakers, and then in 1919 was elected as the union's general secretary. He represented the union on Blackburn Trades Council, and in 1923, when the local trades council and Labour Party were merged, he became president. In 1925, he was elected as a Poor Law Guardian, and he eventually won a seat on the council, becoming leader of the Labour group.
Death
Hurley died suddenly on October 21, 1933 while still in office.
References
Year of birth missing
1933 deaths
Councillors in Lancashire
General secretaries of British trade unions
Labour Party (UK) councillors
People from Blackburn
Social Democratic Federation members
Operation Grasshopper was a project to look for natural resources in Suriname from the air. For this project, seven airstrips were constructed in the interior of Suriname from 1959 onward.
The project was the brainchild of the Minister of Development of Suriname at the time, Frank Essed. In order to speed up the process of mapping the natural resources of the country—under the method used at the time it would at least take another few decades before the whole country was mapped—the plan foresaw in the exploration of the country by flying over it using planes with magnetometers and scintillometers on board. In order to be able to do this, seven airstrips were needed in the interior of Suriname. The 7 airstrips were built for the purpose to make the interior accessible for exploration activities.
During the construction of an airport near Paloemeu, a plane carrying building material crashed nearby. The pilot and co-pilot, Vincent Fajks and Ronald Kappel died in the crash. The airport was subsequently named after Fajks. The airstrip at Tafelberg was named after Mr. Kappel.
One result of Operation Grasshopper was the discovery of bauxite in the Bakhuis Mountains. This led to the drafting of the West Suriname Plan.
Airports constructed during Operation Grasshopper
Kabalebo Airstrip
Coeroeni Airstrip
Kayser Airstrip
Oelemari Airstrip
Sipaliwini Airstrip
Tafelberg Airstrip
Vincent Fayks Airport
References
Bruijning, C.F.A. en J. Voorhoeve (red.): Encyclopedie van Suriname, Amsterdam en Brussel 1977, Uitgeversmaatschappij Argus Elsevier, pp. 227–229.
History of Suriname
Reginald New (April 1902, in Lewisham, Kent – 28 November 1958, in Beckenham, Ken) was a popular UK theatre organist whose career spanned the 1920s through to the 1950s.
Career
New was first a chorister and then assistant organist at St George's, Catford later organist at Christ's Church, Chislehurst before he became a cinema organist. When cinemas started using organists to accompany silent pictures, New was among the pioneers at various London cinemas in 1920. On 28 November 1929 he made his first BBC radio broadcast from the Beaufort Cinema, Washwood Heath, Birmingham. After broadcasting 468 times, he transferred to the Regal Cinema at Kingston-on-Thames in 1933 making another 200 broadcasts from there. He was subsequently organist of the State Cinema, Dartford for four years from 1936. He often gave concerts on the Cheltenham Town Hall organ and broadcast from there on 8 December 1935. In August 1940 he was appointed organist of the Regal Cinema, Beckenham. New was unique in that he used two signature tunes - signing in with "Jolly Good Company" and signing out with "Old Father Thames". During his time at Dartford, he composed the "Dartford March". This became a soldiers' marching tune and was sung by many who came back from Dunkirk. Reginald New made over 800 broadcasts in his career. The Compton organ from Washwood Heath was subsequently removed in 1937 and placed in the Abbey Road studios where it was recorded by Fats Waller.
References
1902 births
Year of death missing
English organists
British male organists
Theatre organists
1958 deaths
The NJIT Highlanders men's lacrosse team is a college lacrosse team that represents New Jersey Institute of Technology in Newark, New Jersey, United States. In December 2013, Travis Johnson was hired as the first head coach in the history of the program. It was announced on 6/15/2020 that NJIT athletics would be joining the America East Conference for the 2020-21 academic year, meaning the Highlanders lacrosse team would belong to a conference for the very first time in the 2021 season.
Year by year results
{| class="wikitable"
|- align="center"
†NCAA canceled 2020 collegiate activities due to the COVID-19 virus.
References
External links
Official website
College men's lacrosse teams in the United States
NJIT Highlanders
Abdul Nasser El Hakim (; born 1 November 1960) is a Lebanese-born Curaçaoan businessman and politician. He was the first Minister of Economic Development of Curaçao following the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010. He was one of the founding members of the political party Movementu Futuro Kòrsou.
Early life
Abdul Nasser El Hakim was born on 1 November 1964, in Beirut, Lebanon and migrated from Lebanon in 1985 to Curaçao.
Businessman
In 1990, El Hakim started his business Optika Hakim and has led the company to grow into the largest optical chain on Curaçao, while also starting several other companies. He was Regional Latin American UNDP Goodwill Ambassador and also translated the Quran into Papiamentu.
Giro Bank
In December 2015 the Giro Bank filed for bankruptcy of El Hakim, the bank claimed 600,000 Netherlands Antillean guilder, an amount which El Hakim disputed. The court ruled that a deferment of payment should be taken before bankruptcy measures. A new court session was planned for 4 February 2016. Later in February El Hakim was declared bankrupt, he had four million guilders in debt to several creditors.
Social and cultural organizations
El Hakim is president of Hakim Foundation, president of World Lebanese Cultural Union-Dutch Caribbean, Chairman of Miss Lebanon Committee, Regional Goodwill Ambassador-Latin America and Founding Member of Movementu Futuro Korsow (Political Party).
Business related non-profit organizations
El Hakim is Vice-President- Latin America (2005) to the Lebanese International Business Council, President to the Caribbean Business Council and President to the Federation of Arab-Latin Chambers of Commerce.
References
1960 births
Curaçao businesspeople
Curaçao politicians
Government ministers of Curaçao
Lebanese emigrants to Curaçao
Living people
Movement for the Future of Curaçao politicians
Politicians from Beirut
Superscape is a British developer and publisher of mobile games. The company has developed several mobile games, licensed from such companies as 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, Sony Pictures and Global Wireless entertainment. Superscape evolved from Incentive Software, a publisher of home computer games in the 1980s and 1990s.
Superscape Group plc was listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: SPS), and had offices in Hook, Hampshire (UK), San Clemente, California (USA) and Moscow (Russia) until being purchased by Glu Mobile UK in early 2008.
Games
Alien vs. Predator
Alien vs. Predator 2 2D: Requiem
Alien vs. Predator 3D
Capone Casino 3D
Do3D
Fight Club
Fight Club 3D
Kingdom Hearts VCAST
Lego Creator
Lego Creator: Harry Potter
Lego Creator: Knights' Kingdom
Scuba Solitaire 3D
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion
Top Spin 2
References
Video game companies established in 1983
Mobile game companies
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game development companies
2008 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in Hampshire
Margarite is a calcium rich member of the mica group of the phyllosilicates with formula: CaAl2(Al2Si2)O10(OH)2. It forms white to pinkish or yellowish gray masses or thin laminae. It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system. It typically has a specific gravity of around 3 and a Mohs hardness of 4. It is translucent with perfect 010 cleavage and exhibits crystal twinning.
It occurs commonly as an alteration product of corundum, andalusite and other aluminous minerals. It has been reported as forming alteration pseudomorphs of chiastolite along with muscovite and paragonite. The margarite in this occurrence forms preferentially along the dark graphite rich inclusions with the chiastolite crystals.
Margarite is found in the emery deposits of Turkey and the Aegean islands, and with corundum
at several localities in the United States.
References
Deer, W.A., R.A. Howie, and J. Zussman (1963) Rock-forming minerals, v. 3, Sheet Silicates, p. 95-98.
Mineral Data Publishing PDF
Monoclinic minerals
Minerals in space group 9
Mica group
Kurchum (, ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Kurshim. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
Ertis (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Ertis. Population:
Geography
Lake Zhalauly, a briny endorheic lake, is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Paxton is an unincorporated community in Haddon Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Paxton has nine cemeteries. Alsman Cemetery EST 1858 with 8 known memorials, Arnett Cemetery EST 1852 with twelve known memorials, Boone Cemetery EST 1816 with 53 known memorials, Loudermilk Cemetery EST 1853 with 3 known memorials, McCammon Cemetery EST Abt 1820 with 47 known memorials, McCammon Cemetery #1 EST 18?? With twenty known memorials, McClellan Snyder Cemetery EST 1821 with 238 known memorials, Neil-Paxton Cemetery EST 1821 with 225 known memorials, and the Providence Cemetery EST 1826 with 305 known memorials.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Paxton was laid out in 1868, and was named after James H. Paxton, a local merchant. The post office at Paxton has been in operation since 1864.
Geography
Paxton is located off Highway 41 between Carlisle and Sullivan at .
References
https://www.findagrave.com/cemetery/search?cemetery-name=&cemetery-loc=Paxton%2C+Sullivan+County%2C+Indiana%2C+United+States+of+America&only-with-cemeteries=cemOnly&locationId=city_46896&page=1#cem-2436379
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Tipredane (developmental code name SQ-27239) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Secondary alcohols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Ketones
Organosulfur compounds
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
In the 1953 Virginia gubernatorial election, incumbent Governor John S. Battle, a Democrat, was unable to seek re-election due to term limits. Virginia State Senator Theodore Roosevelt Dalton was nominated by the Republican Party to run against former Democratic U.S. Representative Thomas B. Stanley. As of 2021, this is the last time that the city of Norfolk voted Republican for Governor of Virginia.
Candidates
Thomas B. Stanley, former U.S. Representative for Virginia's 5th congressional district (D), who defeated Charles R. Fenwick.
Theodore Roosevelt Dalton, Virginia State Senator (R)
Results
References
Gubernatorial
1953
Virginia
November 1953 events in the United States
Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts. The game allows players to recreate moments (albeit more humorously) from the first three Indiana Jones films: Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981), Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984), and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989). It features the same drop in/out co-operative play mode as seen in the Lego Star Wars video games, although it is restricted to local console play. The game was released on 3 June 2008 in the United States and Canada, and 6 June 2008 in Europe. A downloadable demo for Windows was made available on 13 May 2008. This game is based on the Lego Indiana Jones toy line. The Mac OS X version of the game was released on 4 December 2008 by Feral Interactive.
As introduced in Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga, new moves include clinging onto branches during a jump using Indy's whip. As a promotion, Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga features Indiana Jones as an unlockable playable character.
The game often follows the events in the films, however like the Lego Star Wars series, some scenes from the film have been altered to allow co-op (Satipo does not die so multiplayer mode could reenact the boulder scene), become more family friendly, or just provide comic relief to the player.
Gameplay
The game follows the storylines from the original, first three Indiana Jones films: Raiders of the Lost Ark, Temple of Doom and Last Crusade. However, the developers of the game divided the story from the movies into six chapters each in the game, with each a story and a freeplay mode as in the traditional Lego gameplay. The story mode must be played first, restricting the player to use preselected characters, from the real scenes in the movie, in the game, with the option to use any other (unlocked) character during the freeplay mode. These characters can then be used to interact with the environment that other characters sometimes cannot do during story mode to gain new items or find new doorways, puzzles or game collectibles.
Barnett College, Dr. Jones' teaching location from Last Crusade (earlier known as "Marshall College" in the prequels) serves as the main hub of the game, and different maps on the walls allow access to each of the missions, extra unlockable content and options are found in the different classrooms. Once a player chooses a mission, a cutscene begins that introduces the section of the movie being played. Notable scenes have been recreated from the movies, such as the memorable boulder escape and the battle on the rope bridge, or Walter Donovan choosing the incorrect Holy Grail.
There are 82 (standard) playable characters in total, 23 characters which are given to players in the story, and 59 characters which may be purchased from the in-game Library. Then, there are the two custom figures which can be made by the players, and the bonus character Han Solo (much like Indiana Jones was a playable character in Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga). A few other characters can also be played with the "Secret Characters" extra on, only playable on certain levels (such as Santa Claus in "Into the Mountains" or Dancing girl 2 in "Shanghai Showdown".) Each character featured in the game has his/her own unique ability, which are required to access new areas when replaying a level in Free Play mode. Lego Indiana Jones allows players to mix and match parts to customise characters and make their own creation like "Belloq Jones" or "Colonel Toht".
LEGO Indiana Jones also allows players to customise characters and make their own creation. In addition, players can play as their custom creation in the Art Room to test their character's abilities. However, all custom characters have the Whip ability, which may clash with their custom character's appearance.
New features were added to the gameplay from the Lego Star Wars series, such as the ability for the player to interact with objects in their environment, e.g. bottles, swords and guns. Players can also build and ride vehicles. The game also incorporates character phobias from the films; for example, if Indiana Jones sees a snake, Willie sees a spider or Henry Jones Senior or Elsa see a rat, they will be frozen with fear and have limited movement capacity until the animals are either dead or out of range. Also, new melee attacks, such as the Whip snag (trips enemies), have been added.
Nintendo DS
The DS version has some significant changes to accommodate both the memory and size limitations of the DS as well as its unique touch screen controls. Characters' special abilities, such as Indy's whip or Satipo's shovel, and elements such as switches can be controlled by using the touch screen. In addition, the built-in microphone comes into play, allowing the player to physically blow out torches in some levels and inflate rubber rafts to cross water hazards.
There are four classes of characters that can use special access panels to enter hidden areas; these all require the player to match a four block sequence by solving a mini-puzzle on the touch screen. Scholars can access scroll panels, and must flip pages in a book to find the correct blocks. Thuggee use red skull panels and move a torch to illuminate the blocks on a darkened screen. Military characters can use the green radio panels and scroll through a set of slot-machine wheels to match the pattern. Brotherhood characters enter the red sword panels and solve a block switching game. In addition, Marion (and Monkey Man) can transform into a monkey on special red pads to climb to otherwise inaccessible areas, and throw bottles of alcohol into flaming trash cans to blow up certain obstacles.
The DS version features cameos by Star Wars characters, including Wicket the Ewok and Luke Skywalker frozen in an ice cave resembling the Wampa's, but unlike the console versions none of the characters are playable. An interesting thing to note is that if you chase Wicket, you might be able to kill him with one hit. In the final scene of "The Last Crusade" The Grail Knight is first shown as a shadow on the wall which looks like Darth Vader, when the shadow draws a sword the blade extends like a Lightsaber. Santa Claus, Strong Man, Castle Knight, and the Clown are the only non-movie characters who are unlockable. There are also no hidden levels and no bonus reward for completing the game at 100%.
Red power bricks remain in the DS version, despite being replaced with red parcels in the console/PSP versions. Also, the characters do not suffer from fear of creatures as they do in the console versions.
Development
It was initially reported that the game would allow up to four players in co-operative mode, but this later turned out to be a miscommunication. While four characters may be visible on the screen, only two can be controlled by players. On the Nintendo DS, up to eight characters may be in the party, but only two may be visible on the screen. Neither the Xbox 360 version nor the PlayStation 3 version support online play through Xbox Live or the PlayStation Network. The Xbox 360 version is backwards compatible with Xbox One and the Xbox Series X.
The music from the films was used in this game, but also some music was extracted from The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles e.g. "Attack of the Hawkmen" or "Daredevils of the Desert" or "Masks of Evil", etc. They were played in various scenes such as when Indy and Satipo approached the temple in "The Lost Temple", or when Indy, Willie and Short Round were preparing the mine cart in "Escape the Mines" or when Indy finds the true Grail in "Temple of the Grail". The original trilogy soundtrack would be used in Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues.
Reception
Reviews for the game were generally positive. IGN gave the game an 8/10 for the Nintendo DS, PS2 and the Wii 8.4/10 for the 360 and PS3 and 7.7/10 for the PSP. which is similar to the Lego Star Wars games. X-Play gave it a 4 out of 5, saying that it has everything that a fan of the films could want, but it is not as fun as Lego Star Wars. Official PlayStation Magazine UK gave the game an 8/10, praising the immersive nature of the game, and praising the series' choices of source material. Official Nintendo Magazine gave the game 82%, just about the same as Lego Star Wars, saying it was very similar and not much has improved. Also, the magazine stated that, "In general, this game could possibly be one of the greatest games ever." Game Revolution gave the game B+, citing that the game, designed by fans of the movie series, provides "addictive game play" with "tons of replay value."
The Nintendo DS version of Lego Indiana Jones was nominated for two DS-specific awards from IGN.com, namely Best Action Game and Best Local Multiplayer Game. The Wii version has also been nominated for multiple Wii-specific awards by IGN, including Best Action Game and Best Local Multiplayer Game.
The game's Xbox 360 version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom. As of April 2009, the game has sold around 7.91 million copies combining sales of all platforms.As of May 2012, the game has sold over 11 million copies.
Sequel
A sequel titled Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues was released. It includes game levels for Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (2008) as well as redesigned levels for the other three movies among other new features.
References
External links
2008 video games
Action-adventure games
Feral Interactive games
Games for Windows certified games
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade games
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom games
Indiana Jones video games
Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures
Nintendo DS games
MacOS games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Raiders of the Lost Ark games
LucasArts games
Traveller's Tales games
Video games scored by David Whittaker
Video games set in Austria
Video games set in Egypt
Video games set in India
Video games set in Nepal
Video games set in New York (state)
Video games set in Peru
Video games set in Shanghai
Video games set in Turkey
Video games set in Utah
Video games set in Venice
Video games with alternative versions
Wii games
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
3D platform games
Spike Video Game Award winners
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Dorcadion optatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1906.
See also
Dorcadion
References
optatum
Beetles described in 1906
Sultan Guled Abdi (, ) was a Somali ruler. He was the first Sultan of the Isaaq Sultanate and his numerous offspring would form the Rer Guled and continue to lead after his death.
Biography
The Isaaq Sultanate was established in the mid-18th century by Sultan Guled of the Eidagale clan. His coronation took place after the victorious battle of Lafaruug in which his father the legendary Abdi Eisa successfully lead the Isaaq in battle and defeated the Absame tribes, permanently pushing them out of present-day Maroodi Jeex region. After witnessing his leadership skills, noble conduct and valiance, the Isaaq chiefs recognized his father Abdi who refused to adopt the Sultan title preferring his son. Guled would be crowned the first Grand Sultan of the Isaaq clan. Sultan Guled ruled the Isaaq from the 1750s up until his death in the early 19th century, where he was succeeded by his eldest son Farah.
See also
Garhajis
Habr Je'lo
Habr Awal
Arap
Isaaq
References
Somali sultans
18th-century Somalian people
19th-century Somalian people
Somalian Muslims
Year of birth missing
African royalty
African rulers
History of Somalia
History of Africa
African monarchs
Grand Sultans of the Isaaq Sultanate
Isaaq Sultanate
The sixteenth season of the American television show Whose Line Is It Anyway? premiered on The CW on March 30, 2020, and concluded on November 16, 2020.
Cast
Recurring
Gary Anthony Williams (five episodes)
Jeff Davis (five episodes)
Greg Proops (three episodes)
Chip Esten (three episodes)
Jonathan Mangum (three episodes)
Brad Sherwood (one episode)
Episodes
"Winner(s)" of each episode as chosen by host Aisha Tyler are highlighted in italics. The winner(s) perform a sketch during the credit roll, just like in the original UK series.
References
External links
Whose Line Is It Anyway? (U.S.) (a Titles & Air Dates Guide)
Mark's guide to Whose Line is it Anyway? - Episode Guide
Whose Line Is It Anyway?
2020 American television seasons
The Homorodul Mic is the left headwater of the river Homorod in Romania. At its confluence with the river Homorodul Mare in the village Homorod, the river Homorod is formed. It flows through the villages and towns Căpâlnița, Vlăhița, Lueta, Merești, Crăciunel, Ocland, Satu Nou, Jimbor, Mercheașa and Homorod. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
Rivers of Harghita County
The Paraguayan ambassador in Rome is the official representative of the Government in Asunción to the Government of Italy.
The Paraguayan ambassador next to the government in Rome, with residence in Rome is concurrently accredited to the governments in San Marino, Jerusalem, Ljubljana (Slovenia), Athens and Bucharest.
List of representatives
References
Italy
Paraguay
The Kruševo Manifesto is a presumable manifesto published by the Revolutionary Committee of Kruševo Republic during the 1903 Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising. It was calling upon the Muslim population to join forces with the republican government in the struggle against tyranny and to attain democratic form of statehood. It urged that the uprising was against the Sultanate, and was not religiously or ethnically based. More, this manifesto is cited by modern Macedonian historiography as historical example of the use of a separate Macedonian language during the uprising. However there is no original preserved and its historical authenticity is disputed. Macedonian historiography refers to a text that was compiled about twenty years after the events. It was published in 1923 by Nikola Kirov in Sofia in his native dialect, as part from a play. In fact at the turn of the 20th century there were only a few researchers who claimed that a separate Macedonian language existed. Though, Macedonian historians object to Kirov's classification of then Krusevo's Slavic population as Bulgarian.
References
External links
The Macedonian and English translations of the Manifesto
Manifesto
Manifesto
1903 in Bulgaria
Macedonia under the Ottoman Empire
Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization
Bulgarian plays
Chasmoptera superba is an insect in the spoonwing family (Nemopteridae). endemic to Western Australia.
It was first described in 1925 by Robert John Tillyard.
The adults are diurnal flying insects. The larvae are predatory.
References
External links
Chasmoptera superba: images & occurrence data from GBIF
Insects of Australia
Nemopteridae
Insects described in 1925
Taxa named by Robert John Tillyard
Haikey Creek and its tributaries drain about 40 square miles in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, US, bounded generally by an irregular line along 61st and 71st Streets on the north, the Arkansas River on the south, Memorial Drive on the west and 145th East Avenue on the east. Within the area are Haikey Park, the Haikey Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant, and Haikey Chapel.
History
Haikey is the name of a Creek Indian family with a number of descendants still living in Tulsa and Broken Arrow today. The chapel, an Indian Methodist church, was built in 1913 with lumber hauled from Sapulpa by Ben B. Haikey, patriarch of the family whose son C. Ben Haikey had founded the church a few years earlier in a brush arbor. The church is located in Section 24, Township 18N, and Range 13E.
Levee
Construction of the levee was completed in October 1985. The structure is an earthen levee 5,860 feet long with and 11.4 foot maximum height and a crown width of 10 feet. The levee has 1-on-3 slopes and an average height of 8.5 feet. The flood of record occurred on June 8, 1974.
References
Rivers of Oklahoma
Rivers of Tulsa County, Oklahoma
Incumbents
President – Reuven Rivlin
Prime Minister – Benjamin Netanyahu
Government of Israel – 34th government of Israel
President of the Supreme Court – Miriam Naor
Chief of General Staff – Gadi Eizenkot
Events
January
January 1 – Tel Aviv shooting
February
February 12-21 – Israel sent 2 athletes to the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
March
March 8 - Tel Aviv stabbings
March 23 – Yisrael Beitenu formally joins the Thirty-fourth government of Israel
March 24 – Hebron shooting incident
May
14 May – Hovi Star represents Israel at the Eurovision Song Contest with the song “Made of Stars”.
May 27 – First ever Miss Trans Israel
June
June 8 – Tel Aviv shooting
July
June 6-10 – Israel sent 17 athletes to the 2016 European Athletics Championships
June 28-August 6 – Israel men's national lacrosse team competed in the 2016 European Lacrosse Championship, winning the silver medal.
August
August 5–21 – 47 athletes from Israel competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
August 29 - Opening of the Migdal HaEmek – Kfar Baruch Railway Station
September
September 1 – AMOS 6 satellite is destroyed during launch testing
September 2-4 - Israel national American football team competed in the European Championship of American football for the first time, losing both of their games
September 7-18 - Israel sent 33 athletes to compete in the 2016 Summer Paralympics
September 13 – Ofek 11 satellite launches from Palmachim Airbase
September 23 - Israel qualified for the 2017 World Baseball Classic
November
November 22 – November 2016 Israel wildfires
December
December 12 – Israel received its first pair of F-35 Lightning II from the United States.
Deaths
February 13 – Avigdor Ben-Gal, general (b. 1936)
March 17 – Meir Dagan, army officer and Mossad Director-General. (b. 1945)
August 28 – Binyamin Ben-Eliezer, general and politician (b. 1936)
September 28 – Shimon Peres, Former Prime Minister of Israel (b. 1923)
See also
Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
2010s in Israel
Israel
Israel
Years of the 21st century in Israel
Peniston Lamb may refer to:
Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne (1745–1828), British politician
His son Peniston Lamb (1770–1805), British politician, MP for Newport 1793–96 and Hertfordshire 1802–05
William Barnes Sr. (May 25, 1824 - February 22, 1913) was an American attorney, author and government official from Albany, New York. He was an anti-slavery activist and a founder of the Republican Party. Barnes served as New York's first state Superintendent of Insurance, and held the office from 1860 to 1870. The works he authored included 1904's Semi-centennial of the Republican Party. He was the son-in-law of Thurlow Weed and the father of Catherine Weed Barnes and William Barnes Jr.
Early life
William Barnes Sr. was born in Pompey, New York on May 25, 1824, a son of Orson Barnes and Eliza Phelps Barnes. He was educated in the schools of Pompey and attended Manlius Academy in Manlius, New York. Barnes taught school after graduating, and was one of the organizers of New York State's first formal professional development meetings for educators, annual institutes that took place in Baldwinsville in 1843 and 1844. While working as a teacher, he began studying law at the Baldwinsville firm of Minard & Stansbury. He later studied with Hillis & Pratt of Baldwinsville and James R. Lawrence of Syracuse. Barnes was admitted to the bar in 1846, and began to practice in Utica.
Legal career
Barnes soon moved from Utica to Albany, where he practiced law as a partner in the firm of Hammond, King & Barnes, which also included Samuel H. Hammond. For several years in the 1850s, Barnes served as special counsel to the state Department of Banking, and his examination of several banks revealed them to be insolvent, so they were dissolved. Barnes was also appointed special counsel to represent the City of New York when members of the Astor family and several other wealthy residents attempted to overturn their property tax assessments. In 1855, he received a state appointment as a special commissioner to examine several insurance companies based in New York City. His investigation revealed them to be fraudulent, they were forced out of business, and the state legislature enacted several new laws designed to improve oversight of the industry.
One of the reforms passed by the legislature included the creation of a state Department of Insurance headed by a superintendent appointed to a five-year term. Barnes was named to the post in 1860, and was the first person to hold it. He was reappointed in 1865, and served until 1870. Barnes was credited with improving the overall condition of the insurance business in New York, and his influence was felt worldwide as the format and content of the annual reports his department produced were praised as exemplars in the insurance journals of several European countries, including England and Prussia.
Political career
Originally a Democrat, in the 1840s Barnes became interested in the movement to abolish slavery. He joined the Liberty Party in 1843 and supported James G. Birney for president in 1844. In 1848 he joined the Free Soil Party and supported Martin Van Buren in that year's presidential election.
In 1854, Barnes took a leading role in creating the Republican Party as America's main anti-slavery party and was a delegate to its first New York state conventions, which were held in Saratoga Springs and Auburn. In 1855 he was the primary organizer of the party in Albany County. In 1856, Barnes was one of the creators of the Kansas Aid Society, which states opposed to slavery organized to provide assistance to anti-slavery advocates during the Bleeding Kansas controversy, and was one of the planners of the two Kansas Aid conventions that were held in 1856, one in Cleveland, and the other in Buffalo.
In 1872, Barnes was one of the U.S. delegates to the eighth session of the International Statistical Congress, which took place in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The International Statistical Congress was an ongoing effort by representatives from Russia, the United States, and several European countries to share methods for collecting, analyzing, and presenting data. Topics included agriculture, business, and education, and the participants aimed to enable more effective government action based on improved situational awareness. Barnes was a leading participant in the 1872 session's subcommittee on the insurance industry, and his efforts were recognized at the end of the event when Czar Alexander II personally presented Barnes a diamond ring as a token of his thanks.
In 1904, Barnes was a member of the thirteenth Universal Peace Congress, which took place in Boston. The peace congresses met periodically from the mid-1800s until the 1930s, and sought to prevent wars by identifying other ways to resolve international disputes. In 1907, he was a delegate to the World's Peace and Arbitration Convention.
Career as author
In his later years, Barnes was a resident of Nantucket, Massachusetts, where he owned a house that had originally been built for Charles O'Conor. He was a frequent contributor to legal journals and history magazines. Among his published works, Barnes was the author of 1864's The Settlement and Early History of Albany. In addition, he prepared a history on the first fifty years of the political organization he helped found, 1904's Semi-centennial of the Republican Party.
Civic and professional memberships
Barnes was the founder and first president of New York's state Society of Medical Jurisprudence. He was also a fellow of London's Royal Statistical Society. He was a member of the New York State and Albany County bar associations and a member of the American Society of International Law. Barnes belonged to the American Geographical Society and National Geographic Society. He was also a founder of Albany's Fort Orange Club and a member of the Albany Institute of History & Art.
Death and burial
Barnes died at his home in Nantucket on February 22, 1913. He was buried at Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York.
Family
In 1849, Barnes married Emily Weed, a daughter of Whig and Republican leader Thurlow Weed. She died in 1889, and in 1891 Barnes married Elizabeth "Lizzie" Balmer Williams (1844-1926), the widow of San Francisco Evening Bulletin editor Samuel Williams, who had previously worked for the Albany Evening Journal.
With his first wife, Barnes was the father of five children:
Catherine Weed (1851-1913), the wife and professional partner of photographer Henry Snowden Ward
Thurlow Weed Barnes (1853-1918), author of a biography of Thurlow Weed and international businessman with railroad and mining interests in China.
Emily Weed Barnes (1856-1932), the wife of George C. Hollister, a prominent businessman and civic leader of Rochester, New York
Harriet Isabella Barnes (1864-1928), a notable painter and the wife of Judge Rufus Thayer
William Barnes Jr. (1866-1930), New York newspaper publisher and Republican Party leader
References
Sources
Books
Internet
Newspapers
Magazines
External links
1824 births
1913 deaths
People from Pompey, New York
Politicians from Albany, New York
Lawyers from Albany, New York
Writers from Albany, New York
People from Nantucket, Massachusetts
American abolitionists
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) Libertyites
New York (state) Free Soilers
New York (state) Republicans
American statisticians
Burials at Albany Rural Cemetery
19th-century American lawyers
This is a list of films released by the British studio Stoll Pictures, one of the largest European studios of the 1920s. It excludes films made in other countries but distributed in the United Kingdom by Stoll.
1910s
1920s
1930s
See also
List of Two Cities Films
List of British and Dominions films
List of Gainsborough Pictures films
List of Ealing Studios films
List of British Lion films
List of British National films
List of General Film Distributors films
List of Paramount British films
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918-1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971.
Stoll Pictures films
Stoll Pictures
Kersi Lord (14 February 1935 – 16 October 2016) was an Indian film score composer, music arranger and accordion player. He was particularly well known for his association with noted Indian music composers like Naushad, Madan Mohan, S D Burman, Laxmikant-Pyarelal, R D Burman, Kalyanji-Anandji and Usha Khanna.
Biography
Kersi was born in Mumbai to Cowas and Banubai Lord. His father was a pioneering Indian percussionist who is credited with bringing the bongo and Conga to Hindi film music. His mother came from a family of musicians. His younger sister Hilla played the piano and brother Burjor (also known as Buji) is a prominent percussionist.
Early career
Lord started his career at the age of 14. He would often accompany his father to the studios. In 1949–50, Naushad ji was composing music for film Jadoo and enquired with Cowas Kaka about master Kersi who was accompanying him in the studios. On knowing that Kersi was being groomed by Cowas Kaka, Naushad ji allowed Kersi to play Bongos in recording of song Lo Pyar Ki Ho Gai Jeet. Kersi soon joined the orchestras as a percussionist, playing various Latin-American instruments, especially the jazz drums.
Death
He died in October 2016, aged 81. He had developed age-related illnesses and had been hospitalised for nearly a week. His funeral was held at the Parsi Crematorium in Worli.
Personal life
Lord is survived by his daughters Jasmin, Perizad and Zarine.
References
1935 births
2016 deaths
Musicians from Mumbai
20th-century Indian composers
Indian male composers
Parsi people from Mumbai
20th-century male musicians
Antonio Barroso Sánchez-Guerra (1893 – 1982), a general, was a senior member of the Francoist State in Spain. He was Minister of the Army between 25 February 1957 and 10 July 1962.
Barroso was also the main protector of the French fascist Louis Darquier, who was given asylum in Spain after World War II.
References
Bibliography
Fernández de Córdoba, Fernando (1939): Memorias de uno soldado locutor. Madrid, Ediciones Españolas S.A.
Lojendio, Luís María de (1940): Operaciones militares de la guerra de España: 1936-1939. Prologue by Antonio Barroso. Barcelona, Ed. Montaner y Simon
Pérez Fernández, Herminio: Guía política de España. Instituciones, ABC. 14 November 1976
1893 births
1982 deaths
Spanish anti-communists
Defence ministers of Spain
Spanish lieutenant generals
Jenico William Joseph Preston, 14th Viscount Gormanston, (1 June 1837 – 29 October 1907), was an aristocratic Anglo-Irish colonial administrator.
Born at Gormanston Castle, County Meath, he was son and heir of Edward Preston, 13th Viscount Gormanston by his wife Lucretia, daughter of William Charles Jerningham.
He joined the 60th King's Royal Rifle Corps in 1855, and served as a Lieutenant during the Indian Rebellion of 1857, before retiring from the British Army in 1860.
Jenico Preston then held the ceremonial posts of High Sheriff of County Dublin (1865), County Meath (1871) before being appointed Chamberlain to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Marquess of Abercorn, between 1866 and 1868. He succeeded his father as viscount in 1876, and entered the House of Lords in the subsidiary title of Baron Gormanston, created for his father in the Peerage of the United Kingdom in 1868.
In 1885 Gormanston was appointed Governor of the Leeward Islands, a post he held until 1887, and then served as Governor of British Guiana from 1887 to 1893 and as Governor of Tasmania from 1893 to 1900.
Lord Gormanston married firstly Hon. Ismay Louisa Ursula Bellew, daughter of Patrick Bellew, 1st Baron Bellew, in 1861; they had no children. After his first wife's death in 1875, he married secondly Georgina Jane Connellan, daughter of Major Peter Connellan, in 1878; they had three sons and one daughter. Lord Gormanston died at Dublin in October 1907, aged 70, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Jenico Edward Joseph Preston, 15th Viscount Gormanston.
See also
Peerage of Ireland
Notes
Further reading
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (2015 edition).
1837 births
1907 deaths
19th-century Irish people
20th-century Irish people
Irish soldiers
People from County Meath
King's Royal Rifle Corps officers
British military personnel of the Indian Rebellion of 1857
Governors of the Leeward Islands
Governors of Tasmania
Governors of British Guiana
High Sheriffs of Meath
High Sheriffs of County Dublin
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Colony of Tasmania people
Benjamín Galván Gómez (10 June 1972 – 28 February 2014) was a Mexican businessman and politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was the mayor of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, from 1 January 2011 to 30 September 2013. His political projects focused on promoting education, improving the standards of living, and in bringing back a sense of public security to the citizens of the city. He also owned the newspapers Primera Hora and Última Hora. During his mayoral administration in Nuevo Laredo, Galván received numerous threats from organized crime. Five months after his term, he was kidnapped and killed by alleged members of the Los Zetas crime syndicate.
Early life and career
Benjamín Galván Gómez was born in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico, on 10 June 1972. His parents were Benjamín Galván Maytonera and Martha Graciela Gómez. He was married to Martha Alicia Aldapa Campos and had three children. Galván graduated from the Autonomous University of Tamaulipas (UAT) in 1993 with a degree in accounting, as well as from the Universidad Valle del Bravo with a degree in law in 1997.
As a businessman, Galván was the general-director and owner of the newspapers Primera Hora and Última Hora. He also taught as a professor at the UAT and served as president of the Cruz Roja and Casa del Migrante in Nuevo Laredo. In politics, Galván held the following positions: head of the Fiscal Office of Tamaulipas in Nuevo Laredo, director of Protección Civil y Bomberos, director and delegate of the Tamaulipas Department of Tourism, member of the Binational Committee of Tourism, and leader of Frente Juvenil.
Mayoralty
From 1 January 2011 to 30 September 2013, Galván served as the municipal president (mayor) of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, a border city on the U.S.-Mexico border. Sponsored by the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), Galván had won the mayoral election with 73% of the votes, succeeding former Nuevo Laredo mayor Ramón Garza Barrios (2008–2010). The PRI created a party coalition known as "To-dos Tamaulipas" (All Tamaulipas) with the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico and the New Alliance Party. Galván won with 83,250 votes in favor, while the runner-up contender José Salvador Rosas Quintanilla of the National Action Party (PAN) received 22,330 votes. The other candidates that ran for office were Everardo Quiroz Torres of the Party of the Democratic Revolution, who received 3,917 votes; Angélica López Quiroz of the Labor Party, who received 1,138; and Jorge Alejandro García Amador of Convergence, who received 963. Galván's mayor pro tempore was Delfino Eduardo González Muñoz.
During his administration Galván said his projects were based on three main pillars: bringing back tranquility to Neolaredenses (citizens of Nuevo Laredo); improving employment and the standard of living; and working to promote education. In his first annual government speech after a year in office, Galván talked about the administration's projects in security, financing, and public works. He stated that by the end of 2011, the Nuevo Laredo municipal government managed to reduce its debt by 600 million pesos (equivalent to US$45,826,200). In coordination with the state government and federal authorities, he emphasized the importance of Operation Security Tamaulipas for crime prevention in Nuevo Laredo. In his second annual speech, he talked about the projects carried out in his administration, recognizing that public debt and security were the biggest challenges and priorities in his term. In his third and final annual speech, Galván talked about the city's advances in infrastructure and other public works. City officials, including politicians from other parties and the mayor of Laredo, Texas, Raul G. Salinas, graded Galván's term as "Good".
In his term Galván inaugurated the Dr. Rodolfo Torre Cantú Auditorium with a 5,000-seat capacity and the future home stadium of the Toros de Nuevo Laredo basketball team; the Unidad Deportiva Benito Juárez (Benito Juárez Sport Complex), the home stadium of the Bravos de Nuevo Laredo football club; Nuevo Laredo's first aquarium in Parque Viveros and its first amusement park with mechanical dinosaurs and other educational attractions at Park Narcisco Mendoza, as well as the reconstruction of other installations for social events.
In the last year of his administration, however, the Superior Auditor of the Federation, the audit office of the Mexican federal government, discovered two irregularities in the city's spending and budget. On 30 September 2013, at the end of his mayoral administration, Galván was succeeded by Carlos Enrique Canturosas Villarreal of the PAN. That year, the new mayor opened an investigation against eleven former city officials alleged to be involved in the financial case. On 8 November 2016, one of the city's former financial heads, Juan Fernando Miranda Macías, was arrested for illegally using city resources. He was released from prison in two days after a judge concluded that the accusations against him were inconclusive.
Threats from organized crime
During his tenure as mayor, Galván received death threats from organized crime. Nuevo Laredo has been the battleground among Mexico's drug trafficking organizations given its proximity to the U.S–Mexico border and Interstate 35, a lucrative route where most of the cocaine, marijuana and methamphetamine that reaches the United States are smuggled through. In May 2012, alleged organized crime members left the headless corpses of 14 men inside a vehicle near the Nuevo Laredo city hall. Alongside the corpses was a written message reportedly from the Sinaloa Cartel that accused Galván and other city officials of working for Los Zetas (such accusations between gangsters and local officials are common in Mexico). In June 2012, a car bomb detonated outside the Nuevo Laredo city hall at Galván's parking area, injuring several bystanders. In February 2013, the Nuevo Laredo police chief Roberto Alejandro Balmori Garza was kidnapped and his two brothers were found dead. He had been appointed by Galván as head of the police in 2011 following the murder of Manuel Farfán Carriola, the former police chief of Nuevo Laredo.
In an interview held in 2013, Galván said that Nuevo Laredo, aside from the violence generated by organized crime, was plagued with extortions, armed robberies, car hijackings, and regular thefts. He recognized that restoring public safety was possible, but reiterated that it was a difficult and long process for all branches of the government. Among the solutions he proposed was the reconstruction of Nuevo Laredo's social fiber, since he believed that that would keep the younger generations and those suffering from poverty away from the lure of organized crime. Galván admitted that the Nuevo Laredo police force was composed entirely of members of the Mexican Armed Forces, the Federal Police, and Tamaulipas state law enforcement and not by municipal police officers, who had all been suspended for investigation and training. However, he said that the military had a role to play, but that he wanted to see civilian forces step up to the job in the future.
Kidnapping and death
As Galván left a Farmacia Guadalajara drugstore near his home in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, on the evening of 27 February 2014, he was kidnapped along with businessman Miguel Ángel Ortiz. His vehicle was discovered abandoned with open doors in the pharmacy's parking lot by his wife. The following day, a disfigured corpse found in the trunk of a pickup truck in the town of García, Nuevo León, was taken to the hospital of the Autonomous University of Nuevo León. After more than a month of forensic examination, experts officially identified the corpse as that of Galván on 31 March 2014. Post-mortem reports concluded that Galván had been tortured before being killed with a coup de grâce. The exact location of Galván's murder remains unknown, although authorities tend to believe he was most likely killed in Tamaulipas.
On 11 March 2014, Mexican authorities arrested Carlos Pérez González, a former member of the Mexican Army Special Forces and ex-policeman from Nuevo León, for his involvement in Galván's murder. Pérez González confessed following his arrest, alleging that Los Zetas had recruited him. The police reported that unidentified gangsters ordered Pérez González and Oziel Enrique Medina Rangel (alias "El Trompas") to transport the former mayor's corpse through Nuevo León and into Coahuila state. But because of law enforcement surveillance on their planned route, they abandoned the truck with Galván's corpse in García, Nuevo León. For disobeying those orders, organized crime members killed "El Trompas" and dumped his body in Salinas Victoria.
On 17 March 2014, José Isidro Cruz Villarreal (alias "El Pichilo") was arrested for his involvement in the murder. Investigators believe he was one of the men in charge of ordering Pérez González and "El Trompas" to transport the body to Coahuila. "El Pichilo", who had escaped from prison during the Apodaca prison riot in 2012, was arrested following information provided by Pérez González. On 12 April 2014, Pérez González was stabbed to death by unknown assailants in the restroom area at the Topo Chico prison in Monterrey.
The kidnapping and murder of the former mayor came as a surprise to some law enforcement authorities given the fact that Galván was living a seemingly ordinary life as a citizen of Laredo–Nuevo Laredo border area. "He didn't have to worry about anything and then he gets kidnapped", said Webb County Sheriff Martin Cuellar. The authorities believe that the attack was perpetrated by Los Zetas, but the motives behind the incident remain unknown.
Funeral
Hundreds of people, including family members, friends, local citizens, and politicians, attended Galván's funeral at the Catholic Catedral del Espíritu Santo in Nuevo Laredo on 4 April 2014. Nuevo Laredo bishop Gustavo Rodríguez Vega and Laredo, Texas bishop James Anthony Tamayo jointly conducted the mass, assisted by 12 priests. Following the ceremony, the former mayor was buried at the Panteón de Los Ángeles cemetery.
See also
List of kidnappings
List of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War
List of unsolved murders
Mexican drug war
References
External links
Benjamín Galván Gómez on Blogger
1972 births
2010s missing person cases
2014 deaths
2014 murders in Mexico
21st-century Mexican politicians
Assassinated mayors
Assassinated Mexican newspaper publishers (people)
Assassinated Mexican politicians
Autonomous University of Tamaulipas alumni
Autonomous University of Tamaulipas faculty
Deaths by firearm in Mexico
Formerly missing people
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
Kidnapped politicians
Male murder victims
Mexican torture victims
Missing person cases in Mexico
People from Nuevo Laredo
Politicians from Tamaulipas
Politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War
On Language was a regular column in the weekly New York Times Magazine on the English language discussing popular etymology, new or unusual usages, and other language-related topics. The inaugural column was published on February 18, 1979 and it was a regular popular feature. Many of the columns were collected in books.
Columnist and journalist William Safire was one of the most frequent contributors from the inception of the column until Safire's death in 2009. He wrote the inaugural On Language column in 1979. starting it with the greeting: "How do you do. This is a new column about language." In more than 30 years, he contributed more than 1300 installments to the column.
Safire was succeeded by Ben Zimmer, who wrote the column until its final edition on
February 25, 2011.
About the cancellation of the column, the incoming editor of New York Times Magazine Hugo Lindgren explained this and other changes to the magazine: "It is mine now. I'm in charge. We're going to be doing some significant redesign work, and have a newish magazine by the end of January. The big thing is, I want to create a kind of new identity for the front-of-the-book section. That doesn't mean that everything's being tossed out. We're looking at everything and evaluating what sort of fits."
See also
Philologos
References
External links
A collection of On Language columns published in The New York Times
English language
The New York Times Magazine
While lying on the enriched continent of Africa, Equatorial Guinea has proved to be entrenched in ancient rituals and songs. This is especially true for the Fang, a people whose territories begin at the southern edge of Cameroon south of Kribi, Djoum, and in the South Province and continue south across the border, including all of Río Muni in Equatorial Guinea, and from there south into Gabon and Congo. The capital island of Bioko has largely been influenced by Spanish customs and traditions during the colonial period, when education and health services were developed in the country.
Traditions
Many Bubi farmers still hold to their ancient customs. One of the country's most famous celebrations is the abira, which is believed to cleanse the community of evil. The balélé dance is performed along the coast throughout the year and on Bioko around Christmas.
Religion, race, and language
Most people in the country are nominally Christian, but practice a combination of Roman Catholicism and traditional pagan customs.
Spanish, French, and Portuguese are the official languages of the country.
Despite a veneer of Spanish culture and of Roman Catholic religion that is thicker in Bioko than on the mainland, Equatorial Guineans live largely according to ancient customs, which have undergone a revival since independence. Among the Fang of the mainland, witchcraft, traditional music (in which the Fang harp, the xylophone, the great drums, and the wooden trumpet are used), and storytelling survive. Spanish aid is much oriented to educational and health services. Among the Bubi farmers of Bioko, some ancient customs are still followed.
Music
The Fang is known for the mvet, an instrument that looks like a cross between a zither and a harp, and can have up to fifteen strings. The semi-spherical part of this instrument is made of bamboo, and the strings are attached to the center by fibers. Music for the mvet is written in the form of musical notation that can only be learned by the initiates of the bebom-mvet society. Music is typically call and response with a chorus and drums alternating.
Musicians like Eyi Moan Ndong have helped to popularize folk styles.
Cinema
Juan Pablo Ebang Esono is one of the top filmmakers in the country. In 2010, Esono directed Teresa, the first medium-length film to be produced in Equatorial Guinea.
See also
Raquel Ilombé: Poetry and writings
References
The ashy woodpecker (Mulleripicus fulvus) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. It is endemic to Sulawesi and surrounding islands in Indonesia. There are two subspecies, the nominate race M. f. fulvus, which is found in northern Sulawesi, the islands of Lembeh and Manterawu, and the archipelagos of Togian and Banggai; and M. f. wallacei, from southern Sulawesi and the islands of Muna and Buton. The second subspecies is named for the collector and scientist Alfred Russel Wallace.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and tropical moist montane forests. They prefer closed forest, but can be found in secondary forest and patches of forest in savannah. They are assumed to be non-migratory, and can be found from sea level to .The species is not uncommon and is considered secure for now.
The ashy woodpecker is a large woodpecker, in length. The male has a red face to the mid-crown, and the back of the head and neck are grey. The throat, front of the neck and belly are buff-coloured, and the rest of the back and wings are grey-brown to dark slate grey. The long bill is black, and the iris of the eye yellow; the eye is surrounded by a grey eye-ring. The female is like the male but the head is entirely grey, faintly spotted except for the forehead. M. f. wallacei resembles the nominate subspecies, but the red on the face encompasses most of the head. It also has a slightly longer tail and wings, but a slightly shorter bill. The calls include laughing calls of hew-hew-hew-hew-hew and tuk tuk tuk, but these are muffled, not loud. They also drum during the breeding season.
Ashy woodpeckers predominantly feed on trees, but may also break into termite nests on the ground. In trees, they are often seen on trunks. They feed on termites, caterpillars and other insects and arthropods. Little is known about their nesting; one pair was observed digging a nest hole, with the male doing most of the work. Nesting holes are found in dead trees or in the dead sections of living trees. Two to three eggs are laid.
References
ashy woodpecker
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
ashy woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
