Sasa Zivoulovic (born 14 April 1972) is a Greek handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Zaječar
Harlan Eugene Tarbell (February 23, 1890 – June 16, 1960) was an American stage magician and illustrator of the early 20th century. He was the author of the well-known Tarbell Course in Magic.
His only foray into cinema was an early 1930s film short entitled "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century". He directed the production and starred as Doctor Huer.
Childhood and career in illustration
Tarbell was born on February 23, 1890 in the Illinois town of Delavan, but spent his childhood in Groveland. Tarbell created cartoons for a newspaper in Morton when he was 12 years old. It was at this time that Tarbell received one of his earliest introductions to professional magic, when he hiked five miles along the railroad tracks to watch magician Harry August Jansen, aka Dante, perform at the Morton Town Hall.
In 1911, Tarbell moved to Chicago in order to pursue a professional career in illustration. His efforts attracted the attention of the magic company Read and Covert, which hired Tarbell to work on their Illustrated Catalogue of Superior Magical Apparatus. Tarbell continued to produce illustrations for Read and Covert until 1941.
During World War I, Tarbell served with the 24th Air Company in France, working with the medical department. He found time during his service to illustrate a military atlas and study with French impressionist Claude Monet.
Tarbell Course in Magic
Publishers T. Grant Cooke and Walter A. Jordan developed an interest in producing a correspondence course in magic in the mid-1920s. A few months before his death, Harry Houdini was approached to author the course; Houdini declined but recommended Tarbell. Cook and Jordan hired Tarbell and Walter Baker, another Chicago-area magician, to work on the project, but Baker dropped out of the project in its early stages to concentrate on his performances. The publishers allotted Tarbell $50,000 for the course, which he finished in 1928, producing 60 correspondence lessons with at least 3,100 illustrations.
Tarbell later discussed the philosophy behind his course: "There is a big difference between a magician and a man who does tricks...Fundamentally, the making of a magician is no different than the making of other professional people. One must be trained in the mechanics, the alternate methods and be skilled in the presentation in order to meet any conditions which may arise." Unlike other magic courses which placed a greater emphasis on self-working illusions, Tarbell began with fundamental drills and practice sessions involving body position, movement, and sleight-of-hand techniques which were to be incorporated into actual tricks in future lessons.
After selling 10,000 complete courses, Cooke and Jordan discontinued marketing the Tarbell Course in Magic in 1931, blaming the Great Depression for slumping sales. In 1941, however, magician Louis Tannen purchased the rights to the course, working with Tarbell and Ralph W. Read (of Read and Covert) to convert the correspondence lessons into book form.
D. Robbins and Co./ E-Z Magic purchased all rights from Tannens in 1962 and is the current publisher and distributor of the Tarbell Course in Magic. The Encyclopedia was also translated into the Korean and Japanese languages.
Later life
Tarbell lived in Elmhurst, Illinois for the last 34 years of his life. He suffered a fatal cardiac arrest on June 16, 1960, dying at the age of 70.
References
External links
American magicians
1890 births
1960 deaths
People from Delavan, Illinois
People from Tazewell County, Illinois
People from Elmhurst, Illinois
The USS Vileehi a wooden-hulled ketch with an auxiliary engine was designed by Edson B. Schock and built in 1930 at San Diego, California by the San Diego Marine Construction Company. The vessel was acquired by the Navy from Hiram T. Horton of San Diego on 23 December 1941.
Assigned to the 11th Naval District on 17 February 1942, Vileehi was given the designation IX-62 and placed in service on 26 February. She operated locally out of San Diego for the remainder of World War II and was placed out of service on 20 September 1945. Returned to her owner on 27 September, Vileehi was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 24 October 1945.
Under the British flag colors, London's port, the boat with a new Owner it's moored in Sardinia ( Italy ), Mediterranean Sea, well maintenanced and restored.
Unfortunately the Vileehi sunk in December 2019 in the harbour of Port Napoleon, Port Saint Louis du Rhone, France.
Sources
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in San Diego
1930 ships
Commercial Bank of Dubai (CBD) is a UAE banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Deira, Dubai. With more than in assets, Gulf Business listed CBD as the 7th largest bank in the UAE, based on total assets. It also figures in the Dubai Financial Market index.
History
CBD was founded in 1969, by an Amiri Decree issued by the late Rashid Bin Saeed Al Maktoum. What started out as a joint venture of Commerzbank, Chase Manhattan Bank and Commercial Bank of Kuwait, evolved into a National Public shareholding company by 1982. 80% of its shares are held by UAE nationals, while the other 20% are owned by Investment Corporation of Dubai (an investment division of the Dubai Government).
CBD provides Wholesale, Corporate, Retail, Business, SME, Private and Affluent banking services.
Financial data
In 2019, Commercial Bank of Dubai reported a net profit of AED 1,400 million, an increase of 20.5% over 2018, and total assets of AED 88.1 billion. Operating income for 2019 amounted to AED 3,033 million, an increase of 11.3% attributable to a 2.8% increase in Net Interest Income (NII) and a 31.2% increase in Other Operating Income (OOI). Fees and commission income increased by 21.3%, foreign exchange income registered a 37.7% increase, investment income increased by 179.4%, and other income increased by 53.3% compared to 2018. CBD has a credit rating of Baa1 and A- by Moody & Fitch respectively.
External links
Official Website
References
Banks of the United Arab Emirates
Government-owned companies of the United Arab Emirates
Emirati companies established in 1969
Banks established in 1969
Hemelgarn Racing is an American auto racing team owned by Ron Hemelgarn. The team debuted in 1985, and competed in the CART & Indy Racing League ranks until the team originally shut down in 2010. The team returned to competition in 2015, and currently competes full-time in the USAC Silver Crown Series with driver Justin Grant. Grant won the 2020 championship for the team.
The team won the 1996 Indianapolis 500 and 2000 Indy Racing League Championship with driver Buddy Lazier.
The team had the best finish of 7th in the CART standings. Along with Lazier's Indy 500 win in 1996, the team also had two second-place finishes at the Indy 500 in 1998 and 2000.
Along with A. J. Foyt Enterprises, Hemelgarn was unique in having competed in at least one race in every season of the Indy Racing League's existence from 1996 through 2008.
CART series history
Early years
The team was founded in 1985 and participated part-time in the CART series with largely outdated equipment and three different drivers. In 1986 the team bought new March chassis and participated full-time with Jacques Villeneuve and part-time with Scott Brayton, putting both in the field of the team's first Indianapolis 500.
Arie Luyendyk replaced Villeneuve for 1987 and finished 7th in points. In 1988 Scott Brayton raced full-time for the team while three other drivers fielded part-time entries. For 1989, seven different drivers took turns behind the wheel, as the team struggled to find consistency. Buddy Lazier first joined the team in 1990 and competed in his first six CART races with the team. Lazier was bumped from the field and failed to qualify for the Indianapolis 500, while Billy Vukovich III did qualify his Hemelgarn machine for the 1990 Indy 500, finishing 24th in a two-year-old Lola-Buick.
1991
Hemelgarn teamed up with Dale Coyne Racing to field a car at Road America and Toronto for Lazier in 1991. The team fielded three cars at the 1991 Indianapolis 500. Indy legend Gordon Johncock, veteran Stan Fox, and Buddy Lazier, who made the race for the first time. Lazier was involved in a spin on the first lap and finished last. Johncock, however, charged from 33rd starting position, and battling an illness, came home in a surprising 6th place. Fox in 8th place gave the team two cars in the top ten.
1992-1995
In 1992 the team only participated at Indianapolis as costs to run the series full-time increased rapidly. In 1993 the team fielded a car for pay driver Brian Bonner in a pair of road races.
For 1994 and 1995, Hemelgarn ran Indianapolis only, with veteran Stan Fox as the primary driver. Jeff Andretti (1994) and Jim Crawford (1995), respectively, were entered as second drivers, but neither were able to qualify. Fox was running in the top ten late in the race in 1994, but spun out and crashed in turn one with four laps to go. In 1995 Fox qualified 11th, but was involved in a terrible crash at the start. He was critically injured, suffering a closed-head injury, which ended his driving career.
Indy Racing League success
1996-2001
With the founding of the Indy Racing League in 1996, the team was eager to return to full-time racing and re-signed former Hemelgarn stalwart Buddy Lazier to pilot their full-time entry and fielded additional cars for Brad Murphey and Stéphan Grégoire in the Indy 500.
Buddy Lazier scored the team's first pole position at the 1996 IRL season opener at Walt Disney World Speedway.
Lazier scored the first win of his Indy car career and Hemelgarn's first as a team in a gutsy drive while recovering from a back injury in the 1996 Indianapolis 500. This win cemented Lazier and sponsor Delta Faucet with the team for years to come. Lazier was one of the top drivers in the league, consistently scoring top-tens and finishing in the top-ten in points every year.
In 2000, Lazier and Hemelgarn captured the Indy Racing League championship and finished second in the Indy 500 behind the dominant "500" rookie Juan Pablo Montoya. The team nearly repeated their championship ways in 2001, with Lazier capturing four wins and finishing second in points, albeit well back from champion Sam Hornish Jr.
With Lazier behind the wheel, Hemelgarn posted eight wins, and 18 top three finishes over six seasons.
Struggles and closure
2002-2005
As 2002 came, the team began to struggle. The influx of former CART teams had begun and Lazier only managed an 8th-place finish in points and only registered a pair of top five finishes. 2003 was even worse as the team struggled with under-powered Chevrolet engines compared to the new Honda and Toyota powerplants and Lazier finished a dismal 19th in series points, prompting Delta Faucets to leave the team.
In 2004 the team was only able to field a car for Lazier in the Indy 500. In 2005 the team returned to full-time competition with new ethanol sponsorship brought by driver Paul Dana who was injured after three races and replaced by Jimmy Kite.
2006
The team hit rock bottom in 2006. The team was able to broker a deal with driver P. J. Chesson, with financial backing from NBA star Carmelo Anthony. Jeff Bucknum joined the team as a second team car, and under the moniker "Car-Melo", the two cars qualified for the 2006 Indianapolis 500. On the second lap, however, the two cars tangled in turn two and crashed out together, finishing 32nd and 33rd (last and second-to-last). Following the devastating result, Ron Hemelgarn let his crew go and suspended the team's operations, leaving Chesson without a ride for the rest of the year.
2007-2009
It was unknown if and when Hemelgarn Racing would return to the track until the team filed an entry for the 2007 Indianapolis 500. Little was heard of the entry until a deal was put together on the Friday before the final weekend of qualifying with Racing Professionals to jointly field a former Hemelgarn chassis (bought by RP) for Richie Hearn. Hearn solidly put the car in the field after only 26 laps of practice on Bump Day and finished the race in the 23rd position.
In 2008 Buddy Lazier returned to the team for the Indianapolis 500 and made a last minute run on Bump Day to put the car into the field. With little practice, Lazier struggled with the handling of the car and finished 17th five laps down. The team attempted to repeat 2008's relative success in 2009, but despite running lap times similar to what they had run the previous year, Lazier was not able to wring enough speed from the car to make the field.
In April 2010, SPEED TV's Robin Miller reported that Hemelgarn Racing had ceased operations.
Return (2015-present)
The team reopened at the start of 2015, and began competing full-time in the USAC Silver Crown Series. Austin Nemire raced for the team in 2015 and 2016. Nemire had two top 5s (Iowa - 2015 and Gateway - 2016), and finished 8th in points standings during both seasons.
Hemelgarn joined forces with Chris Carli Motorsports & driver Justin Grant for the 2017 season. The combination had success as they finished 4th in the points standings & won the Bettenhausen 100 at Illinois State Fairgrounds.
Grant returned to the team for the 2018 season and won at Terre Haute Action Track. Grant won the 2020 championship without winning a race that season.
List of Hemelgarn drivers
CART
Brian Bonner 1993
Scott Brayton 1986–1989
Stan Fox 1991–1995
Spike Gehlhausen 1985
Scott Goodyear 1989–1990
Davey Hamilton 1991; 1995
Ludwig Heimrath 1988–1989
Gordon Johncock 1988–1989; 1991–1992
Ken Johnson 1988
Buddy Lazier 1990–1991; 1994
Arie Luyendyk 1987
Enrique Mansilla 1985
Tero Palmroth 1989
Michael Roe 1985
Dick Simon (sponsored car) 1978–1979
Tom Sneva 1988–1989
Didier Theys 1989
Robby Unser 1989
Jacques Villeneuve 1986
Rich Vogler 1987
Billy Vukovich III 1989–1990
IndyCar / Indy Racing League
Jeff Bucknum 2006
P. J. Chesson 2006
Paul Dana 2005
Stephan Gregoire 1996
Richie Hearn 2003, 2007
Jimmy Kite 2005
Buddy Lazier 1996–2003; 2008
Chris Menninga 2001
Brad Murphey 1996–1997
Lyn St. James 1997
Johnny Unser 1997–1999
Stan Wattles 2000–2001
USAC Silver Crown Series
Justin Grant 2017-present
Austin Nemire 2015-2016
Complete Racing Results
Complete PPG CART Indycar World Series results
(key)
IRL/IndyCar Series
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
The 1999 VisionAire 500K at Charlotte was cancelled after 79 laps due to spectator fatalities.
In conjunction with Racing Professionals.
References
External links
Official Site
IndyCar Series teams
American auto racing teams
Champ Car teams
Indy Lights teams
2010 disestablishments in the United States
HonFest is an annual festival held in the Hampden neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland, U.S. HonFest takes its name from the word "hon", short for "honey", a term of endearment and greeting often used in "Baltimorese". The festival began in 1994 as a local celebration of the Baltimorese lifestyle and stereotype, and has become one of the most visited festivals in Baltimore. The summer festival originally started as a one-day event, but it became two days starting in 2007, and is held on a Saturday and Sunday. The festival holds a contest in which people dress up as a Baltimore "hon" in a 1960s-style beehive hairdo and sunglasses and other over-stylized clothes and makeup, such as, bright eye shadow, spandex pants, and leopard print clothing, and the winner is crowned "Miss Hon".
History
HonFest began in 1994, originally serving as a marketing tool for Cafe Hon. The festival started off as a one-day event, but since 2007 it has become a weekend-long event. Covering four city blocks of Hampden's 36th street, The Baltimore Sun claims that HonFest is Baltimore's most popular neighborhood festival, attracting numbers in the range of 50,000 attendees. As of 2012, three stages are available for entertainment including the main stage, the stage on Falls Road, and the Bacardi Lounge Umbrella Radio stage. The festival boasts the performances of local musical guest covering genres from blues, electronic, alternative rock, and folk. The participants of the event are encouraged to talk in Bawlmerese, the town's take on Hon dialect.
The 2020 HonFest, the 27th, went virtual.
Controversy
John Waters, whose films were a major influence, has sworn off the festival altogether. "To me, it's used up... It's condescending now. The people that celebrate it are not from it. I feel that in some weird way they're looking slightly down on it. I only celebrate something I can look up to." Some see the festival as perpetuating tired and outdated stereotypes. "...it's not just that people are mimicking or parodying the past; there's also an element of class ridicule involved (since the style, taste, and speech associated with working-class women are being fetishized and parodied by other, often wealthier, women). This brings up a number of questions: Is this just good-hearted fun? Is it truly honoring these women, or mocking them? Does it bring attention to Baltimore's working class residents, or simply treat them like they are historic relics?" The documentary "People Like Us" features a segment depicting Honfest and draws question to whether the middle class participants celebrate or mock the working class culture of old Baltimore.
See also
Culture of Baltimore
References
Festivals in Baltimore
Hampden, Baltimore
Recurring events established in 1994
Social class in the United States
Stereotypes of working-class women
Working-class culture in Baltimore
The 1978 Tennessee gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1978. Republican nominee Lamar Alexander defeated Democratic nominee Jake Butcher with 55.84% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on August 3, 1978.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Jake Butcher, businessman
Bob Clement, Public Service Commissioner
Richard Fulton, Mayor of Nashville
Roger Murray
Shelley Stiles
Bill Jacox
William K. Jackson
Ben Miller
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Lamar Alexander, attorney
Harold Sterling, State Representative
John H. Harper
Hubert David Patty, perennial candidate
Results
General election
Candidates
Lamar Alexander, Republican
Jake Butcher, Democratic
Results
References
1978
Tennessee
Gubernatorial
November 1978 events in the United States
The Guild of Fine Food (GFF) is a British family-owned industry journal publisher that covers gourmet food news. It was founded by Bob Farrand in 1992.
All five directors are members of the Farrand family. Bob Farrand is the chairman, his son John Farrand is the managing director, daughter-in-law Tortie Farrand marketing director, his wife Linda Farrand a director and niece Sally Coley
GFF promotes the Great Taste Awards and also the World Cheese Awards, which were initiated in 1988.
From its base in Gillingham, near Shaftesbury in Dorset, it promotes producers and sellers of "artisan food and drink" across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Great Taste Awards
The Great Taste Awards are open to members and non-members, but only products that pay an entry fee of between £38 and £240 per product are judged. Winning products receive one, two or three stars. In 2018, 12,634 food and drink products were judged.
World Cheese Awards
The World Cheese Award "World Champion" has been awarded to:
References
Clubs and societies in the United Kingdom
Food and drink awards
British food and drink organisations
Companies based in Dorset
Family-owned companies of the United Kingdom
Paride Taban (born 1936 in Opari, Eastern Equatoria) is a South Sudanese Emeritus Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and was the first leader of the New Sudan Council of Churches, which was founded in February 1990. he was auxiliary Bishop of Juba 28 Jan 1980 to 2 July 1983 and served as bishop of Torit from 1983 to 2004.
Biography
Taban was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Torit in what was then Sudan from 1983 until 2004. In 1989, when the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) overtook Torit, he was arrested with three other Catholic priests by the SPLA. Until 1990 he and Nathanael Garang were the only two Bishops active in areas held by the SPLA. Since his retirement from the diocese, he has been leading an effort to make peace in South Sudan real by setting up the Kuron Peace Village, established in 2005. Before becoming bishop of Torit, Taban was auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Juba and the titular bishop of Tadamata from 1980 to 1983. He was ordained May 24, 1964 and consecrated a Bishop May 4, 1980 in Kinshasa by Pope John Paul II.
Taban was sent to Rwanda in the aftermath of the 1994 genocide for reconciliation efforts.
Bishop Paride has received numerous awards including the Sergio Vieira de Mello Peace Prize awarded by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in 2013 for his work at the Holy Trinity Peace Village in Kuron and the Hubert Walter Award for Reconciliation and Interfaith Cooperation awarded by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby in 2017 for co-founding the ecumenical New Sudan Council of Churches, building Kuron Peace Village, and chairing the mediation initiative between the Government of South Sudan and COBRA Faction of the South Sudan Democratic Movement/Army led by David Yau Yau, which produced a successful peace agreement on 6 January 2014.
In December 2016, Taban was appointed by the President Salva Kiir Mayardit as a co-chair of the steering committee of National Dialogue. Taban has witnessed the suffering of South Sudanese since he was young and he was not happy to see south South Sudanese suffering in the hands of their fellow southerners
AWARDS
In September 2017, Taban received the peace award of the United Religious Initiatives for Africa.
In May 2018 Taban received the Four Freedoms Award, freedom of Worship medal from the Roosevelt Foundation for his life-long and selfless dedication to the cause of bringing freedom and peace to the people of South Sudan https://www.fourfreedoms.nl/en/laureaten/year:2018/award:freedom-of-worship-award/laureates:paride-taban.htm
References
External links
Kuron Peace Village page
1936 births
Living people
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in South Sudan
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Sudan
People from Eastern Equatoria
Nonviolence advocates
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in South Sudan
South Sudanese Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Juba
Roman Catholic bishops of Torit
Petropavlivka (; ) is a village in Beryslav Raion, Kherson Oblast, southern Ukraine, about northeast of the centre of Kherson city. It belongs to the Novooleksandrivka rural hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
Administrative status
Until 18 July, 2020, Petropavlivka belonged to Novovorontsovka Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kherson Oblast to five. The area of Novovorontsovka Raion was merged into Beryslav Raion.
Demographics
The native language distribution as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 was:
Ukrainian: 96.68%
Russian: 1.94%
Armenian: 1.11%
Moldavian: 0.14%
References
Villages in Beryslav Raion
MV Spirit of Chartwell is a hotel barge owned and operated by Portuguese holiday company Douro Azul for luxury cruises along the Douro river, Porto, Portugal.
Previously owned and operated by the Magna Carta Steamship Company for luxury cruises along the River Thames, she was selected in late 2011 to be the royal barge as part of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee celebrations, and carried the Queen and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh in a flotilla of more than 1,000 vessels during the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant on 3 June 2012. The ship was sold in June 2012 to Douro Azul to operate luxury cruises in the Douro river.
She was designed in the style of the Côte d'Azur Pullman Express de luxe train and carries artefacts from the original train and ocean liners such as , and .
Former use and refit
The ship was formerly a Rhine ship known as Vincent van Gogh. She was refitted as a luxury Thames cruise vessel by the Dutch Kooiman Group in 2009/2010.
Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant
For the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant in 2012 the vessel was lavishly decorated in red, gold and purple, reminiscent of royal barges of the 17th and 18th centuries. Among the additions were thousands of flowers, an ornate gilded prow sculpture of Old Father Thames carved and moulded in jesmonite, symbols of royalty, and a large red velvet banner with a royal coat of arms made of more than half a million gold-coloured buttons.
A special warrant was issued by the Secretary of State for Defence to permit Spirit of Chartwell to wear the White Ensign whilst serving as the Royal Barge on 3 June 2012. When the Queen was on board, she also flew the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom from the bow.
See also
List of river cruise ships
References
External links
Official website
Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant
1997 ships
Hotel barges
Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II
River cruise ships
Drenova is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 264 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
William Tyrer Gerrard (1831 – 9 July 1866) was an English botanical collector in Natal and Madagascar in the 1860s. The genus Gerrardanthus is named in his honor.
Gerrard was born in Knowsley, Merseyside, England, and died at age 34 of yellow fever in July 1866, in Foulepointe (now Mahavelona), Madagascar. He was active as a botanical collector in Australia and then Natal, where he first collected several genera and over 150 previously unknown species, and from which he sent a stuffed aardvark to the Free Public Library, Derby Museum. He left Natal in April 1865 for coastal Madagascar, where he made large collections of plants, insects, and birds, before succumbing to illness. He last bequest of specimens to Derby Museum in Liverpool was in 1867.
See also
List of South African plant botanical authors
References
Proceedings of the Liverpool Literary & Philosophical Society, page 22, 1867.
Proceedings of the Liverpool Literary & Philosophical Society, page 65, 1868.
Journal of Botany, British and Foreign, Robert Hardwicke, 1866, page 367.
British botanists
Botanists active in Africa
1831 births
1866 deaths
The 2015 V.League 1 (known as the Toyota V.League 1 for sponsorship reasons) season was the 59th season of the V.League 1, the highest division of Football in Vietnam. The season began on 4 January 2015 and finished on 20 September 2015.
Changes from last season
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2014 season.
To V.League 1
Promoted from V.League 2
Đồng Tháp
Sanna Khánh Hòa
XSKT Cần Thơ
From V.League 1
Relegated
Hùng Vương An Giang
Rule Changes
In season 2015, a team standing on the 14th position was relegated to V-League 2. There was no play-off match as usual between team standing on 13th at V-League 1 and the second-position team at V-League 2.
Also, one club was only allowed to register 2 foreign players plus one naturalized player. Becamex Bình Dương and Hanoi T&T could register one more AFC player due to the qualification for AFC Champions League.
Teams
Đồng Tháp were promoted after winning the 2014 V.League 2 championship, but in November 2014 they decided to withdraw from the league altogether. They later revered their decision once sponsorship was found to fund the side for the coming season.
Stadia
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
Foreign players
V.League teams are allowed to use two foreign players and one naturalised player
Players who left their clubs after first half of the season.
League table
Positions by round
Result
Summary
Season statistic
Top scorers
Own goals
Hattrick
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
Individual
Team of the Year
Team
Attendances
By club
By round
References
External links
V-League 2015
2015
Vietnam
Vietnam
1
The University of Texas at Austin is home to more than 65 national fraternity and sorority chapters. These chapters are under the authority of one of UT Austin's seven Greek council communities, Interfraternity Council, National Pan-Hellenic Council, Latino Pan-Hellenic Council, Texas Asian Pan-Hellenic Council, Multicultural Greek Council, United Greek Council and University Panhellenic Council. Other recognized Fraternities and Sororites exist as Affiliates. Affiliate Membership targets two groups: fraternities and sororities that fit into a current council structure and are waiting until they can petition a council, as well as fraternities and sororities that do not fit into a current structure but still want to be a part of Sorority and Fraternity Life.
Interfraternity Council
Alpha Epsilon Pi
Beta Theta Pi
Beta Upsilon Chi
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Delta Sigma Phi
Delta Tau Delta
Delta Upsilon
Kappa Alpha Order
Kappa Sigma
Lambda Chi Alpha
Phi Delta Theta
Phi Gamma Delta
Phi Kappa Psi
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Tau
Phi Kappa Theta
Pi Kappa Alpha
Pi Kappa Phi
Sigma Alpha Mu
Sigma Chi
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Pi
Tau Kappa Epsilon
Theta Chi
Zeta Beta Tau
Zeta Psi
National Pan-Hellenic Council
Alpha Kappa Alpha
Alpha Phi Alpha
Delta Sigma Theta
Kappa Alpha Psi
Omega Psi Phi
Phi Beta Sigma
Sigma Gamma Rho
Zeta Phi Beta
Latino Pan-Hellenic Council
Sigma Lambda Beta
Omega Delta Phi
Kappa Delta Chi
Lambda Theta Alpha
Lambda Theta Phi
Sigma Delta Lambda
Sigma Lambda Gamma
Phi Iota Alpha
Texas Asian Pan-Hellenic Council
alpha Kappa Delta Phi
Beta Kappa Gamma
Omega Phi Gamma
Gamma Beta
Kappa Phi Gamma
Kappa Phi Lambda
Sigma Phi Omega
Delta Kappa Delta
Alpha Sigma Rho
Multicultural Greek Council
Delta Alpha Omega
Sigma Kappa Phi
Delta Alpha Sigma
University Panhellenic Council
Alpha Chi Omega (Alpha Phi, 1924)
Alpha Delta Pi (Delta, 1906; oldest continuously active Alpha Delta Pi chapter)
Alpha Epsilon Phi (Omega, 1925)
Alpha Phi (Omega, 1920)
Alpha Xi Delta (Beta Alpha, 1929)
Chi Omega (Iota, 1904)
Delta Delta Delta (Theta Zeta, 1912)
Delta Gamma (Beta Eta, 1939)
Kappa Alpha Theta (Alpha Theta, 1904)
Kappa Delta (Sigma Epsilon, 1921)
Kappa Kappa Gamma (Beta Xi, 1902)
Pi Beta Phi (Texas Alpha, 1902)
Sigma Delta Tau (Tau, 1939)
Zeta Tau Alpha (Kappa, 1906)
National Interfraternity Music Council
Kappa Kappa Psi (Alpha Tau, 1940)
Mu Phi Epsilon (Mu Theta, 1920)
Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia (Alpha Iota, 1924)
Sigma Alpha Iota (Beta Xi, 1951)
Tau Beta Sigma (Beta Gamma, 1957)
Affiliates
Alpha Sigma Phi
Beta Chi Theta
Chi Upsilon Sigma
Delta Lambda Phi
Sigma Iota Alpha
Omega Phi Gamma
Gamma Rho Lambda
Sigma Lambda Alpha
Lambda Phi Epsilon
References
External links
Greek Life and Intercultural Education Greek Life and Intercultural Education
University of Texas at Austin
Texas, University of (Austin)
fraternities and sororities at University of Texas at Austin
The Glyph Bitmap Distribution Format (BDF) by Adobe is a file format for storing bitmap fonts. The content takes the form of a text file intended to be human- and computer-readable. BDF is typically used in Unix X Window environments. It has largely been replaced by the PCF font format which is somewhat more efficient, and by scalable fonts such as OpenType and TrueType fonts.
Overview
the current version of BDF is 2.2. No future revisions are anticipated. Earlier versions were referred to as the Character Bitmap Distribution Format.
In 1988, the X Consortium adopted BDF 2.1 as a standard for X Window screen fonts, but X Windows has largely moved to other font standards such as PCF, Opentype, and Truetype.
Version 2.2 added support for non-Western writing. For example, glyphs in a BDF 2.2 font definition can specify rendering from top-to-bottom rather than simply left-to-right.
A BDF font file contains three sections:
a global section that applies to all glyphs in a font;
a section with a separate entry for each glyph; and
the ENDFONT statement.
Example
This is an example font containing one glyph, for ASCII capital 'A'. This glyph is taken from the GNU Unifont.
<nowiki>
STARTFONT 2.1
FONT -gnu-unifont-medium-r-normal--16-160-75-75-c-80-iso10646-1
SIZE 16 75 75
FONTBOUNDINGBOX 16 16 0 -2
STARTPROPERTIES 2
FONT_ASCENT 14
FONT_DESCENT 2
ENDPROPERTIES
CHARS 1
STARTCHAR U+0041
ENCODING 65
SWIDTH 500 0
DWIDTH 8 0
BBX 8 16 0 -2
BITMAP
00
00
00
00
18
24
24
42
42
7E
42
42
42
42
00
00
ENDCHAR
ENDFONT
</nowiki>
In the above example, the global declarations begin with the "STARTFONT" line and end with the "CHARS" line.
"STARTFONT 2.1" defines the version of this BDF file as version 2.1.
"FONT -gnu-unifont-medium-r-normal--16-160-75-75-c-80-iso10646-1" defines the font family and face names as an X logical font description.
"SIZE 16 75 75" defines this to be a 16 point font, with an X-axis resolution of 75 dots per inch (dpi) and a Y-axis resolution of 75 dpi. This is the norm under X Window.
"FONTBOUNDINGBOX 16 16 0 -2" defines a bounding box for the font of 16 pixels wide by 16 pixels high, with the lower left-hand corner starting at x=0, y=-2. Note that although the bounding box is defined to be a 16 by 16 cell, this can be overridden for individual glyphs. The "A" glyph, for example, is only 8 pixels wide.
"STARTPROPERTIES 2" declares that two special properties will follow. "STARTPROPERTIES" is optional in the BDF specification. X Window allows the properties FONT_ASCENT and FONT_DESCENT to show the height above and below the baseline, respectively, for all glyphs. "FONT_ASCENT 14" declares that 14 of the 16 pixels in height are above the baseline. "FONT_DESCENT 2" declares that 2 of the 16 pixels in height are below the baseline. "ENDPROPERTIES" appears at the end of the "STARTPROPERTIES" section.
"CHARS 1" declares that one character will follow. Although Adobe now refers to this file format as the Glyph BDF, they have retained the keyword "CHARS" in the final version of the specification.
Lines beginning with the word "COMMENT" can be inserted within a BDF file. Anything following the "COMMENT" keyword on a line is ignored.
Following the above global declarations, the following entries may repeat for each glyph.
"STARTCHAR U+0041" specifies the start of a character in version 2.1 and earlier, or of a glyph in version 2.2. The string name of this particular character is "U+0041", expressing in the Unicode convention the code point hexadecimal 41 (decimal 65, the ASCII character "A"). In version 2.1 and earlier, the character name string was limited to 14 characters. In version 2.2, the glyph name string can contain up to 65,535 characters.
"ENCODING 65" declares the decimal code point for this glyph in the font.
"SWIDTH 500 0" declares the Scalable Width of 500 on the X-axis and 0 (default) on the Y-axis. This will result in an X-axis offset to the next glyph, but no Y-axis offset to the next glyph (i.e., the glyphs appear straight across in a line). The scalable width is 1000 times the actual point size of the character—the same unit used in an Adobe Font Metric (AFM) file. The number of pixels calculated as
pixels = (scalable_width / 1000) * (resolution / 72),
where scalable_width is 500 in this example, and resolution is 75 dpi for this font. Because 75 is approximately equal to 72, the number of pixels is the full width of a glyph (defined globally as 16 pixels) times 500 / 1000, or in other words the width of this glyph is 8 pixels.
"DWIDTH 8 0" declares the Device Width of a glyph. In this case, after the glyph is rendered, the start of the next glyph is offset 8 pixels on the X-axis and 0 pixels on the Y-axis from the current glyph origin. Note that the Device Width is not necessarily equal to the width of the glyph. It is simply the offset on the X-axis to move the current point to the start of the next glyph.
The Scalable Width is used to calculate the width of a high-resolution glyph on a printer, whereas the Device Width is used to calculate the width of a glyph on a display device. Thus Scalable Width is specified to greater precision than Device Width.
"BBX 8 16 0 -2" declares a bounding box that is 8 pixels wide and 16 pixels tall. The lower left-hand corner of the character is offset by 0 pixels on the X-axis and -2 pixels on the Y-axis.
"BITMAP" begins the bitmap for the current glyph. This line must be followed by one line per pixel on the Y-axis. In this example the glyph is 16 pixels tall, so 16 lines follow. Each line contains the hexadecimal representation of pixels in a row. A "1" bit indicates a rendered pixel. Each line is rounded to an 8 bit (one byte) boundary, padded with zeroes on the right. In this example, the glyph is exactly 8 pixels wide, and so occupies exactly 8 bits (one byte) per line so that there is no padding. The most significant bit of a line of raster data represents the leftmost pixel.
"ENDCHAR" ends the current glyph.
The declarations "STARTCHAR" through "ENDCHAR" are repeated for each glyph in a font.
"ENDFONT" appears as the last line in the file, after all glyphs in the font have been enumerated.
Version 2.2 Extensions
Version 2.2 of the BDF specification adds support for non-Western fonts. These additions allow moving the origin by a positive or negative movement on the X and Y axes. This not only accommodates right-to-left writing direction, but even top-to-bottom (for example, for Chinese). The following values provide multinational-font support:
METRICSET: set to 0 for writing direction 0, 1 for writing direction 1, or 2 (in the initial global area) for both writing directions within the same font. Traditional Western left-to-right scripts use "METRICSET 0".
SWIDTH1, DWIDTH1: these have the same parameters as SWIDTH and DWIDTH, respectively. DWIDTH1 must be present for a METRICSET 1 glyph. Its offsets can be positive or negative.
VVECTOR defines an X-axis offset and a Y-axis offset to transition from a mode 0 glyphs to a mode 1 glyph. An opposite offset is applied during a mode 1 to mode 0 glyph transition.
This scheme easily accommodates two writing directions. Historically, fonts had 128 or 256 code points. Today, Unicode allows for over one million code points. Fonts can conceivably contain thousands of glyphs, some of which should be written left-to-right, some right-to-left, and some top-to-bottom. Such multi-directional writing requires creative use of DWIDTH1 and SWIDTH1 for each glyph.
In addition to keywords added for international support, version 2.2 adds the "CONTENTVERSION" declaration. This keyword is followed by an integer to indicate the version number of the font.
For more detailed information, consult the version 2.2 specification.
X Window Properties
X Window font utilities support several properties that can be specified in the STARTPROPERTIES section of a BDF file. A generic BDF file is in ASCII encoding. X Window properties are specified using ISO 8859-1 encoding, which is an extension of ASCII. These properties include:
CAP_HEIGHT integer—the height above the baseline of a capital letter (See Cap height).
COPYRIGHT string—a copyright statement.
DEFAULT_CHAR positive—the default character (glyph) to display for an undefined glyph.
FACE_NAME string—the name of the face for this font.
FONT string—the X Window name of the font.
FONT_ASCENT integer—the height above the baseline, for line spacing calculation.
FONT_DESCENT integer—the descender below the baseline, for line spacing calculation.
FONT_VERSION string—the version of the font.
FOUNDRY string
FAMILY_NAME string—the font family name.
NOTICE string—a general comment.
POINT_SIZE integer—See Point (typography). If it is not separately specified, EMspace = round(POINT_SIZE/10), ENspace = round(POINT_SIZE/20), and THINspace = round(POINT_SIZE/30).
RESOLUTION_X positive
RESOLUTION_Y positive
SLANT string -- "R" is Roman, "I" is Italic, "O" is Oblique, "RI" is Reverse Italic, "RO" is Reverse Oblique, "OT" is Other and a number indicates polymorphic slant capability.
WEIGHT_NAME string—the weight of this font ("Bold" and "Normal" are typical, though there is no set enumeration).
X_HEIGHT integer—the height above the baseline of a lower-case 'x' (See x-height).
...where "integer" is a natural number, "positive" is a positive number (of value 1 or higher), and "string" is an ISO 8859-1 character string.
Notes
References
External links
Adobe Glyph Bitmap Distribution Format (BDF) Specification, version 2.2
Font formats
X Window System
Mourne was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries
Mourne was a county constituency comprising part of southern County Down, including the Mountains of Mourne. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. Mourne was created by the division of Down into eight new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged, returning one Member of Parliament until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat included the town of Newcastle, the town of Kilkeel (which became an urban district in 1936) and also certain district electoral divisions of the rural districts of Banbridge, Downpatrick, Kilkeel and Newry No. 1.
Politics
The seat had a small nationalist majority, with Nationalist Party candidates defeating unionists at every election, excepting 1938, when no nationalist stood.
Members of Parliament
Election results
At the 1938 Northern Ireland general election, Unionist George Panter was elected unopposed.
References
Historic constituencies in County Down
Northern Ireland Parliament constituencies established in 1929
Constituencies of the Northern Ireland Parliament
Northern Ireland Parliament constituencies disestablished in 1973
The 61st Cavalry Division was an Organized Reserve cavalry unit of the United States Army.
It was created in 1921 from the perceived need for additional cavalry units after World War I, and was numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation. The 61st was officially disbanded on 30 January 1942, although most of its personnel had been reassigned in 1941. The unit was nicknamed "The Foragers".
The Division was composed of personnel from New York and New Jersey. The Division Headquarters was initially located in Rochester, New York, but moved to New York City in 1922.
Organization
In early 1940, the division included the following units:
Headquarters (Manhattan)
Headquarters, Special Troops (Rochester)
Headquarters Troop (Manhattan)
61st Signal Troop (Buffalo)
581st Ordnance Company (Medium) (Buffalo)
461st Tank Company (Light) (Manhattan)
151st Cavalry Brigade (Rochester)
301st Cavalry Regiment (Rochester)
302nd Cavalry Regiment (Newark)
152nd Cavalry Brigade (Manhattan)
303rd Cavalry Regiment (Manhattan)
304th Cavalry Regiment (Manhattan)
861st Field Artillery Regiment (New York City)
461st Reconnaissance Squadron (reorganized from the 151st Machine Gun Squadron in 1929) (Albany)
401st Engineer Squadron (New York City)
361st Medical Squadron (Albany)
461st Quartermaster Squadron (Rochester)
Notable personnel
William J. Donovan was the first commanding officer of the 301st Cavalry Regiment.
Terry de la Mesa Allen served as the executive officer of the 303rd Cavalry Regiment.
Brice Pursell Disque commanded the 151st Cavalry Brigade from 6 June 1922, to 14 April 1937. From 15 April 1937, to June 1939, he commanded the 152nd Cavalry Brigade.
See also
United States Army branch insignia
List of armored and cavalry regiments of the United States Army
References
Citations
Bibliography
”, The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, page 21
External links
Formations of the United States Army
61
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
Ypsolopha leptaula is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Helium Vola is a studio album by the electronic band Helium Vola. It was released in October 2001 through Chrom Records. The album was re-released with the bonus CD Omnis Mundi Creatura on March 15, 2003.
Track listing
"Funerali" – 0:55
"Les Habitants Du Soleil" – 3:39
"Omnis Mundi Creatura" – 6:04
"Begirlich In Dem Hertzen Min" – 4:41
"Je Chante Par Couverture" – 5:12
"Fama Tuba" – 4:34
"Lösespruch" – 3:14
"Sancte Sator" – 5:25
"Du Bist Min" – 5:05
"Du Tagte Ez" – 5:03
"Les Habitants Du Soleil (Reprise)" – 4:13
"Luvenes" – 1:10
"Selig" – 8:17
Omnis Mundi Creatura Bonus CD
"Omnis Mundi Creatura (Album Version)" – 6:06
"Minne Und Treue" – 4:44
"Fama Tuba" – 4:36
"Omnis Mundi Creatura (Radio Version)" – 4:09
Credits
Artwork by, photography – TBA, Tim Becker Artwork
Composed by Ernst Horn (tracks: 1 to 3, 5 to 14)
Fiddle, Cornet, Oboe [Shawm] – Jan Harrison
Harp – Uschi Laar
Hurdy-gurdy – Riccardo Delfino
Keyboards, music by – Ernst Horn
Lyrics by Traditional (tracks: 3, 4, 6 to 10)
Mastered by Christoph Stickel
Other [Realization] – Carl D. Erling
Producer – Ernst Horn
Vocals – Sabine Lutzenberger, Susan Weiland
External links
2001 albums
Helium Vola albums
is a train station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
The station is served by the JR West Ube Line and Onoda Line.
Station layout
The unattended station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. The station building is located east of the platforms and is connected via a overpass. The Ube-direction side platform used to be an island platform serving two tracks but one side has been fenced off.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 16 May, 1929.
References
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
William Gillies (15 September 1914 – 17 December 1986) was a Scottish sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics representing Hong Kong.
References
1914 births
1986 deaths
Hong Kong male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Hong Kong
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Scottish male sport shooters
Dark Shadows: Angelique's Descent is a Big Finish Productions abridged reading of Lara Parker's own novel, based on the long-running American horror soap opera series Dark Shadows.
Plot
Angelique Bouchard grew up on the island of Martinique but it was a meeting with Barnabas Collins that was to change her life...
Cast
Angelique – Lara Parker
The Dark Lord – Andrew Collins
External links
Angelique's Descent - Part 1: Innocence
Angelique's Descent - Part 2: Betrayal
Dark Shadows audio plays
2007 audio plays
Phalaris arundinacea, or reed canary grass, is a tall, perennial bunchgrass that commonly forms extensive single-species stands along the margins of lakes and streams and in wet open areas, with a wide distribution in Europe, Asia, northern Africa and North America. Other common names for the plant include gardener's-garters in English, alpiste roseau in French, rohrglanzgras in German, kusa-yoshi in Japanese, caniço-malhado in Portuguese, and hierba cinta and pasto cinto in Spanish.
Description
The stems can reach in height. The leaf blades are usually green, but may be variegated. The panicles are up to 30 centimeters long. The spikelets are light green, often streaked with darker green or purple. This is a perennial grass which spreads underground by its thick rhizomes.
Uses
A number of cultivars of P. arundinacea have been selected for use as ornamental plants, including variegated (striped) cultivars – sometimes called ribbon grass – such as 'Castor' and 'Feesey'. The latter has a pink tinge to the leaves. When grown, although drought-tolerant, it likes abundant water and can even be grown as an aquatic plant.
Reed canary grass grows well on poor soils and contaminated industrial sites, and researchers at Teesside University's Contaminated Land & Water Centre have suggested it as the ideal candidate for phytoremediation in improving soil quality and biodiversity at brownfield sites.
The grass can also easily be turned into bricks or pellets for burning in biomass power stations. Furthermore, it provides fibers which find use in pulp and papermaking processes.
P. arundinacea is also planted as a hay crop or for forage.
This species of Phalaris may also be used as a source for the psychedelic drugs DMT, 5-MeO-DMT and 5-OH-DMT (bufotenin), as well as Hordenine and 5-MeO-NMT; however, N,N-DMT is considered most desirable. Although the concentrations of these compounds is lower than in other potential sources, such as Psychotria viridis and Mimosa tenuiflora, large enough quantities of the grass can be refined to make an ad hoc ayahuasca brew.
Ecology
In many places, P. arundinacea is an invasive species in wetlands, particularly in disturbed areas. It has been reported as an invasive weed in floodplains, riverside meadows, and other wetland habitat types around the world. When P. arundinacea invades a wetland, it inhibits native vegetation and reduces biological diversity. It alters the entire ecosystem. The grass propagates by seed and rhizome, and once established, is difficult to eradicate.
Distribution
P. arundinacea now has world-wide distribution. It is regarded as native to both North America and Eurasia, but this is debated and it appears that the populations in North America are made up of a mixture of cultivars of both those that were introduced from Europe and indigenous varieties.
Chemical properties
Specimins contain varying levels of hordenine and gramine.
Leaves of P. arundinacea contain DMT, 5-MeO-DMT and related compounds. Levels of beta-carbolines and hordenine have also been reported.
See also
Waterside hot water hay pellet furnace
References
External links
Flora Europaea: Phalaris arundinacea
USDA Plants Database: Phalaris arundinacea
Jepson Manual Treatment - taxonomy and distribution within California
Bunchgrasses of Africa
Bunchgrasses of Asia
Bunchgrasses of Europe
Bunchgrasses of North America
Flora of Korea
Garden plants of Asia
Garden plants of Europe
Garden plants of North America
Grasses of Canada
Grasses of the United States
Herbal and fungal hallucinogens
arundinacea
Phytoremediation plants
Plants described in 1753
Psychedelic tryptamine carriers
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Ray High School may refer to one of the following:
Ray High School (Arizona); Kearny, Arizona
W. B. Ray High School; Corpus Christi, Texas
The 2013–14 Air21 Express season is the 3rd and the last season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
March 12: The Express got star point-guard Jonas Villanueva in a trade.
April 4: Express's Jonas Villanueva's four champion streak as the All-Star weekend Obstacle Course Champion was ended and defeated by Mark Barroca.
April 25: The Express got their first franchise Semifinal appearance as they defeated the San Miguel Beermen twice on a twice to beat matchup on the quarterfinals.
June 26: The Express sold their franchise to the Metro Pacific Investments Corporation, Inc.
Draft picks
Roster
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
Air21 Express, 2013-14
Air21 Express seasons
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah Al Saud ( ʿAbd al ʿAzīz bin ʿAbd Allāh Āl Suʿūd; born 27 October 1962) is a Saudi royal and businessman who served as the deputy minister of foreign affairs from 2011 to 2015.
Early life and education
Prince Abdulaziz was born in Riyadh on 27 October 1962. He is the fourth son of King Abdullah. His mother is Aida Fustuq, a Lebanese woman of Palestinian descent. His full sister is Adila bint Abdullah.
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah graduated from the University of Hertfordshire with a bachelor of arts degree in political science in 1986.
Career
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah served in the Saudi Arabian National Guard for fifteen years in different positions. In 1991, he was appointed as an advisor to Crown Prince Abdullah. Specifically, he was advisor of the Crown Prince Abdullah for Syrian affairs. He was also a state minister.
King Abdullah appointed Prince Abdulaziz as deputy foreign minister on 22 July 2011. During the Syrian civil war, Prince Abdulaziz asked Turkey to establish "nerve centre" attempting to topple Bashar Assad. The center was founded in Adana in the mid-2012. Prince Abdulaziz personally dealt with Bashar Assad's file following the civil war in Syria.
Prince Abdulaziz represented Saudi Arabia at the Non-Aligned Movement summit in Tehran from 30 to 31 August 2012, since foreign affairs minister Prince Saud had an operation and could not attend the meeting. Prince Abdulaziz met with Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad during his stay in Tehran. His tenure ended in April 2015 when Saud Al Faisal resigned from his post as foreign minister due to health concerns.
Business activities
Prince Abdulaziz is owner of Tower Lane Properties, a land development firm. It is reported that the company spent $12 million on five-and-a-quarter acres of land in the Benedict Canyon in 2009, and applied for permits to build a mansion. The project, later, was reduced to 60,000-square-foot. However, more than 1,000 residents of the area signed a petition against this project, requiring an environmental review. The Prince's lawyers filed a case against this petition. Prince Abdulaziz won his lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles in late August 2012.
Other activities
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah founded the Centennial Fund in July 2004 and is the chairman of the Fund which is a nonprofit organization with the goal of supporting the Saudi business. He is also one of the members of the KAUST Board of Trustees. Delano Roosevelt, who is a grandson of Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Prince Abdulaziz jointly established the Friends of Saudi Arabia. This organization seeks to foster the friendly relations between Saudi Arabia and the United States. Prince Abdulaziz is also chairman of the board of trustees of Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz International Award for Translation.
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah is one of three members of the Allegiance Council who did not support the appointment of Mohammad bin Salman as crown prince on 21 June 2017. The others were Muhammad bin Saad Al Saud and Ahmed bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. Abdulaziz represented his older brother, Khalid bin Abdullah, when the opinions of the council members were asked.
Personal life
Abdulaziz bin Abdullah is married and has four children, three from his previous marriage to Abeer bint Turki bin Nasser, and one from Nathalie Ghassan Maamary.
References
External links
Abdulaziz
Abdulaziz
Abdulaziz
Abdulaziz
1962 births
Alumni of the University of Hertfordshire
Abdulaziz
Living people
Saudi Arabian people of Palestinian descent
Saudi Arabian people of Lebanese descent
Abdulaziz
is a train station in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Onoda Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Njai Dasima (Perfected Spelling: Nyai Dasima) is a 1929 silent film from the Dutch East Indies (modern day Indonesia). It details the fall of a rich mistress at the hands of a greedy delman driver. The first film released by Tan's Film, the film – adapted from an 1896 novel – was a critical and commercial success. It was released in two parts, followed by a sequel, and remade another two times by 1940.
Plot
Part 1
Dasima (Nurhani) is a nyai, or a native mistress, for the Englishman Edward William. The couple and their daughter Nancy live in a home near Gambir Square in Batavia (modern day Jakarta). The delman driver Samiun has fallen in love with Dasima, despite already being married to Hayati. He attempts to use spells to win her heart. He also has an egg merchant, Mak Buyung, frighten Dasima by telling the young woman that she has committed the sin of zina (extramarital sex). Samiun eventually succeeds, and Dasima goes to live with him and Hayati, taking along gold and jewels. Hayati has agreed to let Samiun take a second wife as she wants Dasima's money, which she will use for gambling.
Part 2
Dasima eventually realises that she has been tricked and begins to keep a close eye on her remaining wealth. To get at it, Samiun calls the thug Puasa and tells him to rob the young woman. At night, as Dasima goes to hear the story of Amir Hamzah at a nearby village, Puasa accosts her. He panics when she screams and kills her, then throws her body off a bridge; it washes up behind Williams' home. Samiun and Puasa are caught and sentenced to hang.
Production
Njai Dasima was the first film produced by Tan's Film, owned by ethnic Chinese. Directed at native viewers, Njai Dasima was filmed from September to October 1929.
The story was based on a novel written by G. Francis in 1896, which was advertised as based on a true story from 1813 Batavia. The story had previously been adapted by Toneel Melayu troupe. Tan's often adapted the troupe's work, and Njai Dasima was among their most successful. Like most native adaptations of the novel, Njai Dasima avoided the anti-Muslim undertones present in the original work.
Njai Dasima was directed by Lie Tek Swie and produced by Tan Khoen Yauw. Nurhani, who played Dasima, was cast from the general populace. Other stars included Anah, Wim Lender, and Momo. The cinematography was handled by Andre Lupias.
Release and reception
Njai Dasima was released in November 1929; it was released in two parts; the conclusion of the story was released in 1930. It was a commercial success, to the point that the Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that a cinema could make up several days losses with a single showing of the film. Despite critical acclaim for her acting, Nurhani never played another film role.
The film critic Kwee Tek Hoay, known for his scathing reviews, praised the visuals in Njai Dasima and the acting of Nurhani and the girl who played Nancy. However, he criticised the other actors, describing the one who played Williams as too young, the one who played Samiun as looking as a bellboy, and the one who played Mak Buyung as looking half crazy. The magazine Doenia Film praised the filmography and acting by the lead characters. The magazine Panorama later wrote that Njai Dasima was an important film for the Indies, as it showed that locally produced films could compete with foreign, especially American, ones.
The film spawned a sequel, Nancy Bikin Pembalesan (Nancy Takes Revenge; 1930). The critically acclaimed sequel followed an adult Nancy in a quest to avenge her mother's death, leading to Samiun falling down a well and Hayati killing herself. Tan's Film made another adaptation of Njai Dasima in 1932, which Armijn Pane described as the first talkie in the Indies with good sound quality. Yet another adaptation, entitled Dasima, was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock in 1940.
See also
List of films of the Dutch East Indies
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Tan's Film films
Dutch silent feature films
Dutch black-and-white films
Films based on Indonesian novels
Films directed by Lie Tek Swie
Indonesian black-and-white films
A qualified institutional buyer (QIB), in United States law and finance, is a purchaser of securities that is deemed financially sophisticated and is legally recognized by securities market regulators to need less protection from issuers than most public investors. Typically, the qualifications for this designation are based on an investor's total assets under management and specific legal conditions in the country where the fund is located. Rule 144A requires an institution to manage at least $100 million in securities from issuers not affiliated with the institution to be considered a QIB. If the institution is a bank or savings and loans thrift they must have a net worth of at least $25 million. If the institution is a registered dealer acting for its own account it must in the aggregate own and invest on a discretionary basis at least $10 million of securities of issuers not affiliated with the dealer.
Certain private placements of stocks and bonds are made available only to qualified institutional buyers to limit regulatory restrictions and public filing requirements.
Requirements
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requires that an entity meet one of the following requirements to qualify as a QIB:
Any of the following entities, acting for its own account or the accounts of other QIBs, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least $100 million in securities of issuers that are not affiliated with the entity:
An insurance company
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the US Small Business Administration under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958
A plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or state agency, for the benefit of its employees
An employee benefit plan falling under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
A trust fund whose trustee is a bank or trust company and whose participants are exclusively plans established for the benefit of state employees or employee benefit plans, except trust funds that include as participants individual retirement accounts or H.R. 10 plans
A business development company as defined in section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.
A 501(c)(3) charitable organization, corporation (other than a bank or a savings and loan association), partnership, or Massachusetts or similar business trust; and
An investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.
Any registered dealer, acting for its own account or the accounts of other QIBs, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least $10 million of securities of issuers that are not affiliated with the dealer.
Any registered dealer acting in a riskless principal transaction on behalf of a qualified institutional buyer.
Any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, acting for its own account or for the accounts of other QIBs, that is part of a family of investment companies which own in the aggregate at least $100 million in securities of issuers, other than issuers that are affiliated with the investment company or are part of such family of investment companies.
Any entity, all of the equity owners of which are QIBs, acting for its own account or the accounts of other QIBs.
Any bank or any savings and loan association or other institution, acting for its own account or the accounts of other QIBs, that in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis at least $100 million in securities of issuers that are not affiliated with it and that has an audited net worth of at least $25 million as demonstrated in its latest annual financial statements, as of a date not more than 16 months preceding the date of sale under Rule 144A in the case of a US bank or savings and loan association, and not more than 18 months preceding the date of sale for a foreign bank or savings and loan association or equivalent institution.
See also
Accredited investor
Private placement
Rule 144A
Reg D
Investment Company Act of 1940
Securities Act of 1933
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
References
Financial regulation
Ancestors was a public television mini-series on family history, (or genealogy). It was produced by KBYU-TV in conjunction with the Family History Library and PBS. It has also been available on DVD.
Episode list
Series one
"Getting Started"
"Looking at Home"
"Gathering Family Stories"
"The Paper Trail"
"Libraries and Archives"
"Census and Military Records"
"African American Research"
"Your Medical Heritage"
"High-Tech Help"
"Leaving a Legacy"
Series two
"Records at Risk"
"Family Records"
"Compiled Records"
"Genealogy and Technology"
"Vital Records"
"Religious Records"
"Cemetery Records"
"Census Records"
"Military Records"
"Newspapers"
"Probate Records"
"Immigration Records"
"Writing a Family History"
External links
Ancestors web page
PBS original programming
Television series about family history
Presolana (Italian: Pizzo della Presolana) is a mountain located in Lombardy, northern Italy, about 35 km north of Bergamo.
Geography
Part of the Bergamasque Alps, it is included in the province of Bergamo, and divides the Val Seriana and Valle di Scalve.
The top of the mountain is called Presolana Occidentale (Western Presolana) and has a maximum altitude of 2,521 m above sea level.
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Eastern Alps
major sector = Southern Limestone Alps
section = Bergamasque Alps and Prealps
subsection = Bergamasque Prealps
supergroup = Prealpi Bergamasche Orientali
group = Gruppo della Presolana
subgroup = Costiera Presolana-Visolo-Bares
code = II/C-29.II-C.7.b
Geology
Presolana is notable as it is one of the few mountains in Lombardy composed of a limestone rock similar to dolomite.
Gallery
References
Mountains of the Alps
Province of Bergamo
Mountains of Lombardy
Two-thousanders of Italy
BARGE, the Big August Rec.Gambling Excursion, is a yearly convention held in Las Vegas during the first weekend of August. It consists of a series of tournaments both of poker and other gambling games, as well as a banquet and a host of informal social and gambling activities organized by attendees. Some of the well-known poker players who have participated either as speakers or players in the no limit holdem tournament include: Howard Lederer, Chris Ferguson, Phil Hellmuth Jr, Greg Raymer, Mason Malmuth, David Sklansky, Mike Caro, Matt Matros, Linda Johnson, Phil Gordon, Paul Phillips, Andy Bloch, William Chen, Doyle Brunson and many others.
BARGE is formally open to "members of the rec.gambling" community, but registration must be done in advance over the Internet. BARGE organizers include Russell Fox, Rich Bremer, Jeff Deitch, Sharon Goldman, and Stevan Goldman. Former organizers include Chuck “Enabler” Weinstock, Peter “Foldem” Secor, Michael "mickdog" Patterson, Nick Christenson, Bree Goldman and Mike Zimmers.
BARGE history
The first BARGE was an informal gathering of a small number of participants of the rec.gambling newsgroup in Las Vegas in 1991 during SIGGRAPH, a computer graphics convention. The next year, many of the same players got together and had a poker tournament at The Mirage. The poker tournament was No Limit Hold'em (as it still is, while additional poker tournaments have been added), and nine players participated. Since then, BARGE has been held at various Las Vegas locations (see below for a list). Attendance has grown steadily, averaging about 200 participants.
In its earlier years, BARGE attendees were interested in Blackjack as much as they were in
Poker. Some famous Blackjack players (card counters) who have attended BARGE include Andy Bloch, Stanford Wong, Arnold Snyder and 'Mr. M.' Since around 1998, BARGE attendees and BARGE activities have centered much more around Poker.
In 2006 BARGE was moved to later in the month of August due to a conflict with the World Series of Poker as some attendees participated in both events. Since then BARGE has returned to its traditional 1st weekend of August.
BARGE 2020 was held entirely online with a full slate of tournaments hosted on a site created by an ARG participant.
BARGE is the progenitor of all the other annual "ARG" events, including ATLARGE (held in Atlantic City), ESCARGOT (held in the Los Angeles area), FARGO (held in Connecticut, prior to 2014 at Foxwoods, now at Mohegan Sun), MARGE (held in Biloxi), EMBARGO (Winter Las Vegas event) and others.
BARGE traditions
Traditions are extremely important to BARGE. For example, Scottro (a prominent BARGE participant) denied that his much-washed originally red hat was actually pink, resulting in dozens of players wearing pink baseball hats at the 2006 BARGE, held at the Venetian. "To Throw Down the Pink Hat" has subsequently come to mean "to challenge someone to a heads-up poker match."
Perhaps the most famous BARGE tradition is "Presto!" as a nickname for a hold'em hand of pocket fives. The term was originated by Frank Irwin (as slang for a blackjack) but its poker meaning is far more widespread, making appearances on multiple sets of commemorative chips, badges, etc.
Other BARGE traditions include multiple poker tournaments, a blackjack tournament, a video poker tournament, the Official ADB Craps Crawl, a Sushi outing with Sake tasting, the Unofficial BARGE Smoker and Bourbon Tasting, Karaoke night, and the only known Chowaha games played in casino settings for real money. Chinese Poker has also been played at BARGE for many years.
After the BARGE banquet on Saturday evening, another tradition is played out. 'Reindeer games' – various exotic poker games—are spread. These games include or have included Chowaha, first spread at Binion's
in 1997; Binglaha (a variant of Omaha, in which whether the game is played high-only or high/low is determined after the flop betting by a roll of a die), first spread at Binion's in 2003, 'Must-drink, must-toke HORSE', and Lowball. Many games from attendees home games are also played. Murder, Oklahoma, and many other games (mostly Omaha variations) are common.
Whenever anyone busts out of a BARGE tournament, they are given a round of applause; not as an ironic gesture, but as a thank-you for participating in BARGE. Many players also bring a "bust-out gift," which they give to the player who busted them. These are typically small, memorable tokens, but have included such gifts as a decoupage "Last Supper" featuring Chris "Jesus" Ferguson (the late Don Perry's gift in 2005, the year he won) and an iPad (JK Scheinberg's gift in 2010).
The winner of the No-Limit tournament is traditionally tasked with designing a set of chips for next year's BARGE, with some sort of commemorative design. These chip sets are then sold the next year. The BARGE Chip Committee, currently headed by Patrick Milligan (circa 2008), helps the winner with the logistics and artwork.
BARGE guest speakers and BARGE locations
Each year, the Saturday night banquet features a guest speaker. Past speakers:
2022 – Westgate - Blair Rodman
2019 – Green Valley Ranch – Adam Pliska
2018 – Binion's – J.P. Massar
2017 – Binion's – Thomas Gallagher
2016 – Binion's – Daniel Negreanu
2015 – Binion's – Jennifer Shahade
2014 – Binion's – Mickey Appleman
2013 – Binion's – Stanford Wong (Friday)
2012 – Binion's – Karina Jett
2011 – Binion's – Mori Eskandani
2010 – Binion's – Barry Tannebaum
2009 – Binion's – Doyle Brunson
2008 – Binion's – Tom Schneider
2007 – Binion's – Gavin Smith
2006 – Venetian – Phil Gordon "Being Highly Overrated"
2005 – Plaza – Wil Wheaton
2004 – Binion's – Greg Raymer
2003 – Binion's – Howard Lederer
2002 – Binion's – Linda Johnson – Steve Lipscomb "World Poker Tour Preview"
2001 – Binion's – Phil Hellmuth
2000 – Binion's – Chris Ferguson
1999 – Orleans – Mike Sexton
1998 – Binion's – Mike Caro
1997 – Binion's – Arnold Snyder
1996 – Binion's – Mike Caro
1995 – Binion's – Mason Malmuth
1994 – Luxor – none
1993 – Rio – none
BARGE No-Limit Hold 'em Champions
2022 – Jesse Capps
2021 – Sabyl Landrum
2020 – Russ Fox (1st repeat winner)
2019 – Scott Harker
2018 – Don Rieck
2017 – Chris Mecklin
2016 – Becca Kerl
2015 – Jennifer Shahade
2014 – Andreas Wolfram
2013 – David Lawful
2012 – Paul McMullin
2011 – Rich Bremer
2010 – Chuck Humphrey
2009 – David Heller
2008 – Dan Chevrie
2007 – John Pickels
2006 – Mordecai Schwartz
2005 – Don Perry
2004 – Gavin Smith
2003 – Paul Person
2002 – Mike McBride
2001 – Russ Fox
2000 – Jeff Bartoszewicz
1999 – John Harkness
1998 – Lee Jones
1997 – Steve Brecher
1996 – Mike Zimmers
1995 – Tom Sims
1994 – Dave Hughes
1993 – Roy Hashimoto
1992 – Steve Jacobs
- online free event
Notes
External links
Official site
Gambling and society
Gambling in Nevada
Poker in Las Vegas
Las Vegas Valley conventions and trade shows
Recurring events established in 1991
Karl-Heinz Leesmann (3 May 1915 – 25 July 1943) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Karl-Heinz Leesmann was shot down on 25 July 1943, by a B-17 bomber that he was attacking. During his career he was credited with 37 aerial victories, 27 on the Western Front and 10 on the Eastern Front.
Awards
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd Class & 1st Class
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 23 July 1941 as Oberleutnant and Staffelkapitän of the 2./Jagdgeschwader 52
German Cross in Gold on 27 July 1942 as Hauptmann in the I./Jagdgeschwader 52
References
Citations
Bibliography
1915 births
1943 deaths
Military personnel from Osnabrück
People from the Province of Hanover
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
Aviators killed by being shot down
The effects of Hurricane Floyd in New England stretched across the region from Connecticut to Maine and included two casualties. Floyd, once a large and powerful hurricane, made landfall in North Carolina and weakened as it tracked northward along the U.S. East Coast. By September 17, 1999, the storm, downgraded in strength to a tropical storm, was situated over New England. It produced heavy rainfall and gusty winds throughout the entire region, leading to widespread downing of trees and extensive power outages before it moved away later that day. In Danbury, Connecticut, Floyd triggered severe flooding, considered the worst in 40 years, that damaged hundreds of homes. Precipitation in some areas amounted to , with wind gusts approaching hurricane force in Massachusetts.
Background
Floyd's origins are traced back to a westward-moving tropical wave that developed into a tropical depression on September 7, 1999, while centered east of the Lesser Antilles. The system moved west-northwestward, and intensified into a tropical storm on September 8. Continuing to intensify, Floyd attained hurricane strength on September 10. The hurricane ultimately peaked as a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale as it struck the Bahamas. The storm turned northwestward and soon northward, brushing the coast of Florida and the southeast United States. On September 16, Floyd made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane in North Carolina, and moved northeastward along the Eastern Seaboard. It passed through the Mid-Atlantic States as it deteriorated into a tropical storm, and lost its tropical identity over southern Maine.
Preparations
On September 15, an existing tropical storm watch was extended northward to the Merrimack River in Massachusetts. The next day, a tropical storm warning was extended northward to Plymouth, Massachusetts, but was soon replaced by a hurricane warning. The watch stretching to the Merrimack River was then replaced by a warning. By 0900 UTC on September 17, all tropical cyclone advisories were lifted. In Connecticut, utility companies readied supplies and emergency crews in advance of the hurricane. In Massachusetts and Rhode Island, with the anticipation of heavy rains, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) prepared to send eight teams into the field to take measurements along 30 rivers. Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Almond advised residents to prepare for the storm's onslaught. The storm disrupted many residents' travel plans in the state, while people evacuated from certain coastal communities. The threat of Hurricane Floyd forced schools, malls, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst to close.
Impact
Southern New England
In Connecticut, the storm caused one casualty: a man drowned after boating in the swollen Quinnipiac River. The storm caused extensive flooding and serious damage. Wind gusts exceeding , combined with the saturated ground, brought down many trees and triggered severe power outages in the area. As Floyd tracked up the Connecticut River Valley towards Massachusetts, it dropped heavy precipitation. The heaviest rainfall occurred in a southwest–northeast orientated swath from northern New Jersey to southwestern Connecticut, including southeastern New York. At the Danbury Airport, of rain was reported. Rainfall rates of per hour occurred at Bethel and Danbury. Numerous rivers overflowed; for example, the Still River and its tributaries triggered severe flooding. The worst of the flooding—considered the worst in 40 years—took place at Danbury. Hundreds of homes, two car dealerships, several roads, and other structures were damaged there. At Greentree Motors, all 200 vehicles were declared a total loss. Parts of the city were submerged with of water. However, throughout the state, roads were closed and basements were inundated. The flooding inflicted at least $1.3 million in monetary damage within Fairfield County. Portions of the state were declared a federal disaster area.
Floyd brought intense winds and heavy rain to Rhode Island. The strongest winds were confined to Washington and Providence counties. The winds brought down numerous trees, tree limbs and power lines. Rainfall typically ranged from , with a report of at North Smithfield, Rhode Island. The Pawtuxet River reached flood stage on September 16, and crested the next day. Although it surpassed its banks, no flood damage was reported. The storm's effects in the state were mostly minor.
In Massachusetts, the storm produced wind gusts of , reaching at the New Bedford Hurricane Barrier. The strongest winds were concentrated over two sections of the state—the western mountains terrain and Cape Cod. The winds brought down trees and power lines in these areas, particularly around Pittsfield. In terms of rainfall, the storm dropped in many locations. The heavy precipitation caused rivers to swell, and in some cases flow over their banks. Storm surges at the Fox Point Hurricane Barrier reached .
Northern New England
By September 17, Floyd was located over southwestern Maine, dropping heavy rains. The entire state received precipitation, with the highest totals confined to southern areas. The National Weather Service issued a flood watch for two-thirds of the state. The storm was described as "tame", and damage was generally minor. In much of Androscoggin County, rainfall amounted to between 7 and 8 in (180 and 200 mm); Poland reported . Several rivers approached or exceeded flood stage due to rainfall from Floyd and Hurricane Dennis less than a week earlier, causing minor flooding. Floyd helped to alleviate drought conditions in Maine. Some roads in susceptible areas were submerged, and a few basements were flooded. Wind gusts of blew down trees and snapped branches, especially in the area surrounding Baxter State Park. Around 15,000 residents were affected by power outages as a result. Following the event, five counties—Androscoggin, Cumberland, Kennebec Oxford, and Somerset—were declared disaster areas, making federal aid available to those areas.
Rainfall in New Hampshire generally ranged from , although a few higher totals were recorded. At Mount Washington, of precipitation fell. The rainfall swelled rivers, pushing them above flood stage; the Saco River at Conway crested at , surpassing the 9-ft (2.7 m) flood stage. Along the Saco and Pemigewasset rivers, minor flooding took place, though only in low-lying terrain. Strong winds also impacted the state, with gusts often exceeding . The winds brought down several small trees in Jaffrey, and triggered power outages that affected 10,000 residents. A federal disaster area was declared in the state.
In Vermont, for the first time in years, the Tunbridge World's Fair was canceled due to the storm. One woman sustained injuries after a tree crashed on her vehicle. Floyd produced high winds and heavy rain throughout the state, leading to widespread downed trees and powerlines. Thousands of residents in the state lost power after winds impacted the area. Rainfall totals of were common, although there were localized higher reports. The rainfall was offset by persistent drought conditions, however. Numerous tributaries overflowed their banks, and significant flooding was reported. In Weathersfield, part of U.S. Route 5 was washed away. Some schools were closed and events canceled in the region. The downed trees caused structural damage, blocked roadways, and affected hiking trails. The high winds also damaged buildings and some apple orchards, Waves of occurred on Lake Champlain, damaging numerous watercraft along the shore. The hurricane caused one death. Most of Vermont was declared a disaster area after the storm.
See also
List of New England hurricanes
References
External links
Floyd Tropical Cyclone Report
Floyd Effects
New England
1999 natural disasters
1999 natural disasters in the United States
Floyd Effects
Floyd Effects
Floyd Effects
Floyd Effects
Floyd Effects
Floyd Effects
Floyd
Bride of the Wind is a 2001 period drama directed by Academy Award-nominee Bruce Beresford and written by first-time screenwriter Marilyn Levy. Loosely based on the life of Alma Mahler, Bride of the Wind recounts Alma's marriage to the composer Gustav Mahler and her romantic liaisons. The title of the film alludes to a painting by Oskar Kokoschka named Die Windsbraut, literally meaning The Bride of the Wind, though often translated as The Tempest. The artist dedicated this painting to Alma Mahler.
The film received negative reviews from critics and did poorly at the box office.
Poster Art
The film poster artwork depicts Alma reclining on a chaise longue attended by a lover, with a field of flowers in the background. Alma's dress, her hair, the chaise, the field of flowers and even the air are replete with many of the stylistic elements of paintings by Gustav Klimt.
Cast
Sarah Wynter as Alma Mahler
Jonathan Pryce as Gustav Mahler
Vincent Perez as Oskar Kokoschka
Simon Verhoeven as Walter Gropius
Gregor Seberg as Franz Werfel
Dagmar Schwarz as Anna Sofie Schindler-Moll
Wolfgang Hübsch as Carl Moll
August Schmölzer as Gustav Klimt
Johannes Silberschneider as Alexander von Zemlinsky
Hans Steunzer as Richard Strauss
Robert Herzl as Arnold Schoenberg
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 11% based on reviews from 64 critics. On Metacritic the film has a score of 35% based on reviews from 26 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
References
External links
2001 films
2001 biographical drama films
2001 romantic drama films
British biographical drama films
British romantic drama films
American biographical drama films
American romantic drama films
German romantic drama films
Austrian romantic drama films
English-language Austrian films
English-language German films
Films about classical music and musicians
Films about composers
Drama films based on actual events
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in the 1910s
Films set in Vienna
Films directed by Bruce Beresford
Paramount Vantage films
Adultery in films
Gustav Mahler
Gustav Klimt
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
2000s German films
The 1987 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships refer to one of two NCAA-sponsored events held during May 1987 to determine the national champions of men's and women's collegiate tennis in the United States:
1987 NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Championships – the 41st annual men's national championships held at the Dan Magill Tennis Complex at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia
1987 NCAA Division I Women's Tennis Championships– the 6th annual women's national championships held at the Los Angeles Tennis Center at UCLA in Los Angeles, California
The men's and women's tournaments would not be held at the same site until 2006.
See also
NCAA Division II Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
NCAA Division III Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
References
External links
List of NCAA Men's Tennis Champions
List of NCAA Women's Tennis Champions
NCAA Division I tennis championships
NCAA Division I Tennis Championships
Yasuyuki (written: 泰之, 泰行, 泰之, 泰幸, 耕行, 康之, 康幸, 靖之, 靖幸, 靖倖, 楽之 or 易之) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese video game artist, director and producer
, Japanese boxer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese drifting driver
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese alpine skier
, Japanese animator
, Japanese footballer
Japanese masculine given names
Christian Astrology, written in 1647 by the English astrologer William Lilly, is considered to be one of the most important seminal works of Western astrology.
William Lilly successively treats the rules of western astrology, horary astrology and 'nativities', about erecting and analysing a birth chart in natal astrology. He wrote the book when he was ill and had to stay at home. Running away from the plague in London, he spent a year in the countryside to study, reflect, and write Christian Astrology.
Lilly himself explains that he was influenced among others by Ptolemy's Quadripartitum (Tetrabiblos), De occulta philosophia by Agrippa, De Astronima Tractarus 10 by Guido Bonatti, 120 Aphorismi of John Dee, Medicina Catholica by Robert Fludd, Epitomes Astronomiae by Johan Kepler and Paracelsus' De Meteoris, all of which are mentioned in the appendix of Christian Astrology.
The modern edition of Christian Astrology consists of three volumes:
Book 1: An Introduction to Astrology
Book 2: The Resolution of all manners of Questions and Demands
Book 3: An Easie and Plaine Method How to Judge Upon Nativities
Book 1
Introduction to Astrology
Lilly referred to this book as a course for astrology students in which he expounds the general principles of astrology. Topics covered:
the use of the ephemeris
preparing the horoscope
the nature of the 12 signs of the zodiac
the nature of the planets
the nature of the 12 houses
Book 2
About the solution of many questions and issues
This part of Lilly's work is a methodical instruction the student must follow to be able to answer all kinds of questions - on disease, wealth, marriage choices, travel, etc. - using the techniques of horary astrology. Lilly includes 35 examples of such questions. He gives a detailed explanation of the procedure to be followed and elaborates on all elements that are important in the analysis. The act of choosing the right "significator" is especially important, as well as choosing the right house and its ruler that are involved.
Book 3
An easy and clear method for the natal chart
In this third part "How to judge upon Nativities' William Lilly discusses the interpretation of the natal chart.
He treatment includes the following topics:
determining body build, shape, color and intelligence of the unborn
if the person will be born rich, which diseases he will likely suffer from, and whether he will suffer a violent death, his marriage, the number of spouses, their origin, his children and what will be the most appropriate career
In the section on primary directions (predictions by 'advancing' the birth planets according to a formula) Lilly gives advice on the use of solar returns, transits and the signification of the aspects the planets make.
In addition, he also gives clues about how these techniques can be used to 'correct' a natal chart in case the time of birth is not exactly known to the astrologer. This he finds to be of major importance to make accurate predictions.
See also
Christian views on astrology
References
Christian Astrology, by William Lilly, Book I,II, Book III, Astrology Classics (2004)
External links
Christian Astrology Book I, II
Christian Astrology Book III, William Lilly (pdf-document)
Astrological texts
Vincent Albert Taylor (December 6, 1845 – December 2, 1922) was a soldier, businessman, and single-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1891 to 1893.
Biography
Born in Bedford, Ohio, Taylor attended the common schools.
Civil War
During the American Civil War, he enlisted in May 1864 in Company H, One Hundred and Fiftieth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, a Hundred Days Regiment. In August of the same year, he enrolled in Company H, One Hundred and Seventy-seventh Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry and served until the close of the war.
After mustering out of the service, he returned to Bedford and engaged in manufacturing pursuits. He served as member of the Ohio Senate 1888-1890.
Congress
Taylor was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1892.
Later career and death
He served as president of the Taylor Chair Company in Bedford until his death there December 2, 1922. Taylor was interred in Bedford Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-03
1845 births
1922 deaths
People from Bedford, Ohio
Union Army soldiers
Ohio state senators
American manufacturing businesspeople
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Williams is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Spice Valley Township, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 286.
Williams is situated on the East Fork of the White River. Williams is home to Williams Dam, a hydroelectric dam that once powered the electricity for stone industries across southern Indiana, especially in nearby Bedford and Bloomington.
History
The Williams post office was established in 1876. Byrd E. Williams was an early postmaster. Williams was platted in 1889. From 1910 to 1911, Williams Dam was being built on the East Fork of the White River. It was finally opened in 1913, giving electricity to stone industries in the region. The dam did this for almost four decades until being decommissioned in the 1950s. Almost 60 years later, Free Flow Power Corp., a startup company from Boston, looked into recommissioning the dam, giving the area a renewable energy power. The corporation planned to spend over $12 million by installing turbines on the plant. That plan was abandoned in 2018.
Geography
Williams is located in western Lawrence County at , in the northern part of Spice Valley Township. The census-designated place contains the town center of Williams along Indiana State Road 450, just north of the East Fork of the White River, but includes rural land to the north, east, and west. The CDP extends east to Crooked Creek, west to Dillman Road, and north to a high-tension power line. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.09%, are water.
Via SR 450, Williams is southwest of Bedford, the Lawrence county seat, and northeast of Loogootee.
Williams Bridge
The Williams Bridge, also known as the Lawrence County Bridge, was the longest double-span covered bridge open to traffic in Indiana. It crosses the East Fork of the White River, in Section 7, Township 4 North, and Range 2 West, southwest of Williams. This double-span Howe truss structure has a length of , or including the overhang at each end, with a portal clearance wide by high. Built in 1884 by Joseph J. Daniels, the bridge receives its name from the nearby town, which was named in honor of early settler Isaac Williams. Though no historical marker is present, the Williams Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and is listed as #14-47-02 in the 1989 World Guide.
The Williams Bridge was totally refurbished in 2013 but has remained closed to vehicular traffic since around September 20, 2010. The Medora Bridge at , in Jackson County, remains the longest covered bridge in the state, but it was closed to all but pedestrian traffic in 1972.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Lawrence County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Constantine Opos () can refer to:
Constantine Opos (catepan), Byzantine Catepan of Italy in 1033–1038
Constantine Opos (megas doux), Byzantine general in the reign of Alexios I Komnenos (1081–1118)
fr:Constantin Opos
Siparuna vasqueziana is an evergreen dioecious shrub which grows to 5 m in height. It is found in primary forest habitats in Amazonian Peru. It can be distinguished from all other Siparuna species by its yellow flowers with exceptionally long tepals.
References
New species of Siparuna
Siparunaceae
Dioecious plants
Plants described in 2000
The Ministry of Justice and Peace of Costa Rica is the ministerial body in charge of administering the country's prisons, assisting the rehabilitation and social reintegration of the prison population, and representing the interests of the State through the General Procurator's Office in Costa Rica.
In 1847, the Political Constitution established the first precedent of the Ministry of Interior, Foreign Affairs, Governance, Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs. It would not be until June 29, 1870 that the Ministry of Justice was created by decree by Bruno Carranza and Lorenzo Montúfar. The ministry would undergo several changes by decrees over the century to follow. On April 28, 1982, the Organic Law of the Ministry of Justice dictated that the minister would be assigned the following responsibilities:
The General Directorate of Social Adaptation and the Board of Construction, Installations and Acquisition of Goods dependence of that Directorate.
The Attorney General's Office of the Republic.
The Administrative Board of the National Registry.
The Latin American Institute of the United Nations for the Prevention of Crime and Treatment of Offenders ILANUD.
The Administrative Board of the Civic Centers.
The National Directorate of Notaries.
List of ministers (1990–present)
Mari Eugenia Chacon Pacheco (1990)
Elizabeth Odio Benito (1991-1994)
Enrique Castillo Barrantes (1994-1995)
Maureen Clark (1996)
Juan Diego Castro (1996-1997)
Fabian Volio Echeverria (1997-1998)
Monica Nagel Berger (1998-2002)
Jose Miguel Villalobos (2002-2004)
Patricia Vega (2004-2006)
Laura Chinchilla Miranda (2006-2009)
Hernando Paris Rodriguez (2009-2012)
Fernando Ferraro (2012-2014)
Cristina Ramirez Chavarria (2014-2016)
Cecilia Sanchez Romero (2016-2018)
Marco Feoli Villalobos (2018)
Marcia González Aguiluz (2018-2020)
Fiorella Salazar Rojas (2020-present)
See also
Justice ministry
Ministerio de Justicia y Paz (Costa Rica) [Minister of Justice and Peace (Costa Rica)]
Politics of Costa Rica
References
Justice ministries
Politics of Costa Rica
Political organizations based in Costa Rica
Dick Lehman is an American ceramics artist based in Indiana. Dozens of articles and photos featuring his techniques and insights have appeared in periodicals and books on ceramic art since 1985, including 34 articles in U.S.-published Ceramics Monthly, the largest circulating magazine in the field, plus articles in 11 other international periodicals.
More than 20 books published since the early 1990s have covered Lehman's pottery work and impact, such as 21st Century Ceramics in the United States and Canada published by the American Ceramic Society and The Art of Contemporary American Pottery by Kevin Hluch.
Lehman is known in his field for his enhancements of three firing techniques: long-wood-fire, side-fire and saggar-fire. These have yielded dramatic-looking pottery pieces, some of which reside in ceramics galleries and museums in the United States and elsewhere. In September 2016, the cover of Ceramics Monthly featured a close-up of a multi-colored, highly textured piece by Lehman that the magazine noted was thrice wood-fired. This was the third time his work was featured on the cover of Ceramics Monthly.
Long-wood-firing
Lehman has written extensively about his visits to Japan, where he began in 1992 to learn from master potters knowledgeable in ancient firing techniques; in turn, Lehman was invited to exhibit his work there. Japan's Shiho Kanzaki, in particular, has been a major influence. At Kanzaki's invitation, Lehman's work was featured in two-person exhibitions in Japanese cities known for their clay and traditional porcelain, Shigaraki, Shiga, and Tamba in 1999. Kanzaki fires his anagama kiln for 10 days; his pots are placed into the kiln unglazed and come out with a natural ceramic glaze from the flying ashes. "The prolonged firing allows for a slow build-up of ash and melted surfaces into undesigned patterns known as keshiki (landscapes)."
To achieve Kanzaki-type effects without stoking a kiln at frequent intervals for 10 days, Lehman experimented for nearly three years with combining a then-new "step-down" grate design from New Zealand with a firebox which is almost as large as the kiln itself. The result was a new kiln that could be stoked less frequently for six days, followed by intensive stoking for 36 hours. Lehman thus produced pottery featuring ash glaze and design unique to the United States, yet evocative of tradition-rooted Japanese pottery and porcelain.
The result of Lehman's brand of lateral thinking was a kiln that required stoking only five times a day over a period of six days before a final push to temperature over a 36-hour period. By this means Lehman was free to carry on a normal working and family life, yet achieve the accumulated ashed qualities seen on pots fired for ten days in an anagama kiln.
- Phil Rogers in Ash Glazes, second edition, A&C Black (London) University of Pennsylvania Press, Philadelphia, 2003, pp. 129-131
Side-firing
Lehman was motivated to experiment with side-firing after visiting the studio of Shoji Takahara in Japan, who encouraged him to become acquainted with Pennsylvania potter Jack Troy. With Troy, Lehman writes, "I had the first of several experiences wood-firing anagama-style kilns. The exuberance of the four-day firings; the altered shapes propelled by the pyroplasticity of the clay; the expressions of kinetic energy exuded by the ash runs, drips and pools – all these new experiences convinced me that pursuit of my dream would inescapably lead to my own anagama-style kiln. This kiln is described under Long-Wood-Firing, but an additional development was the technique of side-fired glazed ware.
At a time when he was without access to a large wood-burning kiln, Lehman had become more and more transfixed on the idea of making pots that displayed the ‘kinetic' qualities of molten ash that he had seen in Japan. In particular he had seen wares from Shigaraki with their emerald-green ash runs and pyroclastic bulges, effects that he was later to achieve in ‘long' firings.... Lehman devised a system of firing his pieces suspended upon ‘one-time use' clay tripods that provided space between the underside of the piece and the kiln shelf and a means of capturing any glaze drips that might otherwise have damaged the shelf. The pots were dipped into a single carbon-trapping Shino glaze before being set on their sides. Ash, combined with other fluxes, is sieved directly onto the wet glaze. During the firing the ash melts to form rivulets of glaze that ‘wrap' the pot as string might wrap a parcel. The ‘dragonfly eye' is left untouched, a central focal point. The intricate, complex surfaces of the pots belie the modesty of their firing – fired as they are alongside casseroles, pitchers and pie plates in a regular [12-hour] cone 9 reduction firing.
- Phil Rogers in Ash Glazes, second edition, A&C Black (London) University of Pennsylvania Press, Philadelphia, 2003, pp.129-131.
Saggar-firing
Traditionally, closed-container saggars have been used to shield ceramics from the direct contact of flames and from damage by kiln debris. Lehman, however, pioneered using a saggar for the opposite purpose: to encapsulate ceramic pieces within a particular atmosphere: "My approach to saggar-firing is to wrap pots in fresh vegetation and place them in the saggar on their sides, atop a bed of sawdust. I then cover the pot entirely with sawdust and place the lid on the saggar. During the firing, due to the presence of heat and pressure – and due to the relative absence of oxygen – the vegetation turns to 'activated charcoal', and in the process, releases a film of carbon. When everything works just right, the film of carbon penetrates the porous porcelain pot. The images you see on the pots are the result of that 'carbon transfer', similar to the fossil-formation process called 'carbonization.'"
In Ceramics and Print, Paul Scott explains Lehman's contribution to saggar-firing:
The Swedish ceramist Herman Fogelin has referred to the kiln as a sort of washing machine. [Gerry] Caplan and others use it as a printing press, imparting color and other unique qualities. The kiln, in generating heat, can facilitate either the transfer of color from one body to another, or causes a print by reducing clay and carbonizing matter.... Dick Lehman's carbon film transfers on sagger-fired porcelain using the same basic chemical principles as Caplan's, but in this case the materials, process and intention are different…The sagger is...closed with a lid. In the firing a receding (or anaerobic - no oxygen) atmosphere is created inside the sagger, and the vegetation turns into activated charcoal, in the process releasing a film of carbon which the biscuit porcelain absorbs, capturing the image released by the vegetation.
In Electric Kiln Ceramics, Richard Zakin elaborates on how the effects of rake and "smoke-reduction firings" can be achieved through using a simple electric kiln, rather than more elaborate wood-fired kilns. He specifically names Dick Lehman and Gerry Caplan with pioneering this approach: "Smoke-reduction firings require the use of a saggar, which is a sealed container placed inside the firing chamber. A bed of flammable material such as sawdust is placed in the base of the saggar and the ware are placed on top. More flammable material is packed around the piece. The saggar is then put into the kiln and fired. As it burns, the sawdust carbonizes the surface of the piece, creating a rich, highly varied surface." Zakin notes that this offers modern ceramic artists the "convenience and flexibility of the electric kiln" while also allowing them to "exploit the right and complex effects of smoke reduction."
Lehman's success rate with saggar-firing is less than 20%, according to Paul Scott. Nevertheless, the interesting results of the technique "propel him to continue exploring the process.”
Other contributions
Lehman's career began with what he has called "production pottery" – that is, reliably reproducible hand-thrown pieces that would be attractive to paying customers: "To run a studio business with living wages for up to five people for 30 years is a great accomplishment. I am proud of that." After he began to be able to pay the bills and salaries, Lehman set aside time for himself and his staff members to experiment and play with ceramics in an artistic and adventurous manner. He introduced laser engraving on clay and pioneered low-tech thermal-shock-testing. Les Richter in American Shinto - The Glaze of a Thousand Faces writes:
Prolific, imaginative, endlessly curious, Dick Lehman never seems to sit still as a potter. In 1999 alone, he participated in twelve major exhibitions, including a solo show of sixty-five pots from a fourteen-day wood-firing, all the while running his pottery business. Lehman is a gifted and facile writer, sharing the details of his experimental success and failures and philosophy with readers of Ceramics Monthly, Ceramics: Art and Perception, Pottery Making Illustrated, and many other clay journals. His work is in important collections all over the United States and Japan.
Between 1998 and 2016, Lehman led 35 workshops for colleges, universities, and professional ceramics organizations, according to the curriculum vitae on his website, www.dicklehman.com. He was a visiting artist at Arizona State University in 1988. In 2007, works by Lehman were presented by a U.S. peace delegation to Iran's president and to religious and cultural leaders.
References
1952 births
Living people
Artists from Indiana
American ceramists
IFD may stand for:
In culture:
I Fight Dragons, a Chicago-based band
Independent Film Distributors, UK
In technology:
I-Frame Delay, in MPEG video
Image File Directory, in the Exchangeable image file format (Exif)
In organisations:
Indianapolis Fire Department, Indiana, US
Information Flow Diagram
Other uses:
Ideal free distribution, of animals around resources
Ilford railway station, England, station code
Indentation force deflection, test of memory foam
Longyang Road () is an interchange station that serves both the Shanghai maglev train and lines 2, 7, 16 and 18 on the Shanghai Metro. It provides quick transfers between the metro system and the Maglev train to and from Pudong International Airport. There are two separate fare-paid zones at this station: one for the conventional metro lines (Lines 2, 7, 16, 18) and one for the Maglev train, which has a separate fare system. It is also the third four-line interchange station in mainland China and the second in Shanghai, after Century Avenue, and the first five-line interchange (Maglev included) station in Shanghai and mainland China.
History
On 20 September 1999, this station is part of the initial section of Line 2 that opened from to this station that opened.
Trial operations on the Shanghai Maglev opened on the last day of 2002.
The interchanges with Lines 7 opened on 5 December 2009.
The interchange with Line 16 opened on 28 December 2014.
The interchange with Line 18 opened on 30 December 2021, with the formal opening of Line 18 north section, the station becomes a five-line transfer station.
Structure
Longyang Road station consists of five parts, from north to the south respectively, Line 7, Line 2, Maglev Line, Line 16 and Line 18. Lines 2, 7 and 18 are underground, while the station hall of Line 2 is on the ground level. The station on Line 16 and Maglev Line are elevated stations.
The platform of Lines 2, 7, 18 are standard island platforms. There are 2 sets of island platforms at Line 16, while trains provide service usually on platforms 1, 2 and 3. The platform 2 is usually used for express trains (stops only at Luoshan Road station, Xinchang station, Huinan station, Lingang Avenue station and Dishui Lake station) and non-stop trains (directly heads for Dishui Lake). The train coupling and decoupling take place on weekdays at platform 1.
Transfer
Since the opening of the north section of Line 18, Longyang Road has become a five-line transfer station. Between the part of Line 7, Line 2, Line 16 and Line 18, there are two mono-directional transfer passages. For example, passengers at Line 7 can go through a transfer passage and arrive at the station hall of Line 2, which takes about 3 minutes. Then across the station hall of Line 2, passengers walks above one minute to arrive at the west end of Line 16 station hall. Passengers can either turn left to transfer to Line 16, which takes 3.5 minutes, or walk straight to transfer to Line 18, which takes about 1 minute and 45 seconds.
Passengers at the Line 18 station hall at the south end of the whole station can walk to the station hall of Line 16 through a transfer passage at the east, which takes about 3.5 minutes. Then passengers can arrive at the station hall of Line 2 through the station hall of Maglev Line and a set of mono-directional escalator, which takes about 2.5 minutes. Following through the transfer passage, passengers at the Line 2 station hall will walk to the east end of Line 7 station hall, which takes about 2min.
To take the Shanghai maglev train, the nearest exit is Exit 4 at Line 2.
Events
At about 11:05, 26 April 2021, a passenger climb the door and enter the lines of Line 2, causing the quick react of station staff. Confirmed by emergency workers, the passengers that climbed the door has been dead. The operation of Line 2 returns normality at noon.
Places nearby
Huamu Park
Longyang Plaza
Shanghai New International Expo Center
Wan Bang City Garden
References
External link
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 2, Shanghai Metro
Line 7, Shanghai Metro
Line 16, Shanghai Metro
Line 18, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1999
Railway stations in Shanghai
Ngwe Hee Sem ( or Ah Sem, born ) is a Malaysian politician from the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA), a component party of the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition who has served as Member of the Malacca State Executive Council (EXCO) in the BN state administration under Chief Minister Sulaiman Md Ali since November 2021 and Member of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Machap Jaya since November 2021. He is also the sole Malacca EXCO member of Chinese descent and one of the only two MLAs from MCA along with Lim Ban Hong. In MCA, he is member of the Central Committee, Organising Secretary of MCA of Malacca and Vice Chairman of MCA of Alor Gajah Division.
Political career
Ngwe was elected to the Malacca State Legislative Assembly in the 2021 state election, winning the seat of Machap Jaya from incumbent Ginie Lim Siew Lin of the Pakatan Harapan (PH) opposition coalition who did not recontest. In addition, he was also appointed as Member of the Malacca state EXCO in charge of Unity, Human Resources, Community Relations and Consumer Affairs by Chief Minister Sulaiman in November 2021.
Election results
See also
Machap Jaya (state constituency)
References
1968 births
Living people
People from Malacca
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian Buddhists
Malaysian Chinese Association politicians
Members of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly
University of Tennessee alumni
21st-century Malaysian politicians
ARTHUR is an inverted-spinning dark ride roller coaster at Europa-Park in Rust, Germany. The attraction opened in spring 2014 as part of the wider "ARTHUR - In the Minimoys Kingdom" area themed after the Arthur series of books and films by Luc Besson.
History
In mid-November 2012, Europa-Park announced the addition of an Arthur and the Invisibles themed area for 2014. The announcement was timed with the annual International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions (IAAPA) Trade Show in Orlando, Florida, and detailed a dark ride and a carousel would be included in the area. Construction for the attraction began in early 2013 on a plot of land set aside for an indoor attraction in 2000. Testing for the ride was scheduled to begin in February 2014. Arthur – The Ride, along with the larger Kingdom of the Invisibles themed area, is officially opened to the public in June 2014.
Ride experience
The ride system behind Arthur – The Ride was developed by Mack Rides, who own Europa-Park, making it the first, and currently only inverted coaster produced by a company other than B&M, Intamin, or Vekoma. Riders are suspended beneath the steel roller coaster track in one of nine, 12-person vehicles. The attraction features a theoretical hourly capacity of 1,600 riders. The ride features seven scenes both inside and outside the show building. Unlike most roller coasters, Arthur – The Ride does not require gravity for movement, instead it is powered by motors inside the trains. It begins with a spiral lift hill. The ride features animatronics by Life Formations and Heimotion, as well as other 4D effects such as water, wind and scents.
Themed area
Arthur – The Ride is one of several attractions within the Kingdom of the Invisibles themed area. The area spans , beneath a dome and encompass an island, two streams and an enchanted forest. Theming inside the area was developed by P&P Projects, Neverland Decors, TAA and AAB. This theming is proportionately oversized, such that a guest feels like they are the size of an ant. Other attractions within the area include Poppy Tower, a family drop tower by Zierer; Mul-Mul, a Jump Around by Zamperla; and a playground with slides by Atlantics GmbH. The area also features food, beverage, and retail outlets.
Reception
Brady MacDonald of the Los Angeles Times ranked the attraction as number 8 on his top 14 most anticipated attractions for 2014.
See also
2014 in amusement parks
References
External links
Animatronic attractions
Enclosed roller coasters
Rides at Europa-Park
2014 establishments in Germany
The 3rd Filmfare Awards were held in 1956.
Biraj Bahu and Jagriti won 2 awards each, thus becoming the most-awarded films at the ceremony, with the former winning Best Director (for Bimal Roy) and Best Actress (for Kamini Kaushal), and the latter winning Best Film and Best Supporting Actor (for Abhi Bhattacharya).
Main Awards
Best Film
Jagriti
Best Director
Bimal Roy - Biraj Bahu
Best Actor
Dilip Kumar - Azaad
Best Actress
Kamini Kaushal - Biraj Bahu
Best Supporting Actor - Male
Abhi Bhattacharya - Jagriti
Best Supporting Actor - Female
Nirupa Roy - Munimji
Best Music
Hemant Kumar - Nagin for Man Dole Mera Tan Dole
Technical Awards
Best Sound
R. Kaushik - Amar
Best Art Direction
Rusi Banker - Mirza Ghalib
Best Cinematography
Dwarka Divecha - Yasmin
Best Editing
Hrishikesh Mukherjee - Naukari
References
External links
3rd Filmfare awards
Filmfare Awards
Filmfare
1956 in Indian cinema
Safeplanet is a Thai indie-pop band 3 people lead by the main vocalist Thitiphat “A” Arthachinua a music that combines guitar pop with DIY ethic in opposition to the style. Safeplanet (Safe Planet) means "Our safe area It's an area where we can perform our work comfortably.”
Band members
Thitipat "A" Arthachinda () - Lead Vocals - guitarist
Aphiwich "Doi" Khamfoo () - drummer
Chayapan "Yee" Chantranuson () - bassist
History
The beginning
Safeplanet is made up of three people who are all studying music in the Faculty of Music and subject of jazz. ‘A' studied at Silpakorn University. Doi and Yi studied at Mahidol University.
The band was formed by former members of the band 'Shadow Flare', ‘A Thitipat Attchinda ()' lead vocals – guitarist and 'Doi Aphiwit Khamfu ()' drummer and they are a back-up for Jelly Rocket band. As a result, a new band was formed by Doi invited ‘Yee Chayapan Chantranuson ()' bassist, who was previously the back-up for Jelly Rocket band to record a song which would later become a member of Safeplanet.
'Safeplanet' is to describe a planet that is "Their secure zone with a comfortable environment in which we can perform ". They are a self-contained band that specializes in indie-pop music.
They had a very first single named “Klong Dam ()” which was released in 2016 and had a very popular song such as “Khamtop ()” and “Kot Khwam Chep Cham () which are in “Safeboys” album. Also, they had a first concert which held on July 6, 2019, in the name of “Safeplanet Neonplanet Concert” at Montri Studio ().
‘A Thitipat Attchinda ()' lead vocals – guitarist: graduated with a bachelor's degree from Faculty of Music Silpakorn University.
'Doi Aphiwit Khamfu ()' drummer - graduated with a bachelor's degree from College of Music Mahidol University.‘Yee Chayapan Chantranuson ()' bassist - graduated with a bachelor's degree from College of Music Mahidol University.
Safeplanet's identity: “Safeplanet's signature sound is guitar-banded. We use the guitar as a drive. And then there is a layer of chorus that is a unique singing. Consists of percussion We mix many types of music as if combining much pop music. type together Most of which, when incoming calls He will immediately know that it is us.”
Safeplanet's identity: “The inspiration for making music comes from real events that we felt at the time. For example, the song “Khaeng Khuek” comes from the people next to me. And I want to encourage him like "I'll take you." The people beside me are my girlfriends, friends, and family. Other than my girlfriend Ket and all the fans, of course, he's the one next to us, without them there wouldn't be us.”
Discography
Tours
Neonplanet Concert (6 July 2019)
This is their first concert in 5 years since the debut of the song, which took place at Mon Tri Studio () and featured Anatomy Rabbit as a special guest. The concert's theme and title were inspired by classical space and neon.
References
Montipa / Gandit Panthong, " พื้นที่ปลอดภัยสําหรับบทเพลงของ Safeplanet ", published by Fungjaizine on April 8, 2016
Warittha Saejia, " วงการเพลงไทยไปได้อีกไกล แต่ทําไมไม่ถึงฝันเสียทีคุยเรื่องทิศทางวงดนตรีกับ Safeplanet ", published by the matter on December 2, 2020
จิรภิญญา สมเทพ, " Safeplanet: ดาวเคราะห์แห่งเสียงดนตรีที่ออกจาก ‘กล่องดํา' ด้วยฝันอยากโคจรรอบโลก ", published by the people, January 20, 2021
Mover Team, "การเดินทางของ Safeplanet วงอินดี ้สุดคูลกับคอนเสิร์ตครั ้งแรกของพวกเขา ", published by Mover on May 30, 2019
pphtphat, "#Jellytalk ทําความรู้จัก Safeplanet 3 หนุ่ม กับแนวดนตรีอินดี้ที่คุณฟังแล้วจะรัก! ", published by Jelly on June 13, 2019
Vanrasa J., " รู้จัก Safeplanet วงดนตรีแนวอินดี้ป็อป ขวัญใจวัยรุ่นยุคใหม่ ", published by Thaiger on May 31, 2021
" 'SAFEPLANET'วงดนตรีอินดี้ขวัญใจมหาชน ปล่อยเพลงใหม่ 'ถ้าเธอได้รู้'ทะลุล้านวิว ", published by Naewna on December 8, 2020
" “Safeplanet Neonplanet Concert” จักรวาลนีออนอันแสนสง่างาม การเติบโต และการเรียนรู้ที่ไม่มีวันสิ้นสุด ", published by Sanook on July 29, 2019
Thai pop music groups
Jesús Alberto Capella Ibarra is a Mexican law enforcement officer and former Tijuana's Commissioner of Police or Secretary of Public Security (Secretario Municipal de Seguridad Pública) of the municipality of Tijuana.
Made famous for his tough stance against Mexico's notorious drug industry, which in the past had been virtually non-existent in Mexico. Due to the nature of his involvement in attempts to stop drug trafficking, notably among the Tijuana drug cartels, Capella has been the subject of assassination attempts and extortion.
Capella Ibarra was removed from the position of Secretary for Public Security on December 1, 2008. In an unprecedented and unexplained move, he was substituted by a military official, Lieutenant Colonel Julián Leyzaola.
Capella Ibarra was renamed again Secretary of Public Security of the municipality of Tijuana on October 4, 2011, by his godfather Carlos Bustamante who was mayor at the time.
References
Mexican police officers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stanford Morris Lyman (June 10, 1933 – March 9, 2003) was an American sociologist. He is recognized for his work on interactionism and the sociology of race relations in the United States. He served as president of the Mid-South Sociological Association, and he co-founded the American Sociological Association's Section on Asian/Asian American sociology. He was also a founder of the International Journal of Politics, Culture, and Society. He died of liver cancer on March 9, 2003.
References
1933 births
2003 deaths
American sociologists
University of California, Berkeley alumni
The New School faculty
Florida Atlantic University faculty
Deaths from liver cancer
Mopeia District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
The reedhaunters are two species of marsh-dwelling Furnariid birds found in south-eastern Brazil, north-eastern Argentina and Uruguay. They occupy a similar ecological niche to some reed warblers.
The two species are superficially similar, and often included in the same genus, Limnornis, but evidence suggests the straight-billed reedhaunter is closer to the Cranioleuca spinetails than it is to the curve-billed reedhaunter.
Species
Curve-billed reedhaunter (Limnornis curvirostris).
Straight-billed reedhaunter (Limnoctites rectirostris).
References
Furnariidae
The Obusier de 155 mm C modèle 1881 - was a French howitzer designed by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange and employed by the French army during the First World War.
History
The Obusier de 155 mm C mle 1881 was one of a series of heavy artillery pieces designed by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange. On 11 May 1874 three de Bange heavy cannons (120 mm, 155 mm, 240 mm) and two mortars (220 mm, 270 mm) were ordered by the French Army. The mle 1881 was advanced for its time due to being built completely of steel instead of a steel liner and cast iron reinforcing hoops of the previous Canon de 240 mm C mle 1870-87.
Design
Unlike the earlier Canon de 155 mm L modèle 1877, the mle 1881 was designed for short range high angle fire instead of long-range low angle fire. The mle 1881 used a distinctive looking gooseneck shaped box trail, was a breech loaded howitzer with a steel barrel and a de Bange obturator which used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles. The mle 1881 was originally built without a recoil mechanism and in order to traverse the carriage needed to be levered into position before and after each shot limiting the rate of fire. For transport, the mle 1881 could be fitted with a set of removable wooden spoked wheels with steel rims at the front of the carriage. The tail of the carriage was then hooked to a limber and caisson for horse towing. Site preparation included creating a firing platform made of wooden beams which took 2.5 hours to build.
First World War
Although the majority of combatants had heavy field artillery prior to the outbreak of the First World War, none had adequate numbers of heavy guns in service, nor had they foreseen the growing importance of heavy artillery once the Western Front stagnated and trench warfare set in. Fortresses, armories, coastal fortifications, and museums were scoured for heavy artillery and sent to the front. Suitable field and rail carriages were built for these guns in an effort to give their forces the heavy field artillery needed to overcome trenches and hardened concrete fortifications.
At the outbreak of the First World War, it is estimated there were 237 mle 1881's available. The mle 1881 was classified as a siege et de place (stationary siege gun) and was assigned to régiments d'artillerie à pied (fortress artillery regiments) for the defense of fortifications. Although designed to be a stationary howitzer for use in fortifications its light weight and removable wheels meant it was often used as a field howitzer. Although the mle 1881 was short ranged it had a reputation for accuracy and its high angle fire meant it could be fired from concealed positions to reduce crew exposure.
Variants
En Portee - An unknown number of mle 1881's were mounted on trucks to create mobile artillery pieces. These were mounted on a flatbed truck with the barrel over the cab of the truck.
- This consisted of mle 1881's installed in revolving iron domed turrets in concrete fortifications at Lucey and other French forts .
Affût-truck Peigné-Canet mle 1897 - Was developed by Lieutenant Colonel Peigné and engineer Gustave Canet at the turn of the century. This conversion involved mounting the guns on rail wagons which ran on narrow-gauge tracks at the forts of Verdun, Toul, Épinal, and Belfort. Each fortress was supposed to have twelve 155 C and eight 120 L guns on the same carriage. These allowed the guns to be quickly re-positioned to different parts of the fort and brought up ammunition and supplies. The guns were mounted on flatbed rail-cars with folding side panels that created a circular base when unfolded, they were also stabilized with four folding outriggers. The guns were mounted on articulated center pivot gun mounts which provided high angles of elevation, 360° of traverse and an integrated hydro-pneumatic recoil mechanism.
Obusier de 155 mm C mle 1881/12 Filloux - A modification program in 1912 gave 108 mle 1881's a new wedge-shaped box trail carriage with a hydro-pneumatic recoil mechanism and limited traverse. The new carriage was designed by Colonel Louis Filloux and consisted of a U shaped gun cradle which held the trunnioned barrel. When the gun fired the hydro-buffer slowed the recoil of the cradle which slid up a set of inclined rails on the firing platform and then returned to position by the combined action of the buffers and gravity. The new carriage improved the rate of fire and decreased the amount of setup time due to better weight distribution and less site preparation. The front of the carriage also pivoted to allow 24° of traverse.
Obusier de 155 mm C mle 1890 Baquet - This field howitzer used the same barrel as the mle 1881 on a new box trail carriage that had two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims and was designed to be light enough to be horse-drawn in one piece. The carriage was split into two parts, a stationary lower part which supported the weapon and a sliding upper part which supported the gun barrel. The upper part was L shaped and the gun barrel was inserted into a cradle with a hydro-pneumatic recoil system below the barrel which connected to the lower portion of the carriage. The cradle and carriage had a hollow center section to allow for high angles of elevation, while the front of the cradle pivoted to allow limited traverse. When the gun fired the cradle recoiled backward, while the lower part stayed anchored. This carriage and recoil system was also used by the less powerful Obusier de 120 mm C modèle 1890. The recoil mechanism was not enough to absorb the barrels recoil forces and this made the piece unstable at firing. This style of carriage and recoil system did not find wider acceptance due to its insufficient performance. In August 1914, 134 mle 1890s were assigned to régiments d'artillerie lourde de campagne (heavy field artillery regiments) and régiments d'artillerie à pied (fortress artillery regiments) in forts of the Séré de Rivières.
Ammunition
The mle 1881 used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles. The charges were in cloth bags and the weight of propellant could be varied from to vary range and velocity.
Gallery
References
Artillery of France
World War I artillery of France
World War I guns
Siege artillery
155 mm artillery
Legionella gresilensis is a Gram-negative, aerobic, catalase-positive, non-spore-forming bacterium with a polar flagellum from the genus Legionella which was isolated from a shower from thermal spa water in the city Gréoux-les-Bains.
References
External links
Type strain of Legionella gresilensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Legionellales
Bacteria described in 2001
Simon Jackson is a British playwright, filmmaker and poet, born in Manchester, UK. His plays deal with themes of redemptive love, the trauma of creation and the peeling back of layers to reveal the truth. The plays often exist in a dream like space between reality and fantasy and are characterised by poetic language and rich imagery.
Life
Born in Manchester, Jackson studied Literature and Commercial Art at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, USA and Drama at Manchester University. He was later graduated with an MA (Distinction) in Textual Analysis and Creative Writing at the University of Edinburgh.
He was director of Living Arts Space Theatre Company, Manchester, from 1992 until 1995. He co-wrote a series of training films for Reuters International and a series of radio plays for French children learning English then left to teach in Eastern Europe, North Africa and South America. In 1998 he became the academic advisor to Heinemann/Macmillan, for Peru and was Head of Drama at Newton International College, Lima from 1998 to 2001.
Theatre
Jackson has had more than 20 plays performed.
Selected plays
Turning to the Camera (2011) Siege Perilous Theatre, Edinburgh. The Guardian's Pick of the Week for Scottish theatre, 26 November 2011. Turning to the Camera is 'tightly-plotted with just the right number of twists and turns... a sharply-focused and well-developed thriller, it is certainly an impressive showcase for (Jackson's) talents' Edinburgh Spotlight Published by The Play Depot,
The Rose Garden (2009), published by The Play Depot, , shortlisted for The Eileen Eckhart Award 2009 (Canada) and The Diana Raffles New Theatre Publications Award 2010 (UK). Broadcast on Phonic FM's Radio Hour 24 March 2011.
Beginning of a Great Adventure (2009) – winner of the Audience Award for Best Play, Cambridge Monologue and Duologue Festival 2009, performed at the Cambridge Hotbed festival
The Algebra of Attraction (2004) performed at Teatro Peruano-Britanico, Lima, Peru to celebrate British-Peruvian co-operation
Tantrum! (1995), Living Arts Space Theatre Company, Gateway Theatre, Chester and touring. Shortlisted for the Buxton Festival Fringe Best New Play and Best Comedy Awards, 1995
The Lift – winner of Understanding Magazine's Edinburgh Fringe New Drama Award, 1995
Reflections of Moonlight on Moving Water (1994), Contact Theatre Company, Manchester, Winner of the British Gas Young Playwrights' Award 1994
Frankenstein – the Monster's Story (1994), Theatre of Fire – written with Theatre of Fire and the Irish band, Illywhacker, as a spectacular outdoor performance involving pyrotechnics, circus performers and live music. It headlined the theatre bill for Glastonbury 1994 and then toured outdoor venues and festivals in Northern Europe for two years.
Poetry and short stories
Jackson's poetry and short stories have been translated into Dutch, French, Japanese, Serbian and Spanish and widely published in anthologies and literary magazines in Britain and overseas
He has been the winner of several literary competitions, including the Malton Literature Festival Poetry Award 2011, Ware Poets Sonnet Prize 2011, Segora Poetry Prize 2010/11, The Writers Bureau Poetry Competition 2010, Grace Dieux Writers' Prize 2009 and Tyne Valley Writers Open Poetry Competition in 1997. He was the judge for the Grace Dieu Award 2010.
A collection entitled Fragile Cargo will be published by BeWrite Publishing in spring 2012.
Film
In the 1990s Jackson co-wrote a series of training films for Reuters International with Reuters Training Editor, George Short. Since then he has specialised in short films, often using stop motion animation, winning the Special Jury Award in Cameo Cinema's Love is Hell festival (2007) and both the Audience Award and Best Screenplay Award in Edinburgh's 48 Hour Film Festival. Jackson composes the music for all his films and radio plays and won Best Soundtrack in Edinburgh's 2011 48-Hour Film Festival.
Other short films include work for Billy Bragg's Jail Guitar Doors charity and collaborations with Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly and with Scottish poets and artists Brian McCabe, Andrew Greig, Ali Hayes and Aonghas MacNeacail, shown by the BBC, at the UN Climate Change Conference in Mexico and at Film and Literary Festivals around the world.
He was invited to write a series of treatments for Transporter 2 (2004) by Jason Statham. Although the treatments were not used he has recently finished a full length screenplay for a new Statham project.
References
External links
Simon Jackson entries in the Playwrights Database at http://www.doollee.com/PlaywrightsJ/jackson-simon.html
Living people
British dramatists and playwrights
British poets
British male screenwriters
North Carolina State University alumni
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British male poets
British male dramatists and playwrights
Year of birth missing (living people)
Final Fantasy Dimensions II, also known as in Japan, is a free-to-play game developed by Matrix Software and published by Square Enix for Android and iOS devices. It is the second game released in Japan with the "Final Fantasy Legends" title after Final Fantasy Legends: Hikari to Yami no Senshi (which was localized worldwide under the name Final Fantasy Dimensions). It revolves around traveling through time in order to save the world from a god.
It was later re-branded on November 2, 2016, as Final Fantasy Legends II in Japan. On October 31, 2017, the old free-to-play version of the game was shut down and a paid one was re-launched with the same name in Japan, and released worldwide as Final Fantasy Dimensions II.
Gameplay
The game uses a turn-based battle system, similar to the one used in Final Fantasy X. Only a maximum of three party members can fight in battle, with the character Mootie taking up a support role. In battle, party member commands are present on a dual-sided command ring, one side with the character's normal battle abilities and the other for summon special attacks. This allows the three members to have up to five actions on each side; a regular physical attack in the ring's middle and four abilities from summon stones equipped to the party members before entering a battle zone. In addition, each character has three consumption meters that can be filled in battle. Characters receive 20%-60% of a consumption meter point for each action they make and can use consumption meter points to summon their equipped summons. Battles run on a chain meter to determine the amount of rewards a player can select from chests after completing a battle zone. The meter loses points for taking actions from both the party and enemies, but players can raise the meter with crystals that drop in battle by defeating enemies or by using a summon's special attack. This chain meter can reach a maximum of 4.
Energy is required to complete quests and go for any run in any area. A point of energy will regenerate every 3 minutes, and about 5-10 energy is required to challenge an area or complete a quest. Upon leveling up, the player's max energy may increase by one, and the energy bar is completely recovered. Energy is not required when fighting through the story's events that are newly released every 2–3 weeks. Recovering AP is achieved by waiting about 3 hours or so or by spending 100 Space Time Stones.
Summons plays a pivotal role in a character's stats and abilities. Abilities may only be used when equipped with a certain phantom stone. In addition, character stats can only be increased by equipping weapons or accessories, or obtaining memory fragments and upgrading summon phantom stones. Space-Time Stones (STS) are the main in-game currency used. It is given to players for free in events, storyline quests, daily rewards, broadcast sessions. It can be used to open treasure chests, or players can invest in the cash shop itself. Beginning in 2016, the cash shop has been split into two or more unique cash-shops that require different amounts of STS to use them. For example, the event cash shop follows the standard method of summon. Players may access different cash shops by swapping left and right while in the cash shop main menu. Summons can be leveled and can be upgraded in rank after their phantom stone has reached the max level. Upgrading phantom stones require the player to have to summon fully leveled on its current rank. However, once a summon's phantom stone is upgraded in rank, they revert to level 1 again and must be leveled up once more. All phantom stones have a maximum rank of various stars, with a maximum at eight.
Battle encounters are presented in rounds that start once the player enters a battle zone on the world map. Once a player enters a zone, they will have to fight a barrage of enemies until they reach the end. Entering a battle zone can cost either stamina points or CP hourglasses. Players can choose to escape a battle, if they find themselves overwhelmed by the enemies, however, any loot obtained during the battle will be forfeit. The loot will also be forfeit if they lose the battle.
After every battle, the player is rewarded with treasure chests. Players are able to open a certain number of chests depending on their crystal value when the battle ends. Depending on the crystal value, players are able to open more treasure boxes at the end and a secret reward is unlocked when the player reaches over 4 crystals in a battle. Most battles contain seven treasure chests including the secret chest. "CHAIN" will be displayed if players defeat two monsters without interruption. Under "CHAIN", all monsters will reel in 0.2 crystals when defeated. However, "CHAIN" will disappear if the player lets monsters use any skills or attacks.
It is possible to add other people in the friend list. This enables one to use their specific phantom stone while in battle via the pet, Mootie and different types of phantom stone may be used time to time, depending on what was equipped by Morrow in the first slot. Maximum of 30 friends can be added at any time. Friends can give a percentage of their earned Yellow Vouchers and Keys for use in the Tower of Babil from time to time, which makes it easy for them to stack if one didn't spend them in the Tower over a period of time. Mootie will become stronger as the party level increases, it will also grow stronger with the party's buffs, and grow weaker with the party's debuffs.
By completing quests, players will obtain an Hourglass item. Hourglasses are called "CP" and are needed to do event battles, the “Tower of Babil”, or the hourglass station that could be found in almost every dimension. The hourglass station contains memory fragments of characters that permanently increases their stats. Upon receiving the memory fragment, the player must go to the memory keeper at the space dimension to exchange them for additional stat boosts. By completing quests, players may obtain weapons, rings, phantom stones, and tails to upgrade their phantom stones.
Plot
A boy named Morrow meets a girl named Aemo who work together to save time and space, making friends from all time periods as they time travel. Along the way, they find Signet Crystals which allow them to summon monsters to their aid.
Development
Concept & creation
The game was originally announced in 2014 as Final Fantasy Legends: The Space-Time Crystal, and its two protagonists went by the names Tomorrow and Emo instead of Morrow and Aemo in the Dimensions II version. The game was directed, written, and designed by Takashi Tokita, based in part on his original plans for the cancelled Chrono Break, a proposed sequel to Chrono Trigger. Tokita noted that the balance between the three characters and Aemo's character settings were among the elements from his original plans. The game also took inspiration from classic Super NES titles such as Final Fantasy V and Final Fantasy VI to bring players a sense of nostalgia.
Visuals and music
The game's character designs and image illustrations were handled by CyDesignation, an art design firm founded and directed by former Square Enix artists. The soundtrack was composed and produced by Naoshi Mizuta with over fifty tracks. The game's main theme is Timeless Tomorrow performed by the singer Lia. Mizuta crafted the music to make players feel that when they travel, they have entered a new time, this made sure that all the music was fresh and new.
Release
The game was initially released in downloadable segments over time, and was free with in-app purchases available. Those who pre-registered got a white chocobo signet within the game. The game also features cameos of characters and props from other games, such as Oersted the knight from the video game Live A Live, and a spell book from The Irregular at Magic High School.
Reception
Touch Arcade praised the games large amount of content, but noted that the game can drag because it was originally a “free to play” game and is best to play in small doses. Kotaku said of the game that “we've got an interesting story about time travel, presented in the most boring way possible”, noting that the stamina system that was part of when the game was in its free form causes the game to become too easy.
On May 8, 2015, Square Enix announced that the game had 1.5 million downloads since release.
External links
Official website
International site
References
Role-playing video games
Android (operating system) games
Final Fantasy video games
IOS games
2015 video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Naoshi Mizuta
The Imperial Pleasure Palace Schönbrunn, Courtyard Side, in German: Das kaiserliche Luftschloß Schönbrunn, Ehrenhofseite, is a painting dating back to the years of 1759 and 1760 by the Italian painter Bernardo Bellotto, depicting the palace of Schönbrunn in Vienna, after a renovation in 1744-49 by Nicolò Pacassi. It measures 135 cm × 235 cm in size and is located at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna, Austria. The work captures the historic moment on August 16, 1759, when empress Maria Theresa received the message that the Austrian army had won in battle against the Prussians at Kunersdorf.
References
18th-century paintings
Paintings by Bernardo Bellotto
The Non-Smokers' Rights Association (NSRA) is a Canadian non-profit organization dedicated to fighting tobacco usage. It was founded in Toronto by nurse Rosalee Berlin, and quickly evolved into an international leader on the issues of tobacco control, especially tobacco advertising, tobacco sponsorship, and tobacco packaging.
Its sister non-profit organization is the Smoking and Health Action Foundation (SHAF), a registered charity in Canada. SHAF provides education on the issues of tobacco control. Garfield Mahood, O.C., has been Executive Director of the NSRA and SHAF since soon after their creation in 1974.
Awards
In 2000, the NSRA received the American Cancer Society's Luther L. Terry Award For Exemplary Leadership in Tobacco Control, in the category of "Outstanding Organization".
The NSRA has also been awarded the World Health Organization's Gold Medal for tobacco control, as well as the Canadian Cancer Society's Award of Merit.
References
External links
Non-Smokers' Rights Association (NSRA)
Tobacco control
Smoking in Canada
Primo Valentino (foaled 14 February 1997) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. A specialist sprinter, he showed his best form as a two-year-old in 1999 when he won his last five races including the Sirenia Stakes, Mill Reef Stakes and Middle Park Stakes. He recorded his only subsequent victory in 2001 when he won the Abernant Stakes. He made little impact as a breeding stallion.
Background
Primo Valentino was a small "chunky" bay horse foaled on Valentine's Day 1997. He was bred in Ireland by Pendley Farm, the breeding organisation of his owner and trainer Peter Harris. He was sired by Primo Dominie, a high-class two-year-old and sprinter who won four Group races in 1984 and 1985 before going on to sire over six hundred winners during his stud career. Apart from Primo Valentino, his best offspring were First Trump and the Premio Roma winner Imperial Dancer. Primo Valentino's dam Dorothea Brooke won one of her ten races and became a successful broodmare who produced the Cherry Hinton Stakes winner Dora Carrington. She was a daughter of Connaught Bridge whose wins included the Nassau Stakes and the Yorkshire Oaks in 1979 and who was, in turn, a descendant of the broodmare Rustic Bridge, the female-line ancestor of Cantelo and Yeats.
Harris owned the colt in a partnership known as the Primo Donnas and trained him at his stable at Ringshall in Buckinghamshire.
Racing career
1999: two-year-old season
Primo Valentino was ridden in his first three starts by Pat Eddery. He made his racecourse debut in a race over five furlongs at Windsor Racecourse on 17 May in which he started the 5/4 favourite and finished second, beaten one and a quarter length by Barringer. Two weeks later the colt was stepped up in class for the Listed National Stakes at Sandown Park Racecourse and finished fourth of the seven runners behind the Mick Channon-trained Rowaasi. He was then dropped back in class for a maiden race on 12 June at Leicester Racecourse and recorded his first success, leading from the start and winning easily by six lengths from Breathless Dreams. Jimmy Fortune took over from Eddery when the colt started 4/7 favourite for a minor race at Goodwood two weeks later and won by two lengths from Halland Park Girl.
After a break of two and a half months, Primo Valentino returned in the Listed Sirenia Stakes over six furlongs at Kempton Park on 8 September. Ridden by Michael Roberts he started the 15/8 favourite against five opponents including the fillies Kashra and Seazun and the colt Ginola's Magic (third in the Richmond Stakes). After tracking the leaders, Primo Valentino took the lead a furlong out and won "cleverly" by half a length from Seazun with a gap of three and a half lengths back to Imperialist and third. Ten days later the colt started 6/5 favourite for the Group Two Mill Reef Stakes at Newbury with his three opponents being Observatory, Ma Yoram (runner-up in the Gimcrack Stakes) and the Barry Hills-trained Trouble Mountain. Before the race, a spokesman for the stable said "He has done very little wrong. We thought he was a good horse right from the beginning and he must have a serious chance". Primo Valentino led from the start, accelerated a furlong out and won "readily" by one and a quarter length from Trouble Mountain.
Primo Valentino was reunited with Eddery when the colt contested the Group One Middle Park Stakes at Newmarket on 30 September and started 100/30 second favourite behind Invincible Spirit. The other runners were Warm Heart (Norfolk Stakes), Brahms (runner-up in the Futurity Stakes) and the maiden race winners Fath and Trinculo. Eddery sent Primo Valentino into the lead from the start, with Fath and Brahms being his closest pursuers. The order remained the same throughout, with Primo Valentino running on "gamely" in the final furlong to win by a neck from Fath, with Brahms just over a length away in third.
2000: three-year-old season
On his three-year-old debut Primo Valentino was tested over one mile for the first and only time when he contested the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket on 6 May. Starting a 16/1 outsider he showed "terrific speed" to lead the field until tiring a furlong from the finish and finished seventh of the twenty-seven runners behind King's Best. The colt returned to sprint distances four weeks later when he was sent to Germany for the Group Three Bénazet-Rennen over 1200 metres but despite starting the odds-on favourite he again faded in the closing stages after setting the early pace and finished sixth. The Racing Post described his performance as "desperately disappointing". Primo Valentino's best performance of 2000 came when he faced an international weight-for-age field in the July Cup at Newmarket. He led the field and stayed on after being overtaken a furlong out to finish fourth behind Agnes World, Lincoln Dancer and Pipalong. On his final appearance of the year he was sent to France for the Prix de l'Abbaye over 1000 metres at Longchamp Racecourse and finished ninth behind the Irish colt Namid.
2001: four-year-old season
Primo Valentino was expected to be retired at the end of the year, but plans were changed: a stable spokesman said "his two worst runs last season were both abroad, so the thinking now is that he might not be a good traveller".
He made his first appearance as a four-year-old in the Listed Abernant Stakes at Newmarket in April and started the 9/1 third choice in a twenty-three runners field. Under what was described as a "perfectly judged" ride from Richard Quinn he went to the front from the start and was never seriously challenged, winning by one and a quarter length from Fath. The colt failed to build on his promising start in his two subsequent races, finishing at the rear of the field in both the Cork and Orrery Stakes and the July Cup.
Stud record
Primo Valentino was retired from racing to become a breeding stallion. He was based at the Bearstone Stud before moving to the Yorton Farm Stud in Shropshire in 2007. He struggled to attract high-class mares and was exported to Iran in 2011. The most successful of his offspring has been Clever Cookie, a gelding whose wins have included the Premier Kelso Hurdle, Ormonde Stakes and the Yorkshire Cup.
Pedigree
References
1997 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 1-m
Erode Arts College is an arts college in Rangampalayam, Erode, Tamil Nadu, India, founded in 1971. The college belongs to the Mudaliar Educational Trust, which also includes Dr. RANM Arts & Science College.
The Erode Arts College is NAAC accredited with 'A' Grade, offering various programmes in the arts and science stream. It is an autonomous co-educational institution affiliated to Bharathiar University, Coimbatore. The professional courses offered have been approved by the India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).
See also
List of Educational Institutions in Erode
References
External links
Arts colleges in India
Universities and colleges in Erode district
Education in Erode
Educational institutions established in 1971
1971 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Colleges affiliated to Bharathiar University
El marqués de Bradomín. Coloquios románticos (The Marquis of Bradomin. Romantic meetings), is a play by the Spanish writer Ramón del Valle-Inclán. It was first performed in 1906.
The play was a partial adaptation by the author of his own novel Sonata otoño, which had appeared five years earlier, and is about the adventures of the womanizer Marquis of Bradomin, an aristocrat with political sympathies for the Carlists.
El Marques de Bradomín was staged at the Teatro de la Princesa in Madrid on January 25, 1906. Among the actors featured were Francisco Ortega García and Matilde Moreno, as well as Josefina Blanco who later became the author's wife.
References
La escena moderna: manifiestos y textos sobre teatro de la época de vanguardias. José A. Sánchez. Page 437
Spanish plays
1906 plays
Pandanus christmatensis is a dioecious tropical plant in the screwpine genus. It is endemic to Christmas Island, an Australian territory in the north-eastern Indian Ocean. The specific epithet, "christmatensis", comes from its native locality.
Description
Pandanus christmatensis is a small tree or shrub, with prop roots, that grows to 10 m in height. Its leaves are 1–2 m long and 50–80 mm wide, dark green and with marginal prickles. The inflorescence has white bracts. The fruit is orange when ripe.
Distribution and habitat
The plant forms dense, tangled thickets on the shore terraces of the island, often next to the sea, on exposed limestone cliffs with little soil. It also occurs inland beneath the rainforest canopy, particularly on limestone scree.
Taxonomy
The plant is closely related to Pandanus tectorius, which is widely distributed through the region, and is very similar to Pandanus platycarpus from Zanzibar.
References
Notes
Sources
christmatensis
Endemic flora of Christmas Island
Plants described in 1905
Taxa named by Ugolino Martelli
Mirchi may refer to:
Mirchi bada, spicy Indian doughnut
Mirchi ka salan, chilli curry
Mirchi (film), 2013 Indian film
Iqbal Mirchi (1950–2013), Indian drug kingpin
Radio Mirchi, Indian radio network
Mirchi Music Awards
Damnably is a small independent record label and music publisher based in London, England, which also organises live events and tours for its roster of acts.
History
The label was founded in 2006 by George Gargan, of the band Former Utopia. He was later joined by filmmaker Janice Li. The label's first release was a single by Former Utopia, and its first high-profile signing was Shonen Knife. The label has specialized in signing international bands, particularly from Asia.
Gargan and Li were married in the late 2010s, and several Damnably artists released songs to commemorate the event. Damnably is a member of the Association of Independent Music and PRS for Music Limited.
Artists
Damnably has released records and/or provided promotion for the following artists:
Bellini
Bitch Magnet
Kath Bloom
Bottomless Pit
Chris Brokaw
Codeine
Dick Dale
Julie Doiron
Drinking Boys and Girls Choir
Geoff Farina
Former Utopia
David Grubbs
Hazy Sour Cherry
MJ Hibbett
Joel RL Phelps and the Downer Trio
Lazarus Clamp
Lonelady
PW Long
Jason Molina
Otoboke Beaver
Say Sue Me
Scrawl
Benjamin Shaw
Shonen Knife
Spraydog
Stinking Lizaveta
Damo Suzuki
Thee More Shallows
Uzeda
Shannon Wright
Wussy
References
Companies based in London
Yangzhou University (YZU; ) is a university in Yangzhou, Jiangsu Province, China. It grew out of a merger in 1992 of six local colleges. The university offers undergraduate and graduate programs.
History
Jiangsu Province Government proceeded to merge Jiangsu Agriculture College (), Yangzhou Teachers' College (), Yangzhou Institute of Technology (), Yangzhou Medical College (), Jiangsu Water Conservancy College () and Jiangsu Commerce College () into a new university in 1988. It was implemented in 1992.
Schools
YZU offers its undergraduates 92 programs covering 11 disciplines, through its 26 schools:
School of Chinese Language and Literature
Social Development
Law
Educational Science and Technology (the Teachers' College)
Foreign Languages
Mathematical Science
Physical Science and Technology
Chemistry and Chemical Engineering
Physical Education
Mechanical Engineering
Information Engineering
Architectural Science and Engineering
Water Conservancy and Hydraulic Engineering
Environmental Science and Engineering
Agriculture
Animal Science and Technology
Veterinary Science
Bio-science and Bio-technology
Economics
Journalism and Communication
Management
Medicine
Nursing
Arts
Tourism and Cuisine (Food Science)
Guangling College (university investment)
References
External links
Suqian College 2nd dept. sponsored by
Yangzhou University
Universities and colleges in Jiangsu
Medical schools in China
Universities in China with English-medium medical schools
Kasirye is a Ugandan surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jamil Kasirye (born 1954), Ugandan football goalkeeper
Ruth Kasirye (born 1982), Norwegian weightlifter
See also
Kasirye Byaruhanga, a Ugandan law firm
Surnames of African origin
Mobilicoccus is a genus of bacteria from the family Dermatophilaceae.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria genera
Edward Taylor (sometimes referred to as Edward Hallows Taylor; 7 March 1887 – 5 July 1956) was an England international footballer who played 8 games as a goalkeeper for his country.
Honours
Huddersfield Town
First Division (3): 1923–24, 1924–25, 1925–26
References
External links
England profile
Everton profile
1887 births
1956 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
English Football League players
English footballers
England international footballers
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Everton F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Footballers from Liverpool
English Football League representative players
Alfred William "Al" Edel (July 30, 1935 – July 3, 2005) was a veteran news broadcaster who anchored the newscast for the Voice of America on shortwave radio.
Biography
Al Edel was born in Buffalo, New York. He graduated from the College of Wooster in Ohio and received his master's in communications from Syracuse University. Edel worked for radio station, WBKW in Buffalo before moving to Frankfurt, Germany in 1960 to broadcast on the thirteen station American Forces Network in Europe. In 1966, he moved to New York City to join ABC Radio News to anchor the network's newscasts, which were broadcast across the United States. In 1969, Edel moved to Sioux Falls, South Dakota to anchor the television newscasts for KSOO-TV (later renamed KSFY-TV). In 1980, he moved to Washington, DC, where he worked at ABC as a news writer for Good Morning America. In 1982, Edel anchored the newscasts on the Voice of America shortwave radio service for eighteen years.
After his retirement in 2000, Al Edel moved to Utah. On July 3, 2005, he died of cancer at the age of 69 in a hospice in St. George, Utah. He was survived by his wife, two sons, and three granddaughters. He had requested that no funeral or memorial service be held.
External links
Al Edel's obituary in The Washington Post.
S. D. Watch Blog entry
1935 births
2005 deaths
Syracuse University alumni
American male journalists
College of Wooster alumni
Radio personalities from Buffalo, New York
People from Sioux Falls, South Dakota
People from St. George, Utah
South Dakota television anchors
South Dakota television reporters
Deaths from cancer in Utah
Journalists from South Dakota
Journalists from New York (state)
Television personalities from Buffalo, New York
20th-century American journalists
is a prefectural museum in Yamaguchi, Japan, dedicated to the natural history and history of Yamaguchi Prefecture. It also has displays relating to science, technology, and astronomy. The museum opened as the Bōchō Educational Museum in 1912 and moved to its present location in 1917, reopening as the Yamaguchi Prefectural Educational Museum. The current building dates to 1967. The museum celebrated its one hundredth anniversary in 2012.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Yamaguchi)
Yamaguchi Prefectural Art Museum
Suō Province
Nagato Province
References
External links
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Yamaguchi (city)
History museums in Japan
Prefectural museums
Museums established in 1912
1912 establishments in Japan
NK Pomorac 1921 is a Croatian football club based in Kostrena, a suburb of Rijeka which currently plays in Croatian third tier 3. HNL West. Kostrena is known for its maritime tradition, which is reflected in the club's name, as the word "pomorac" means "mariner" or "seaman" in English.
History
Since the independence of Croatia in 1992 NK Pomorac played in Croatian Third Football League until the 1995–96 season, when they were promoted to the Druga HNL. NK Pomorac played in Druga HNL from 1996–97 to 2000–01, when they were promoted to the Prva HNL, Croatian top tier. The club had two seasons in Prva HNL – 2001–02 and 2002–03. Arguably, the 2001–02 season was the most successful in the club's history, as they finished 7th in the league and managed to reach the semifinal of the Croatian Cup. Since 2003, NK Pomorac have played in Druga HNL, where they regularly performed well and finished among the top teams. Pomorac had finished the 2009–10 and the 2011–12 seasons as runners-up, but were denied promotion as they were unable to gain a licence required to compete in top level.
In October 2014, due to financial troubles and increasing debt, NK Pomorac was dissolved after 93 years of existence. In November 2014, the club was re-established as NK Pomorac 1921. In August 2017, the club started competing in the Second League of Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, sixth tier in the Croatian football league system.
Honours
Druga HNL
Runners-up (5): 1996–97 (West), 2000–01, 2003–04 (South), 2009–10, 2011–12
Treća HNL – West:
Winners (2): 1995–96, 1998–99
Inter-county League Rijeka:
Winners (1): 2020–21
1. ŽNL Primorsko-goranska:
Winners (1): 2019–20
2. ŽNL Primorsko-goranska:
Winners (1): 2017–18
Recent seasons
Key
Top scorer shown in bold when he was also top scorer for the division.
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
1. HNL = Prva HNL
2. HNL = Druga HNL
3. HNL = Treća HNL
4. NL Rijeka = Četvrta NL Rijeka
1. ŽNL = Prva ŽNL PGŽ
2. ŽNL = Druga ŽNL PGŽ
PR = Preliminary round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
References
Association football clubs established in 1921
Association football clubs established in 2014
Football clubs in Croatia
Football clubs in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County
1921 establishments in Croatia
2014 establishments in Croatia
Association football clubs disestablished in 2014
2014 disestablishments in Croatia
Cardigan Castle () is a castle overlooking the River Teifi in Cardigan, Ceredigion, Wales. It is a Grade I listed building. The castle dates from the late 11th-century, though was rebuilt in 1244. Castle Green House was built inside the castle walls in the early 1800s. After falling into disrepair the castle was restored in the early 2000s and opened to the public in 2015. It is owned by Ceredigion County Council and now includes a heritage centre and open-air concert facilities.
History
The first motte-and-bailey castle (ca.1093) was built a mile away from the present site, probably about the time of the founding of the town by Roger de Montgomery, a Norman baron.
The forerunner of the present castle was built by Gilbert Fitz Richard Lord of Clare after the former was destroyed.
The castle was handed down to Gilbert's son, Gilbert de Clare, 1st Earl of Pembroke in 1136. The same year, Owain Gwynedd led the defeat of the Norman rulers in the town of Cardigan at the Battle of Crug Mawr. The town was taken and burnt, though the castle was successfully defended by Normans commanded by Robert fitz Martin.
The castle was later recaptured by the Normans, and was held for Earl Roger of Hertford. In 1166 it was captured by Rhys ap Gruffydd, who rebuilt it in stone in 1171. In 1176 the first recorded eisteddfod was held at the castle.
After Rhys's death in 1197 his sons, Maelgwn and Gruffydd, disputed their inheritance resulting in Maelgwn surrendering Gruffydd to the Normans and selling the castle to King John. The castle was later held for William Marshall.
Llywelyn the Great captured it in 1215 and at the parliament held at Aberdyfi in 1216 made it over to the sons of Gruffydd ap Rhys of Deheubarth, but in 1223 William Marshall the Younger recaptured it. In 1231 the castle was again captured for Llywelyn by Rhys Gryg and his allies. Llywelyn held it until his death in 1240. On Llywelyn's death it fell back into Norman hands, and in 1244 Earl Gilbert of Pembroke rebuilt it with town walls for added protection. It is the remains of this building that still stands overlooking the river.
It was badly damaged during the English Civil War in Wales and until the 18th century it was only used as a prison.
Sometime between 1805 and 1808 the castle owner, John Bowen, arranged the construction of Castle Green House within the castle walls. The front range was added in 1827.
In 1940 the castle and house was bought by a shipping magnate His daughter, Barbara Wood, and her mother moved into Castle Green House but this slowly fell into disrepair and was allowed to decay further by the owner to the extent that the outer castle walls needed supporting. Miss Wood continued to occupy the castle for almost 60 years, despite attempts by the local authority to take over the castle in 1971 and Castle Green House being declared unfit for human habitation in 1984.
21st century
Miss Wood, the castle's last occupant, finally left the castle in 1996 to be cared for in a nursing home. Faced with six years of nursing costs, she put the castle up for private sale in 2001. The castle was purchased by Ceredigion County Council in April 2003 and repairs began as part of the regeneration of Cardigan. In 2004 Castle Green House appeared on the BBC's second series of Restoration, presented by Griff Rhys Jones.
Renovation work continued for some years after its purchase by the Council, and the castle was opened to the public on 15 April 2015
with a concert held in July 2015. The new facilities include bed-and-breakfast and self-catering accommodation, a heritage centre with education facilities, a restaurant (named "1176" in reference to Lord Rhys's eisteddfod in that year), an events and open-air concert area, and rooms for hire for classes.
Further reading
See also
1176 Cardigan eisteddfod
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in Wales
List of Scheduled Roman to modern Monuments in Ceredigion
References
External links
Cardigan Castle website
Buildings and structures completed in the 12th century
Castles in Ceredigion
Grade I listed castles in Wales
Grade I listed buildings in Ceredigion
Revolution is an American science fiction dramatic television series. The series was created by Eric Kripke and produced by J. J. Abrams and Bryan Burk. Jon Favreau directed the pilot episode. The series began on Monday September 17, 2012, at 10 pm.
On October 2, 2012, NBC picked it up for a full season of 22 episodes, which was later reduced to 20 episodes.
On April 26, 2013, the series was renewed by NBC for a second season of 22 episodes to air in a new time slot of Wednesdays at 8PM. The second season premiered on September 25, 2013.
On May 9, 2014, NBC announced that Revolution had been canceled before the remaining two episodes aired. In total, 42 episodes aired over two seasons.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2012–13)
Season 2 (2013–14)
Digital comics
Between May 4 and June 15, 2015, four separate digital chapters were released fortnightly. Each of the four chapters have a specifically designed cover, all illustrated by DC Comics artist Angel Hernandez.
Ratings
Altogether a total of 24.2 million American viewers watched all or some of the premiere episode and/or the encore two days later.
Season 1 (2012–13)
Season 2 (2013–14)
References
External links
2012 American television seasons
2013 American television seasons
2014 American television seasons
Lists of American science fiction television series episodes
Andrew Miller may refer to:
Sports
Andrew Miller (baseball) (born 1985), baseball pitcher
Andrew Miller (cricketer, born 1963), cricketer for Oxford University and Middlesex
Andrew Miller (cricketer, born 1987), cricketer for Warwickshire
Andrew Miller (ice hockey) (born 1988), American ice hockey player
Andrew Miller (rugby union) (born 1972), New Zealand rugby union player
Andrew Miller (footballer) (1899–?), Scottish footballer
Andy Miller (rugby union) (born 1982), rugby player for Exeter Chiefs
Andy Miller (golfer) (born 1978), American golfer
Andy Miller (harness racing) (born 1968), American harness racing driver
Drew Miller (born 1984), American professional ice hockey player
Drew Miller (offensive lineman) (born 1985), American football center
Drew Miller (quarterback) (born 1978), American football quarterback
Mack Miller (1931–2020), American cross-country skier and trainer
Others
Andrew Miller (engraver) (died 1763), English mezzotint engraver
Andrew G. Miller (1801–1874), early judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin
Andrew Miller (actor) (born 1969), actor who portrayed the autistic savant Kazan in the 1997 film Cube
Andrew Miller (executive) (born 1966), CEO of the Guardian Media Group
Andrew Miller (Medal of Honor, 1864) (1836–c. 1866), American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient
Andrew Miller (Medal of Honor, 1944) (1916–1944), American World War II Medal of Honor recipient
Andrew Miller (musician), former drummer for American band This Will Destroy You
Andrew Miller (North Dakota judge) (1870–1960), North Dakota Attorney General and district court judge
Andrew Miller (novelist) (born 1960), author of Ingenious Pain, Oxygen and Pure
Andrew Miller (doctor), former president of the Australian Medical Association (WA)
Andrew Miller (physician), worked on H1N1
Andrew Miller (politician) (1949–2019), British Labour Party politician
Andrew Miller (publisher) (1857–1919), Life magazine publisher/owner, racehorse owner/breeder
Andrew Miller (Royal Navy officer) (1926–1986), senior Royal Navy officer
Andrew Miller (writer) (born 1974), author of The Earl of Petticoat Lane and Snowdrops
Andrew P. Miller (born 1932), attorney general of Virginia, 1970–1977
Andy Miller (musician) (born 1968), guitarist for the band Dodgy
Roy Andrew Miller (1924–2014), linguist, and proponent of the Altaic hypothesis
Andy Miller (businessman) (born 1968), American businessman and corporate executive
Andy Miller (writer), British writer, author of The Year of Reading Dangerously
Andy Miller (US writer), American writer, joint winner of 2007 Writers Guild of America Award for Dramatic Series
Andy Miller (record producer), Scottish record producer
See also
Andrew Millar (1705–1768), publisher
16th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1840, the 16th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 16th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1928 Nova Scotia general election, the 38th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 39th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 16th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
1st district may refer to:
Australia
1st Military District (Australia)
Austria
Innere Stadt, the first district in the city of Vienna
Innere Stadt (Graz), the first district in the city of Graz
Hungary
2nd district of Budapest
Japan
Aichi 1st district
Akita 1st district
Aomori 1st district
Chiba 1st district
Ehime 1st district
Fukui 1st district
Fukuoka 1st district
Gifu 1st district
Gunma 1st district
Hiroshima 1st district
Hokkaido 1st district
Hyogo 1st district
Ibaraki 1st district
Ishikawa 1st district
Iwate 1st district
Kagawa 1st district
Kagoshima 1st district
Kanagawa 1st district
Kochi 1st district
Kumamoto 1st district
Kyoto 1st district
Mie 1st district
Miyagi 1st district
Miyazaki 1st district
Nagano 1st district
Nagasaki 1st district
Nara 1st district
Niigata 1st district
Oita 1st district
Okayama 1st district
Okinawa 1st district
Osaka 1st district
Saga 1st district
Saitama 1st district
Shiga 1st district
Shimane 1st district
Shizuoka 1st district
Tochigi 1st district
Tokushima 1st district
Tokyo 1st district
Tottori 1st district
Toyama 1st district
Wakayama 1st district
Yamagata 1st district
Yamaguchi 1st district
Yamanashi 1st district
Poland
District of Opolian Silesia (1st district)
United States
Alabama's 1st congressional district
Arizona's 1st congressional district
Arkansas's 1st congressional district
California's 1st congressional district
Colorado's 1st congressional district
Connecticut's 1st congressional district
Florida's 1st congressional district
Georgia's 1st congressional district
Hawaii's 1st congressional district
Idaho's 1st congressional district
Illinois's 1st congressional district
Indiana's 1st congressional district
Iowa's 1st congressional district
Kansas's 1st congressional district
Kentucky's 1st congressional district
Louisiana's 1st congressional district
Maine's 1st congressional district
Maryland's 1st congressional district
Massachusetts's 1st congressional district
Michigan's 1st congressional district
Minnesota's 1st congressional district
Mississippi's 1st congressional district
Missouri's 1st congressional district
Montana's 1st congressional district (from 2023)
Nebraska's 1st congressional district
Nevada's 1st congressional district
New Hampshire's 1st congressional district
New Jersey's 1st congressional district
New Mexico's 1st congressional district
New York's 1st congressional district
North Carolina's 1st congressional district
Ohio's 1st congressional district
Oklahoma's 1st congressional district
Oregon's 1st congressional district
Pennsylvania's 1st congressional district
Rhode Island's 1st congressional district
South Carolina's 1st congressional district
Tennessee's 1st congressional district
Texas's 1st congressional district
Utah's 1st congressional district
Virginia's 1st congressional district
Washington's 1st congressional district
West Virginia's 1st congressional district
Wisconsin's 1st congressional district
Epidemiology is a bi-monthly, peer-reviewed journal for epidemiologic research, published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The journal publishes original research from all fields of epidemiology, as well as review articles, meta-analyses, novel hypotheses, descriptions and applications of new methods and discussions of research theory and public health policy. It is the official journal of the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology (ISEE). In 2020, Epidemiology had an impact factor of 4.822, ranking 35th among 203 journals in the field of public, environmental and occupational health.
Epidemiology was founded by Ken Rothman in 1990. Allen Wilcox has been Editor-in-Chief since 2001. Its editorial offices are in Durham, North Carolina.
References
Epidemiology journals
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins academic journals
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1990
The 185th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 2007 and 2008 during the governorship of Deval Patrick. Therese Murray served as president of the Senate and Salvatore DiMasi served as speaker of the House.
Notable activities included new webcasting of Senate formal sessions and repeal of "a 1913 law declaring that nonresidents could not marry in Massachusetts if the marriage would not be legal in their home states."
Senators
Representatives
See also
2006 Massachusetts Senate election
2006 Massachusetts House of Representatives election
List of Massachusetts General Courts
110th United States Congress
References
Further reading
External links
Political history of Massachusetts
Massachusetts legislative sessions
massachusetts
2007 in Massachusetts
massachusetts
2008 in Massachusetts
The 2019–20 season was Willem II's 124th season in existence and the club's 6th consecutive season in the top flight of Dutch football. It covers a period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. They participated in the Eredivisie and the KNVB Cup.
Players
Current squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overview
Eredivisie
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The Eredivisie schedule was announced on 14 June 2019. The 2019–20 season was abandoned on 24 April 2020, due to the coronavirus pandemic in the Netherlands.
KNVB Cup
References
External links
Willem II (football club) seasons
Willem II
The rufous paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone cinnamomea) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae.
It is found in Indonesia and the Philippines.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
Alternate names for the rufous paradise flycatcher include the cinnamon paradise flycatcher.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
Luzon paradise-flycatcher (T. c. unirufa) - Salomonsen, 1937: Originally described as a separate species. Found in the northern Philippines
T. c. cinnamomea - (Sharpe, 1877): Found in the southern Philippines
Talaud paradise-flycatcher (T. c. talautensis) - (Meyer, AB & Wiglesworth, 1894): Originally described as a separate species. Found on the Talaud Islands (far northern Indonesia)
References
rufous paradise flycatcher
Birds of Mindanao
Endemic birds of the Philippines
rufous paradise flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eternal Conflict (French: Éternel conflit) is a 1948 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin and starring Annabella, Fernand Ledoux and Michel Auclair.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Léon Barsacq.
Synopsis
A disillusioned teacher gives up his job and joins a circus, where he befriends a beautiful acrobat with a complex love life.
Cast
Fernand Ledoux as Le professeur Janvier
Annabella as Florence dite Lili
Michel Auclair as Mario
Louis Salou as Chardeuil
Line Noro as Germaine - femme de Janvier
Mary Morgan as Mme Chardeuil
Jeannette Batti as Janette
Jeanne Lion as Mémé
Colette Ripert as Mlle Chardeuil
Monique Arthur as La bonne
Gaston Modot as Le bonimenteur
Roland Armontel as Robert Ariani
Marcel André as Le proviseur
Guy Favières as L'inspecteur
Marcel Melrac as Un garçon de piste
Paul Delon as Le directeur
Philippe Lemaire as Chardeuil fils
Julien Maffre as Un garçon de piste
Albert Malbert as Le patron du café
References
Bibliography
Jonathan Driskell. The French Screen Goddess: Film Stardom and the Modern Woman in the 1930s France. I.B.Tauris, 2015.
External links
1948 films
1948 drama films
French drama films
1940s French-language films
Films directed by Georges Lampin
French black-and-white films
1940s French films
The Lower Thames Crossing is a proposed road crossing of the Thames estuary close to the Dartford Crossing that links the counties of Kent and Essex, and its proposed approaches. If built it would pass through the districts of Thurrock and Gravesham, supplementing the Dartford route. The approximate route will be assessed by the Planning Inspectorate.
First proposed in the late 2000s, the crossing is designed to relieve the pressure on the existing A282 Dartford Crossing. The proposed route would connect the M25 motorway and A13 north of the river to the M2 motorway south of the river. If built, the crossing would have the longest road tunnel in the UK at . The road number A122 has been identified for the proposed road.
The crossing is estimated to cost between £6.4 billion and £8.2 billion and would take about six years to build following the granting of planning permission. A planning application was submitted in 2020, and withdrawn. In summer 2022, there was a further local consultation with a new application expected before the end of the year.
Background
Described as "a crucial part of the country's strategic road network", the Dartford Crossing is the only fixed road crossing of the River Thames east of Greater London. Although officially designated as the A282, the crossing is considered part of the M25 motorway orbital route around London. Last expanded in 1991 with the opening of the Queen Elizabeth II Bridge, the crossing is the busiest estuarial route in the United Kingdom, with an average daily use of around 160,000 vehicles. The crossing has high levels of congestion, especially at peak times - with high levels of air pollution impacting neighbouring Thurrock and Dartford. A variety of additional crossings downstream of the Dartford Crossing have been proposed.
Currently, there is a ferry service operating between Gravesend and Tilbury, which predominantly carries foot passengers and bicycles, Monday to Saturday.
History
An additional Thames crossing downstream from Dartford was first considered in the Roads for Prosperity white paper in 1989, noting that it would "[relieve the] east side of the M25 between Kent and Essex".
The Lower Thames Crossing was recommended for further investigation in the 2002 ORBIT Multi-Model Study, which examined orbital transport problems around London.
In 2008, Metrotidal Ltd proposed the "Medway-Canvey Island crossing", a £2bn to £4bn combined road and rail tunnel between Medway and Canvey Island that would include a surge-tide barrier and a tidal power plant, which was supported by Kent County Council, Essex County Council, the Thames Gateway South Essex Partnership and the Department for Transport.
Following delays in any proposal being put forward by central government, Essex and Kent County Councils intend to create a joint proposal for the construction of a crossing.
In January 2009, the Department for Transport published its own proposals.
In October 2010, a study commissioned by Kent County Council proposed that the northern end of the crossing should bypass the M25 and continue on to connect to the M11 (and Stansted Airport) directly. This would presumably be an adaptation of Option C.
In October 2012, plans were announced for the London Resort theme park near Swanscombe. Commenting on road and motorway access to the park, Kent County Council highways chief Councillor Brian Sweetland said that he was looking at a significant variation to Option B: "The possibility of a new Thames Crossing at the Swanscombe peninsula must now be taken very seriously".
In April 2017, the Secretary of State for Transport Chris Grayling confirmed Option C as the preferred route for the Lower Thames Crossing.
In November 2017, Highways England announced that its 'current thinking' for the design of the route encompassed a number of changes from that of the original public consultation: the route would now avoid a landfill site near Ockendon; the junction with the A13 would be redesigned and the junctions with the A128 and A226 would be removed. Furthermore, the A2 would be widened from its junction with the new crossing approach road to Junction 1 of the M2.
In March 2018, Tim Jones in his position as LTC Project Director confirmed that the proposed LTC would not resolve all the problems both north and south of the river.
In July 2019, Highways England said they expected to submit a planning application in Summer 2020 and had a target for road opening of 2027. On 26 October 2020, Highways England submitted a Development Consent Order for the project. However, it was withdrawn the following month after the planning inspectorate asked for more information regarding environmental impact and construction plans.
Proposed routes 2009
In January 2009, the Department for Transport proposed three major options to increase capacity east of London over the River Thames to be built downstream of the existing Dartford Crossing and an additional proposal to increase capacity at the Dartford Crossing.
Option A: Building an additional (1 mile) road crossing at the current Dartford Crossing (A282) in addition to the current two tunnels (north) and four-lane bridge (South).
Option A Route 14: Proposed tunnel (approximately 7 miles in length between the end of the M25 in Essex to the beginning of the M25 in Kent – essentially completing the London Orbital Road). Area covering junctions 30, 31, 1 and 2.
Option B: A new road crossing in the Swanscombe Peninsula area, connecting the A2 near Dartford (south) to the A1089 road, north of Tilbury Docks. This option was dropped in 2013 because of the proposed London Resort.
Option C: A new road crossing connecting the M25 in Essex with the M2/A2 in the south, which might be linked via a proposed new Thames flood barrier. The route from the north would start at M25 between Junctions 29 and 30, and pass South Ockendon, Orsett, Chadwell St Mary and East Tilbury before it crossed the Thames just to the east of Thurrock and Gravesend. It would join the M2/A2 at Thong. Option C has several variations, three possible routes to the north of the river, known as Option C Routes 1, 2 and 3 respectively. To the south of the river, the two options are known as the Western and Eastern southern links.
There were three additional route options identified:
Option D1: M2 Link to A130 via Cliffe/Pitsea
Option D2: M2 Link to A130 via Canvey Island
Option E: Isle of Grain Link to East of Southend
Following the first stage of location identification and appraisal, the 2009 study concluded that the three locations
(A, B and C) offered the greatest benefits in terms of relieving congestion at the
existing crossing and should be assessed further. Locations D and E were discounted due to either not meeting the traffic objective to relieve
congestion, or providing very limited relief at the existing Dartford Crossing, as well as poor to low value for money.
2020 proposals
Highways England issued revised proposals in 2020 based on the previous Option C. The proposed route would run from the M25 at North Ockendon to the A2 at Thong, including an intermediate junction with the A13 and A1089 roads. The route would be 14.3 miles (23 km) including 2.6 miles (4.3 km) in twin tunnels with three traffic lanes, and would be an all-purpose trunk road rather than a motorway. Construction is expected to take six years.
In April 2021, Highways England announced that they had split the construction of the road into three sections. Two contractors would build the roads north and south of the tunnel, at a cost of £1.3bn and £600m respectively. Another contractor would build the tunnel, at a cost of £2.3bn. This would allow construction of the project to begin immediately after the Development Consent Order (DCO) process is completed.
The crossing will cost between £6.4bn and £8.28bn, but investment in local roads is also likely to be necessary to deal with the predicted increases in traffic once the crossing opens. The cost of the proposed LTC is currently more expensive per mile than the HS2 project which is currently predicted to cost £307m per mile of track, the LTC at current predicted costing would be nearly £573.5m per mile.
Development Consent Order application (planning permission)
In October 2020, Highways England submitted their application for a Development Consent Order (DCO) for the proposed Lower Thames Crossing. After submission, the Planning Inspectorate requested details missing from the application, as well as more information on construction plans and the environmental impact of the scheme from Highways England. In November 2020, Highways England were advised that the Planning Inspectorate would not accept the application. Following this feedback, Highways England instead chose to withdraw the DCO application and carry out further work for a resubmission in 2021. On 20 March 2021, the 120 day internal deadline was missed. A new Development Consent Order application is expected before the end of 2022.
Route
The proposed route involves a twin-bore tunnel crossing under the River Thames east of Gravesend and Tilbury, linked north of the river by a new road to the M25 between junctions 29 and 30 while south of the river the new road will directly join the A2 at Thong east of Gravesend. It will run west of Shorne, not to the east, as a result of consultations. The tunnel itself would be 4km long and 16m in diameter, which would make it the largest and longest road tunnel in the UK.
There would be three junctions: Orsett on the A13, Thong on the A2 and north-bound slip roads on the M25 at junction 29. Junctions have been removed on the A226 south of Chalk and on the A128 at Chadwell St Mary in Essex.
Environmental impact
The Woodland Trust opposes the project and expects twelve ancient woodlands and fifteen veteran trees to be close to or within the development boundary. Some of these are within the Shorne and Ashenbank Woods, a Site of Special Scientific Interest. However, the Trust states that Highways England have not disclosed how many habitats will be affected by the project, and calls for them to release this information. Highways England says that new trees will be planted to replace the lost ancient woodlands.
Essex Wildlife Trust is also opposed. The Trust acknowledges that a bored tunnel avoids direct impact on the wetlands and coastal habitats of the Thames estuary, but states that habitats will be destroyed at the site of the northern entrance to the tunnel. It states that the project will fragment habitats and the noise and light pollution it causes will reduce the remoteness and tranquility of the area. The Trust is also concerned that the project will increase car dependency and induce demand, and that as a result it will not decrease congestion and will lead to increased carbon dioxide emissions.
Traffic modelling by Highways England predicts that constructing the Lower Thames Crossing would reduce the number of cars using the Dartford Tunnel. However, the total number of cars crossing the Thames (via the Lower Thames Crossing and the Dartford Tunnel) would increase. In addition to this, modelling predicts that the Dartford Tunnel would still be operating above capacity.
Mitigation
Highways England have stated that the road will be the "most environmentally sustainable road project delivered in the UK". Proposed landscaping and mitigation includes planting over 260 hectares of woodland, converting farmland to new habitats and building green bridges across the road.
Carbon dioxide emissions
Highways England initially refused to release emissions figures. However, in response to freedom of information request in December 2020 it was revealed that construction of the Lower Thames Crossing is expected to release two million tonnes of carbon dioxide. A further 3.2 million tonnes would be emitted by traffic created by the road over sixty years of operation.
Perspectives
Supporters of the project include the UK Government, business groups, trade organisations and major transportation hubs such as the Port of Dover. According to the Federation of Small Businesses, 83% of local businesses surveyed support the proposed crossing. Some local authorities support the proposed crossing, despite expressing specific concerns regarding environmental impacts.
Some campaign groups support the principle of a new crossing of the Thames, but not the chosen route. The Thames Crossing Action Group prefers new, longer tunnels at Dartford that would allow long-distance traffic on the M25 to bypass the existing Dartford Crossing.
Two local authorities, Thurrock Borough Council and Gravesham Borough Council oppose the project. Environmental groups such as Greenpeace, Woodland Trust, Kent Wildlife Trust and Campaign to Protect Rural England have expressed their opposition to the project on environmental grounds.
See also
Crossings of the River Thames
Dartford Crossing
Thames Gateway
Thames Estuary
Silvertown Tunnel
List of road projects in the UK
References
Dartford River Crossing debate House of Commons Hansard (7 November 2006)
Kent and Essex tackle traffic together Kent County Council (26 October 2006)
Ministerial statement House of Commons Hansard (19 October 2006)
External links
Highways England - Lower Thames Crossing
Proposed transport infrastructure in South East England
Crossings of the River Thames
Proposed transport infrastructure in the East of England
Transport in Thurrock
Nationally Significant Infrastructure Projects (United Kingdom)
Odette Louise Shotwell, Ph.D. (4 May 1922 – 10 April 1998) was an organic chemist known for her contributions to natural products chemistry of antibiotics and insecticides.
Personal life
Odette Louise Shotwell was born to Robert Leslie Shotwell (born December 15, 1894) and Ruby Mildred (Sammons) Shotwell on May 4, 1922 in Wiley, Colorado, and grew up in Denver. As a child, she had polio; as a result, she had "severe, painful paralysis which makes walking in an erect position impossible."
Education and career
Shotwell graduated with a Bachelor's degree from Montana State College. Both her Master of Science degree and her doctorate degree in organic chemistry (June 19, 1948) were awarded from the University of Illinois. At the University of Illinois, her doctoral advisor was Robert Loeffler Frank.
After completing her Ph.D., Shotwell went to work at the USDA/Agricultural Research Service in Peoria, Illinois. She worked as a research chemist in the Northern Utilization Research and Development Division for twenty five years, working at the USDA for her whole career. She retired from agricultural research in 1990.
Service
Throughout her life, Shotwell fought to improve conditions for disabled people, women and people of color in science. As a chair holder of the education committee of her local NAACP chapter, she led a 40-volunteer initiative to tutor underserved children and the integration of Peoria schools in the 1960s. She also served as president of the Peoria Chapter of League of Women Voters. Other activity in her local community included consulting on education for an inner city program of the Peoria Area Council of Churches and serving as a board member of a center for the arts and sciences.
Research
As a USDA Research Chemist, Shotwell discovered two new antibiotics (duramycin and azacolutin), and assisted with the discovery of two others (hydroxystreptomycin cinnamycin). She developed novel ways to separate antibiotics from fermenting microbes.
By 1974, she was a Supervisory Chemist and Leader of Mycotoxin Analysis and Chemical Research. She led a team developing insecticides, with a focus on the study of Japanese beetle hemolymph, and particularly beetles infected with milky disease. The group of researchers in which she worked at the Northern Laboratories went on to find a biological countermeasure to the beetle's mass infestation.
Shotwell is best known for her contributions to the research of mycotoxins, especially to the study of aflatoxin, a carcinogen produced by mold that grows on rice and corn. Byproducts of corn production fed to cattle can cause cancer, stunted growth, and congenital malformations. In the late 1980s she was appointed the Research Leader of the Mycotoxin Research Unit still within the Agricultural Research Service of the USDA. She instructed the Federal Drug Administration on how to detect contaminated feed grain using ultraviolet light. As a member of the American Society of Oil Chemists she helped decide the standards of purity for the grain storage industry. In 1980 she received the USDA's Distinguished Service Award for "contributing to the protection of human health by developing identification standards and analytical methods essential to excluding mold toxins from cereal foods, milk and animal feed."
Later in the decade, Shotwell led a group investigating Fusarium fungi and their production of trichothecene toxins. Plants produce phytoalexins to defend against these fungi, so Shotwell and her team were designing fungi inhibitors based on these structures.
Throughout her career she held many memberships and positions on boards, including president and fellow of the Association of Official Analytical Chemists (AOAC). She contributed to the American Association of Cereal Chemists, serving as chair of the Committee on Mycotoxins in Cereals and Grains and member of the editorial board.
Patents
1957 - Production of antibiotic mixture having antibacterial and antifungal activity
1959 - Azacolutin extraction from S. cinnamomeus var. azacoluta
1964 - Almarcetin and its production by Streptomyces albus
Awards
Outstanding Woman Alumna of the Year (Montana State College, 1961)
USDA Nomination for Outstanding Handicapped Federal Employee of the Year (USDA Civil Service Commission, 1969), one of the first 10 federal employee finalists. The winner was Katherine A. Niemeyer.
Distinguished Service Award (USDA, 1980)
The Harvey W. Wiley Award (Association of Official Agricultural Chemists (AOAC),1982)
References
External links
University of Illinois 1948 Commencement Program
Scientists with disabilities
American scientists
Agricultural chemists
People with polio
American women chemists
1922 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American women
Applebee's Restaurants LLC. is an American company that develops, franchises, and operates the Applebee's Neighborhood Grill + Bar restaurant chain. The Applebee's concept focuses on casual dining, with mainstream American dishes such as salads, chicken, pasta, burgers, and "riblets" (Applebee's signature dish).
History
1980–2006: Founding and going public
The Applebee's chain was founded by Bill and T. J. Palmer in 1980. Their vision was "to create a restaurant that had a neighborhood pub feel to it and could offer friendly service along with quality fare at a lower price than most of their competition." The name “Appleby” was their first choice for this concept, but they found that it had already been registered. They also considered "Cinnamon's" and "Pepper's" before arriving at Applebee's. They opened their first location in Atlanta, Georgia, at the time named T.J. Applebee's Rx for Edibles & Elixirs. They opened a second location outside of Atlanta, Georgia a few years later, and sold the company to W. R. Grace and Company in 1983. As part of the transaction, Bill Palmer was named president of the Applebee's Division, an indirect subsidiary of W. R. Grace and Company. In that capacity, Palmer guided the operation from its entrepreneurial beginnings to a full-fledged franchise system. He became an Applebee's franchisee in 1985. Bill Palmer died in 2020.
In 1986, the name of the concept was changed to Applebee's Neighborhood Grill & Bar. In 1988, Applebee's International, Inc., became the restaurant chain's franchiser when Kansas City franchisees Abe Gustin and John Hamra purchased the rights to the Applebee's concept from W. R. Grace. In 1989, Applebee's opened their 100th restaurant in Nashville, Tennessee.
In the 1990s Applebee's became one of the largest sit-down restaurant chains in the United States, and it began trading publicly in November 1991. In 1998, Applebee's opened its 1000th restaurant.
2007–present: Acquisition by IHOP
On July 16, 2007, IHOP Corp. announced that it agreed to buy Applebee's International for about $2.1 billion. Applebee's shareholders would receive $25.50 in cash per share, representing a 4.6% premium to the closing price on July 13, 2007.
The acquisition was completed on November 29, 2007, after which IHOP Corp. was renamed DineEquity. The combined company became the largest full-service restaurant company in the world, with more than 3,250 locations. A major goal for the new ownership was to revitalize the chain, as well as shift towards a franchise model for the majority of its locations.
In 2013, the chain faced an uproar on the Internet after firing a waitress who posted a picture of a customer's receipt that had a rude note written on it objecting to a required gratuity, and then poorly handling their response to the incident.
On August 11, 2017, DineEquity announced that Applebee's would close between 105 and 135 locations by the end of the year. Same-store sales decreased 7% in the previous quarter.
In-late 2017, Applebee's began to place an increased focus on promotions involving low-cost cocktails, including a $1 margarita promotion dubbed the "Dollarita" in October, and $1 Long Island iced tea (promoted as "L.I.T.s") in December. The drinks would serve as a loss leader, with customers subsequently upsold towards higher-priced food products. Despite hesitation by some franchisees to participate, the promotions were associated with a major increase in traffic at some locations, and prompted the chain to offer similar promotions later on. Dine Brands' new CEO Steve Joyce credited the promotions with having helped influence a major financial turnaround at the company, noting that almost all customers who ordered one also ordered food, and that some customers also moved towards the other cocktails on its menu.
As of December 31, 2019, there were 1,787 restaurants operating system-wide in the United States and 15 other countries, including 69 that are company owned and 1,718 that are franchised. United States locations have steadily declined in recent years and as of December 31, 2021, there were 1,578 locations.
Advertising
As part of the company's marketing campaign and slogan, Wanda Sykes was hired in 2007 to voice the chain's new mascot, the Applebee's Apple. The character appears in commercials touting Applebee's various specials and stating the new slogan "Together is good" or saying "Get it together, baby!" as the slogan appears at the bottom right of the screen. A new campaign started on February 25, 2008, without Sykes' character (the spokesapple), with the slogan "It's a whole new neighborhood." The commercials used both the original and new logos. In 2009 Applebee's changed its slogan again to "There's no place like the neighborhood."
From 2012 to 2016 Applebee's aired an advertising campaign focusing on fresh ingredients and new dishes, narrated by Jason Sudeikis, featuring the slogan "See you tomorrow."
In 2012, Applebee's partnered with the country group Zac Brown Band on a Veteran's Day-themed "Thank You Movement" campaign to honor members of the U.S. military. The band's song "Chicken Fried" has also been featured in a Applebee's commercial; in February 2022, Applebee's pulled its advertising from CNN after an incident where an inappropriately timed split-screen commercial break featured live footage of the 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine shown alongside the ad.
In late September 2017 Applebee's brought back its most famous slogan from the early-to-mid 2000s, "Eatin' Good in the Neighborhood." In 2019, Applebee's advertising fees accounted for 165.5 million U.S. dollars.
In 2021, after having removed it due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Applebee's restored its Oreo Cookie Shake to its menu. The chain and beverage had been mentioned in Walker Hayes' song "Fancy Like", which was subsequently featured in a new Applebee's commercial as well.
Controversies
Side-work compensation
Since 2006, Applebee's and its servers have been engaged in a lawsuit over hourly wages. The servers, who received a federal minimum wage of $2.13 per hour as tipped employees, allege that the company requires them to spend 20% of their time doing non-serving labor, for which they should be paid the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. The case has gone through several stages, including a judicially mandated binding arbitration session.
In September 2012, a judge in Illinois ruled in favor of the Applebee's employees and will evaluate damages at a later date.
References
External links
1980 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Companies based in Glendale, California
Multinational restaurant chains
Restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 1980
1991 initial public offerings
2007 mergers and acquisitions
Restaurant franchises
The 1875 Wesleyan Methodists football team represented Wesleyan University during the 1875 college football season. The team lost its only game to Yale. They lost 6–0 in a 20-per-side game.
References
Wesleyan
Wesleyan Cardinals football seasons
College football winless seasons
Wesleyan Methodists football
Milford Mill station is a Metro SubwayLink station in Lochearn, Maryland. It is the twelfth station on the line going outbound and the third going inbound, and has approximately 1300 parking spaces.
Station layout
Artwork
The Maryland Transit Administration commissioned artist Norman Kenneth Carlberg to create artwork for Milford Mill station. His abstract sculpture "Uno Y Dos," constructed from painted stainless steel, can be seen outside the station.
References
External links
Metro SubwayLink stations located above ground
Baltimore County, Maryland landmarks
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1987
Lochearn, Maryland
1987 establishments in Maryland
Railway stations in Baltimore County, Maryland
The Raoul Wallenberg Institute of Human Rights and Humanitarian Law (RWI) is an experienced research and academic institution with offices, programmes, and convening power covering 40 countries. RWI's mission is to combine evidence-based human rights research with direct engagement with international organizations, governments, national human rights institutions, the justice sector, local and regional authorities, universities, and the business sector to bring about human rights change for all. This is done by having a network-based organization that works through strong partnerships with multiple actors and through that bring about a wider understanding of, and respect for, human rights and international humanitarian law.
This independent academic institution affiliated with Lund University was established in 1984 and was named after Raoul Wallenberg, the Swedish diplomat who saved tens of thousands of Jews and other people at risk in Hungary at the end of World War II.
RWI is present in Europe (Lund, Stockholm, Belarus and Turkey), Asia (Jakarta, Beijing, and Cambodia), Sub-Saharan Africa (Nairobi) and in the Middle East and North Africa (Amman) and operates in many countries across these regions.
Four Areas of Focus
Its work focuses four main thematic areas: 'People on the Move', 'Inclusive Societies', 'Fair and Efficient Justice' and 'Economic Globalisation and Human Rights':
People on the Move
This first thematic include researches on Migration and Refugee Law but also on the Displacement of Persons due to Climate Change.
Inclusive Societies
This focus area refers to many different topics such as Human Rights Cities, Poverty issues or The rights for Persons with Disabilities and Eldery People. The idea is to study these topics and reflect on how to make our societies more inclusive and respectful of everyone's rights.
Fair and Efficient Justice
The objective of the Institute with this thematic area is to work with local partners around the world to promote and develop justice systems accessible to all and respectful of everyone's rights.
Economic Globalisation and Human Rights
The 'Economic Globalisation and Human Rights' thematic area focuses on the realisation of a sustainable and fair economic globalisation as well as the inclusion of Human Rights considerations in the process.
Three different approaches
To achieve the Institute's objectives uses three main approaches: Direct Engagement on the field, Research and Human Rights Education.
Direct Engagement
Programme Officers conduct their work on the field in close collaboration with local partners including individuals, institutions and companies. They work in Europe and in Asia but also in the Middle East and in Africa. Programmes on the five continents are contributing with their expertise to implementation and protection of Human Rights standards. The Institute has sometimes also taken the initiative to establish networks between cooperation partners, such as the Southeast Asian Human Rights Studies Network (SEAHRN). There has also been cooperation with the Network of African National Human Rights Institutions (NANHRI) and the Asia Pacific Forum on National Human Rights Institutions (APF).
Research
Researchers from many different countries work at RWI to develop a better understanding of Human Rights related topics. Each year a certain number of researches related to topical issues are published. Researchers then often share their findings during conferences and webinars. In 2021 for instance, RWI organised a Webinar Series on the Forthcoming EU's Directive on Mandatory Human Rights Due Diligence. Another focused on Poverty and Human Rights and How to Address the Post-Pandemic Poverty Crisis.
Human Rights Education
Part of the Institute's activities are also dedicated to the transmission of knowledge on Human Rights.
In Lund, Sweden, The Raoul Wallenberg Institute hosts the largest Library exclusively dedicated to Human Rights in the Nordic countries. Students can come, read and borrow the books. RWI is also offered a Master's Degree specialised in Human Rights in collaboration with the University of Lund.
RWI is also organising an annual Swedish Human Rights Film Festival offering the screening of a movie followed by a panel discussion with international experts.
The Institute is now working with the Pufendorf Institute. RWI has also developed various Blended Learning Courses in Asia.
See also
Decoding China's Diplomacy Discourse: A Conversation with Malin Oud
Malin Oud on the relationship between China, the US and Europe
Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies
Raoul Wallenberg
Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency
External links
Raoul Wallenberg Institute of human Rights and Humanitarian Law
RWI presented by the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime
Human rights organizations based in Sweden
Lund
Edgar Lawrence Doctorow (January 6, 1931 – July 21, 2015) was an American novelist, editor, and professor, best known for his works of historical fiction.
He wrote twelve novels, three volumes of short fiction and a stage drama. They included the award-winning novels Ragtime (1975), Billy Bathgate (1989), and The March (2005). These, like many of his other works, placed fictional characters in recognizable historical contexts, with known historical figures, and often used different narrative styles. His stories were recognized for their originality and versatility, and Doctorow was praised for his audacity and imagination.
A number of Doctorow's novels and short stories were also adapted for the screen, including Welcome to Hard Times (1967) starring Henry Fonda, Daniel (1983) starring Timothy Hutton, Billy Bathgate (1991) starring Dustin Hoffman, and Wakefield (2016) starring Bryan Cranston. His most notable adaptations were for the film Ragtime (1981) and the Broadway musical of the same name (1998), which won four Tony Awards.
Doctorow was the recipient of numerous writing awards, including the National Book Critics Circle Award for Ragtime, National Book Critics Circle Award for Billy Bathgate, National Book Critics Circle Award for The March, and the American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal for Fiction. Former President Barack Obama called him "one of America's greatest novelists".
Early life
Doctorow was born January 6, 1931, in the Bronx, the son of Rose (Levine) and David Richard Doctorow, second-generation Americans of Russian Jewish extraction who named him after Edgar Allan Poe. His father ran a small music shop. He attended city public grade schools and the Bronx High School of Science where, surrounded by mathematically gifted children, he fled to the office of the school literary magazine, Dynamo, which published his first literary effort. He then enrolled in a journalism class to increase his opportunities to write.
Doctorow attended Kenyon College in Ohio, where he studied with John Crowe Ransom, acted in college theater productions and majored in philosophy. While at Kenyon College, Doctorow joined the Middle Kenyon Association, and befriended Richard H. Collin. After graduating with honors in 1952, he completed a year of graduate work in English drama at Columbia University before being drafted into the United States Army. In 1954 and 1955, he served as a corporal in the signal corps in West Germany.
Back in New York after military service, Doctorow worked as a reader for a motion picture company; reading so many Westerns inspired his first novel, Welcome to Hard Times. Begun as a parody of western fiction, it evolved into a reclamation of the genre. It was published to positive reviews in 1960, with Wirt Williams of The New York Times describing it as "taut and dramatic, exciting and successfully symbolic."
When asked how he decided to become a writer, he said, "I was a child who read everything I could get my hands on. Eventually, I asked of a story not only what was to happen next, but how is this done? How am I made to live from words on a page? And so I became a writer."
Career
To support his family, Doctorow spent nine years as a book editor, first at New American Library working with Ian Fleming and Ayn Rand among others; and from 1964, as editor-in-chief at Dial Press, publishing work by James Baldwin, Norman Mailer, Ernest J. Gaines, and William Kennedy, among others.
In 1969, Doctorow left publishing to pursue a writing career. He accepted a position as Visiting Writer at the University of California, Irvine, where he completed The Book of Daniel (1971), a freely fictionalized consideration of the trial and execution of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg for giving nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union during the Cold War. It was widely acclaimed, called a "masterpiece" by The Guardian, and said by The New York Times to launch the author into "the first rank of American writers" according to Christopher Lehmann-Haupt.
Doctorow's next book, written in his home in New Rochelle, New York, was Ragtime (1975), later named one of the 100 best novels of the 20th century by the Modern Library editorial board. His subsequent work includes the award-winning novels World's Fair (1985), Billy Bathgate (1989), and The March (2005), as well as several volumes of essays and short fiction.
Novelist Jay Parini is impressed by Doctorow's skill at writing fictionalized history in a unique style, "a kind of detached but arresting presentation of history that mingled real characters with fictional ones in ways that became his signature manner". In Ragtime, for example, he arranges the story to include Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung sharing a ride at Coney Island, or a setting with Henry Ford and J. P. Morgan.
Despite the immense research Doctorow needed to create stories based on real events and real characters, reviewer John Brooks notes that they were nevertheless "alive enough never to smell the research in old newspaper files that they must have required". Doctorow demonstrated in most of his novels "that the past is very much alive, but that it's not easily accessed," writes Parini. "We tell and retell stories, and these stories illuminate our daily lives. He showed us again and again that our past is our present, and that those not willing to grapple with 'what happened' will be condemned to repeat its worst errors."
Personal life and death
In 1954, Doctorow married fellow Columbia University student Helen Esther Setzer while serving in the U.S. Army in West Germany. The couple had three children.
Doctorow also taught at Sarah Lawrence College, the Yale School of Drama, the University of Utah, the University of California, Irvine, and Princeton University. He was the Loretta and Lewis Glucksman Professor of English and American Letters at New York University. In 2001, he donated his papers to the Fales Library of New York University. In the opinion of the library's director, Marvin Taylor, Doctorow was "one of the most important American novelists of the 20th century".
Doctorow died of lung cancer on July 21, 2015, aged 84, in Manhattan. He is interred in Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx.
Awards and honors
1975: National Book Critics Circle Award for Ragtime
1986: National Book Award for World's Fair
1988: Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement
1989: Edith Wharton Citation of Merit for Fiction
1989 MacDowell Colony Fellowship
1990: National Book Critics Circle Award for Billy Bathgate
1990: PEN/Faulkner Award for Billy Bathgate
1990: William Dean Howells Medal for Billy Bathgate
1998: National Humanities Medal from the National Endowment for the Humanities
1998: Peggy V. Helmerich Distinguished Author Award from the Tulsa Library Trust
1999 awarded the F. Scott Fitzgerald Award for Achievement in American Literature award, which is given annually to recognize outstanding achievement in American literature. As part of the F. Scott Fitzgerald Literary Festival, the day-long festival takes place in Rockville, Maryland, the city where Fitzgerald, his wife, and his daughter are buried.
2002: First recipient of the Kenyon Review Award for Literary Achievement
2005: National Book Critics Circle Award for The March
2006: PEN/Faulkner Award for The March
2007: Membership to the American Philosophical Society
2008: St. Louis Literary Award from the Saint Louis University Library Associates
2012: Inducted into the New York State Writers Hall of Fame
2012: PEN/Saul Bellow Award for Achievement in American Fiction
2013: Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters from the National Book Foundation
2013: American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal for Fiction
2014: Library of Congress Prize for American Fiction
Works
Novels
1960: Welcome to Hard Times – adapted as the 1967 film Welcome to Hard Times
1966: Big As Life
1971: The Book of Daniel – historical fiction about Julius and Ethel Rosenberg – adapted as the 1983 film Daniel
1975: Ragtime – adapted as the 1981 film Ragtime and the 1998 Broadway musical Ragtime
1980: Loon Lake
1985: World's Fair
1989: Billy Bathgate – adapted as the 1991 film Billy Bathgate
1994: The Waterworks
2000: City of God
2005: The March
2009: Homer & Langley
2014: Andrew's Brain
Short story collections
1984: Lives of the Poets: Six Stories and a Novella
2004: Sweet Land Stories – The New York Times Notable Book
2011: All the Time in the World: New And Selected Stories
2015 "Cuentos Completos" (Complete Short Stories) Malpaso Editorial-Only in Spanish. Preface by Eduardo Lago.
Plays
1978: Drinks Before Dinner
Other
1982: American Anthem (photographic essay)
1993: Jack London, Hemingway and the Constitution (essay collection, published in the UK as Poets and Presidents)
2003: Reporting the Universe, Harvard University Press
2004: How Then Can He Mourn?, essay criticizing George W. Bush for his pre-emptive war on Iraq.
2006: Creationists (essay collection)
2008: "Wakefield" (short story), The New Yorker, January 14, 2008
2012: "Unexceptionalism: A Primer" (op-ed), The New York Times, April 28, 2012
References
Further reading
External links
Book reviews
KCRW Bookworm Interviews, audio, with Michael Silverblatt:Oct 1994, Jul 1997, May 2000, Jul 2004, Aug 2009
1931 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American writers of Russian descent
Deaths from lung cancer in New York (state)
Columbia University alumni
Jewish American novelists
Kenyon College alumni
MacDowell Colony fellows
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
National Book Award winners
National Humanities Medal recipients
PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction winners
Writers from New Rochelle, New York
Sarah Lawrence College faculty
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
United States Army non-commissioned officers
Writers from the Bronx
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
21st-century American Jews
Emily J. Parker is a New Zealand bio-organic chemist and academic. She is Professor of Chemical Biology at Victoria University of Wellington.
Academic career
Parker has a BSc from the University of Canterbury. She completed her PhD at the University of Cambridge in 1996 and stayed on there as a research fellow. Parker then returned to New Zealand to take up a position at Massey University. In 2006 she transferred to the University of Canterbury and remained there until June 2017 when she was appointed as full professor at the Ferrier Research Institute within the Victoria University of Wellington.
Honours and recognition
Parker received the NZ Institute of Chemistry's Easterfield Award in 2005 and the New Zealand Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Award for Research Excellence in 2008. In 2010 she received the Award for Sustained Excellence in Tertiary Teaching from Ako Aotearoa.
In 2018 Parker was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand.
Selected works
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand women academics
New Zealand chemists
University of Canterbury alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Massey University faculty
University of Canterbury faculty
Victoria University of Wellington faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
Kroger Wireless LLC is an American mobile virtual network operator providing domestic telecommunications services via the T-Mobile Network. The brand was launched as i-wireless, a Kroger Co. It was trialed in 130 Kroger stores in 2006, before being rolled out by mid-2008 to over 2,200 locations, including banner stores such as Dillons, Ralphs, Fred Meyer, and Fry's Food and Drug. Unique among US wireless operators, i-wireless created a loyalty offer allowing customers the ability to earn Wireless Rewards on select plans when using their shopper's loyalty card on in-store qualifying purchases. In May 2019, the company announced the name of its prepaid product brand changing from "i-wireless, a Kroger Co." to "Kroger Wireless."
Kroger Wireless
Kroger Wireless is the private-label wireless service sold exclusively within the Kroger Family of Companies stores. Kroger Wireless acts like other US prepaid carriers–requiring no contracts, activation fees, or credit checks to purchase their phones. The company offers “Unlimited” rate plans including unlimited talk/text and data allotments up to and including unlimited data.
Kroger Wireless invites customers to purchase phones at select Kroger store locations, via their website, or by bringing their eligible Sprint device for activation. In addition, it hosts the Kroger Wireless My Account app for Android or iOS mobile customers.
Access Wireless
i-wireless dba Access Wireless is a service provider for the government-funded Lifeline Assistance program. The Lifeline Assistance program was designed to ensure that quality telecommunications services are available to low-income customers at reasonable and affordable rates. Customers who qualify for the program receive a free allotment of voice, text and data, and may receive a free mobile phone- dependent on individual state regulations.
References
External links
Access Wireless
Kroger
2005 establishments in Kentucky
Companies based in Kentucky
Telecommunication companies established in 2005
Mobile phone companies of the United States
Mobile virtual network operators
Newport, Kentucky
Osojnik () is a settlement north of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
Osojnik was attested in written sources in 1477 as Ossoynigk and Ossenigkh (and in 1674 as Ossoinigkh). The name is derived from the Slovene common noun osoje 'shady side' via the derived adjective osojen 'shady', referring to its geographical location.
History
During the feudal era, Osojnik belonged to the Dominion of Gradac, although the vineyards were controlled by the Dominion of Krupa. The freeholder Janez Konda served as a judicial officer in Osojnik from 1727 to 1738. On 4 July 1943, Italian troops burned nearly the entire village while withdrawing before a Partisan attack at Hom Hill.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Osojnik include:
Martin Konda (1872–1922), American editor and publisher
References
External links
Osojnik at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Andreas Seppi was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Hubert Hurkacz won the title after defeating Ilya Ivashka 6–4, 4–6, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
2019 ATP Challenger Tour
Ebru Kavaklıoğlu (born Yelena Kopytova on 14 March 1970 in the Russian SFSR) is a retired long-distance runner who specialized mainly in the 5000 metres.
She initially represented Russia, but became a Turkish citizen by marriage in 1999, changing her name at the same time. She was member of the Fenerbahçe Athletics Club.
Achievements
Personal bests
1500 metres - 4:08.45 min (1999)
5000 metres - 14:51.69 min (1999)
External links
1970 births
Living people
Russian female long-distance runners
Fenerbahçe athletes
Naturalized citizens of Turkey
Turkish people of Russian descent
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Unified Team
Olympic athletes of Turkey
Turkish female long-distance runners
Russian emigrants to Turkey
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
The 1967 Saskatchewan general election was held on October 11, 1967, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Liberal Party of Saskatchewan, led by Premier Ross Thatcher, was re-elected with a slightly larger majority in the legislature and a larger share of the popular vote.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation had changed its name to the New Democratic Party to match the change that had already been made at the federal level. Still led by former Premier Woodrow Lloyd, the NDP also won an increased share of the popular vote but lost one of the seats that the CCF had won in the previous election.
The Liberal and NDP gains in the popular vote came at the expense of the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan of Martin Pederson, which lost about half of its votes. Pederson finished third in the constituency he had won three years earlier, and no other PC members were elected. However, a PC candidate finished second in Athabasca.
It was the first election in which the cities of Regina, Saskatoon and Moose Jaw were divided into two or more ridings instead of having a single city-wide multiple-member district for each city. Previously those cities had elected their MLAs through Plurality block voting, but starting in this election, the city MLAs began to be elected through First past the post.
It was the last election, as of 2020, in which the leaders of both the government and the opposition in Saskatchewan represented rural constituencies. It was also the last election contested by the Social Credit Party, which nominated six candidates. To date this is the last election in which the Saskatchewan Liberal Party won a majority of seats.
Results
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
!rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center|Party
!rowspan=2 align=center|Party leader
!rowspan=2|Candidates
!colspan=4 align=center|Seats
!colspan=3 align=center|Popular vote
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
|align="center"|1964
|align="center"|Elected
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|#
|align="center"|%
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|Ross Thatcher
|align="right"| 59
|align="right"|32
|align="right"| 35
|align="right"|+9.4%
|align="right"|193,871
|align="right"|45.57%
|align="right"|+5.17%
|align="center"|Woodrow Lloyd
|align="right"| 59
|align="right"|25
|align="right"| 24
|align="right"|-4.0%
|align="right"|188,653
|align="right"|44.35%
|align="right"|+4.05%
|align="center"|Martin Pederson
|align="right"| 41
|align="right"|1
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|-100%
|align="right"|41,583
|align="right"|9.78%
|align="right"|-9.12%
|align="center"|
|align="right"| 6
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|1,296
|align="right"|0.30%
|align="right"|-0.09%
|-
|colspan=3| Total
|align="right"| 165
|align="right"|58
|align="right"|59
|align="right"|+1.7%
|align="right"|425,403
|align="right"|100%
|align="right"|
|-
| align="center" colspan=11|Source: Elections Saskatchewan
|-
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " indicates MLAs who are not running again.
Northwestern Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Athabasca
||
|Allan Ray Guy1,397
|
|Tony Wood602
|
|Harry J. Houghton818
|
|
||
|Allan Ray Guy
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cut Knife-Lloydminster
|
|Ben Gulak2,121
||
|Miro Kwasnica2,862
|
|Gordon Goodfellow1,289
|
|Walter B. Hoover (Social Credit) 164
||
|Isidore Charles Nollet**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Meadow Lake
||
|Henry Coupland2,394
|
|Martin Semchuk2,288
|
|Leo Jeannotte921
|
|
||
|Henry Ethelbert Coupland
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Redberry
|
|Steve Sulatisky2,343
||
|Dick Michayluk2,365
|
|Ed Thunderchild510
|
|
||
|Demitro Wasyl Michayluk
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosthern
||
|David Boldt2,950
|
|George Guenther1,466
|
|
|
|
||
|David Boldt
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shellbrook
|
|Pat Moan2,204
||
|George Bowerman2,515
|
|Norval Horner910
|
|
||
|John Marcel Cuelenaere**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|The Battlefords
|
|Herbert O.M. Sparrow3,700
||
|Eiling Kramer4,200
|
|
|
|
||
|Eiling Kramer
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Turtleford
|
|John Flack2,125
||
|Bob Wooff2,152
|
|Hugh E. Konsmo813
|
|
||
|Robert Hanson Wooff
Northeastern Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Humboldt
||
|Mathieu Breker3,693
|
|Palma Little2,881
|
|Frank J. Martin720
|
|
||
|Mathieu Theodore Breker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelsey
|
|William John McHugh2,381
||
|John R. Messer2,473
|
|Carsten Johnson606
|
|
||
|John Hewgill Brockelbank**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelvington
||
|Bryan Bjarnason2,440
|
|Neil Byers2,432
|
|Anita M. Kubat659
|
|
||
|Bryan Bjarnason
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kinistino
|
|Lyle Rea2,724
||
|Arthur Thibault3,260
|
|
|
|
||
|Arthur Thibault
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melfort-Tisdale
|
|Donald Lamb3,650
||
|Clarence George Willis4,133
|
|
|
|Orville Pederson (Social Credit) 331
||
|Clarence George Willis
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Nipawin
||
|Frank Radloff2,454
|
|Walter A. Mills2,446
|
|John A. Whittome1,185
|
|
||
|Frank Kenneth Radloff
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert East-Cumberland
|
|Eldon McLachlan3,152
||
|Bill Berezowsky4,123
|
|
|
|
||
|Bill Berezowsky
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert West
||
|Davey Steuart5,090
|
|Orville K. Hjertaas4,928
|
|
|
|
||
|David Gordon Steuart
|-
|style="width: 130px"|NDP
|Neil Byers
|align="right"|3,135
|align="right"|49.90%
|align="right"|+5.93
|Liberal
|Bryan Bjarnason
|align="right"|2,603
|align="right"|41.43%
|align="right"|-2.69
|Prog. Conservative
|Anita M. Kubat
|align="right"|545
|align="right"|8.67%
|align="right"|-3.24
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,283
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
West Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Arm River
||
|Wilbert McIvor1,929
|
|Merle Snustead1,895
|
|Martin Pederson1,214
|
|
||
|Martin Pederson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Biggar
|
|Elmer McNiven1,571
||
|Woodrow S. Lloyd2,916
|
|Peter Wiebe1,334
|
|
||
|Woodrow Lloyd
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Elrose
||
|George Leith3,081
|
|David Loewen2,957
|
|
|
|
||
|George Gordon Leith
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Hanley
||
|Robert Andrew Heggie2,282
|
|Robert Alexander Walker2,149
|
|
|
|
||
|Robert Alexander Walker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kerrobert-Kindersley
||
|William S. Howes3,499
|
|Boyd Sadler2,672
|
|
|
|
||
|William S. Howes
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosetown
||
|George Loken2,951
|
|Harry David Link2,446
|
|Earl Keeler862
|
|
||
|George Fredrick Loken
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Watrous
||
|Percy Schmeiser2,622
|
|Hans Broten2,557
|
|Hugh Kirk533
|
|
||
|Hans Broten
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wilkie
||
|Joseph "Cliff" McIsaac3,817
|
|Norman Heather2,436
|
|
|
|
||
|Joseph "Cliff" McIsaac
East Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Canora
|
|Ken Romuld3,170
||
|Al Matsalla3,386
|
|
|
|
||
|Kenneth Gordon Romuld
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Last Mountain
||
|Donald MacLennan2,425
|
|Gordon MacMurchy2,399
|
|George Richardson995
|
|
||
|Donald Gilbert MacLennan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melville
|
|James W. Gardiner3,463
||
|John Kowalchuk3,584
|
|Art Pelzer799
|
|
||
|James Wilfrid Gardiner
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Pelly
||
|Jim Barrie3,002
|
|Leo Larson2,753
|
|
|
|
||
|Leo Larson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saltcoats
||
|James Snedker3,639
|
|Charles Woolfitt2,392
|
|Cliff Obre904
|
|
||
|James Snedker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Touchwood
|
|George Trapp2,713
||
|Frank Meakes3,002
|
|
|
|
||
|George Joseph Trapp
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wadena
|
|George Fisher3,146
||
|Fred Dewhurst4,213
|
|
|
|
||
|Frederick Arthur Dewhurst
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Yorkton
||
|Barry Gallagher5,048
|
|Irving W. Carlson4,393
|
|
|
|
||
|Bernard David Gallagher
Southwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Gravelbourg
||
|Leo Coderre2,385
|
|Norman Allan1,860
|
|Keith Mukelt567
|
|
||
|Lionel Philas Coderre
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Maple Creek
||
|Alexander Cameron2,683
|
|Ernie Howes1,901
|
|Marlyn K. Clary955
|
|
||
|Alexander C. Cameron
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw North
|
|Vic Cole2,725
||
|Gordon Snyder2,860
|
|Daniel J. Patterson1,126
|
|
||
|Gordon Snyder
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw South
|
|Harry P. Swarbrick2,415
||
|Bill Davies4,674
|
|Nick Markewich1,356
|
|
||
|William Gwynne Davies
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Morse
||
|Ross Thatcher3,396
|
|Louis H. Lewry2,398
|
|Earl Cooper694
|
|
||
|Ross Thatcher
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Notukeu-Willow Bunch
||
|Jim Hooker2,772
|
|Allan Engel2,216
|
|
|
|
||
|James Benjamin Hooker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shaunavon
||
|Fernand Larochelle3,091
|
|Robert B. Fulton2,684
|
|
|
|
||
|Fernand Larochelle
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Swift Current
|
|T. Lawrence Salloum3,366
||
|Everett Irvine Wood4,825
|
|Donald C. McGowan1,439
|
|
||
|Everett Irvine Wood
Southeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Bengough
||
|Alex Mitchell2,408
|
|Dale Leifso2,194
|
|Jim Hall723
|
|
||
|Alexander Mitchell
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cannington
||
|Tom Weatherald3,436
|
|Stanley G. Barnard2,377
|
|Glenn Brimner1,436
|
|
||
|Thomas Milton Weatherald
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Lumsden
||
|Darrel Heald2,812
|
|Cliff Thurston2,114
|
|Donald K. MacPherson917
|
|
||
|Darrel Verner Heald
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Milestone
||
|Cyril MacDonald2,491
|
|Fred P. Petruic1,920
|
|J.K. Glenn610
|
|
||
|Cyril Pius MacDonald
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moosomin
||
|Frank Gardner3,297
|
|William Francis Goodwin2,435
|
|Andrew Emerson Bruce1,956
|
|
||
|E. Franklin Gardner
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Qu'Appelle-Wolseley
||
|Doug McFarlane2,990
|
|John Stephen Leier1,842
|
|Victor Edward Horsman1,401
|
|Lloyd Avram (Social Credit) 323
||
|Douglas Thomas McFarlane
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Souris-Estevan
||
|Ian MacDougall5,197
|
|Russell Brown4,335
|
|
|
|
||
|Ian Hugh MacDougall
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Weyburn
|
|Junior Staveley4,693
||
|Jim Pepper4,876
|
|Jean Benson865
|
|
||
|James Auburn Pepper
Saskatoon
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon City Park-University
||
|Jeff Charlebois6,096
|
|Alex M. Nicholson5,410
|
|Mel Mills1,356
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Mayfair
|
|Alex W. Prociuk3,576
||
|John Edward Brockelbank5,739
|
|Hugh Rainey1,432
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Nutana Centre
||
|Clarence Estey6,184
|
|Wes Robbins4,902
|
|George Bateman1,170
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Nutana South
||
|Bill Forsyth5,193
|
|Adele Smillie3,445
|
|Peter Ritchie1,267
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Riversdale
|
|Margaret Gent2,327
||
|Roy Romanow4,888
|
|Emanuel Sonnenschein1,160
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
Regina
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Centre
|
|Pat McKerral2,442
||
|Allan Blakeney4,363
|
|Les Youngson698
|
|Nelson Falkowsky (Social Credit) 142
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina North East
|
|Frank Gerein3,344
||
|Walt Smishek5,892
|
|Albert E. Wilson1,224
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina North West
|
|Frank Kleefeld3,728
||
|Ed Whelan5,364
|
|George J. Tkach1,011
|
|H. Ken Cooper (Social Credit) 147
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina South
||
|Gordon Grant6,297
|
|Jack W. Kehoe2,575
|
|Lillian Groeller487
|
|
||
|Gordon Burton Grant
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina South East
|
|Paul Dojack5,461
||
|Henry Baker5,893
|
|Bill Barry896
|
|
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina South West
||
|Don McPherson5,890
|
|Murray Koskie4,076
|
|Dennis Braun1,084
|
|Henry Austin Hunt (Social Credit) 189
| colspan=2 style="background:whitesmoke; text-align:center;"|New District
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Further reading
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan: Provincial Vote Summaries
Saskatchewan
1967 in Saskatchewan
1967
October 1967 events in Canada
The 2016 Tour de Hongrie was a six-day cycling stage race that took place in Hungary in June–July 2016. The race is the 37th edition of the Tour de Hongrie. It was rated as a 2.2 event as part of the 2016 UCI Europe Tour. The race included 5 stages plus the prologue, starting in Szombathely on 28 June and returning there for the finish on 3 July in Budapest.
The winner of overall classification was Mihkel Räim. The selection was made on Stage 1 to Keszthely.
Schedule
Participating teams
16 teams were invited to the 2016 Tour de Hongrie: 7 UCI Continental, 4 Regional and 5 Hungarian teams.
Stages
Prologue
28 June 2016 — Szombathely, , individual time trial (ITT)
Stage 1
29 June 2016 — Fertőd (Eszterházy Palace) to Keszthely (Festetics Palace),
Stage 2
30 June 2016 — Keszthely to Siófok,
Stage 3
1 July 2016 — Cegléd to Karcag,
Stage 4
2 July 2016 — Karcag to Kékestető,
Stage 5
3 July 2016 — Gyöngyös to Budapest (Buda Castle),
Classification leadership
Final standings
General classification
Points classification
Mountains classification
Young riders classification
Team classification
Sponsorship
Radio broadcasting organization, Rádió Rock 95.8FM, has sponsored the sárga trikó (General classification Winner).
Hungarian Cycling Federation, Bringasport, has sponsored the zöld trikó (Point classification Winner).
Active tourist portal, , has sponsored the piros trikó (Mountain classification Winner).
The leader Hungarian bank, OTP Bank, has sponsored the fehér trikó (Young rider classification Winner).
Ministry of Human Resources
szelektalok.hu
Bringaland
Opel – official car of the Race
Szerencsejáték Zrt.
belotto – official jersey manufacturer
Europcar
Soudal
Kunság-Szesz Zrt.
Tissot – official timekeeper
See also
2016 in men's road cycling
2016 in sports
References
External links
Official website
2016
Tour de Hongrie
Tour de Hongrie
Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Cellaigh, 40th King of Uí Maine and 7th Chief of the Name, died 1180.
Origins
Conchobar Maenmaige is agreed in all sources to have been king for forty years, so it appears he succeeded Tadhg Ua Cellaigh sometime after his abduction by an army from Munster in 1145. His succession meant the end of Síol Anmchadha's brief independence and overlordship of Uí Maine, and its dynasty would henceforth be confined to their own homeland.
Conchobar is stated in all the genealogies as being the son of Diarmaid, whose immediate descent is uncertain but is given as the son or grandson of Tadhg Mór Ua Cellaigh, who was killed at the Battle of Clontarf in 1014. However, it may actually mean that he was the son or grandson of the Tadhg who was abducted in 1145.
Eccleiastical work
John O'Donovan says of him that "he built O'Kelly's Church at Clonmacnoise, in the year 1167 … and is stated in some of the pedigrees to have built twelve churches in the territory of Moenmoy Máenmaige." His epithet probably refers to his being fostered, or at least raised, in the area, which is centered on Loughrea.
References in the Annals
Conchobar and Uí Maine are mentioned infrequently in the annals, reflecting the kingdom's subordinate status within the kingdom of Connacht. Some references include the following:
1145:The men of Munster proceeded with an army into Connaught; and they carried off Ua Ceallaigh, i.e. Tadhg, son of Conchobhar, lord of Ui-Maine, and slew Ruaidhri Ua Flaithbheartaigh.
1147:The battle of Ath-luain was gained over Domhnall, the son of Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair, and the Ua-Maine, by the men of Teathbha, where the grandson of Amhalghaidh Ua Flainn and others were slain.
1155:Magh-Finn was preyed by the men of Teathbha, who plundered some of the Ui-Maine.
1163:A royal heir's feasting visitation was made by Niall, son of Muircheartach Ua Lochlainn, the son of the King of Ireland … He afterwards proceeded across Ath-Luain, into Connaught, with a force of twelve score men; and they feasted upon the Ui-Maine, but they were all killed by Conchobhar Ua Ceallaigh, Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, and the Ui-Maine, through treachery and guile, except some deserters and fugitives; and Niall, son of Muircheartach Ua Lochlainn, was taken prisoner, and conducted in safety to his house, by advice of their meeting.
1167:A church was erected at Cluain-mic-Nois, in the place of the Dearthach, by Conchobhar Ua Ceallaigh and the Ui-Maine.
<blockquote>
1170:A great fleet was brought upon the Sinainn, by Ruaidhri Ua Conchobhair, to plunder Munster. A predatory incursion was made by the Ui-Maine into Ormond, and a predatory incursion was made by the people of West Connaught into Thomond. They the Ui-Maine plundered Ormond on this occasion, and destroyed the wooden bridge of Cill-Dalua.
</blockquote>
The Battle of the Conors
A decline in the power of Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair initiated civil unrest in Connacht, from about 1177. The Uí Maine appeared to take advantage of this, which cumulated in the Battle of the Conors, which took place at an unknown location, possibly within Máenmaige, sometime in 1180.
The victor was King Ruaidrí son, Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, who had a palace at Dún Ló (Ballinasloe). The Four Masters relate that Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Cellaigh was killed, along with "his son Teige (Teige Tailtenn Ua Cellaigh); his brother Dermot; Melaghlin, the son of Dermot O'Kelly; and Teige, the son of Teige O'Conor.Descendants
Future kings of Ui Maine descended from Conchobar included:
Domnall Mór Ua Cellaigh, died 1121
Conchobar Ó Cellaigh, died 1268
Donnchad Muimnech Ó Cellaigh, died 1307
Gilbert Ó Cellaigh, died 1322
Tadhg Ó Cellaigh, died 1316
Tadgh Óg Ó Cellaigh, died 1340
Tadgh Ruadh Ó Cellaigh, died 1410
ReferencesThe Tribes and customs of Hy-Many, John O'Donovan, 1843Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College CorkAnnals of Tigernach'' at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
People from County Galway
Kings of Uí Maine
12th-century Irish monarchs
Conchobar Maenmaige
The Society of the Sisters of Bethany (SSB) is an Anglican religious order. The sisters follow the Rule of St Augustine. The mother house is now the House of Bethany in Southsea.
Foundation
The community was founded in Clerkenwell, London, by Etheldreda Anna Benett (1824 – 1913) in 1866. Mother Etheldreda had been associated for some years with the Society of All Saints Sisters of the Poor, and finally joined that Order as a novice in 1864. In 1866 she took simple vows as a professed sister, and immediately left to found the new Order, the Society of the Sisters of Bethany. In the early days there was encouragement from founder members of the Oxford Movement including Edward Bouverie Pusey and Richard Meux Benson.
Convents
The original mother house and main convent was at Lloyd Square, Clerkenwell in London from 1866 until its closure in 1962.
The House of Bethany in Boscombe, Hampshire, opened in 1872 as a convent and orphanage; in 1962 it became the mother house of the Order; it closed in 1986.
The House of Bethany in Hindhead opened in 1977 as a convent of the Order; it closed in 1998.
A small convent in Winchester was opened in 1980; it closed in 1993.
The House of Bethany in Southsea opened in 1987 and immediately became the Mother House; since 1998 it has been the only convent of the Order.
The Order has operated overseas convents in Urmia, Persian Kurdistan (1890-1898), and Plumstead, Cape Town, South Africa (1915-1950). At various times it has also had small groups of sisters stationed in diocesan retreat houses to help run those houses, in various dioceses of the Church of England.
Vestments
The order specialised in the creation of vestments and ecclesiastical embroidery opening a School of Embroidery at Lloyd Square, Clerkenwell. The income from the School of Embroidery helped to fund the other work carried out by the Community. Sir Ninian Compar had a long association with the School which continued until 1972.
Sister community
Although the Orders are separate and independent of each other, the Society of the Sisters of Bethany have a special link with the Order of the Companions of Martha and Mary (OCMM), a relatively new religious community of sisters based in Blackburn.
Current life
Mother Mary Joy was installed as Reverend Mother of the Society by their episcopal visitor, Bishop Trevor Willmott in November 2019. As of 2019, there were seven professed sisters in the community, who continue their ministry of providing retreats, quiet days, and parish visiting. They also have a presence on Facebook and Twitter.
See also
Augustinian nuns in the Anglican Communion
Benedictine Sisters of Bethany, a religious order for women within the Anglican Church in Cameroon, West Africa
College of the Sisters of Bethany, a defunct women's college in Topeka, Kansas
Jyothi High School in Karnataka, India
References
External links
Community website
Anglican orders and communities
Anglican religious orders established in the 19th century
Embroidery in the United Kingdom
Agrotis consentanea is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found on Madagascar and on the islands of the Cosmoledo atoll (Seychelles).
References
Agrotis
Moths described in 1880
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Africa
Obi divination is a system of divination used in the traditional Yoruba religion and in Yoruba-derived Afro-American religions. In Yorubaland, it uses palm or kola nuts; in Latin America and the Caribbean it uses four pieces of coconut.
References
Divination
Objects used for divination
Afro-American religion
Yoruba mythology
Yoruba words and phrases
Santería
Tyler Randell may refer to:
Tyler Randell (rugby league)
Tyler Randell (ice hockey)
Éric Boyer (2 December 1963) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
Boyer was born in Choisy-le-Roi. In the 1988 Tour de France, he finished in 5th place in the overall classification - the highest placed French finisher. Boyer won a stage in the 1991 Giro d'Italia.
After his racing career, Boyer worked for television (including Eurosport and L'Equipe) and newspapers. He was manager of the Cofidis team from 2005 until June 2012. In addition he briefly served as president of the AIGCP from 2008 to 2009.
Major results
1986
Antibes
Grand Prix de Rennes
Tour de France:
Winner stage 2 (TTT)
1988
Meymac
Tour de France:
5th place overall classification
1990
Giro d'Italia:
Winner stages 2 and 15
Castillon-la-Bataille
1991
Giro d'Italia:
Winner stage 4
1992
Tour du Limousin
1993
Route du Sud
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Choisy-le-Roi
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Val-de-Marne
Tour de Suisse stage winners
Cyclists from Île-de-France
French Giro d'Italia stage winners
Aaron Jon Wallace Jr. (born July 8, 1993) is a former American football outside linebacker. He played high school football at Rancho Bernardo High School and college football for the UCLA Bruins.
Professional career
Tennessee Titans
Wallace was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the seventh round (222nd overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft. On May 9, 2016, he signed a four-year contract with the Titans.
During the 2016 season, Wallace appeared in 10 games, tallying 15 tackles and one sack.
On September 20, 2017, Wallace was placed on injured reserve with a back injury.
On September 18, 2018, Wallace was waived by the Titans.
Cincinnati Bengals
On November 20, 2018, Wallace was signed to the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad.
Denver Broncos
On December 28, 2018, Wallace was signed by the Denver Broncos off the Bengals' practice squad.
On August 21, 2019, Wallace was waived/injured by the Broncos and placed on injured reserve. He was released on August 28.
References
1993 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Cincinnati Bengals players
Denver Broncos players
Players of American football from San Diego
Tennessee Titans players
UCLA Bruins football players
Rancho Bernardo High School alumni
"Your Man Loves You Honey" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in April 1977 as the lead single from the album, About Love. The song peaked at number four on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 11 on the Canadian country singles chart.
Chart performance
References
External links
1977 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
1977 songs
The Superman Emergency Squad (sometimes called the Supermen Emergency Squad) is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly associated with Superman. They first appeared in "The Mystery of the Tiny Supermen!" in Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen #48 (October 1960). They were created by writer Otto Binder and artist Curt Swan.
The squad is a group of volunteers from the bottled city of Kandor, a city from Superman's home planet of Krypton that was shrunk by Brainiac and is kept in a glass jar in Superman's Fortress of Solitude. Outside the bottle, the tiny Kandorians have similar powers to Superman, and when they determine that Superman is in trouble, they can leave the bottle and fly to his assistance. The swarm of Superman-lookalikes uses a special scientific process to enlarge themselves to the size of dolls before heading into the field.
Fictional background
Pre-Crisis
Prior to the Crisis on Infinite Earths reboot, the Superman Emergency Squad is a group of miniaturized Kryptonians from the bottle city of Kandor, which is housed in Superman's Fortress of Solitude. The Squad provides assistance to Superman when he is incapacitated or otherwise occupied. Members of the squad include Superman's look alike cousin Van-Zee (who also uses the secret identity Nightwing), and Don-El, the captain of the Squad. In the early appearances of the Squad, the members were specially selected due to their close resemblance to Superman; later stories dropped this concept. Their costumes were originally modeled on that of Superman but with the 'S' in an elongated triangle.
The Squad goes into action whenever they receive a signal from Superman, or see that he is in trouble while monitoring him. To leave the shrunken city of Kandor, the Squad uses a small rocket ship to fly up to the cork that seals the mouth of the bottle. They then expose themselves to a enlarging gas that causes them to grow from their regular microscopic size to several inches in height. This gives them the ability to force the cork out of the mouth, allowing them access to the outside world (in later stories, the Squad installs a door in the cork, to facilitate exits and entrances). Once outside the bottle city the Squad members, like all natives of Krypton, gain the same powers and abilities as Superman.
Post-Crisis
A new version of the Squad appeared in the Crisis reboot, now renamed Kandorian Emergency Squad. Instead of providing emergency assistance to Superman, it now acts as a policing unit in Kandor. The Squad is led by Cerizah, sister of Superman's ally Ceritak. In Superman: The Man of Steel #100 (May 2000), the Emergency Squad leaves Kandor to help Superman defeat Hank Henshaw. As time passes at a faster rate in Kandor, the current status of the squad is uncertain.
In other media
The World's Greatest SuperFriends episode "Terror at 20,000 Fathoms" does not directly use the squad but has Kandorian characters perform similar functions. Four Kandorians leave the bottled city to help stop a deadly missile attack after Superman and his more high-powered comrades are incapacitated and the Wonder Twins ask for their help. They do not seem to enlarge themselves.
A large crowd of Kandorians gain powers and help Superman in the Legion of Super-Heroes episode "Message in a Bottle". They only do so while their city and not on special missions, though.
Notes
External links
Supermanica entry on the pre-Crisis Superman Emergency Squad
Pre-Crisis Superman Emergency Squad at Comic Book Database
DC Comics superhero teams
Kryptonians
is a private women's junior college in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka, Japan, established in 1960.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1960
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukuoka Prefecture
1960 establishments in Japan
Covey Swamp Creek (also known as Covey Creek) is a tributary of Spring Brook in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Moosic. Dams in the watershed of the creek include the Glenwood Lake Dam, the Covey Dam, and the Stark Dam. All three dams have associated reservoirs. The creek is a small mountain stream.
Course
Covey Swamp Creek begins on a hill in Moosic, not far from Scranton. It flows northwest for a few tenths of a mile, off the hill, before turning west-southwest for more than a mile, receiving an unnamed tributary from the left. The creek then turns south-southwest for a short distance before entering Glenwood Lake. It northwest for several tenths of a mile before turning west, crossing Interstate 476, and reaching its confluence with Spring Brook.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Covey Swamp Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is between above sea level.
Covey Swamp Creek is a small mountain stream. Its headwaters are on Moosic Mountain.
Covey Swamp Creek is dammed by the Glenwood Lake Dam. It is a small dam that is in poor condition as of 1981. The Covey Reservoir and the Stark Reservoir are also in the watershed.
Watershed
Covey Swamp Creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca.
Covey Swamp Creek drains a swamp known as Covey Swamp. It also drains a glen known as Rocky Glen. The swamp is situated at an elevation of above sea level.
History
Covey Swamp Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on January 1, 1990. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1202402. The creek appears on Patton's Philadelphia and Suburbs Street and Road Map, which was published in 1984. It is for this reason that it was added to the Geographic Names Information System.
The Covey Creek Coal Company was incorporated in 1900 in Moosic. Two dams in the watershed of Covey Swamp Creek were approved in 1917: Covey Dam and Stark Dam. Both were owned by the Spring Brook Water Supply Company.
See also
Monument Creek (Spring Brook), next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Junín is a central department of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 35,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Junín, which is located around from the Capital Federal.
Districts
Algarrobo Grande
Alto Verde
Junín
La Colonia
Los Barriales
Medrano
Mundo Nuevo
Phillips
Rodríguez Peña
External links
Municipal Website (Spanish)
1859 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
The South African War Memorial is a memorial located in the courtyard of Province House in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
History
On October 19, 1901, the Prince of Wales (the future George V) laid the cornerstone for the monument. (This was the first visit to Canada by a Prince and Princess of Wales.) The Prince also gave medals to returning soldiers. Two weeks later, on November 1, the heroes of Paardeberg returned and marched triumphantly down George Street.
The statue was made by Hamilton MacCarthy (who also made the Boer War Monument in the Halifax Public Gardens and the Harold Lothrop Borden statue in Canning). At the base of the statue are four panels. One panel is of the departure of troops from Halifax en route to South Africa; another is the Battle of Witpoort, which made Harold Lothrop Borden the most famous Canadian casualty of the war; another depicts the Battle of Paardeberg (Canada's most significant battle of the war, with the most casualties); and the fourth panel is of the Siege of Mafeking. These panels were also meant to honour the three Canadian Services that fought in the war: the infantry, mounted rifles and artillery. The Princess Louise Fusiliers of Nova Scotia and the Nova Scotia Highlanders participated in the war.
For two decades afterwards, Canadians would gather on February 27 (known in Canada as "Paardeberg Day") around memorials to the South African War to say prayers and honour veterans. This continued until the end of the First World War, when Armistice Day (later called Remembrance Day) began to observed on November 11.
Gallery
Killed officers named on monument
Major Harold Lothrop Borden (son of Frederick William Borden), King's Canadian Hussars
Lieutenant Charles Carroll Wood (son of John Taylor Wood), Royal North Lancashire Regt.
Lieutenant Barclay Webster (son of Barclay Webster), K.O.B.L.R.
Captain John Halliburton Laurie (son of John Laurie Sr.), Royal Lancaster Regt.
Lieutenant Monson Goudge Blanchard, 5th Regt, Canadian Artillery (also he has brass memorial plaque at St. John's Presbyterian Church, 613 King St, Windsor, Nova Scotia and is also listed on the memorial arch at Bay Street Armoury, Victoria, British Columbia)
Captain Charles Albert Hensley, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
Sergeant John E. Pemberton
Sergeant John R. Margeson R.C.R.
Corporal Harvey (Harry) Butler B. Williston
See also
South African War Memorial (Toronto)
Boer War Memorial (Montreal)
Military history of Nova Scotia
References
External links
Canadian Anglo Boer War Museum
Detailed insets of Monument
South African War Memorial (Halifax)
Monuments and memorials in Nova Scotia
Military history of Nova Scotia
Canadian military memorials and cemeteries
Second Boer War memorials
"Top Secret" is the sixteenth episode of the third season of House and the sixty-second episode overall. In the episode, a man claims to have Gulf War Syndrome, while Cameron seduces Chase, and House has a urination disorder due to Vicodin.
Plot
The episodes open with a US Marine Humvee being hit by an RPG in Iraq. One man drags out a Marine with a severed leg into a clearing and then the Marine is shown to be House. The whole scenario turns out to be House's dream, and when he wakes up, Cuddy presents him with a new case. House recognizes him as the man who dragged him out of the burning vehicle from the dream. House treats the man, whom Cuddy reveals to be the nephew of a hospital donor and a recently discharged Marine, who complains of Gulf War syndrome. The fact that House had a dream in his office just before being given the case that included this patient causes House to try to figure out how he could have possibly met this man before. House sends his team to investigate the patient's identity as well as his condition.
During a polysomnogram, the patient is left alone in an observation room during which Cameron "seduces" Chase into having sex next door. Foreman casually comes in to check on the patient, who is overwhelmed by a foul odor, which turns out to be bacteria in his mouth. Foreman questions Cameron and Chase later about why they were absent. Cameron admits having sex with Chase, but Foreman takes it as a joke.
Meanwhile, House ultimately relieves his urination problem by inserting a catheter in himself. Following this relief, he is able to sleep, leading him to have another dream. House wakes up and correctly diagnoses the patient with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia, surprising the team.
House finally recognizes the patient and approaches Cuddy for lying to him that the patient was the nephew of a hospital donor. House realizes where he met the patient before, one of Cuddy's dates, and confronts Cuddy who responds that House only remembered the man because he was Cuddy's date. Cuddy tells House to get over her.
House catches Cameron and Chase in a storage closet while disposing some files, leaving both of them with shocked expressions on their faces at House's seemingly apathetic attitude to catching them.
Reception
On March 28, 2007, Staci Krause from IGN claimed that the episode was very confusing, but entertaining throughout. She said it was a very good episode, mostly due to the detail behind the relationship of House and Cuddy.
Soundtrack
Source:
"Dimension" - Wolfmother"
"Get Down Tonight" - K.C. and the Sunshine Band
"Piano Quintet in A major, Op. 114, D667: For Ellen" - Franz Schubert
"Superfly" - Curtis Mayfield
Guest appearances
Source:
Hira Ambrosino - Dr. Chen
Marc Blucas - John Kelley
References
External links
House (season 3) episodes
2007 American television episodes
fr:L'Homme de ses rêves
Lakeside is a community within the urban area of the Municipality of Halifax in Nova Scotia.
Geography
The Halifax Regional Municipality Urban Forest Master Plan records that Lakeside has a land area of 105 hectares (1.05 km2). When the Lakeside Industrial Park is included, which is 60 hectares (0.60 km2), the land area of the Community and Industrial Park is approximately 165 hectares (1.65 km2).
Demographics
The only demographic information that is available for the area is for District 12 (Timberlea-Beechville-Clayton Park-Wedgewood). There are 25,505 people living within the District--however--there is no demographic information for the community of Lakeside.
Transportation
Lakeside is serviced by Halifax Transit routes Route 21 (Timberlea), and Route 123 (Timberlea Express).
Route 21 (Timberlea) arrives at the Lacewood Terminal in Clayton Park. If the transit-user needs to travel to anywhere within the urban area of Halifax, they can use Route 21 (Timberlea) to arrive at the Lacewood Terminal, and travel elsewhere.
Route 123 (Timberlea Express) arrives at the Scotia Square Terminal in Downtown Halifax. This stop is very similar to the Lacewood Terminal, but much busier. Scotia Square Terminal is serviced by many more transit routes.
Halifax Transit Routes
Route 21 (Timberlea)
Route 123 (Timberlea Express)
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime meta-series, as well as the 1st main spin-off series. The plot centers around Jaden Yuki and his friends, and tells of their adventures at the Duel Academy, a school that teaches students how to play the card game Duel Monsters. Season three, the Dimension World Saga, covers their third year at the Academy and the series' darker turn. This season was broadcast by 4Kids Entertainment as Yu-Gi-Oh! GX.
Summary
Jaden's limits are being tested by Professor Thelonius Viper because he was invited by Sheppard so he could improve the students' dueling. Many new faces from other Academies around the world show themselves, including Jesse Andersen, who, like Jaden, has the ability to speak to his Duel Monsters cards. Evil forces return to threaten not just Earth, but other dimensions as well, including the duel spirits' world. Jaden and his friends rise to fight this evil once again, but this time, the fight is more personal for Jaden. The "Supreme King" threatening the entire universe is actually a past incarnation of his, the dark side of his soul. Jaden soon finds himself facing the deranged duel spirit Yubel in a battle that will decide the fate of several universes, and takes the only path to defeat her, by absorbing her power into himself.
Episode list
References
General
Specific
2006 Japanese television seasons
2007 Japanese television seasons
GX (season 3)
The Privy Council of the Hawaiian Kingdom, also known as the King's Privy Council of State or Queen's Privy Council of State (), was a constitutionally-created body of advisers to the sovereign of the Hawaiian Kingdom from 1845 to 1893. Its members were known as privy councillors and often involved in the other branches of the government.
Overview
The idea of a body of advisors had its origin in the Council of Chiefs (ʻAha Aliʻi) during the early reign of Kamehameha III and his predecessors. The ʻAha Aliʻi was also the precedent of the House of Nobles in the Legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom. The first documented meeting on the records of the Privy Council was July 29, 1845, although it may be formed earlier. The Privy Council was officially constituted after the passing of "An Act to Organize the Executive Ministry of the Hawaiian Islands" on October 29, 1845, in the Legislature, which formally outlined the appointment of cabinet ministers for the executive branch and the role of a privy council.
The body was headed by the monarch or in his absence the Kuhina Nui (premier or vice-monarch). Membership compose of the five (later four) cabinet ministers including the Kuhina Nui and the four island governors, who served as ex-officio members, and other individuals appointed by the monarch to serve at his pleasure. The 1852 Constitution of the Hawaiian Kingdom codified and expanded the role of the body. The role of the Privy Council was to advise and approve all acts made by the monarch such as the declaration of war, granting pardons, convening of the legislature, diplomatic decisions, judicial appointments, gubernatorial appointments, etc.
After the death of Kamehameha IV without an heir on November 30, 1863, Kuhina Nui Victoria Kamāmalu consulted with the Privy Council and proclaimed their brother Prince Lot Kapuāiwa as Kamehameha V. The new king proclaimed the 1864 Constitution which abolished the post of Kuhina Nui, reduced the power of the Privy Council and empowered the position of the monarch. The subsequent constitutions do not mention the ex-officio membership of island governors on the Privy Council.
The Privy Council of State was abolished in 1893 after the overthrow of the Hawaiian Kingdom and the deposition of Queen Liliuokalani. The Provisional Government and Republic of Hawaii replaced it with an Advisory Council and later Council of State.
Historian Ralph Simpson Kuykendall notes: "The privy council became a very important body, numerous powers and duties being assigned to it by the [1845] organic acts" and after 1852 became "a most important feature of the government".
See also
Cabinet of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Supreme Court of the Hawaiian Kingdom
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Hawaiian Kingdom
Hawaii law
1845 establishments in Hawaii
1893 disestablishments in Hawaii
Loretta Napoleoni (born 1955) is an Italian journalist and political analyst. She reports on the financing of terrorism, connected finance, and security related topics.
Early life and education
Loretta was born and raised in Rome, Italy. In the mid-1970s, she became an active feminist and Marxist.
She was a Fulbright scholar at Johns Hopkins University's Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) in Washington, D.C. and a Rotary Scholar at the London School of Economics (LSE). She has a MPhil in Terrorism Studies from the University of East London and an MA in International Relations from SAIS.
Career
In the early 1980s, she worked at the National Bank of Hungary on the convertibility of the Hungarian forint. This became the blueprint for the convertibility of the ruble a decade later.
Appointments
She is a member of the scientific committee of the Fundación Ideas para el Progreso, the think tank of Spain's Socialist Party, and she is a partner with Oxfam Italia.
Publications
Napoleoni's writing has appeared in Italian newspapers such as il Caffè, La Repubblica, and Il Fatto Quotidiano. She has worked as a foreign correspondent and columnist for the Spanish newspaper El Pais..
The Italian edition of her book Maonomics: Why Chinese Communists Make Better Capitalists Than We Do won the 2010 Book of the Year Prize from the Italian Association for Economics as well as the 2011 Singapore Critics Choice Best Nonfiction on Economics Prize.Maonomics was published in 10 countries and in Italy by RCS MediaGroup.
Napoleoni also writes articles for newspapers and journals including Le Monde, The Guardian, Il Venerdi di Repubblica, l'Espresso, l'Unità, and Wired Italia. In one such article, co-written with Claudia Segre and originally published in L'Osservatore Romano under the title Alternative Credit Mechanisms with a Basic Code of Ethics: From Islamic Proposals and Ideas to the West in Crisis.
Personal life
Napoleoni lives in London, England, and Whitefish, Montana, with her husband and children.
References
External links
The Value of Human Rights,Constitutional Rights,and of the Rule of Law
Democracy Now! Loretta Napoleoni interview (03/2008)
Democracy Now! Loretta Napoleoni interview (11/2005)
Audio: Loretta Napoleoni in conversation on the BBC World Service discussion show The Forum
The intricate economics of terrorism TED (conference)
Matter of Fact: The Singapore Summit Matter of Fact with Stan Grant
Articles
1955 births
Living people
Italian women writers
Italian writers
Italian journalists
Italian women journalists
Historians of the Iraq War
Historians of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies alumni
Experts on terrorism
People from Whitefish, Montana
The American Council of the Blind (ACB) is a nationwide organization in the United States. It is an organization mainly made up of blind and visually impaired people who want to achieve independence and equality (although there are many sighted members with common aims).
History
The American Council of the Blind was formed out of the dissolution of the Braille Free Press Association in 1961. Braille Free Press had been set up in 1959. It was highly critical of the American Foundation for the Blind, and the ACB was formed as an alternative to it.
The ACB was also very critical of the National Federation of the Blind which many of its first members had also originally belonged to. Relations between the two organizations have been strained ever since—to the extent that they tend to schedule their conventions at the same time, to deter people from being active in both organizations.
In 2013 the ACB elected Kim Charlson as its first female president, making her the first female president of a major national blindness consumer advocacy organization in the United States.
State affiliates
Alabama Council of the Blind
Alaska Independent Blind, Inc.
Arizona Council of the Blind
Arkansas Council of the Blind
California Council of the Blind
American Council of the Blind of Colorado, Inc.
Connecticut Council of the Blind
Delaware Council of the Blind and Visually Impaired
DC Council of the Blind
Florida Council of the Blind
Georgia Council of the Blind
Hawaii Association of the Blind
Illinois Council of the Blind
ACB of Indiana
Iowa Council of the United Blind
Kansas Association of the Blind and Visually Impaired
Blue Grass Council of the Blind
Kentucky Council of the Blind
Louisiana Council of the Blind
ACB of Maine
ACB of Maryland
Bay State Council of the Blind
Michigan Council of the Blind And Visually Impaired
ACB of Minnesota
Mississippi Council of the Blind
Missouri Council of the Blind
Montana Blind and Low Vision Council
ACB of Nebraska
Nevada Council of the Blind
New Jersey Council of the Blind
ACB of New Mexico
ACB of New York, Inc.
North Carolina Council of the Blind
North Dakota Association of the Blind
ACB of Ohio
Oklahoma Council of the Blind
ACB of Oregon
Pennsylvania Council of the Blind
ACB of South Carolina
South Dakota Association of the Blind
Tennessee Council of the Blind
ACB of Texas
Utah Council of the Blind
Vermont Council of the Blind
American Council of the Blind of Virginia
Virginia Association of the Blind
Washington Council of the Blind
Mountain State Council of the Blind
Washington Council of the Blind
ACB of Wisconsin
Wyoming Council of the Blind
References
External links
ACB home page
Blindness organizations in the United States
Health and disability rights organizations in the United States
501(c)(3) organizations
Non-profit organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Jinjiang Action Park () is a large amusement park at No. 201 Hongmei Road in Xuhui District, Shanghai. Founded in 1984, it is affiliated to the Jinjiang Group.
Rides and attractions
Roller coasters
Other attractions
Shanghai Ferris Wheel
Jinjiang Action Park is the home of the Shanghai Ferris Wheel, a giant tall Ferris wheel. The wheel has a diameter of , and takes about 20–25 minutes to complete one rotation.
Its 63 passenger cars can each carry 6 passengers who, on a clear day, can see the giant Oriental Pearl TV Tower in Pudong, the Songpu, Fengpu and Xupu bridges on the Huangpu River in the south, and Sheshan Hill in the west.
Construction started in November 2002 and it began operating in May 2003, having cost over 10 million yuan (US$1.2 million) to build.
Transportation
The park can be reached by taking Shanghai Metro Line 1 to Jinjiang Park station.
Also, Hukun Expressway reach the park directly. As well, more than 20 bus routes have stops set up there.
References
External links
Amusement parks in Shanghai
Tourist attractions in Shanghai
Buildings and structures in Shanghai
1984 establishments in China
Amusement parks opened in 1984
Gary Schwertfeger (born July 24, 1940) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. He played college football at the University of Montana.
References
1940 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Montana Grizzlies football players
Players of American football from Milwaukee
BC Lions players
Tiwi is a small settlement and beach resort in Kenya. It is located north of Diani Beach, and is approximately south of Mombasa. The area is served by Ukunda Airport, and is on the A14 road. Matatus to Diani serve the area, via the Likoni Ferry and Mombasa Island. Mostly occupied by the Digo community of the Mijikenda--SHABAN KAHINDI
Tiwi is located in Matuga Constituency of Kwale County.
See also
Historic Swahili Settlements
Swahili architecture
References
Swahili people
Swahili city-states
Swahili culture
Populated places in Coast Province
Mombasa
Beaches of Kenya
Moca vexatalis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1866. It is found in Brazil.
Adults are reddish, the body silvery white beneath and the palpi white beneath. The abdomen and hindwings are brown and the forewings are minutely cinereous speckled, with some darker red and brownish patches. The marginal points are brownish.
References
Moths described in 1866
Immidae
Moths of South America
Ed Lee Williams (born March 14, 1991) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Fort Hays State. Williams was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2015.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2015 NFL Draft, Williams signed with the Green Bay Packers on August 3, 2015. On September 5, 2015, he was released by the Packers during final team cuts. Williams was signed to the Packers' practice squad on September 8, 2015. On January 18, 2016, he was re-signed by the Packers after finishing the season on the practice squad. Williams was released by the Packers on August 29, 2016.
References
External links
Fort Hays State Tigers bio
1991 births
Living people
Players of American football from Tampa, Florida
Players of Canadian football from Tampa, Florida
American football wide receivers
Fort Hays State Tigers football players
Green Bay Packers players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Carolin von Anstetten (née Mohr) is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love). The character was played by Jutta Fastian from January 1999 to December 15, 2000 and in a special guest appearance to the 10th anniversary of the show on January 20, 2005.
Carolin appears as a mysterious art dealer at Friedenau Castle on New Year's Eve in 1998. Henning von Anstetten falls for her. Carolin becomes a personal art dealer to Henning's father Christoph, stealing paintings to pay for an operation to save the life of her younger sister Isabell. Carolin realizes she loves Henning and tells him the truth. After they marry, their relationship is strained due to Henning working long hours. Carolin and Christoph have an affair and she gets pregnant but isn't sure about the baby's paternity. Henning wants to share the news at a celebration for the 333rd anniversary of Friedenau. Sebastian Leutner, Isabell's boyfriend, finds out about the affair and tries to blackmail Carolin, who gives in to save her marriage. Christoph's ex-wife Clarissa reveals the truth about the baby's father, which everyone believes is an attempt to humiliate Christoph in public. When Carolin tells Henning the truth, he leaves her and severs ties with his father.
Sebastian threatens Carolin with a gun; during the ensuing fight he gets shot and dies. Clarissa hides the gun with Carolin's fingerprints, but Carolin is later arrested for Sebastian's murder. Clarissa blackmails Christoph into remarrying her to prove Carolin's innocence, which he secretly does. Clarissa clears Carolin with her statement and Carolin returns to Friedenau, shocked. Clarissa blackmails Christoph into staying with her; distraught, he commits suicide. Carolin blames Clarissa, who attends therapy to address her guilt.
Henning attempts to return to Carolin, which she rejects, saying she really loves Christoph. Carolin leaves Friedenau without telling anyone. Months later, she writes Isabell a letter after giving birth to a baby boy named Aaron.
In January 2005, Carolin is seen at an airport with twins—two girls—but without Aaron.
References
Verbotene Liebe characters
Fictional actors
Literary characters introduced in 1998
Ute Meta Bauer (born 1958). She is an international curator, professor of contemporary art and the director of the Centre for Contemporary Art (CCA) in Singapore.
Early life and education
Bauer was born in 1958 in Stuttgart, Germany. She studied at the Hochschule der Bildenden Künste, Hamburg, Germany, between 1980-1989. Her diplomas focus on art theory, visual communication and stage design. She has worked as a free-lance curator since 1985.
Career
From 1990 to 1994, Bauer was a Artistic Director of the Künstlerhaus Stuttgart, where she programmed several exhibitions and conferences on contemporary art, such as Radical Chic (1993) and A New Spirit in Curating (1992). From 1996-2006, Bauer held an appointment at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna in Austria, as a professor of theory and practice of contemporary art.
Bauer served as the Founding Director of the Office for Contemporary Art in Norway from 2002 to 2005. Afterwards, she moved onto Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she acted as Associate Professor for Visual Arts until 2012. She was also the founding director of its Art, Culture, and Technology (ACT) programme.
From 2012 to 2013, Bauer was Dean of Fine Art at the Royal College of Art in London.
Ute Meta Bauer is the founding director of the Centre for Contemporary Art (CCA) in Singapore and has served as Professor of Art at Nanyang Technological University (NTU)'s School of Art, Media and Design since 2013.
Bauer served as a curator for the 17th Istanbul Biennial in 2022.
Exhibitions
Bauer has curated many exhibitions on contemporary art with a focus on transdisciplinary media. In 2012 she curated The Future Archive at the Neuer Berliner Kunstverein (n.b.k.), in Berlin, Germany. This show focused on artistic research projects of the 1970s and 1980s related to the Center for Advanced Visual Studies (CAVS), which was founded in 1967 by György Kepes at MIT. In 2005, Bauer curated the Mobile_Transborder Archive for InSite05, in Tijuana /San Diego, which consisted of a mobile unit created to connect various institutions, entities and individuals around issues related to the San Diego-Tijuana and the California-Baja California border region. In 2004, Bauer was the Artistic Director of the 3rd Berlin Biennale for Contemporary Art, which presented 50 contemporary artists at KW Institute for Contemporary Art and at the Martin-Gropius-Bau. The Biennale focused on 5 topics Migration, Urban Conditions, Sonic Scapes, Sashions and Scenes, and Other Cinemas Exhibited artists included: Fernando Bryce, Banu Cennetoğlu, Florian Hecker, Melik Ohanian, Ulrike Ottinger, Mathias Poledna, Aura Rosenberg, Bojan Sarčević, Dierk Schmidt, Nomeda & Gediminas Urbonas, and Amelie von Wulffen. She was the curator of the Nordic Pavilion (Norway, Sweden) for the 50th edition of the Venice Biennale in 2003. Curator of the exhibition First Story – Women Building/New Narratives for the 21st Century at the Palace Gallery, in 2001, for Porto European Cultural Capital and Architectures of Discourse for the Fundació Antoni Tapiès in Barcelona, Spain, in the same year.
Her recent co-curatorial projects include the exhibition Paradise Lost with Anca Rujoiu which inaugurated the Centre for Contemporary Art (CCA) in 2014. World Biennial Forum No. 1, Gwangju, South Korea with Hou Hanru in 2012 and the Documenta 11 (2001-2002), Kassel, Germany, along with Okwui Enwezor team. Bauer also co-curated the show Now Here at the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art in 1996, Humlebæk, Denmark, along with Laura Cottingham, Anneli Fuchs & Lars Grambye, Iwona Blazwick, among others.
Publications
1992-94 META 1-4 (Stuttgart)
2001 Education, Information, Entertainment. New Approaches in Higher Artistic Education (Vienna: Selene; Institut für Gegenwartskunst)
2001-02 case (Barcelona, 2001; Porto, 2002)
2003-06 Verksted # 1-6 (Oslo)
2007 A Dynamic Equilibrium: In pursuit of public terrain (co-authored with Magali Arriola, Judith Barry, Teddy Cruz among others, México City)
2009 What's left…What remains? (Simposio Internacional de Teoría de Arte Contemporáneo, Patronage for Contemporary Art in Mexico City)
2011 Stephen Willats: Art Society Feedback (with Anja Casser)
2012 Intellectual Birdhouse, Artistic Practice as Research (co-edited with Florian Dombois, Michael Schwab and Claudia Mareis, Walther König, Köln)
2013 World Biennale Forum No 1 – Shifting Gravity (co-edited with Hou Hanru, Hatje Cantz)
2013 Magne Furuholmen: In Transit (co-authored with Selene Wendt, Forlaget Press)
2014 AR – Artistic Research (co-edited with Thomas D. Trummer, Walther König, Köln)
2018 Place.Labour.Capital. (edited with Anca Rujoiu, NTU Centre for Contemporary Art Singapore)
References
1958 births
German art curators
Living people
German women curators
A Night at Earl Carroll's is a 1940 American musical film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Lynn Starling. The film stars Ken Murray, Rose Hobart, Elvia Allman, Blanche Stewart, Earl Carroll, J. Carrol Naish, and Lela Moore. The film was released on December 6, 1940 by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Ken Murray as Barney Nelson
Rose Hobart as Ramona Lisa
Elvia Allman as Cobina Gusher
Blanche Stewart as Brenda Gusher
Earl Carroll as himself
J. Carrol Naish as Steve Kalkus
Lela Moore as herself
Jack Norton as Alonzo Smith
Russell Hicks as Mayor Jones of Hollywood
William B. Davidson as Mayor Green of San Bernardino
John Harmon as Mac
Forbes Murray as Mayor Brown of Pasadena
Ralph Emerson as Mayor Gray of Bakersfield
Ray Walker as Jerry
Allan Cavan as Mayor White of El Centro
George McKay as Mayor Stokes of San Diego
Truman Bradley as Radio Announcer
Beryl Wallace as Miss DuBarry
Ruth Rogers as Miss DeMilo
Sheila Ryan as Miss Borgia
John Laing as Vic
Mary Lou Cook as The Hot Singer
Florine McKinney as Girl Orchestra Leader
Emory Parnell as Policeman
References
External links
1940 films
Paramount Pictures films
American musical films
1940 musical films
Films directed by Kurt Neumann
Films scored by Victor Young
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Starlights, previously known as Terblanche XI, are a South African women's cricket team that compete in the Women's T20 Super League. The team has no geographical base, instead being made up of some of the best players from across South Africa. They are captained by Chloe Tryon and coached by Claire Terblanche. They have won one T20 Super League, the 2019–20 edition.
History
Starlights were first formed in 2019 to compete in the Women's T20 Super League, a tournament designed to provide more competitive cricket to the best players in South Africa. For the first edition of the tournament, the side was named after its coach, Claire Terblanche, becoming Terblanche XI. They were captained by Laura Wolvaardt. Terblanche XI finished bottom of the inaugural tournament, losing all three of their matches. However, Wolvaardt was the leading run-scorer in the tournament, with 188 runs including 110 made against M van der Merwe XI, and Terblanche XI bowler Masabata Klaas was the leading wicket-taker in the tournament, with 6 wickets.
For the following edition of the tournament, which took place two months later in December 2019, the side was named Starlights. Terblanche was retained as coach, with Chloe Tryon being named as captain of the side. The side went on to win the tournament, winning two of their matches and edging out their competitors on Net Run Rate.
The third edition of the tournament took place in December 2020. Tryon and Terblanche were retained as captain and coach of the side, respectively, as well as selecting South Africa stars Lizelle Lee, Masabata Klaas and Andrie Steyn in the draft that took place prior to the competition. Starlights went on to finish 3rd in the tournament, winning one out of three of their matches, a 2 run victory over eventual winners Coronations. Klaas was the second leading wicket-taker in the tournament, with 6 wickets, including taking 3/25 in the side's one victory.
Players
Current squad
Based on squad for the 2020–21 season. Players in bold have international caps.
Seasons
Women's T20 Super League
Honours
Women's T20 Super League:
Winners (1): 2019–20
References
Women's T20 Super League
Women's cricket teams in South Africa
Thomas Franck may refer to:
Thomas M. Franck (1931–2009), American international law scholar
Thomas Franck (footballer) (born 1971), German footballer
See also
Thomas Frank (disambiguation)
The or ( ; , : hrn; sign: ₴; code: UAH) has been the national currency of Ukraine since 2 September 1996. The hryvnia is divided into 100 . It is named after a measure of weight used in medieval Kievan Rus'.
Name
Etymology
The currency of Kyivan Rus' in the eleventh century was called grivna. The word is thought to derive from the Slavic griva; c.f. Ukrainian, Russian, Bulgarian, and Serbo-Croatian / griva, meaning "mane". It might have indicated something valuable worn around the neck, usually made of silver or gold; c.f. Bulgarian and Serbian grivna (, "bracelet"). Later, the word was used to describe silver or gold ingots of a certain weight; c.f. Ukrainian hryvenyk ().
Plural
The nominative plural of hryvnia is hryvni (), while the genitive plural is hryven' (). In Ukrainian, the nominative plural form is used for numbers ending with 2, 3, or 4, as in dvi hryvni (дві гривні, "2 hryvni"), and the genitive plural is used for numbers ending with 5 to 9 and 0, for example sto hryven' (сто гривень, "100 hryven'"); for numbers ending with 1 the nominative singular form is used, for example dvadciat' odna hryvnia (двадцять одна гривня, "21 hryvnia"). An exception to this rule is numbers ending in 11, 12, 13 and 14 for which the genitive plural is also used, for example, dvanadciat' hryven' (дванадцять гривень, "12 hryven'"). The singular for the subdivision is копійка (kopiika), the nominative plural is копійки (kopiiky) and the genitive is копійок (kopiiok).
Currency sign
The hryvnia sign is a cursive Ukrainian letter He (г), with a double horizontal stroke (₴), symbolizing stability, similar to that used in other currency symbols such as the Yen (¥), Euro (€), Indian Rupee (₹), and Chinese Yuan (¥ shares symbol with yen). The sign was encoded as U+20B4 in Unicode 4.1 and released in 2005. It is now supported by most systems. In Ukraine, if the hryvnia sign is unavailable, the Cyrillic abbreviation "грн" is used (which can be transliterated as "hrn").
History
A currency called was used during the Kievan Rus'. In 1917, after the Ukrainian National Republic declared independence from the Russian Empire, the name of the new Ukrainian currency became hryvnia, a revised version of the Kyivan Rus' hryvna. The designer was Heorhiy Narbut.
The hryvnia replaced the karbovanets during the period 2–16 September 1996, at a rate of 1 hryvnia to 100,000 karbovantsiv. The karbovanets was subject to hyperinflation in the early 1990s following the collapse of the USSR.
To a large extent, the introduction of the hryvnia was secretive. The hryvnia was introduced according to a Presidential Decree dated 26 August 1996 that was published on August 29. During the transition period, 2–16 September, both hryvnias and karbovanets were used, but merchants were required to give change only in hryvnias. All bank accounts were converted to hryvnias automatically. During the transition period, 97% of karbovanets were taken out of circulation, including 56% in the first five days of the currency reform. After 16 September 1996, the remaining karbovanets could be exchanged for hryvnias in banks.
The hryvnia was introduced during the period when Viktor Yushchenko was the chairman of National Bank of Ukraine. However, the first banknotes issued bore the signature of the previous National Bank chairman, Vadym Hetman, who resigned in 1993, because the first notes had been printed as early as 1992 by the Canadian banknote Company, but it was decided to delay their circulation until the hyperinflation in Ukraine was brought under control.
On 18 March 2014, following its independence, the de facto occupation administration of occupied Republic of Crimea announced that the hryvnia was to be dropped as the region's currency in April 2014. The Russian ruble became the official currency in annexed Crimea on 21 March 2014. Until 1 June 2014, the hryvnia could also be used for cash payments only.
By contrast, the hryvnia remains the predominant currency in the conflicted raions of Donbas, i. e. in the Russian-controlled areas of Donetsk and Luhansk.
Coins
No coins were issued for the first hryvnia.
Coins were first struck in 1992 for the new currency, but were not introduced until September 1996. Initially, coins valued between 1 and 50 kopiiky were issued. In March 1997, ₴1 coins were added. Since 2004, several commemorative ₴1 coins have been struck.
In October 2012, the National Bank of Ukraine announced that it was examining the possibility of withdrawing the 1- and 2-kopiiky coins from circulation. The coins had become too expensive to produce compared to their nominal value. 1- and 2-kopiiky coins were not produced after 2013, but remained in circulation until 1 October 2019.
Also, on 26 October 2012, the National Bank of Ukraine announced it was considering the introduction of a ₴2 coin.
Officially, as of 1 July 2016, 12.4 billion coins, with a face value of ₴1.4 billion were in circulation.
On 1 October 2019, 1, 2 and 5 kopiiky coins ceased to be legal tender. They can be still changed at banks, but bills have to be rounded to the next 0.10-step.
Banknotes
In 1996, the first series of hryvnia banknotes was introduced into circulation by the National Bank of Ukraine. They were dated 1992 and were in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10 and 20 hryvnias. The design of the banknotes was developed by Ukrainian artists Vasyl Lopata and Borys Maksymov. The one hryvnia banknotes were printed by the Canadian banknote Company in 1992. The two, five and ten hryvnia banknotes were printed two years later. The banknotes were stored in Canada until they were put into circulation.
Banknotes of the first series in denominations of 50 and 100 hryvnias also existed but were not introduced because these nominals were not needed in the economic crisis of the mid-1990s.
Also in 1996, the 1, 50, and 100 hryvnia notes of the second series were introduced, with 1 hryvnia dated 1994. The banknotes were designed and printed by Britain's De La Rue. Since the opening of the Mint of the National Bank of Ukraine in cooperation with De La Rue in March 1994, all banknotes have been printed in Ukraine.
Later, higher denominations were added. The 200 hryvnia notes of the second series were introduced in 2001, followed by the 500 hryvnia notes of the third series in 2006, and 1000 hryvnia notes of fourth series in 2019.
The 100 hryvnia denomination is quite common due to its moderately high value. Also common is the 200 and 500 hryvnia, as most Ukrainian ATMs dispense currency in these denominations.
In 2016, the NBU paper factory started producing banknote paper using flax instead of cotton.
In 2019, the National Bank of Ukraine introduced a 1,000 hryvnia banknotes and was issued into circulation on 25 October 2019. The introduction of the new banknote was in response to the National Bank of Ukraine's efforts of streamlining the number of coins and banknotes already in circulation. The 1, 2, 5 and 10 hryvnia banknotes will continue to be legal tender alongside its equivalent coins in general circulation, while being withdrawn from circulation from repeated use in commerce.
In 2019, the National Bank of Ukraine introduced a revised 50 hryvnia banknotes into circulation on 20 December 2019 and issued a revised 200 hryvnia banknotes on 25 February 2020, thereby completing the family of notes which began with the issuance of the 100 hryvnia banknote in 2015.
Current series
Exchange rates
Official NBU exchange rate at moment of introduction was UAH 1.76 per 1 US dollar.
Following the Asian financial crisis in 1998, the currency was devalued to UAH 5.6 = USD 1.00 in February 2000. Later, the exchange rate remained relatively stable at around 5.4 hryvnias for 1 US dollar and was fixed to 5.05 hryvnias for 1 US dollar from 21 April 2005 until 21 May 2008. In mid-October 2008 rapid devaluation began, in the course of a global financial crisis that hit Ukraine hard, with the hryvnia dropping 38.4% from UAH 4.85 for 1 US dollar on 23 September 2008 to UAH 7.88 for 1 US dollar on 19 December 2008. After a period of instability, a new peg of 8 hryvnias per US dollar was established, and remained for several years. In 2012, the peg was changed to a managed float (much like that of the Chinese yuan) as the euro and other European countries' currencies weakened against the dollar due to the European debt crisis, and the value in mid-2012 was about ₴8.14 per dollar.
As from 7 February 2014, following political instability in Ukraine, the National Bank of Ukraine changed the hryvnia into a fluctuating/floating currency in an attempt to meet IMF requirements and to try to enforce a stable price for the currency in the Forex market. In 2014 and 2015 the hryvnia lost about 70% of its value against the U.S. dollar, with the currency reaching a record low of ₴33 per dollar in February 2015.
On 31 July 2019, the hryvnia to U.S. dollar exchange rate in the interbank foreign exchange market strengthened to ₴24.98 — the highest level in 3 years.
Following 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the official exchange rate of hryvnia was fixed at ₴29.25 per 1 US dollar and ₴33.17 per 1 Euro. On July 21, 2022, it was devalued to ₴36.92 per 1 US dollar.
See also
Economy of Ukraine
List of commemorative coins of Ukraine
List of currencies in Europe
Hryvnia
Grzywna (unit)
References
Bibliography
External links
History of Hryvnia
National Bank of Ukraine announcement of Hryvnia Sign
Proposed symbols for hryvnia during design competition
Detailed Catalog of Ukrainian paper money
Pictures of hryvnia bills introduced in 1997
The first Ukrainian Money (1917–1922) Odessa Numismatics Museum
Ukraine monetary reform. Numismatics
List of coins of Ukraine (Numista)
Economic history of Ukraine
Circulating currencies
Currency symbols
Currencies of Ukraine
Currencies introduced in 1996
Ukrainian words and phrases
The Little Killers were an American rock and roll band who formed in New York City, New York, U.S. in 2001. They played punky garage rock inspired by the likes of Chuck Berry, the New York Dolls, and Johnny Burnette's Rock & Roll Trio.
The band featured vocalist and guitarist Andy Maltz, the rhythm sections of Sara Nelson (bass and backing vocals) and Kari Boden (drums and backing vocals).
After signing to Crypt Records, The Little Killers released their self-titled début album in September 2003. It became a hit in garage punk circles, although it didn't make the band as big as label-mates such as Jon Spencer Blues Explosion.
They also released two non-album singles, "Better Be Right" (2003) and "You Got It Made" (2004). That year also saw them play one of the final Peel Sessions broadcasts from the legendary John Peel radio show, before he died in 2004.
In 2006, they released their second and final album, A Real Good One, on the Gern Blandsten Records label.
The Little Killers toured extensively in the US, Europe, and Australia before disbanding in 2007.
References
Garage rock groups from New York (state)
Garage punk groups
Plagal Grind is a 12" EP by New Zealand band Plagal Grind, released in 1990. Containing members of This Kind of Punishment and The 3Ds, along with Alastair Galbraith, the band was considered a supergroup.
Production
The EP was recorded at Fish Street Studios, in Dunedin, New Zealand.
Critical reception
Trouser Press called the EP "one of the high-water marks for New Zealand rock," writing that it "ups the sonic ante with richly textured electric guitars and loads of reverb, resulting in a shimmering, mystical sound perfectly suited to [Alastair] Galbraith-penned songs like 'Yes Jazz Cactus', 'Marquesite Lace' and the majestic 'Receivership'."
Track listing
Side A
"Vincent"
"Midnight Blue Vision"
"Receivership"
"Yes Jazz Cactus"
Side B
"Marquesite Lace"
"Starless Road"
"Blackout"
Personnel
Robbie Muir (bass)
Peter Jefferies (drums)
Alastair Galbraith (guitar, vocals)
David Mitchell (guitar)
References
Alastair Galbraith (musician) albums
1990 EPs
Gorráiz is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 3601.
Geography
Gorráiz is located 8km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Epichloë brachyelytri is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1999, Epichloë brachyelytri is a sister lineage to Epichloë aotearoae. Epichloe" grass endophytes comprise group of filamentous fungi of both sexual and asexual species.
Epichloë brachyelytri is found in North America, where it has been identified in the grass species Brachyelytrum erectum. To date six Eurasians and one North American morphospecies have been described, and these approximately corresponding to six distinct mating populations. Often Epichloe" confer to their host a range of fitness benefits, including enhanced resistance to biotic and abiotic stresses. One such benefit is defense against plant herbivore that is attributable to various alkaloids produced by these fungi.
References
brachyelytri
Fungi described in 1999
Fungi of North America
Freda Charcilia Payne (born September 19, 1942) is an American singer and actress. Payne is best known for her career in music during the mid-1960s through the mid-1980s. Her most notable record is her 1970 hit single "Band of Gold". Payne was also an actress in musicals and film, as well as the host of a TV talk show. Payne is the older sister of Scherrie Payne, a former singer with the American vocal group the Supremes.
Biography
Early life and career
Payne was born in Detroit, Michigan, and grew up listening to jazz singers, such as Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday. As a teenager, she attended the Detroit Institute of Musical Arts; she soon began singing radio commercial jingles, and took part in (and won many) local TV and radio talent shows. In 1963, she moved to New York City and worked with many entertainers, including Quincy Jones, Pearl Bailey, and Bill Cosby. The next year, her debut album, a jazz recording with arranger Manny Albam entitled After the Lights Go Down Low and Much More!!! was released on the Impulse! label. (This album was re-issued on CD in Japan in early 2002, and again in the United States in 2005.) In 1965 she toured Europe for the first time recording an album in Sweden with Don Gardner and Bengt-Arne Wallin. In 1966, she released her second American album, again in the jazz idiom, How Do You Say I Don't Love You Anymore, for MGM Records. She also made occasional guest appearances on television shows including The Merv Griffin Show and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.
She added theatrical credits to her repertoire: she understudied Leslie Uggams for the Broadway show Hallelujah Baby in 1967, and appeared with the Equity Theatre in a production of Lost in the Stars. In 1969, her old friends back home in Detroit, Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, and Edward Holland, Jr., persuaded her to sign with their newly formed record label Invictus. During that same year, her first Invictus single, "Unhooked Generation" (a minor R&B hit), was released. Shortly thereafter, Eddie Holland offered her a song entitled "Band of Gold", which he along with Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier co-wrote (under the pen name Edythe Wayne) with Ronald Dunbar. In early 1970, the song became an instant pop smash reaching #3 in the US and #1 in the UK for six consecutive weeks; it also gave Payne her first gold record. Global sales were estimated at two million. An album of the same name proved to be fairly successful as well. Other Invictus singles included "Deeper and Deeper", which reached #24 in the US and #33 in the UK at the end of 1970; "You Brought the Joy", and the Vietnam War protest song "Bring the Boys Home" (U.S. Billboard Hot 100 #12, 1971), her second gold record. Her other Invictus albums were Contact (1971), The Best of Freda Payne (1972, a compilation which included four new, unissued songs), and her last Invictus album Reaching Out (1973).
In 1973, she left Invictus and recorded albums for ABC/Dunhill and Capitol, but she never found the commercial success that she had enjoyed with Invictus. She recorded a duet "I Wanna See You Soon" with Capitol stablemates Tavares. She released three disco albums for Capitol from 1977 to 1979, Stares and Whispers, Supernatural High and Hot. The first one features the disco hit "Love Magnet" produced by Frank Wilson (1977).
In 1981, she briefly hosted her own talk show Today's Black Woman, and also found work acting in different movies, Broadway and other theatre productions throughout the 1980s. Although she was concentrating more on acting by that time, she never gave up music; in 1982, she recorded a single entitled "In Motion" for the Sutra label in New York, and in 1986, she recorded a remake of her old hit "Band of Gold" with Belinda Carlisle. In 1990, she recorded three songs for Ian Levine's UK Motorcity label: another remake of "Band of Gold", "Memories and Souvenirs", and "Only Minutes Away". In the mid-1990s, she released three albums for Dove Music: The (Unauthorized) I Hate Barney Songbook: A Parody (1994), An Evening with Freda Payne: Live in Concert which featured her sister Scherrie Payne on background vocals, and her first (and only) Christmas album Christmas with Freda and Friends, which featured a duet between Freda and Scherrie (both 1996). She also continued her acting career appearing in the films, Private Obsession (1995), Ragdoll (1999) as the character Gran, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps (2000), and Fire & Ice (made-for-TV, 2001).
Later career
In early 2001, Payne released a new album entitled Come See About Me for the Volt Records label (the title track is a remake of the Supremes' hit). In early 2003, she performed in a show called Love & Payne, with Darlene Love at Feinstein's at the Regency in New York, and at the Cinegrill in the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, getting excellent reviews.
During the early 2000s, the following compilation albums of her music were released: Lost in Love (which includes nine of her post-Invictus recordings), Band of Gold: The Best of Freda Payne (both 2000), Unhooked Generation: The Complete Invictus Recordings (2001), and The Best of Freda Payne: Ten Best Series (2002). In late 2002, Payne appeared with many R&B stars on the "Rhythm, Love, and Soul" edition of the PBS series American Soundtrack. Her performance of "Band of Gold" was included on the accompanying live album that was released in 2004. On April 22, 2009, Payne appeared on American Idol and sang "Band of Gold".
In February 2010, Payne joined Kanye West, Jordin Sparks, Jennifer Hudson, Barbra Streisand and many more on We Are the World for Haiti Relief. In 2011, Payne recorded a duet, "Saving A Life", with British pop star Sir Cliff Richard for inclusion on his Soulicious album. She joined Richard on his "Soulicious" tour of the UK in October of the same year. She sang the new duet with Richard along with her own hit "Band of Gold".
In January 2018, she performed "A Tribute to Ella Fitzgerald", in the Sitnik Theatre of the Lackland Performing Arts Center, in Hackettstown, New Jersey.
Personal life and honors
Payne was married to American singer Gregory Abbott from 1976 until 1979. Payne and Abbott had a son, Gregory Abbott, Jr., who was born on September 19, 1977, Payne's 35th birthday. Payne later had a relationship with American musician Edmund Sylvers (lead singer of the Sylvers) from 1979 until January 1983. Sylvers wrote and produced her 1982 single "In Motion".
In 1974, she made the cover of Jet magazine after she was
appointed a Dame of Justice of the Order of St John of Jerusalem by the Prince of Rumania.
In 2017, Payne was inducted into the 2017 class of the Rhythm and Blues Music Hall of Fame, in her hometown of Detroit.
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
1965: Freda Payne in Stockholm' with Don Gardner Quintet with Dee Dee Ford and Jimmy Ricks (Swedish release 1965, USA release 1971)
1996: An Evening with Freda Payne: Live in Concert
1999: Live in Concert
Compilations albums
Singles
As a lead artist
As a featured artist
Filmography
Concerts
2006: Flashbacks: Soul Sensation – Compilation
2009: Freda Payne: High Standards with Stanley Turrentine and Jerome Richardson
2009: Live in Concert with The Stylistics
As an actress
1973: Book of Numbers
1997: Sprung
1999: Ragdoll
2000: Nutty Professor II: The Klumps
2001: Deadly Rhapsody
2007: Cordially Invited
2014: Ella: First Lady of Song
2014: The Divorce
2017: Kinky
See also
List of soul musicians
List of disco artists (F–K)
List of people from Detroit
List of acts who appeared on American Bandstand
List of people who appeared on Soul Train
List of performers on Top of the Pops
Notes
Biography
Discography
References
External links
Freda Payne biodata, mackavenue.com. Accessed April 3, 2022.
1942 births
Living people
African-American women singers
American women pop singers
American soul singers
Dames of Justice of the Order of St John
Actresses from Detroit
Northern soul musicians
Impulse! Records artists
MGM Records artists
Dunhill Records artists
Capitol Records artists
American film actresses
African-American television talk show hosts
American television talk show hosts
American women television personalities
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
African-American actresses
Singers from Detroit
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
Mildred Aldrich was an American journalist, editor, writer and translator. She spent her early career as a journalist and editor in Boston before moving to Paris, where she continued working as a foreign correspondent and translator. In 1914, shortly before the start of World War I, she retired to a house in the French countryside overlooking the Marne River valley. She published a novel and four accounts of her life based on collections of her letters written during the war years. In 1922, she was awarded the French Legion of Honour in recognition of her assistance to soldiers and refugees and the influence her books apparently had in persuading the United States government to declare war on Germany.
Biography
Mildred Aldrich was born on November 16, 1853, in Providence, Rhode Island, to Edwin and Lucy Ayers (Baker) Aldrich. She grew up in Boston and graduated from Everett High School in 1872. After teaching elementary school for a short time, she began her career in journalism.
She worked for 12 years as secretary to the manager of the Boston Home Journal and contributed articles using the pseudonym H. Quinn. In 1892, she founded and edited The Mahogany Tree, a weekly journal of ideas containing fiction, poetry, and drama and book reviews. She joined The Boston Journal in 1894 and moved the following year to the Boston Herald as a drama critic.
Aldrich moved to France in 1898, joining the circle of writers associated with fellow American expatriates Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas. Here she found a mixed portfolio of work as a foreign correspondent, a translator and an agent for US theatre producers, as well as a writer of articles for American magazines.
In July 1914 she moved to a house called La Creste (Hilltop) at Huiry, thirty miles east of Paris. "I have come to feel the need of calm and quiet - perfect peace" she wrote. Ironically, the First World War began three months later, and this site, with its clear view of the Marne River valley, would provide her greatest writing success. She had a birds-eye view of the first Battle of the Marne and began to write a series of letters about her life during the war. The letters were collected in four volumes. A Hilltop on the Marne (1915) was based on her journal entries and on letters she wrote to Gertrude Stein. It first appeared as a serialised account in the Atlantic Monthly. It was followed by On the Edge of the War Zone (1917), The Peak of the Load (1918) and When Johnny Comes Marching Home (1919). They are emotive first-person narratives, recollecting the individuals and events of Aldrich's own war years.
Aldrich's sole work of fiction, the novel Told in a French Garden, August, 1914, which describes a dinner party where nine guests each tell a story, was published in 1916.
She received the French Legion of Honor in 1922 for her war work and her influence on behalf of the US entry into the war.
A fund established in 1924 by her friends Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas helped support Aldrich in her final years.
In 1926 Aldrich completed an autobiography entitled Confessions of a Breadwinner, which resides in the collections of the Schlesinger Library at Harvard University. The book has never been published, but digital images of the typed manuscripts are displayed on the Harvard University website.
She suffered a heart attack and died on February 19, 1928, at the American Hospital in Neuilly. She is buried at the Church of St Denis (Cemetery of Quincy-Segy) in Quincy-Voisins, France.
Bibliography
Collections of letters
A Hilltop on the Marne (1915)
On the Edge of the War Zone (1917)
The Peak of the Load (1918)
When Johnny Comes Marching Home (1919)
Novel
Told In A French Garden, August 1914 (1916)
References
Slattery-Christy, David. Mildred on the Marne. Mildred Aldrich Frontline Witness 1914-1918. Spellmount/History Press, United Kingdom, 2013.
External links
Mildred Aldrich Papers. Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
Spartacus Educational
1853 births
1928 deaths
19th-century American writers
19th-century American women writers
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American women journalists
Francis Male was a rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL). Male played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1916–17 seasons.
References
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Place of birth missing
Rugby league halfbacks
"That Song Is Driving Me Crazy" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in May 1974 as the lead single from the album, Country Is. The song peaked at number 2 on both the U.S. and Canadian country singles charts.
Chart performance
References
External links
1974 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
1974 songs
Honnør Glacier () is a glacier flowing to the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica, to the north of the Byvågåsane Peaks. A glacier tongue extending seaward from this feature was mapped by the Lars Christensen Expedition 1936–37 and named Honnørbrygga (the honor wharf). The Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition, 1957–62, found the glacier tongue had broken off but amended the original naming to apply to the glacier.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
Nanjilnad (pronounced Nanjil Nadu) is a historical region corresponding to present-day Thovalai and Agastheeshwaram of Kanyakumari district. The name is derived from nanj, meaning 'plough', and nad, meaning 'land'. It was (and still is) an important centre of paddy (rice) cultivation. It is one of the five division of Venad (historical_region), which was divided for administrative purpose.
Five Thirupappur families ruled the five lands of Venad. The Nanjilnad was ruled from a palce in Panavilai in the south uphill of the Kottaaru harbour. Parts of Nanjil nadu was intermittenly ruled by Pandiyaas, and those lands were purchased by Venad before the declaration of Thivithaamcore Kingdom.
Tax revenue in Nanjil Nadu
The Kavalkinaru was the only gateway for the entire trade between Paandiya kingdom and Chaera Kingdom, and Kavalkinaru toll brought the kingdom a good revenue. The last chieftain of Kavalkinaru toll was Maathavadiyaan Thirupappur, whose family was staying in Vethakarakudieruppu.
The Vattakkottai was the storeyard of pearls and the fort was often taken over by Pandiyas and even europeans. With all that insurgence, vattakkottai was managed by Venad and it was another important source of tax revenue to Government.
Neeless to say the both taluks forms Nanjilnadu are fertile lands with paddyfields, coconut farms and of fishing hamlets, which too were formed a good part of Venad revenue.
The ships entering from the Arabian Sea to Kottaru harbour through the Palayaaru had to pay taxes based on the trade commodities. there were a minimum of 200 bullock carts came from Pandiya Elasa Naadu to Kottaru harbour to cross to the Kottaru market and to Vaniga Vizhai yard. At kottar St.Xaviers Church campus had a choultry belonging to Elasa Naadu which accommodated morethan 200 traders.
Vaniga Vizhai yard had the mass storage of timber, coconut and paddy besides other trade items.
The Nanjil Nadu tax revenue were stored in Kalasamirakki Kudieruppu east of Panavizhai Palace of Thirupappur Royals. Maaraveera Pandiyan Thirupappur followed by Ezha Marthandan Thirupappur(Swamiyadiyaar Thirupappur) and his tribes were managing the total tax revenue of Nanjil Nadu.
Safety of Traders
In the southern uphill of Kottaru harbour stationed an Army, and the place was called as Pattaazha Vizhai. The army was supported by 12 Aasaans who were managing the Panchavankaattu Chaalai(The University of 64 Arts). The army in Pattazha Vizhai was providing security to the Vaniga Vizhai Yard, Kalasamirakki Kudieruppu treasury, the Kottaru Harbour & Market, the Kavalkinaru Toll and the Vattakkottai pearl storage.
From Vaniga Vizhai, there always had Bullock Cart industry which had 7 units each was specialising in making different parts of the Cart. Later some of the units were shifted near Chettikkulam and in the eastern gate of the harbour.
See also
Kanyakumari district
References
Historical Indian regions
Kanyakumari district
Saltney Ferry (Mold Junction) railway station was located on the western edge of the village of Saltney, Flintshire (now effectively a suburb of Chester).
History
Opened 1 June 1891 by the London and North Western Railway, it was served by what is now the North Wales coastline between Chester, Cheshire and Holyhead, Anglesey. The station was the most eastern one on the line to be found in Wales, being just from the English border. The single island platform was reached by steps down from the road bridge.
Although technically on the North Wales Line the station was, for all practical purposes, on the Chester to Denbigh branch line as trains from the station generally only used the smaller line. The station however would have been busy with railway workers as the Mold Junction Motive power depot and employee cottages was right next to it. The station closed on 30 April 1962 and nothing of it remains, although the depot is still there.
References
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Flintshire
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1891
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
Hoštice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Hoštice (Kroměříž District), a village in the Zlín Region
Hoštice (Strakonice District), a village in the South Bohemian Region
Hoštice-Heroltice, a village and municipality (obec) in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic
Alternatively:
Horní Hoštice (Javorník)
Střelské Hoštice
Šumavské Hoštice
Velké Hoštice
See also:
Hostice
WNLK (1350 AM; "Veritas Catholic Radio") is a radio station licensed to serve Norwalk, Connecticut. The station broadcasts brokered Christian radio programming. WNLK is owned by Veritas Catholic Network, Inc., after being sold by Cox Radio, Inc. in 2011 and initially operated by Sacred Heart via a local marketing agreement; prior to 2011, WNLK and WSTC simulcast a commercial news/talk format. On January 25, 2016, WNLK dropped its public radio simulcast with WSHU (1260 AM) and went silent, and then returned to the air on June 1, 2016, with a brokered religious format.
The station has been assigned the WNLK call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since it was first licensed.
References
External links
NLK
Mass media in Stamford, Connecticut
Radio stations established in 1948
1948 establishments in Connecticut
NLK
Hugh Royer III (born February 13, 1964) is an American professional golfer and golf instructor. He is the son of Hugh Royer Jr., who played on the PGA Tour for 14 years and won the 1970 Western Open.
Royer was born in Columbus, Georgia. He spent the majority of his childhood traveling with his father on Tour and dreamed of following in his father's footsteps from an early age.
Royer received a scholarship to Mississippi State University where he played for two years. In those two seasons, Royer had one tournament win and seven top-10 finishes, and held the low stroke average each year. He then transferred to Columbus State University for his junior and senior years, where his father served as head golf coach. He was NCAA Division II Player of the Year and First Team All-American in 1985 and 1986. He was named 1987 Amateur Player of the Year by the Carolinas Golf Reporter.
In the summer following his senior year at CSU, he won the Georgia State Amateur Championship by one stroke over Allen Doyle. Two weeks later, he defeated Doyle again in the Southeastern Amateur by five strokes setting a record at 20 under par - a record that still stands. Because of open-heart surgery, Royer was forced to withdraw from the U.S. Amateur later that year. Shortly after his recovery and rehabilitation, Royer won the Azalea Amateur Invitational in Charleston, South Carolina in a playoff and won the Western Amateur. This gave the Western Golf Association the only father-son combination to win the Open and Amateur in their history.
Royer turned professional in 1987. He competed on the South African Tour for six years, where he had one tournament win and several runner-up finishes.
He started playing on the Nike Tour in 1991 and won his first title in 1993 in Florence, South Carolina at the Nike South Carolina Classic. Later that year, he won again in Texarkana, Arkansas at the Nike Texarkana Open. In 1995, he won the Nike Dominion Open and the Nike Permian Basin Open. Royer gained his PGA Tour card that year and retained it until 1998. He had four top-10 finishes. He competed on the Nationwide Tour in 1999 and 2000 before retiring.
Learning the game from his father and some top instructors gave Royer the desire to teach the game to others, especially to those who desire to play professionally. Royer's knowledge of the game, in addition to his playing experience, provided him with an adequate teaching philosophy that has proven successful among his own stable of students.
Royer worked for three years at the International Junior Golf Academy on Hilton Head Island where he trained the 2005 U.S. Girls' Junior champion, In-Kyung Kim, among other successful junior and collegiate players.
In 2007, Royer opened the Champions Golf Academy at the Long Bay Club in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The Champions Golf Academy is a specialized golf academy that provides instruction and individualized training programs for players of all levels, gap-year students, collegiate players, and amateurs.
Royer was inducted into the Columbus State University Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000.
Royer and his wife, Heather, reside in Myrtle Beach, and have five children: Leighanne, Sydney, Brai, Abbey and Hugh Royer IV.
Amateur wins
1985 NCAA Division II Championship
1986 Georgia State Amateur, Southeastern Amateur
1987 Azalea Invitational, Western Amateur
Professional wins (5)
Sunshine Tour wins (1)
1991 Hollard Royal Swazi Sun Classic
Nike Tour wins (4)
Nike Tour playoff record (1–0)
See also
1995 Nike Tour graduates
1997 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
List of golfers with most Web.com Tour wins
External links
Champions Golf Academy in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
American male golfers
Mississippi State Bulldogs golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Sportspeople from Columbus, Georgia
1964 births
Living people
In enzymology, a threonine racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-threonine D-threonine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-threonine, and one product, D-threonine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is threonine racemase.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Nup End may refer to:
Nup End, Buckinghamshire, England
Nup End, Hertfordshire, England
Lahore Bar Association is a professional organization of lawyers in Lahore, Pakistan. Its members historically played a major role in the Pakistani independence movement.
See also
Punjab Bar Council
Lahore High Court Bar Association
Pakistan Bar Council
Lahore High Court
References
Punjab Bar Council
Hardin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 3,649, making it the least populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Elizabethtown. Hardin County is located in the part of the state known as Little Egypt. Hardin County was named for Hardin County, Kentucky, which was named in honor of Colonel John Hardin, an officer in the American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War.
History
Hardin County was formed in 1839 from Pope County. Additional area was later added from Gallatin County. Hardin County was named for Hardin County, Kentucky, which was named in honor of Colonel John Hardin, an officer in the American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War. Hardin was murdered by Shawnee Indians while he was on a peace mission in 1792 for President George Washington, in what is now Shelby County, Ohio. In the 1790s and early 1800s, the Hardin County area, especially Cave-In-Rock, was notorious as a stronghold used by outlaws, bandits, river pirates, and counterfeiters.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Illinois by area.
Hicks Dome () is a geological feature in Hardin County. The Hicks Dome is underlain by ultramafic igneous rocks and igneous diatremes or breccia pipes. Most geologists accept the theory that the older rocks at the center of the uplift are a result of this deep-seated igneous activity. This activity may also have provided the fluorine in the fluorspar deposits in the region. Fluorspar, or calcium fluoride, was mined in Hardin County until the early 1990s.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Elizabethtown have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Adjacent counties
Gallatin County - north
Union County, Kentucky - east
Crittenden County, Kentucky - south
Livingston County, Kentucky - southwest
Pope County - west
Saline County - northwest
Major highways
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 34
Illinois Route 146
National protected area
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 4,320 people, 1,915 households, and 1,234 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 2,488 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3% white, 0.6% American Indian, 0.5% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.5% were Irish, 23.8% were German, 10.4% were English, and 4.3% were American.
Of the 1,915 households, 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.9% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.6% were non-families, and 31.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.78. The median age was 46.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,578 and the median income for a family was $38,576. Males had a median income of $42,955 versus $26,683 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,515. About 17.4% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.4% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Rosiclare
Villages
Cave-In-Rock
Elizabethtown
Unincorporated communities
Cadiz
Eichorn
Finneyville
Gross
Hicks
Karbers Ridge
Lamb
Loves Corner
Peters Creek
Rock Creek
Saline Landing
Shetlerville
Sparks Hill
Precincts
Cave-In-Rock Precinct
East Rosiclare Precinct
McFarlan Precinct
Monroe Precinct
Rock Precinct
Rosiclare Precinct
Stone Church Precinct
West Rosiclare Precinct
Ghost towns
Battery Rock
Chambers Creek
Fairview Landing
Grosville
Hall Ridge
Hester
Illinois Furnace
Lambtown
Martha Furnace
McFarlan
Parkinson's Landing
Robin's Ferry
Sellers
Sellers Landing
Twitchell's Mills
Wolrab Mills
Notable people
James Ford (1775-1833), civic leader and secret criminal leader of a gang of Ohio River pirates and highwaymen
James Karber (1914–1976), Illinois lawyer, businessman, and politician
Isaiah L. Potts (1784?-after 1843), tavern keeper of the notorious Potts Tavern who, allegedly, ran a gang of pirates and highwaymen
Jennifer Rhodes (1947-), television and film actress from Rosiclare
Sturdivant Gang, 19th century counterfeiters in Rosiclare
Politics
In its early history, Hardin County was opposed to the “Yankee” Republican Party and its Civil War against the South – with whom it was closely allied both culturally and economically. It did not vote for a Republican presidential candidate until Theodore Roosevelt's 1904 landslide.
Since 1904, however, Hardin County has turned powerfully Republican. Like the nearby counties of Johnson, Massac and Pope, it managed to remain loyal to William Howard Taft during the 1912 election when the Republican Party was mortally divided. Hardin County would next be carried by a Democratic presidential candidate in Franklin D. Roosevelt's 1932 landslide victory, and not after that until Lyndon Johnson in 1964. The county did trend Democratic in the following three decades, actually voting more Democratic than the nation at-large between 1972 and 1996. Nonetheless, since 2000 Hardin County has followed the same political trajectory as Tennessee, Missouri, Kentucky, West Virginia and Appalachian regions of adjacent states, whereby the Democratic Party's liberal views on social issues have produced dramatic swings to the Republican Party amongst It's almost entirely Southern white population. The past six Presidential elections have observed a swing totalling 79 percentage points to the GOP, with Hillary Clinton in 2016 receiving barely half the proportion of the worst-performing Democrat from before 2010.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hardin County, Illinois
References
History of Hardin County
External links
Hardin County tourism page
Harden County History
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Illinois counties on the Ohio River
Hardin County, Illinois
James William McKay (12 July 1921 – 15 October 1997) was an Irish rugby union player who played for Ireland, the British Lions and the Barbarians during the 1940s and 1950s.
Early life
McKay served during the Second World War, including with the Chindits unit. He studied at Coleraine Academy and then the Queen's University, Belfast and played rugby for Queen's University RFC.
Rugby career
McKay made his first appearance for Ireland opening match of the 1947 Five Nations Championship against France. He played in every one of Ireland's matches during the Championship, a feat which he repeated in Ireland's Grand Slam championship win in 1948 and their championship win and Triple Crown in 1949. He did likewise in 1950 and was selected for the British Lions team for their tour to New Zealand and Australia. McKay featured in all six Test matches during the tour, four against New Zealand and two against Australia. He also featured in nine other games during the tour against local opposition, scoring ten tries during the tour, the most of any forward. He again featured in all four of Ireland's matches during the 1951 Five Nations Championship, which saw Ireland win their third championship in four years. His final game for Ireland came against France in January 1952. In total, McKay won 23 caps for Ireland.
McKay twice played for Ulster against international opposition, against Australia in 1947 and South Africa in 1951. He also played three games for the Barbarians invitational team, against Cardiff RFC and Swansea RFC in 1948 and against East Midlands in 1951.
Following completion of his studies at Queen's University, Belfast, McKay qualified as a doctor and decided to emigrate to New Zealand.
References
1921 births
1997 deaths
Barbarian F.C. players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Ireland
Ireland international rugby union players
Queen's University RFC players
Rugby union players from Waterford (city)
Rugby union flankers
The Palace of Firebirds ( ) is a 2016 book, by Tymo Lin (Chinese: 提子墨), This is a mystery and love story spanning half a century. From the modern computer age back to those years when thousands upon thousands of US Armed Forces from the Vietnam War were taking R&R in Taiwan.
Four individuals from the younger generation: a one-time IT management director now a telemarketer; a home-geek romance novelist; a former female superstar; a scammer with a soft heart and a villain's face join forces in an odyssey across Taiwan.
Their lives have intersected with an advanced cancer patient "Ms. Hu" - known as "Christina", one of the first Jazz singers in Taipei's American club back in 1966.
In search of the American Sergeant, "Ryan Jenkins", from San Francisco who disappeared and a long-lost mixed little boy, Oliver Hu-Jenkins, they started an "Oliver Mission" journey on a scrapped blood donation bus named "Phoenix".
From north to south, from beautiful cities and counties to an aboriginal tribal village... they travel through Taiwan searching for the missing boy, Oliver, and a secret promised land, "The Palace of Firebirds".
On the journey, they use modern computing, networking, hacking, and cyber man hunting technologies to look for the boy who disappeared without a trace.
In the meantime each of them found an important missing piece in their own lives and a meaningful lesson for their future...
This novel is currently in circulation at the "San Francisco Public Library" in the states.
References
Taiwanese mystery novels
Taiwanese romance novels
2016 Taiwanese novels
Mršinci () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 1,264 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Military Assistance Advisory Group (MAAG) is a designation for the United States military advisors sent to other countries to assist in the training of conventional armed forces and facilitate military aid. Although numerous MAAGs operated around the world throughout the 1940s–1970s, including in Yugoslavia after 1951, the most famous MAAGs were those active in Southeast Asia before and during the Vietnam War. Typically, the personnel of MAAGs were considered to be technical staff attached to, and enjoying the privileges of, the US diplomatic mission in a country. "The special status of personnel serving in Military Advisory Assistance Groups (MAAG) results from their position as an integral part of the Embassy of the United States where they perform duty." Although the term is not as widespread as it once was, the functions performed by MAAGs continue to be performed by successor organizations attached to embassies, often called United States Military Groups (USMILGP or MILGRP). The term MAAG may still occasionally be used for such organizations helping promote military partnerships with several Latin American countries such as Peru and the Dominican Republic as well as in African countries such as Liberia.
MAAG Indochina; MAAG Vietnam
In September 1950, US President Harry Truman sent the Military Assistance Advisory Group (MAAG) to Vietnam to assist the French in the First Indochina War. The President claimed they were not sent as combat troops, but to supervise the use of $10 million worth of US military equipment to support the French in their effort to fight the Viet Minh forces. By 1953, aid increased dramatically to $350 million to replace old military equipment owned by the French.
The French Army, however, was reluctant to take U.S. advice, and would not allow the Vietnamese army to be trained to use the new equipment, because it went against French policy. They were supposed to not only defeat enemy forces but to solidify themselves as a colonial power, and they could not do this with a Vietnamese army. French commanders were so reluctant to accept advice that would weaken the time-honored colonial role that they got in the way of the various attempts by the MAAG to observe where the equipment was being sent and how it was being used. Eventually, the French decided to cooperate, but at that point, it was too late.By 1954, the United States had spent $1 billion in support of the French military effort, shouldering 80 percent of the cost of the war.
In 1954 the commanding general of French forces in Indochina, General Henri Navarre, allowed the United States to send liaison officers to Vietnamese forces. But it was too late, because of the siege and fall of Dien Bien Phu in the spring. As stated by the Geneva Accords, France was forced to surrender the northern half of Vietnam and to withdraw from South Vietnam by April 1956.
At a conference in Washington, D.C. on February 12, 1955, between officials of the U.S. State Department and the French Minister of Overseas Affairs, it was agreed that all U.S. aid would be funneled directly to South Vietnam and that all major military responsibilities would be transferred from the French to the MAAG under the command of Lieutenant General John O'Daniel. MAAG Indochina was renamed the MAAG Vietnam on November 1,1955, as the United States became more deeply involved in what would come to be known as the Vietnam War.
The next few years saw the rise of a Communist insurgency in South Vietnam, and President Diem looked increasingly to US military assistance to strengthen his position, albeit with certain reservations. Attacks on US military advisors in Vietnam became more frequent. On October 22, 1957, MAAG Vietnam and USIS installations in Saigon were bombed, injuring US military advisors. In the summer of 1959, Communist guerrillas staged an attack on a Vietnamese military base in Bien Hoa, killing and wounding several MAAG personnel. During this time, American advisors were not put in high-ranking positions, and President Diem was reluctant to allow American advisors into Vietnamese tactical units. He was afraid that the United States would gain control or influence over his forces if Americans got into the ranks of the army. The first signs that his position was beginning to shift came in 1960, when the number of official US military advisors in the country was increased from 327 to 685 at the request of the South Vietnamese government. By 1961, communist guerrillas were becoming stronger and more active. This increased enemy contacts in size and intensity throughout South Vietnam. At this point, Diem was under pressure from US authorities to liberalize his regime and implement reforms. Although key elements in the US administration were resisting his requests for increased military funding and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) troop ceilings, MAAG Vietnam played a significant role in advocating for a greater US presence in the country. Throughout this period relations between the MAAG Vietnam and Diem were described as "excellent", even though the advisors were doubtful of his ability to hold off the insurgency.
Newly elected President John F. Kennedy agreed with MAAG Vietnam's calls for increases in ARVN troop levels and the U.S. military commitment in both equipment and men. In response, Kennedy provided $28.4 million in funding for ARVN, and overall military aid increased from $50 million per year to $144 million in 1961. In the first year of the Kennedy administration, MAAG Vietnam worked closely with administration officials, USOM, and the US Information Service to develop a counterinsurgency plan (CIP). The CIP's main initiatives included the strengthening of ARVN to combat the Communist insurgency, which had the corollary effect of strengthening Diem's political position. At the same time President Diem agreed to the assignment of advisors to battalion level, significantly increasing the number of advisors; from 746 in 1961 to over 3,400 before MAAG Vietnam was placed under U.S. Military Assistance Command Vietnam (MACV) and renamed the Field Advisory Element, Vietnam. At the peak of the war in 1968, 9,430 US Army personnel, along with smaller numbers of US Navy, US Marine Corps, US Air Force and Australian Army personnel acted as advisors down to the district and battalion level to train, advise and mentor the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN), Republic of Vietnam Marine Corps, Republic of Vietnam Navy and the Republic of Vietnam Air Force.
MAAG Indochina had three commanders: BG Francis G. Brink (who committed suicide at The Pentagon on 24 June 1952), October 1950 – June 1952; MG Thomas J. H. Trapnell, June 1952 – April 1954; and LTG John W. O'Daniel, April 1954 – November 1955. MAAG Vietnam was commanded by LTG Samuel T. Williams, November 1955 – September 1960; LTG Lionel C. McGarr, September 1960 – January 1962; and GEN Paul D. Harkins, January 1962 – June 1964.
MAAG Thailand
As part of the military outreach of the USA to friendly countries in Southeast Asia, a MAAG was established in Bangkok, Thailand in September 1950 with Brigadier general John T. Cole as Group Chief.
It was replaced by the Joint United States Military Advisory Group Thailand in September 1953, which has operated until today.
MAAG Laos
MAAG Laos was preceded by the Programs Evaluation Office, established on 15 December 1955. Due to the limitations emplaced by international treaty, the PEO was set up with civilian personnel instead of a MAAG with military staff. When political changes superseded the treaty, MAAG Laos was established in 1961 to replace the Programs Evaluation Office in its support of the Royal Lao Army's fight against the communist Pathet Lao. On July 23, 1962, several interested countries agreed in Geneva to guarantee the neutrality and independence of Laos. As such, the US removed the MAAG, replacing it with a Requirements Office, which served as a convenient cover for the CIA activities.
One of MAAG Laos' commanders was Reuben Tucker.
MAAG Cambodia
MAAG Cambodia was established on June 4, 1955, pursuant to the United States-Royal Government of Cambodia agreement of May 16, 1955. This agreement included the introduction of high-ranking US military personnel to advise the Cambodian armed forces as non-combatants. The advisory group was staffed mainly by army personnel, with smaller contingents of navy and air force personnel.
As Cambodia's leadership took an official policy of neutrality in the Cold War, MAAG Cambodia's involvement in the country was terminated on November 20, 1963, by General Order 6, MAAG Cambodia, following the Cambodian government's cancellation of all U.S. aid.
MAAG, Republic of China
From 1951 until 1978, there was a Military Assistance Advisory Group to the Republic of China in Taiwan. From 1955, operational U.S. joint combat forces operating alongside the advisory group were directed by the United States Taiwan Defense Command.
The Military Assistance Advisory Group, Taiwan, commanded by Army Major General William C. Chase, was authorized 67 Army, 4 Navy and 63 Air Force personnel. Under the group's joint headquarters were Army, Navy and Air Force sections. General Chase arrived at Taipei, Taiwan, on 1 May 1951 to begin carrying out his duties as the military member of a team, which was charged with insuring that all assistance granted the Chinese Nationalists was in furtherance of the United States foreign policy.
After its arrival at Taiwan, the advisory group was reorganized and expanded. The original three Service sections proved inadequate, so a joint technical service section was created as a counterpart to, and for advising, the Nationalist Army's Combined Service Force, which comprised the medical, signal, engineer, ordnance, transportation, chemical, and quartermaster services. A Headquarters Commandant, on the same level as the four section chiefs, was made responsible for the routine tasks necessary to support the group. Military Assistance Advisory Group officers assisted their counterparts within the Nationalist Ministry of National Defense and the general headquarters. Special teams were created as needed to provide aid at service schools and in tactical units.
On September 3, 1954, fourteen 120mm and 155mm Chinese Communist artillery in Xiamen (Amoy) and Dadeng (Tateng) fired six thousand rounds at the Kinmen (Quemoy) Islands in a five-hour period. Two Americans of the US Military Assistance Advisory Group, Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Medendorp and Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynn, were killed in the shelling. Memorial cenotaphs were erected for the officers on Greater Kinmen by the ROC Army Kinmen Defense Command (陸軍金門防衛指揮部) in 1992 and 2011 respectively. Lt. Col. Alfred Medendorp () was posthumously awarded the Order of the Cloud and Banner in November 1954.
General Chase retired in 1955 at which time he was succeeded by U.S. Brigadier General Lester Bork. In 1967, Major General Richard Ciccolella commanded the MAAG. By this time, the CINCPAC Command History for 1967 gives the title as "MAAG China".
American military advisors were tasked with providing arms and military advice, assisting with Taiwanese military training, implementation of the Sino-American Mutual Defense Treaty, maintaining military contacts, and monitoring Republic of China forces. In 1957 there were 10,000 Americans in Taiwan, the great majority being CIA and military personnel and their families.
Since 1979, the site of MAAG headquarters in Taipei has been occupied by American Institute in Taiwan/Taipei Main Office, which moved to a new office complex in 2019. The American Club Taipei currently occupies the former site of the MAAG NCO Open Mess - Club 63.
Notes
References
Conboy, Kenneth and James Morrison (1995), Shadow War: The CIA's Secret War in Laos. Paladin Press. .
Further reading
Bryan Gibby, "American Advisors to the Republic of Korea: America's First Commitment in the Cold War, 1946–1950", pp. 81–110, in
External links
Military units and formations of the United States in the Vietnam War
United States military presence in other countries
United States Security Assistance Organizations
Journal of Career Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Ryan D. Duffy (University of Florida). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Topics include:
Career assessment strategies
Developments in instrumentation
Validation of theoretical constructs
Relationships between existing instruments
Career assessment procedures
Relationships between assessment and career counseling/development
Review articles of career assessment strategies and techniques
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Career Assessment is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.626, ranking it 44 out of 82 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Applied'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
N-Methylarginine is an inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase. Chemically, it is a methyl derivative of the amino acid arginine. It is used as a biochemical tool in the study of physiological role of nitric oxide.
The inhibiting effect of N-methylarginine on vasodilation is lower in hypertensive patients than in normal subjects, indicating endothelial dysfunction. The inhibiting effect of N-methylarginine on vasodilation declines progressively with age, but has been restored with vitamin C in the oldest subjects.
An example of N-methylarginine soluble form, that has been used in a number of clinical research trials can be found here.
See also
Asymmetric dimethylarginine
References
Amino acids
Guanidines
Sretkovo () is a village in the municipality of Mavrovo and Rostuša, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 25 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 25
References
Villages in Mavrovo and Rostuša Municipality
Xihe (西河村) is a small village in the Gong'an County of Hubei in China. It had a population of 390 and an elevation 34m
References
Village-level divisions of Hubei
Jingzhou
Mutsuko Nagata (永田睦子, born 16 September 1976) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Rubén Rivera Corral (born 3 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Coruña Montañeros CF as a forward.
Club career
Rivera was born in A Coruña, Galicia. A product of Deportivo de La Coruña's youth academy, he appeared only once for its first team in the league, featuring 33 minutes in a 0–0 La Liga home draw against Levante UD on 18 February 2007. He scored once in the Copa del Rey for them, in the 4–1 home victory over Real Valladolid in the quarter-finals.
Subsequently, Rivera all but competed in the Spanish lower leagues, mainly with neighbouring Montañeros CF. From 2012 to 2014 he played in the Austrian Football Bundesliga, in representation of Wolfsberger AC and FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
Rivera returned to his country in 2014 January transfer window, signing for Segunda División B club CD Leganés on loan. In the following years, he represented a host of teams at that level but also in Tercera División.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from A Coruña
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Deportivo Fabril players
Deportivo de La Coruña players
CD Leganés players
Real Avilés CF footballers
Coruxo FC players
CD Boiro footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Wolfsberger AC players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Austria
The Baby Squad is a football hooligan firm linked to the English Premier League team, Leicester City.
History
The Baby Squad has had a number of fights with the Chelsea Headhunters who follow Chelsea. In August 2000, Leicester were listed as the 7th most violent football club in England and Wales. In November 2001, the Baby Squad were ambushed by hooligans from Luton Town, called the MiGs, at Leicester railway station before police split up the two groups.
In February 2008, eleven men were arrested after up to 100 hooligans were involved in running battles between fans from Leicester City and Coventry City outside a pub in Coventry. Police confiscated knives and one man suffered minor head injuries.
The week before the incident with Coventry fans, 13 men were arrested after clashes between fans from Leicester and Norwich in which some men sustained minor injuries.
References
Further reading
Nicholls, Andy (2005). Hooligans: A-L of Britain's Football Gangs, Milo Books,
Leicester City F.C.
British football hooligan firms
Gangs in England
Infernovenator is a genus of Carboniferous lysorophian recumbirostran from the Mazon Creek lagerstätte in Illinois, U.S. It was described in 2019.
History of study
The holotype, now reposited at the Field Museum, was previously described by Godfrey (1997) as an aïstopod, Phlegethontia longissama. Redescription of the specimen led to its identification as a new lysorophian taxon. Infernovenator is represented only by the holotype, a nearly complete skeleton. The genus name is given for the Latin infernum ("hell") to refer to the fossorial habitats of the taxon and venator ("hunter"). The species name honors paleontologist Margaret Clair Steen Brough.
Anatomy
Infernovenator is diagnosed by a unique combination of features: (1) 61 presacral vertebrae; (2) a triangular postfrontal that contacts the tabular; (3) a circumorbital series formed by the prefrontal, the postfrontal, the lacrimal, and the maxilla; and (4) an ossified septomaxilla. Features shared with the lysorophian Brachydectes and not with other recumbirostrans include: (1) postorbital absent and cheek emargination present; (2) bar-like tabular-squamosal complex; and (3) short and robust dentary.
Taxonomy
Below is the strict consensus topology recovered from the maximum parsimony analysis of Mann et al. (2019):
References
Carboniferous amphibians of North America
Lepospondyli
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Spinney may refer to:
A copse or thicket
People
Art Spinney (1927–1994), American football guard
Caroll Spinney (1933–2019), American puppeteer and cartoonist
Edgar Keith Spinney, (1851–1926), Canadian politician
Franklin C. Spinney (born 1945), American military analyst, author of the "Spinney Report"
George Wilbur Spinney (1889–1948), president of Bank of Montreal
Places
Spinney (Kettering BC Ward), an electoral ward in Northamptonshire, England
Spinney Abbey, a former monastery in Cambridgeshire, England
Spinney Hill, an area of Northampton, England
Spinney Hills, an area of Leicester, England
Spinney Hills, East Quogue, a leisure area in New York state
Spinney Mountain State Park, a state park in Colorado
The Spinney Local Nature Reserve, a reserve in Carshalton, London
Round Spinney, a locality in Northampton, England
Other uses
Spinneys, a supermarket chain
Empire Spinney, a ship built in 1941
See also
Spiny (disambiguation)
Heal the Living () is a 2016 drama film directed by Katell Quillévéré from a screenplay she co-wrote with Gilles Taurand, based on the 2013 novel Réparer les vivants (Mend the Living) by Maylis de Kerangal. It stars Tahar Rahim, Emmanuelle Seigner, Anne Dorval, Bouli Lanners and Kool Shen. Heal the Living interweaves three stories connected to each other via an organ transplant. The film was presented in the Horizons section at the 73rd Venice International Film Festival.
Cast
Critical response
Heal the Living has a 92% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 59 reviews, with an average rating of 7.6/10, and an 82/100 on Metacritic based on 12 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
Variety described the film as "sublimely compassionate, heart-crushing". Screendaily said the film is "an emotionally satisfying, cinematically deft look at interwoven fates...which knits together quietly luminous performances".
Accolades
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
2010s French-language films
Belgian drama films
Films based on French novels
Films directed by Katell Quillévéré
Films scored by Alexandre Desplat
French drama films
Medical-themed films
French-language Belgian films
2010s French films
Herochroma cristata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by William Warren in 1905. It is found in China (Hainan, Guangxi, Sichuan), Taiwan, north-eastern India, Bhutan, Nepal, Thailand, northern Vietnam and Indonesia.
Subspecies
Herochroma cristata cristata (Warren, 1905)
Herochroma cristata rubicunda Inoue 1999
References
Moths described in 1905
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Moths of Indonesia
Moths of Taiwan
William Curle was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath, Abercorn and Albion Rovers as a centre forward. He also played in the Football League for Woolwich Arsenal.
Career statistics
Honours
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
1884 births
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Footballers from Glasgow
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Rutherglen Glencairn F.C. players
Abercorn F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Year of death missing
Bathgate F.C. players
Renton F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Lesotho is the United Kingdom's diplomatic representative to the Kingdom of Lesotho.
History
In 2005 the British Government closed its High Commission in Maseru, and from then until 2019 British interests in Lesotho were represented by the British High Commissioner to South Africa. The High Commission in Maseru reopened in May 2019 with a resident High Commissioner.
List of heads of mission
High Commissioners to Lesotho
1966–1970: Ian Watt
1970–1973: Harry Bass
1973–1976: Martin Moynihan
1976–1978: Reginald Hobden
1978–1981: Owen Griffith
1981–1984: Clive Clemens
1984–1988: Peter Rosling
1988–1991: John Edwards
1992–1996: Roy Cowling
1996–1999: Peter Smith
1999–2002: Kaye Oliver
2002–2005: Frank Martin
2005–2009: Paul Boateng (non-resident)
2009–2013: Dame Nicola Brewer (non-resident)
2013–2017: Dame Judith Macgregor (non-resident)
2017–2019: Nigel Casey (non-resident)
2019–: Anne Macro
References
Lesotho
United Kingdom
Lesotho and the Commonwealth of Nations
United Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Nations
Stewart County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,058. The county seat is Lumpkin. The county was created on December 23, 1830.
History
The area was inhabited by Native Americans for thousands of years in the Pre-Columbian period. Roods Landing site on the Chattahoochee River is a significant archaeological site located south of Omaha. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, it includes major earthwork mounds built about 1100-1350 CE by peoples of the sophisticated Mississippian culture. Another Mississippian site is the Singer Moye Mounds, located in the southern part of the county.
The first Europeans to encounter the Native Americans were Spanish explorers in the mid-16th century. At that time the historical Creek tribe inhabited the southern two thirds of what is now defined as Georgia, west of the Low Country. they are believed to be the descendants of the Mississippian culture.
They maintained their territory until after European American settlers arrived in increasing number in the early decades of the 19th century. The ensuing conflicts ultimately resulted in most of the Creek people's being driven out of the region. In the 1830s under Indian removal, the US federal government forced most Creek to relocate west of the Mississippi River, to Indian Territory in what became present-day Oklahoma.
Stewart County was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 23, 1830, from land that had been part of Randolph County, Georgia. The county is named for Daniel Stewart, a Revolutionary War veteran, and fighter against American Indians. He was one of the four great-grandfathers of U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt.
Settlers developed the area as large cotton plantations, part of the "Black Belt" of Georgia and the Deep South. Before the American Civil War, planters depended on enslaved labor of thousands of African Americans to cultivate and process the cotton for market. Mostly born in the United States, the slaves were transported from the Upper South, with many families broken up when some members were purchased through sales in the domestic slave trade.
In 1850, the county reached its peak in wealth as one of the largest cotton producers in the state. It had the tenth-largest population of any county in the state, with 16,027 people. African-American slaves numbered 7,373, or 46% of the population.
By 1860, the county population was 13,422. The apparent drop was due to the counties of Kinchafoonee (later Webster County) and Quitman being created from Stewart County territory in 1853 and 1858, respectively. There were 5,534 slaves in the redefined Stewart County, constituting more than one-third of the population.
After the war and emancipation, cotton continued as the major commodity crop and additional territory was developed by planters for cultivation. Many freedmen became sharecroppers and tenant farmers in the area, which was agricultural for decades, but in decline. Stewart County lost its premier position when it was bypassed by developing railroads, which went to the north and south. It did not have railroad access until 1885.
Inappropriate farming practices and over-cultivation of cotton from before the Civil War led to extensive land erosion by the early 20th century. Together with mechanization of agriculture and damage due to infestation by the boll weevil, there were losses in this part of the economy. Population declined. Up to the mid century, many blacks left the area in two waves of the Great Migration, seeking escape from Jim Crow conditions, and jobs and better lives in northern and midwestern industrial cities. Farmers shifted to cultivating peanuts and later pine trees to reclaim and restore the land. Population losses continued throughout the 20th century, as the forest and lumber industry did not require as many laborers.
In 1965, some of the towns in the county began to redevelop their historic properties to attract tourists and expand the economy. Lumpkin, Omaha and Louvale all had relatively intact historic properties and commercial districts. Green Grove is an historic African-American community established by freedmen after the Civil War. Stewart was the first rural county in the state to use historic preservation and Main Street redevelopment to support heritage tourism.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The county is mainly located in the upper Gulf coastal plain region of the state, with a few hills due to its close proximity to the fall line.
The vast majority of Stewart County is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). Just the very eastern edge of the county, bordered by a north-to-south line running through Richland, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the same ACF Basin, with the very southeastern corner located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 280
State Route 1
State Route 1 Connector
State Route 27
State Route 39
State Route 39 Connector
State Route 39 Spur
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Chattahoochee County (north)
Webster County (east)
Randolph County (south)
Quitman County (southwest)
Barbour County, Alabama (west/CST Border)
Russell County, Alabama (northwest/CST Border except for Phenix City as the city is jointed by the Columbus Metropolitan Area)
National protected area
Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 5,314 people, 1,816 households, and 1,138 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,058 people, 1,862 households, and 1,187 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,383 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 47.3% black or African American, 28.0% white, 0.7% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 22.8% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 24.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 6.8% were English, 6.3% were German, and 4.9% were American.
Of the 1,862 households, 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.4% were married couples living together, 21.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.3% were non-families, and 32.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 37.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,954 and the median income for a family was $41,673. Males had a median income of $29,936 versus $29,653 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,612. About 18.5% of families and 24.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.1% of those under age 18 and 20.2% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,252 people, 2,007 households, and 1,348 families living in the county. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 2,354 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 61.54% Black or African American, 37.11% White, 0.25% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.11% from other races, and 0.82% from two or more races. 1.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,007 households, out of which 27.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.50% were married couples living together, 23.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.80% were non-families. 29.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the age distribution of the population shows 24.90% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 18.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,789, and the median income for a family was $29,611. Males had a median income of $27,568 versus $19,035 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,071. About 17.20% of families and 22.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.40% of those under age 18 and 21.90% of those age 65 or over.
Parks and recreation
Florence Marina State Park and Providence Canyon State Park are located in Stewart County.
About of the Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge are located along the Chattahoochee River's eastern shores in Stewart County. In addition, the Hannahatchee Wildlife Management Area is a hunting preserve.
Communities
Louvale
Lumpkin
Omaha
Richland
Florence
Sanford
Wrightsville
Politics
Sheriff Larry Jones is the Chief Law Enforcement Officer for this County.
Stewart County is reliably Democratic. In US presidential elections between 1880 and 2020 Stewart County has only voted Republican twice.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stewart County, Georgia
References
Further reading
Susan R. Boatright and Douglas C. Bachtel, eds., Georgia County Guide, Athens, GA: Center for Agribusiness and Economic Development, University of Georgia, annual.
Helen Elisa Terrill, History of Stewart County, Georgia, ed. Sara Robertson Dixon, Columbus, Ga.: Columbus Office Supply, 1958.
Helen Terrill and Sara Dixon, History of Stewart County, Georgia, vol. 1, Fernandina Beach, Fla.: Wolfe, 1998.
William W. Winn, The Magic and Mystery of Westville, Lumpkin, Ga.: Westville Historic Handicrafts, 1999.
External links
"Stewart County", New Georgia Encyclopedia
Stewart County Georgia Community Web Pages
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1830 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1830
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
The Administration of Justice Act 1696 (8 & 9 Will 3 c 11) was an Act of the Parliament of England, originally titled An Act for the better preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits.
Repeals
Sections 1 to 3 and 5 to 7 were repealed by section 2 of, and Part II of the Schedule to, the Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act 1879. This repeal did not operate in respect of any court other than the Supreme Court of Judicature in England.
Sections 1 to 3 and 5 to 7 were repealed by section 4 of the Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act 1883. But see section 7 of that Act as to the Lancaster Palatine Court and the inferior civil courts (now abolished).
Sections 99(1)(f) and (g) of, and Schedule 1 to, the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 provided that the whole Act, so far as unrepealed, could be repealed by rules of court made under section 99 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1925.
Section 4 was repealed by section 2 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act 1879.
In Section 8, the words from "from and after" to "ninety and seven" were repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
Case reference
The Act was referred to by the Lord Chancellor in the House of Lords decision on Clydebank Engineering and Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. v. Don Jose Ramos Yzquierdo y Castaneda'' (1904) as the law "upon which English lawyers rely" for making the distinction between damages and penalties.
See also
Administration of Justice Act
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1696 in law
1696 in England
Charles Adrian Richardson (born 5 June 1946) is a former English cricketer. Richardson was a right-handed batsman. He was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire.
Richardson made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1965 Minor Counties Championship against the Nottinghamshire Second XI. Richardson played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1965 to 1979, during which time he played infrequently for the county, making 38 Minor Counties Championship appearances. He made his List A debut against Hampshire in the 1966 Gillette Cup. He played 3 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Surrey in the 1974 Gillette Cup. In his 4 matches, he scored 75 runs at an average of 37.50, with a high score of 31.
References
External links
Charles Richardson at ESPNcricinfo
Charles Richardson at CricketArchive
1946 births
Living people
People from Stamford, Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
The 2019 Shute Shield season is 146th season of a premier rugby union competition in Sydney and the 97th season of the Shute Shield. The 2019 season is featuring 11 teams, following Penrith's cutting from the competition in 2018. The premiers were Sydney University, defeating Warringah by 5 points in the grand final, held at Bankwest Stadium.
Competition format
The 2019 Shute Shield season will be played across 18 rounds, with each team playing each other once and eight other teams twice in a home and away format. This will be followed by a six-team play-off post season, culminating with a grand final on 24 August.
Teams
Standings
Source: Shute Shield
Play-offs
Week 1
Week 2
Grand Final
References
External links
Rugby Australia
Shute Shield
Shute Shield season
S
Sunnyside is a historic home located in Aquasco, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a five bay wide two-story frame house with a center hall and north and south parlors, facing east on a brick foundation. The building dates to 1844. The main block of the house is a fine example of a mid-19th century I-house, and possesses a great deal of intact original fabric. The significance of the property is enhanced by the 18th century wing, in good repair and possessing its original hearth with iron fittings. The house and outbuildings are well preserved examples of vernacular southern Maryland architecture dating from the 18th through the mid 19th century.
Sunnyside is also significant for its association with its builder, Dr. Michael Jenifer Stone (II) (1804-1877). Descendants of Dr. Stone inhabited the property through 1980. Dr. Stone, prominent in the Aquasco community and in Prince George's County, was the son of Michael Jenifer Stone, a member of the United States House of Representatives, and nephew of Thomas Stone, a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
External links
, including photo in 1986, at Maryland Historical Trust website
virtual tour of Sunnyside
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Houses completed in 1844
I-houses
Stone family residences
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Jenifer family
Cyril Morton may refer to:
Cyril Morton (priest) (1885–1932), Anglican priest
Cyril James Morton (1903–1986), New Zealand filmmaker
Cyril S. Morton (1885–1947), British clergyman and philatelist
Ali İsmail Korkmaz (18 March 1994 – 10 July 2013) was a Turkish university student who was killed at the age of 19 after being battered by police and opposing groups who intervened in the march in which he had participated in support of the Gezi Park protests.
A freshman student at Anadolu University, Ali İsmail Korkmaz had come to the streets of Eskişehir in support of the Gezi Park protests but after being beaten by police and escaping, he was beaten and physically abused two more times by opposing groups. After being beaten, he could not be treated in the hospital he was staying in and was able to get the first medical intervention after 20 hours of being injured. Korkmaz, who had started to suffer from brain hemorrhage, remained in a coma for 38 days and died 10 July 2013. His death gave rise to protests in Eskişehir and a statue was erected in his memory.
Reactions
Following Ali İsmail Korkmaz's death, protests began in various provinces of Turkey and 40 days later protesters came to streets in Hatay. Members of the "Justice" marching team, started a march from Antalya in memory of those who were killed during the Gezi Park protests and reached Eskişehir. Together with the people, they marched to the street where Ali İsmail Korkmaz was assaulted. After this protest, the team marched to Ankara, where Ethem Sarısülük, who also lost his life in the Gezi Park protests, was killed.
Court process
On 2 June 2013 at a court hearing in Eskişehir about the death of the 19-year-old Korkmaz, who lost his life after a 38-day coma as a result of an attack he suffered during the Gezi Park protests, a life imprisonment sentence was requested for the 8 accused individuals.
On 21 January 2015, Mevlüt Saldoğan was sentenced to 13 years in prison for 'deliberately causing the death'. His sentence was reduced to 10 years and 10 months considering the effect on his future and his detention was decided to continue. Police officer Yalçın Akbulut was sentenced to 12 years in prison, but due to the same reasons, he was sent to prison for 10 years following his detention period. Fırıncılar İsmail, Ramazan Koyuncu and Muhammet Patansever were sentenced to 8 years of imprisonment for wounding the victim. Their penalties were reduced to 3 years and 4 months since they had only helped in committing the crime. Other police officers, Şaban Gökpınar and Hüseyin Engin, were acquitted for lack of evidence.
Legacy
Ali İsmail Korkmaz's statue was erected in Eskişehir with the contribution of the Fikir Clubs Federation (FKF) after Korkmaz's death.
An old car-park area located in İskele Street in Rasimpaşa Neighborhood, was converted by Kadıköy Municipality into a park and named after Ali İsmail Korkmaz.
The 1907 ÜNİFEB Çukurova University organization created the Ali İsmail Korkmaz Memorial Forest in Kemerhisar.
Hatay Samandağ Municipality named a bridge in the district entrance after Ali İsmail Korkmaz.
The Ali İsmail Korkmaz Foundation, founded by the Korkmaz family, has a variety of activities that help the students, the elderly, nature, animals, artists, artisans and provides scholarships to the students.
Court status
The Eskişehir 2nd Administrative Court later announced its decision about the Gezi Park protests in Eskişehir on 2 June 2013 during which Ali İsmail Korkmaz was assaulted by the police and a group of civilians and lost his life following a 38-day coma. The court sentenced the Ministry of the Interior to pay his family 57,180 for material damages, and 650,000 for moral damages for a total of 707,180.
Further reading
Ali İsmail-Emri Kim Verdi? – İsmail Saymaz
References
1994 births
2013 in Turkey
Turkish murder victims
Victims of police brutality
Deaths by beating
2013 deaths
Gezi Park protests
People murdered in Turkey
Police brutality in Turkey
The St. Charles Borromeo Church is a historic Catholic church building in Waltham, Massachusetts. Built in 1922, it is a high quality example of Italian Renaissance Revival architecture, and is emblematic of the shift on Waltham's south side from a predominantly Protestant population to one of greater diversity. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Description and history
The St. Charles Borromeo Church is located at the southwest corner of Hall and Cushing Streets, in a residential area east of Moody Street, the main commercial artery on Waltham's south side. It is a tall cruciform structure with no tower, built out of terra cotta brick with stone trim. Its front facade, oriented toward Hall Street, is dominated by two colossal Corinthian columns set in a recess on either side of the main entrance, which is flanked by clustered columns and topped by a rounded arch. A modillioned and dentillated fully pedimented gable stands above. The interior of the nave has rows of Tuscan columns, round-arch clerestory windows, and murals on the walls.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston decided in 1909 to establish a second parish in Waltham, and services were first held in a community hall on Moody Street later that year. Construction of this building began in 1915, but was delayed by funding concerns, and was not restarted until 1922. A fire gutted the interior of the nearly finished building in 1927, after which it was refurbished. The building was designed by James F. Monaghan, a noted ecclesiastical architect.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
External links
Church web site
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
Charles Borromeo
On the Turntable is a mix album released by Biz Markie. A follow-up was released in 2000, titled On the Turntable 2.
Track listing
"My Automobile"- 2:04
"Which Way"- 1:17
"I Like It"- 1:00
"L.A. Jazz Song"- :46
"I'll Play the Blues for You"- 1:58
"The 24-Carat Black Theme"- :54
"Skin Valley Serenade"- :57
"Nasty Soul"- 2:23
"Ghetto: Misfortune's Wealth"- 1:20
"I'll Never Grow Old"- 2:31
"Do Me"- 1:49
"Memphis B.K."- 1:49
"I'll Take You There"- 2:38
"Mr. Big Stuff"- 2:02
"Mama's Gone"- 3:09
"Saginaw County Line"- 1:50
"Do the Funky Penguin, Pt. 2"- 4:23
"I Don't See Me in Your Eyes Anymore"- 2:38
"Sister Sanctified"- 2:28
"All We Need Is Understanding"- 2:23
"Don't Send Me an Invitation"- 2:22
"Tramp"- 3:23
"Aquarius"- :52
"Free Your Mind"- 2:31
Biz Markie albums
1998 compilation albums
Albums produced by Biz Markie
Falih Faisal Fahad Al-Fayyadh () is an Iraqi politician, former head and advisor of the National Security Council, and currently the chairman of the Popular Mobilization Forces He is also the founder of the "Ataa Movement".
Biography
Al-Fayyadh was born on 27 March 1956 in Baghdad. He received his bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Mosul in 1977. He is the Chairman of the Popular Mobilization Forces and the Chairman and Founder of the Ataa Movement. He also served as advisor of National Security Council in the Iraqi government.
On 8 January 2021, the U.S. Treasury Department sanctioned Al-Fayyadh for “his connection to serious human rights abuse,” and addressed his role in the violent repression of Iraqi protests beginning in October 2019. During the protests, Iranian-backed militias, headed by Al-Fayyadh used marksmen to fire live bullets, hot water and tear gas against protesters, leading to many deaths and injuries.
Positions
Chairman of the Popular Mobilization Forces.
Head & Advisor of National Security Council (Iraq).
Founder and leader of Ataa movement.
References
External links
Official site (Falih Alfayyadh)
Speech of Falih Alfayyadh during the establishment of a Ataa movement - YouTube
1956 births
Living people
Politicians from Baghdad
Iraqi politicians
Iraqi Shia Muslims
Members of the Popular Mobilization Forces
University of Mosul alumni
Pavel Pavlov Strakhilov () (born 9 June 1953 in Kostinbrod) is a former Bulgarian Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the middleweight (82 kg) category.
His international career lasted from 1976 to 1981. He was third at the Grand Prix of Germany competition in 1976 and went on to finish fifth in his class in 1977 World Wrestling Championships. On his second world-level appearance at the 1979 edition in San Diego, he managed to win the bronze medal. He had the same placing at the German Grand Prix the following year.
His greatest achievement was winning the 82 kg Greco-Roman bronze medal for Bulgaria at the 1980 Moscow Olympics, as he reached the final round but was defeated by both Jan Dołgowicz and Gennadi Korban. He won two more medals of that colour for his country at the 1980 and 1981 European Wrestling Championships.
References
External links
Athlete Database. Foeldeak. Retrieved on 2011-06-24.
1953 births
Living people
People from Kostinbrod
Olympic wrestlers of Bulgaria
Wrestlers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Bulgarian male sport wrestlers
Olympic bronze medalists for Bulgaria
Olympic medalists in wrestling
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sofia Province
The action of 3 October 1624 was a naval engagement that took place near San Pietro Island, Sardinia, during the war against the Barbary corsairs. A squadron of galleys from the Spain (Kingdom of Naples), Grand Duchy of Tuscany and Papal States under Diego Pimentel engaged a squadron of six Algerian ships under Azan Calafate. The Algerians were defeated, their flagship was destroyed, and four ships were captured. Also, the Christian slaves they owned were freed.
Events
Background
To deal with the constant threat of Barbary corsairs in the Mediterranean Sea, the Christian states in the area combined their galley squadrons to defend their coasts and carry out incursions into Barbary bases. Emanuel Filibert of Savoy, who in 1622 was appointed by Philip IV of Spain as Captain General of the Sea and Viceroy of Sicily, mobilized squadrons from Sicily, Naples, Malta, and occasionally from the Republic of Genoa and Tuscany in combined operations.
In 1624, there were several engagements at sea between these combined squadrons and the Barbary corsairs, where the former made several captures of corsairs.
Action
On 8 September, Diego Pimentel, commander of the Naples galley squadron, set sail from Naples with his squadron to make an incursion along the western coast of the Italian Peninsula in search of Barbary corsairs. At that time, Barbary ships were known to loot the coasts of Corsica and Sardinia. Pimentel's forces consisted of a combined squadron of fifteen Christian galleys; eight Neapolitan galleys under Pimentel, four Tuscan galleys under Montauto and three Papal galleys under Filicaja. The Tuscan galleys were the last to join the squadron, near the island of Elba.
Pimentel, with the combined squadron, passed along the coast of Corsica to the Strait of Bonifacio, without encountering adversaries. Then he passed across the strait to Sardinia and arrived in Cagliari on 26 September 1624. In Cagliari, Pimentel consulted with Juan Vives de Canyamás, viceroy of Sardinia, if he had information about the Barbary corsairs, but he knew nothing. That same day he left the place for the island of San Pietro, a place frequented by corsairs.
On September 28 he arrived at the island, remaining in place. At dawn on 3 October, he sighted a squadron of six corsairs ships of Barbary. It was a squadron of the Regency of Algiers; made up of three large ships, two pataches and a tartane. One of the large ships was the flagship, with 200 Turkish and 36 or 50 guns. The two remaining large ships were merchant prizes, one of them weighing 400 to 500 tons, both being armed by the corsairs. The two pataches had a crew of 50 men. The squadron commander was Azan Calafate, a renowned Turkish sailor from Algiers.
At eight in the morning, Pimentel's galley squadron had the Algerian ships within firing range. The tartane, abandoned by the rest of the Algiers squadron, was captured with a Turkish on board, who gave information to the Christians about the opposing squadron. The battle began, and after four hours of fought, the Christians captured one of the large ships after it was disabled and abandoned by the crew, who moved to the flagship. Soon another of the large ships was also captured, but Algiers' flagship held up fierce resistance, causing extensive damage to the approaching galleys. Pimentel ordered all the galleys to direct their shots at him. Due to the short distance between the opponents, Pimentel was seriously wounded in the stomach by a musket shot from that ship. On the other hand, the pataches began to flee, so Pimentel ordered Francisco Manrique to pursue them with eight galleys. Manrique managed to capture the pataches. Meanwhile, the Algerian flagship was disabled and overwhelmed by the attack of the other galleys. The corsairs set fire to the gunpowder, causing a large explosion that destroyed the flagship after eight hours of fighting.
Aftermath
In the battle more than 100 corsairs killed and there were 150 prisoners, among them Calafate. There were also almost 200 slaves, freeing 100 Christians. The two large ships and the two pataches were escorted by the galleys to Cagliari, their salvage bringing a good quantity of ducats. The tartane that had been initially captured was lost during the fight. On this occasion the Spaniards did not carry out the demonstrations that they usually carried out for victory, due to the death of Pimentel from his wound, the next day.
See also
Barbary slave trade
References
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1624
1624 in Italy
Naval battles involving Spain
Naval battles involving the Kingdom of Naples
Naval battles involving Tuscany
Naval battles involving the Papal States
Naval battles involving Ottoman Algeria
San Pietro Island
Chrysophyllum prieurii is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to South America and Panama.
Description
Chrysophyllum prieurii grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . It has buttresses up to high. Its fissured bark is brown to reddish-brown. The obovate or oblanceolate leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to 10 green flowers. The roundish fruits measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum prieurii is native to an area from Panama in the north to Brazil and Peru in the south. Its habitat is in dry lowland rainforest and wet rainforest up to altitudes of .
References
prieurii
Flora of Panama
Flora of northern South America
Flora of western South America
Flora of Brazil
Plants described in 1844
Patigi Beach or Pategi Beach is a beach and tourist destination that is located along the River Niger in Pategi, Kwara State, in the middle belt of Nigeria.
Nigeria where the annual Pategi Regatta Festival and an assortment of fishing-related activities take place. It
History
Vacationers have visited the beach since the Patigi Emirate was established.
Tourism
Located along the Niger River, Patigi Beach is not a typical sandy beach; instead, its beauty lies in its rugged terrain. The beach is popular with fishing enthusiasts and fishermen. Many species of fish are found in the river, including whiting, flathead, and bream.
The Pategi Regatta Festival boating event takes place annually and a pavilion complex has been constructed with facilities for visitors to enjoy the celebration.
Climate
The weather typically consists of the rainy season, the dry season, and the Harmattan – the interlude between the two – which is characterised by dry winds. During Harmattan, temperatures can drop as low as .
Notes
Boating lakes
Boat races
Kwara State
Beaches of Nigeria
Zharkain District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Derzhavinsk. Population:
Geography
Zharkainsky district is located in the southwestern part of the Akmola region of the Republic of Kazakhstan. It borders in the southwestern part with the Kostanay region, in the north - with the Esil region, in the east - with the Zhaksyn and Atbasar regions.
The city of Derzhavinsk is located on the banks of the river. Ishim River, rich in fish stocks. The sights include the "red mazarka", a birch grove, lakes with. Shoyyndykol, richness of flora and fauna. "Red Mazarka" is the only surviving architectural monument in the region, it is interesting for the "wisdom" of the production of materials, the brick is no worse than refractory.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
The Tunisian Ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the Government in Tunis to the Government of China and is also accredited in Pyongyang (North Korea), Phnom Penh (Cambodia) and Vientiane (Laos).
List of representatives
China–Tunisia relations
References
China
Tunisia
Ambassadors
Marco Ravaioli (born 29 July 1989) is an Italian motorcycle racer. He has competed in the 125cc World Championship, the Italian CIV 125GP Championship and the Italian CIV Superstock 600 Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1989 births
People from Cesena
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
"Mutual credit" (sometimes called "multilateral barter" or "credit clearing") is a term mostly used in the field of complementary currencies to describe a common, usually small-scale, endogenous money system.
The term implies that creditors and debtors are the same people lending to each other, but there are several nuances. Some think of mutual credit as a type of currency but this can be problematic because no currency or money is 'issued' in the sense that most people would understand it. Cash is very rarely 'issued', accounting normally taking place on a ledger, therefore it could also be called 'ledger money', a money system, accounting for exchange or credit clearing system. The accounting is explained under multilateral exchange.
Economics
The practice of multilateral exchange can be a mere convenience, but once a common unit of account is agreed, the extent to which members can draw credit limited, a mutual credit system quickly resembles a money system. However, mutual credit is not one of the recognised schools of economic thought.
Even so, Keynes proposed a mutual credit system called International Clearing Union instead of a gold standard, but it was rejected.
The ideas can, however, be found in mutualism, which does value equitable exchange and cooperation.
Characteristics
Sufficiency
In the mainstream economy, money is regarded as a scarce commodity, which is rented out many times simultaneously by those who have it, to those who don't. This practice leads directly to hoarding and thus scarcity of money, to a growing wealth gap, to the poverty trap, the boom/bust cycle the economic 'growth imperative' and many other seemingly eternal social evils.
Mutual credit accounting emphasises the importance of balanced exchange over the importance of property owners getting something for nothing.
When every credit is matched by an equal and opposite debt, which is to say when there is no money and no interest, then supply equals demand a priori, and all the problems of economic equilibrium go away.
Elasticity of the money supply
Similarly, the very politicised question of the size of the money supply is solved because the credit is perfectly elastic; it is available in whatever quantity the debtor is trusted to repay. Without interest on deposits, there is no reason to hoard credit – all credit is treated as a short-term loan between trusted partners, though many systems make provision for default similar to insurance.
Decentralisation
The implication of mutual credit is that anyone can access credit to the extent to which they are trusted to repay. This can be contrasted to commercial credit systems in which only banks can 'issue' credit. Similarly the risk of default is spread differently.
Seignorage
In a fiat money system the benefits of issuing money fall to the sovereign who can spend money out of nothing. In a commercial credit system the interest from lending money out of nothing falls to the bank. In a mutual credit system, there is no seignorage mechanism, and no interest.
Inflation
Since the money supply is elastic, the problem of inflation (too much money in too small economy) should never happen in a mutual credit, and if it does, it indicates a failure of governance. Some systems allow the 'house' account unlimited spending, and this destroys the equilibrium, resulting either in inflation, or in recession.
Access to credit
Depending on the meaning of 'mutual' a mutual credit economy might imply that the people who give value to the money decide which endeavours deserve the privilege of credit.
Symmetry
In conventional money systems there are considerable ethical concerns around lending and borrowing. A comparison of punishments meted out to the troika for loan sharking and the punishment to the Greek government for defaulting on interest repayments shows that in modern times the political and moral superiority of creditors over debtors is near absolute.
Every transaction involves one person extending credit to another, there is a necessary moral equivalence of creditors and debtors. Similarly, just as in banking, credit is limited to the degree to which the account-holder is trusted, in mutual credit, debit is often also limited to the degree to which the account holder is trusted to spend back to zero. In mainstream economics high bank balances are rewarded (with interest), but the celebrated members of mutual credit systems are both earning and spending.
Governance of mutual credit systems
Mutual credit governance relies on trust. With no trust, there is no credit and therefore no transactions. But too much trust may be abused by members who are less serious about closing their accounts on zero - exactly the same as a Credit bubble. Small and egalitarian systems usually grant every account the same (positive and) negative limits. Some small systems will have a 'house' account which is collectively governed and may have greater limits. Larger systems with less trust between members, greater diversity of members or whose members' livelihoods depend on reciprocation have credit rating systems of more or less elaborate design.
An addition governance question concerns privacy. What transactions are visible to whom, and what account balances are visible to whom?
Meaning of 'mutual'
Practitioners and theoreticians in the complementary currency movement have not yet offered a definition of mutual credit, (The place to do it would be the ) and while credit is well enough understood, just what is mutual is wide open to interpretation, it could be:
as mentioned, that the creditors and debts are the same people
that the credit risk is a mutual concern to all members of the circle, and the access to liquidity also
that every member agrees to honour the same unit of account
or even that the governance of the credit is participative, if it is.
That members take some responsibility for each other's successes (or at least ability to return their balances to zero)
Is mutual credit 'money'?
Money is much more than a record of what we have spent and earned. Though the definition of money itself is highly contentious, it is usually important that it be generally exchanged for useful things. What makes a mutual credit accounting system, into something like a money system is the contractual obligation of account holders to close all accounts at zero, which is to say, to depart the system neither owing nor owed.
The credit theory of money says clearly that money does not need to be, or be backed by, commodities like gold. Mutual credit systems can perform, reasonably well, all of the three classical functions of money, as store of value, medium of exchange and unit of account. And while some heterodox economists such as Silvio Gesell argue that money should not even be used as a store of value, as a medium of exchange, mutual credit is unrivalled:
it actually records how much value has been given and how much received,
it is more readily available when needed (it doesn't have to be mined and refined first),
moving 'credit' is simply a matter of adding a ledger entry,
it provides an incentive for members to help each other exchange (see below),
Note that since mutual credit transactions do not involve the movement of a commodity, are by nature both traceable and reversible, in contrast to say, cash or Bitcoin.
Examples and types of systems
There are three main social institutions said to use mutual credit today, trade exchanges, local exchange trading systems, and timebanking associations, each with a number of offshoots and variations, and their own understanding of what mutual credit means.
See also
Barter exchange
Multilateral exchange
Mutualism, a theory of anarchism which favors mutual credit banking
Savings pools are ways for mutually trusting groups to lend money to each other
WIR Bank
Collaborative finance
Inside money
The Open Credit Network - a UK-based cooperatively governed mutual credit network
References
Mutualism (movement)
Alternative currencies
Anarchist theory
Monetary reform
In the macOS, iOS, NeXTSTEP, and GNUstep programming frameworks, property list files are files that store serialized objects. Property list files use the filename extension .plist, and thus are often referred to as p-list files.
Property list files are often used to store a user's settings. They are also used to store information about bundles and applications, a task served by the resource fork in the old macOS.
Property lists are also used for localization strings for development. These files use the .strings or .stringsdict extensions. The former is a "reduced" old-style plist containing only one dictionary without the braces (see ), while the latter is a fully-fledged plist. Xcode also uses a .pbxproj extension for old-style plists used as project files.
Representations
Since the data represented by property lists is somewhat abstract, the underlying file format can be implemented many ways. Namely, NeXTSTEP used one format to represent a property list, and the subsequent GNUstep and macOS frameworks introduced differing formats.
NeXTSTEP
Under NeXTSTEP, property lists were designed to be human-readable and edited by hand, serialized to ASCII in a syntax somewhat like a programming language. This same format was used by OPENSTEP.
Strings are represented in C literal style: ; simpler, unquoted strings are allowed as long as they consist of alphanumericals and one of .
Binary data are represented as: < [hexadecimal codes in ASCII] >. Spaces and comments between paired hex-codes are ignored.
Arrays are represented as: . Trailing commas are tolerated.
Dictionaries are represented as: . The left-hand side must be a string, but it can be unquoted.
Comments are allowed as: and .
As in C, whitespace are generally insignificant to syntax. Value statements terminate by a semicolon.
One limitation of the original NeXT property list format is that it could not represent an NSValue (number, boolean, etc.) object. As a result, these values would have to be converted to string, and "fuzzily" recovered by the application. Another limitation is that there is no official 8-bit encoding defined.
The defaults utility, introduced in OPENSTEP (1996), can be used to manipulate plist files used for storage of preferences (known as defaults in NeXTSTEP, hence the name) on the command line via their preferences domain, and this utility can be used to edit arbitrary plist files. This utility superseded three older commands.
GNUstep
GNUstep adopts the NeXTSTEP format, with additions for representing NSValue and NSDate data types. The new typed entries have the form , where T is a one-letter type code. For example, an NSValue of boolean YES is represented as and NSDate objects are represented as <*DYYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +ZZZZ>. Binary data can also use the more efficient base64 format as . The 8-bit problem is implicitly solved as well, as most deployments use UTF-8. All in all, brings the expressiveness and compactness of the human-readable textual format on par with Apple's XML format.
GNUstep also has its own binary format, , implemented in . This format is defined recursively like the textual formats, with a single-byte type marker preceding some data. A form of string interning is supported via a GS-extension switch.
Two relative independent plist handlers are found in GNUstep: the in (CoreFoundation), and the in (Foundation Kit). Both support the binary and XML forms used by macOS to some degree, but the latter is a lot more complete. For example, the two GNUstep-specific formats are only handled in the latter.
GNUstep provides a set of plist command-line tools based on , including a version of and .
macOS
While macOS can also read the NeXTSTEP format, Apple sets it aside in favor of two new formats of its own, one XML-based and the other binary. Apple also has a partially-compatible JSON format ().
History
In Mac OS X 10.0, the NeXTSTEP format was deprecated, and a new XML format was introduced, with a public DTD defined by Apple. The XML format supports non-ASCII characters and storing NSValue objects (which, unlike GNUstep's ASCII property list format, Apple's ASCII property list format does not support).
Since XML files, however, are not the most space-efficient means of storage, Mac OS X 10.2 introduced a new format where property list files are stored as binary files. Starting with Mac OS X 10.4, this is the default format for preference files. In Mac OS X 10.7, support for reading and writing files in JSON format was introduced. JSON and property lists are not fully compatible with each other, though. For example, property lists have native date and data types, which the JSON format does not support. Conversely, JSON permits null values while property lists do not support explicit nulls.
Tooling
The old tool from NeXTSTEP remains available. The command provides an interactive plist editor. It can also be scripted.
The utility (introduced in Mac OS X 10.2) can be used to check the syntax of property lists, or convert a property list file from one format to another. It also supports converting plists to Objective-C or Swift object literals. Like the Cocoa it is built on, it takes "old-style" inputs, but does not convert to this type. (The Cocoa from before Mac OS X 10.2 emits old-styled output.)
The utility is introduced in Mac OS X v10.5. It takes any input and tries to generate "old-style" plists. Like the GNUstep version, it appears to use the property of Foundation types found in plists, which Apple has specified to produce valid old-style plists.
In terms of the internals, Apple provides an open source parser for old style, XML, and binary formats in their C Core Foundation code as CFPropertyList. However, all the utilities and most parts of the system use the closed-source NSPropertyList parser from the Obj-C Foundation Kit. The Swift reimplementation is open source, but is not guaranteed to be identical.
Format
XML and JSON property lists are hand-editable in any text editor. Additionally, Apple provides support in Xcode for editing property lists in a hierarchical viewer/editor that can handle plists formatted in binary or XML, but not JSON. As of Mac OS X 10.4, Apple provides an AppleScript interface for reading property list files through the System Events application. As of Mac OS X 10.5, Apple provides an AppleScript interface for editing, creating and writing property list files as well.
For the XML format, the tags, related Foundation classes and CoreFoundation types, and data storage formats are as follows:
The Binary file format is documented in a comment block in the Core Foundation C code source file () for Apple's open sourced implementation of binary plists in its Foundation library. Apple describes the implementation as opaque in its plist(5) manual page documentation, which means that reliance on the format is discouraged. In the binary file format the magic number (the first few bytes of the file which indicate that it's a valid plist file) is the text bplist, followed by two bytes indicating the version of the format.
The binary file can store some information that cannot be captured in the XML or JSON file formats. The array, set and dictionary binary types are made up of pointers - the objref and keyref entries - that index into an object table in the file. This means that binary plists can capture the fact that - for example - a separate array and dictionary serialized into a file both have the same data element stored in them. This cannot be captured in an XML file. Converting such a binary file will result in a copy of the data element being placed into the XML file. Additionally the binary file has a UID type that is used to identify data items when serialized. The complete list of data that can be stored taken from the C code source file is as follows:
Note the note in many types. This means that the marker byte is only found in files with a format version no lower than the "1?" magic number. The precise way to parse them is more nebulous than the way to parse legacy types, since the CFBinaryPlist implementation only handles version "0?". In practice, these types are never encountered, since NSKeyedArchiver is already capable of capturing this information.
A table of offsets follows the object table, which is then followed by a trailer containing information on the size and location of the two tables.
Serializing to plist
Since property lists do not capture all the information and data types required to describe an arbitrary object, an extra layer of encoding and decoding is often done. The OpenStep specification abstracts the operation of serializing any under the protocol. Any class implementing this protocol can have its instances serialized by a subclass to some other format. Two main coders exist for the purpose of serializing objects to plists:
, which converts an object into a block of binary data somewhat like a tagged struct. This class is part of OpenStep, although no concrete format has been defined. In practice, one can use it to serialize an object to a file (skipping the plist), or to embed the data in a plist. It must be read and written in the same order as written. The introduction of deprecates its use.
, introduced in Mac OS X 10.2, transforms the object into an . The main improvement of this format for programmers is that it accesses members not by a fixed order, but by string keys. Internally, it somewhat recapitulates the binary plist format by storing an object table array called in the dictionary. Everything else, including class information, is referenced by a UID pointer. A entry under the dict points to the top-level object the programmer was meaning to encode.
Among other things, using an archiver allows for new datatypes to be encoded without changing the plist format itself and it is the preferred way for Apple to encode things like NSSets and null values. Parsing the formats do prove a bit harder, since one more layer must be followed even for some classes plists were supposed to support. Like the binary format which also has an object table, it is possible to create circular references in . Since there is not a UID data type in XML, the integers are stored in a dictionary under the key "CF$UID".
Apple publishes an open-source in Swift Corelibs Foundation; like the closed-source Apple Foundation, it restricts output formats to binary and XML only. It also has some test cases showing the results of serialization. GNUstep also has a compatible implementation, which does not limit output formats.
Path language
There is not a single, standardized path language for property lists like XPath does for XML, but informal conventions used by various programs exist.
A dot syntax version is found in the keypath argument of Apple's . It appears to derive from .
A different format is used by , with a colon syntax for indexing.
Neither format is able to express a key with the separator character in it.
Other platforms
Windows
Although best known on Apple or Darwin systems, including iOS and macOS, plist files are also present on Windows computers when Apple software, such as iTunes or Safari are installed. On Windows, the files are typically binary files, although some applications may generate PLIST files in the other formats.
On Windows the Apple plist files are stored in the user's home directory under . These plist files on Windows typically store preferences and other information, rather than using the Windows registry.
Options for editing PLIST files on Windows are not as extensive as on macOS. If the file is in the XML or JSON format with care a text editor such as Notepad++ can be used. Apple ships a plutil.exe within its "Apple Application Support" package (which is part of iTunes), and it is identical to its macOS counterpart.
NetBSD
Introduced in 2006 and first released with NetBSD#4.0 (2007) is a proplib library, which can be used for serialising data between the kernel and userland. It implements part of the XML plist language.
One of the sample users of proplib is the second revision of the sysmon envsys framework for system monitoring.
NetBSD's proplib library has also been ported to DragonFly in 2010, and is available since DragonFly BSD#2.8.
Cross-platform
Facebook's open-source reimplementation of the Xcode build tool, xcbuild, contains a plist library as well as and . These cross-platform utilities are written in C++.
The Python programming language has a builtin module to read and write plist files, in Apple's XML or in binary (since Python 3.4). ProperTree is a cross-platform editor that makes use of this library.
A third-party library called ccl-bplist has the additional ability to handle NSKeyedArchiver UIDs.
Go has a package that supports four types of plists: OpenStep text, GNUStep text, Apple XML, and Apple Binary. It also handles UIDs in XML and binary formats.
See also
Comparison of data serialization formats
Notes
References
External links
The plist(5) manual page at developer.apple.com
Excel add-in for creating plist file from Excel table
Java API for reading/writing various plist formats - compatible with Android
EBNF grammar of GNUstep plists
NeXT
MacOS
NetBSD
DragonFly BSD
GNUstep
Data serialization formats
The 1971 Greenwich Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
May 1971 events in the United Kingdom
Phouoibi or Phouoipi may refer to:
Phouoibi, the Meitei goddess of bounty.
Phouoibi Shayon, a Meitei mythological feature film.
Phou-oibi, the rice goddess, a Meitei ballad opera.
Vegen Åt Deg (released 28 Nov 2012 by the label Øra Fonogram - OF036) is a solo album by Heidi Skjerve.
Reception
Here we are served Skjerve's delicate voice on an album where different genres like traditional folk music, Old Norwegian Folk Dance, Danish hymns and American cool jazz mixes and ascend into a higher unity. She challenges both herself and her teachers from the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium, when she gathers her musical roots, creating a highly personal expression anno 2012. Indeed, Skjerve stake out a new course and opportunities for peculiarly Norwegian improvised music.
The review by Tor Hammerø of the Norwegian electronic newspaper Nettavisen awarded the album dice 5.
Track listing
«Nestekjærleik» (3:27)
«Vegen Åt Deg» (4:43)
«Lær Meg Å Kjenne Dine Veie» (6:57)
«Nysnøen» (2:53)
«Nu Rinner Solen Op Av Østerlide» (4:04)
«Pols Etter Hilmar Alexandersen» (1:35)
«Konstnaren/Den Forunderlige Dansen» (4:50)
«Stå Fast Min Sjel» (4:06)
«Kom Te Mæ» (3:57)
«Gløymsla/Bukkhornslåt» (2:54)
«Hem» (4:09)
Personnel
Heidi Skjerve - vocals
John Pål Inderberg – barytone saxophone
Vigleik Storaas – piano
Trygve Waldemar Fiske – double bass
Credits
Recorded and mixed at Øra Studio, October 2012
Mastered at Redroom Studio
References
Heidi Skjerve albums
2001 albums
Kwijusa () is a Korean Buddhist temple located on Seolbongsan Mountain in Hamju-gun, North Korea.
It is said to have been established during the reign of King Munjong of Goryeo.
During the Japanese colonial period, this temple was designated as one of the 31 head temples. The resulting pyramidal hierarchy was supposed to take control over the Korean Buddhism.
Notes
References
EncyKor
Buddhist temples in Korea
Domenico Cubelles (died 22 November 1566) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Malta from 1541 till his death in 1566.
Biography
Cubelles was born in Spain. He was the chaplain of the Knights of St John. He was also the last representative of the Medieval Inquisition in Malta. In 1541 he was appointed and consecrated bishop of Malta. He received his episcopal ordination in Sicily. He built his Episcopal Palace in Birgu which later became the Inquisitor's Palace. On 21 October 1561 Pope Pius IV established the Roman Inquisition in Malta and Cubelles was appointed as the first Inquisitor of Malta by the bull "Licet ab Initio" on 15 July 1562. Cubelles also served as bishop during the Great Siege of Malta of 1565. Bishop Cubelles dies on 22 November 1566.
References
1566 deaths
16th-century Spanish people
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Malta
Inquisitors of Malta
Bishops of Malta
thefucKINGFUCKS is an underground Belgian industrial rock performance art group that began as a musical side-project for controversial visual artist Kendell Geers, Patrick Codenys of Front 242. From 2007 they collaborated with Choreographer / Performer Ilse Ghekiere from Charleroi Danses. but Ghekiere left in 2009 to pursue her solo career. The group was launched in April 2003 at the Pompidou Centre in Paris with a concert called "Prototype" under the name "Red Sniper". Since then, the group have performed in music festivals like Elektra Festival Electronic Festival in Montreal Canada, a concert called "10 Guests" curated by Revolting Cocks founding member Luc van Acker, "Guided by Heroes" curated by Fashion Designer Raf Simons for Z33 in Hasselt and the Techno Music Festival 10DAYSOFF in Gent. Bootleg recordings of this concert are available for download on pirate torrent sites.
Background
thefucKINGFUCKS are an Open source Artist collective strongly influenced by the ideas and theories of the Acéphale group of Georges Bataille from the 1930s. The collective functions within a more experimental based esoteric research group and an exoteric Performance Art and music group. Secretive research into the history and nature of rituals, rites, initiation, sacred sexuality and Magick is then translated into the public, more popular languages of performance, art, music, dance or installation. Following the Acéphale model, there is a complete rejection of any form of social and political hierarchy and the group opposes any authoritarian form of leadership in terms of both their structure and their production. The operative members change even though the core has remained fixed since its inception in 2003. The group rejects the divisions that exist today between the different art forms and instead insist on working simultaneously in the worlds of dance, music and the visual arts. Frequently the collective presents their Performances or actions alongside their official more famous productions. For instance
"PostPunkPaganPop" was the title of a solo exhibition by Kendell Geers at the Depuryluxemburg Gallery in Zurich in June 2008. At the opening he presented a performance with the same name as "thefucKINFUCKS" It was also the title for a performance by thefucKINGFUCKS presented at the Cimatics V.J. Festival in Brussels in 2007 and the S.M.A.K. Museum in Gent
Name
The group decided on the name thefucKINGFUCKS since the word FUCK remains forbidden on most television channels and especially on MTV, to which the group is generally opposed. They selected the name "thefucKINGFUCKS" (a line in the David Lynch film Blue Velvet) in order to preclude assimilation into mainstream media.
PostPunkPaganPop
The term PostPunkPaganPop has been used by Geers to describe both his own work and that of thefucKINGFUCKS. Post-punk defines an attitude as a musical genre, whereas pagan defines the groups interest in rites, rituals and the question of faith. The public face of the group maintains the Pop centred style of music that Codenys became famous for in the 1980s.
LostLustLast
On the 26 June 2008 Kendell Geers and Ilse Ghekiere presented their collaborative work in an installation at the Royal Monceau "Demolition Party" in Paris. The installation called "LostLustLast" was "an orgy of ink that resembled the scene of a crime of passion" The pair worked in situ for a week, using the body to imprint images upon the walls, floor and bed.
Body Sound Image
The performances are an audio-visual-sensory-experience. In the 1980s Patrick Codenys used the terms Electronic body music to describe the music of Front 242. A generation later Kendell Geers defines his art as a "Panaesthetik", a term that attempts to describe an all-encompassing notion of aesthetics. Together with Ilse Ghekiere, their performances are sensory overload in which the senses of hearing, seeing, smalling, even touching are all pushed to their limits. The razorblade installations of Geers are the backdrop to the grinding electronic body music rhythms and beats of Codenys and the erotic female body in trance of Ghekiere is the key to unlocking the mystery. As a reflection of their interest in the dark arts, the sounds tend to hang in the extreme low sub base area and heard in the pit of your stomach more than the ears.
Multiple Identities
Since 2004 thefucKINFUCKS have performed under the names "Red Sniper, Head Sniper, Firewire, Akephale, Kissing Kousins, USB2, PostPunkPaganPop, S338 and Suite 338. The number 338 is frequently used by the group as a reference to the group Front 242 because United Nations Resolution 338 is the annex to Resolution 242.
Playlist
2011
30th Anniversary PARADE GROUND, Magasin 4, Brussels, Belgium
"Rhythm and Chaos" Cafe Central, Brussels
"Body Farm Festival" Belvédère de Namur
2008
POSTPUNKPAGANPOP, DePuryLxuemburg Gallery, Zurich, Switzerland
LostLustLast, Royal Monceau Hotel, Paris, France
A Spy in the House of Love, OPA, Guadalajara, Mexico
Smoking, MARCO, Vigo, Spain
2007
CIMATIC/07AV/FestivalBrussels International Festival for Live Audiovisual Art&VJing, Beursschouwburg,Brussels, Belgium
50 Jaar Vrienden V/H Smak, Ghent, Belgium
10 DAYS OFF, Vooruit, Ghent, Belgium
Biennale Charleroi danse, BPS22, Charleroi, Belgium
2006
Playlist, Palais de Tokyo, Paris, France
2005
Cultuurcentrum Evergem, Belgium
Les Grands Spectacles - 120 Jahre Kunst und Massenkultur, Museum der Moderne Salzburg, Mönchsberg, Austria
Elektra Festival, Montréal, Canada
Strange, Familiar and Unforgotten, Galerie Erna Hécey, Brussels, Belgium
Dans le Collimateur, Dieppe Scene Nationale, Dieppe, France
2004
Criminal Brides, Buda, Kortijk, Belgium
Videozone, Center for Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv, Israel
Playlist, Palais de Tokyo, Paris, France
Opera Video, Galleria Continua, San Gimignano, Italy
2003
Rhythm and Chaos,Transart 03, Bolzano, Italy
Rhythm and Chaos, Beaulieu Art Gallery, Oudenaarde, Belgium
10 Guests, curated by Luk van Acker, Handelsbeursgebouw,Ghent, Belgium
Guided by Heroes, curated by Raf Simons, Z33, Hasselt, Belgium
Prototype, Centre Pompidou, Paris
External links
Official Kendell Geers Website
Official FRONT 242 website
POSTPUNKPAGANPOP Performance Presented at Depuryluxemburg Gallery, Zurich
Demolition Party, Royal Monceau Hotel, Paris, 26 June 2008
Notes and references
Electronic body music groups
Belgian industrial music groups
Performance artist collectives
Paul-Jean-Louis Gervais (7 September 1859 – 11 March 1944) was a French painter who was fashionable around the end of the 19th century. He is known for his sensuous paintings of nude women.
Life
Paul-Jean-Louis Gervais was born in Toulouse, France on 7 September 1859.
He was a pupil of Jean-Léon Gérôme (1824–1904) and of Gabriel Ferrier (1847–1914).
Paul Gervais was teaching at the Académie Julian in 1887, where one of his pupils was Abbott Fuller Graves.
In July 1891 Gervais won the Prix du Salon with 19 votes against 16 for M. Chigot and 5 for M. Henri Martin.
In 1904 Gervais was at the Académie Vitti, where he taught the British artist Charles Ginner.
He died in Paris on 11 March 1944.
Work
Paul Gervais's paintings celebrate seductive women, love, and the virtues of civilization.
Pierre Bardou-Job, one of the founders of the JOB cigarette paper company, died in 1892,.
His son-in-law Jules Pams commissioned the architect and designer Léopold Carlier to remodel Bardou's Hôtel Pams in Perpignan to his taste.
The paintings were by Paul Gervais, a fashionable artist at the time.
Gervais also decorated the casinos in Monaco and Nice and the Capitole in Toulouse.
An 1895 book reported with grave disapproval that
Around 1900 Gervais produced the painting Fright, now lost but reproduced as the frontispiece to Filson Young's The Complete Motorist (1904).
It depicted nymphs and centaurs fleeing from a car that is approaching them along a winding coast road with its headlights blazing.
The painting was exhibited at the 1904 Salon.
In 1909 he created a huge painting that covered the north wall of the Salle Empire of the Hôtel de Paris Monte-Carlo.
It depicted nubile young women playing with peacocks and cheetahs, watched by a catlike Sphinx.
Gervais made original watercolor illustrations on Japanese paper for a special edition of Le Maison sur le Nil by Pierre Louÿs, which was sold for a high price in 1909.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1859 births
1944 deaths
19th-century French painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French genre painters
French Realist painters
Artists from Toulouse
19th-century French male artists
The Tijuana River Estuary is an intertidal coastal wetland at the mouth of the Tijuana River in San Diego County, California, in the United States bordering Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. It is the location of the Tijuana River National Estuarine Research Reserve, Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge, and Border Field State Park. The estuary is a shallow water habitat. Often termed an intermittent estuary since its volume is subject to the discharge controlled by the seasons of the year, the volume of the estuary fluctuates and at times there is dry land, or flooded areas. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1973.
Ecology
The estuary is one of the few remaining salt marshes on the South Coast. Its location positions it under the path of the Pacific Flyway, where it serves as a stopover point. It is the largest remaining natural coastal area between Santa Barbara, California and San Quintín, Baja California. Three times the size of Central Park, the estuary covers about 2,500 acres. Many species of migratory and native species rely on the estuary as an essential breeding, feeding, and nesting habitat. The estuary lies within the southernmost part of San Diego County within the city limits of the South Bay city of Imperial Beach.
Prior to 1994, foot traffic by illegal immigration was a major source of top soil erosion. After 1994, off-road vehicle usage for policing has become a major cause of soil loss. Beginning in 2010, a re-vegetation effort along the Border Infrastructure System has occurred.
References
Further reading
Estuaries of California
Wetlands of California
Lagoons of San Diego County, California
Nature reserves in California
Protected areas of San Diego County, California
South Bay (San Diego County)
National Natural Landmarks in California
Landforms of San Diego County, California
Robert "Bob" Shoup, better known by his ring name The Pink Assassin, is an American retired professional wrestler and manager. He was best known for his time in International Championship Wrestling where he feuded with "Jumping" Joe Savoldi and Robbie Ellis over the ICW Junior Heavyweight Championship during the 1980s.
Shoup later moved on to the Century Wrestling Alliance where he became one of the promotion's biggest stars. During his tenure with the company, he won the CWA Cruiserweight Championship two times. After his retirement in 2001, Shoup managed a number of wrestlers on the Northeastern independent circuit including, most notably, Ox Baker's Army in the Millennium Wrestling Federation. From 2006 to 2008, he appeared at several charity wrestling shows for Power League Wrestling.
Professional wrestling career
Early career (1984–1988)
Shoup made his pro debut in 1984. He spent the first few years wrestling as Bob Van Winkle or Rob Van Winkle. In June 1984, Shoup was defeated by Len Kruger in a tournament final for the New England Wrestling Alliance's light heavyweight championship in Thomaston, Maine. Within two years, Shoup was working as a preliminary wrestler for the World Wrestling Federation. He teamed with Jim Powers against Big John Studd and Hercules (with Bobby Heenan and Freddie Blassie) on the May 12th edition of WWF Championship Wrestling.
International Championship Wrestling (1989–1995)
In 1989, Shoup began working for the Savoldi family's International Championship Wrestling in Boston, Massachusetts. He initially wrestled as The Wrestling School Dropout, a "gimmick" created by then IWCCW booker Paul Heyman, before adopting his more familiar in-ring character The Pink Assassin. A flamboyant masked wrestler with effeminate mannerisms and outlandish ring attire, he established himself as one of ICW's top heel performers. The Pink Assassin quickly rose to the top of the promotion's light heavyweight division battling "Jumping" Joe Savoldi and Robbie Ellis for the ICW Junior Heavyweight Championship during the mid-to late 1980s. Ellis regards The Pink Assassin as one of the biggest rivals of his career. He also antagonized WWF Hall of Famer Ivan Putski before departing from the company.
Century Wrestling Alliance (1995–2001)
Shoup was one of many IWCCW stars to leave the promotion in the mid-1990s in favor of Tony Rumble's Century Wrestling Alliance. In the fall of 1995, Shoup began feuding with El Marcarado over the CWA Cruiserweight Championship. He defeated El Marcarado for the title in Provincetown, Massachusetts on December 23, 1995. Shoup dropped the title to El Marcarado in Manchester, New Hampshire on March 8, 1996. On the March 30th edition of CWA March Madness, The Pink Assassin and The Lano Brothers (Dick and Mike Lano) defeated El Mascarado, Falcon and Omega in a six-man tag team match. On April 6, he managed to defeat El Mascarado via disqualification at the CWA Arena in Salisbury, Massachusetts. As the titles could only change hands via pinfall of submission, his opponent retained the championship. The Pink Assassin lost to Vic Steamboat in a match for the CWA Television Championship a week later. On July 20, The Pink Assassin scored a victory over Metal Maniac in Gloucester, Massachusetts. His feud with El Mascarado continued into the summer and fall of 1996. He regained the CWA Cruiserweight Championship in Rutland, Vermont on November 26, 1996. His remained champion for over two months before losing the title back to El Marcarado in Chelsea, Massachusetts on January 31, 1997. On October 4, 1997, The Pink Assassin and Curtis Slamdawg wrestled Jay Jaillette and The Mercenary at The Sports Palace in New Britain, Connecticut. On January 24, 1998, The Pink Assassin lost to Mike Hollow in Ridgefield, Connecticut. He began transitioning as a manager after the CWA joined the NWA. His most notable charge was Gino Martino who he "tamed" and brought to the ring in a dog collar. The Pink Assassin remained with the promotion until his retirement in 2001.
Millennium Wrestling Federation (2006)
After a five-year absence, The Pink Assassin came out of retirement to co-manage Ox Baker's Army in the Millennium Wrestling Federation. The masked wrestler made his televised debut on the March 4, 2006 episode of MWF Ultra where was introduced by Baker as the stable's "Army General". The Pink Assassin was put in charge of the faction when Ox Baker was unable to attend MFW events. Within a month of his leadership, stable member The Outpatient was suspended by the promotion after going on a tirade at a MWF Ultra TV taping; the incident stemmed from being pinned by newcomer "Black Lotus" Matt Ledge in his debut match. Later on, The Pink Assassin managed The Vachon Brothers (Pierre "The Beast" Vachon and Damien "The Pitbull" Vachon) in their match against MWF Tag Team Champions Todd Hanson and Beau Douglas. The Vachons came close to winning the titles but outside interference from Johnny Fabulous allowed the champions to escape with the belts.
Power League Wrestling (2006–2008, 2011)
At the end of the year, The Pink Assassin began appearing for charity wrestling events with Power League Wrestling based in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. On December 12, 2006, The Pink Assassin came out of retirement for Power House Brawl 2006 to wrestle fellow IWCCW alumni Gary Apollo at West Warwick High School. He also joined the 2007 Great Outdoors Tour the following summer. On August 25, The Pink Assassin was defeated by "Defenseman" Derek Molhan in Pawtucket. A month later, The Pink Assassin returned to the city where he and Iraqnid lost to Amazin Jay and Shane Simons. At Power Fest 2008, The Pink Assassin joined Maniacal Mark and Mr. Wrestling IV in a losing effort against Amazin Jay, Derek Molhan and Gary Apollo in West Warwick, Rhode Island. On June 1, The Pink Assassin lost to Doug Sommers at Nathanael Greene School. On August 2, 2008, The Pink Assassin and Mr. Wrestling VI beat Amazin Jay and Doug Summers via disqualification in Valley Falls, Rhode Island. He unsuccessfully challenged Derek Molhan for the PLW New England Championship a week later at Diamond Hill Park in Valley Falls. A week later The Pink Assassin was involved in a 9-man Olympic battle royal also involving Amazin Jay, Derek Molhan, Evan Siks, Gary Apollo, Matt Storm, Nicholas Night, Shane Simons, and Stuart The Dollmaker. In September, he was among the wrestlers in attendance at the funeral of Killer Kowalski in Malden, Massachusetts. The Pink Assassin returned to PLW three years later for the 2011 Great Outdoors Tour. On September 24, 2011, he was defeated by Sgt. Muldoon at Lees Pond Park in South Attleboro, Massachusetts.
Championships and accomplishments
Century Wrestling Alliance
CWA Cruiserweight Championship (2 times)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
PWI ranked The Pink Assassin # 279 of the 500 best singles wrestlers of the PWI 500 in 1996
PWI ranked The Pink Assassin # 342 of the 500 best singles wrestlers of the PWI 500 in 1997
References
External links
The Pink Assassin at Cagematch.net
The Pink Assassin at Wrestlingdata.com
Professional wrestling record for The Pink Assassin from The Internet Wrestling Database
Living people
Sportspeople from Boston
Professional wrestlers from Massachusetts
American male professional wrestlers
LGBT characters in professional wrestling
Professional wrestling managers and valets
Year of birth missing (living people)
Preoteşti or Preoţeşti may refer to several places in Romania:
Preoteşti, a village in Iancu Jianu Commune, Olt County
Preoţeşti, a village in Bălceşti town, Vâlcea County
Frank Dobson (born 11 June 1934) is a British former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1934 births
Living people
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from New Malden
Sportspeople from London
John William Shumaker (born 1942) is an American educator who served as president of Central Connecticut State University, the University of Louisville, and the University of Tennessee.
Early life and education
Shumaker is a native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he was born in 1942. He received a bachelor's degree in ancient Greek from the University of Pittsburgh, where he was admitted into Phi Beta Kappa. He undertook graduate study in classical studies at the University of Pennsylvania, receiving master's and doctoral degrees in 1966 and 1969, respectively. His doctoral dissertation was entitled "Homeric transformations in the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes."
University career
Shumaker began his academic career as a faculty member at Ohio State University. In 1975 he became associate dean of the College of Humanities there. He left Ohio State in 1977 for the State University of New York at Albany, where he was initially the dean of humanities and fine arts and later became vice president for academic planning and development. In 1987 he left SUNY Albany to become president of Central Connecticut State University, where he served until 1995, when he accepted the presidency of the University of Louisville. While he was at Louisville, the university increased its endowment from $183 million to more than $500 million. Shumaker worked to enhance the university's profile as a research university. He was also credited with a successful effort to build a new football stadium at Louisville which was largely funded through alumni donations; hiring Rick Pitino to coach the school's basketball team; and helping to improve the quality of the student body, as indicated by the test scores of the freshmen who enrolled at the university.
In 2002, Shumaker left Louisville to accept the University of Tennessee system presidency. The move to Tennessee increased his annual compensation to a total of $733,550, including bonuses, which reportedly made him second-highest-paid president of a U.S. public university. For comparison, his compensation at Louisville was reported by the Louisville Cardinal as $264,000 but was reported in the Chronicle of Higher Education as having been more than $600,000. When Shumaker was offered the Tennessee job, Louisville had offered to pay him a bonus of $1.5 million if he would stay until 2008, but the initiative was unsuccessful.
Controversy, resignation, and repercussions
Shumaker's tenure at the University of Tennessee ended in August 2003 when he resigned in the midst of controversy over allegations that he had misused university resources. The first allegations were made in June of that year when Knoxville, Tennessee, news media reported that the university had paid for his personal travel on a university-owned airplane. Shumaker eventually reimbursed the university more than $30,000 (more than $5,000 in July 2003, followed by more than $25,000 the following month) for his personal airplane use. In July 2003, additional questions arose regarding personal expenses that Shumaker had charged to a university credit card, a $300,000 consulting contract that the university had established with a Washington, D.C. attorney who was a long-time friend and business partner of Shumaker's without going through a bidding process, and a revelation that Shumaker had failed to tell the university that he was serving as trustee of a college in Greece. In August, it was publicly revealed that in 1995 and 1996, shortly after serving as president of Central Connecticut State University, Shumaker had received $10,000 in personal payments from Hyundai, apparently related to a $110,000 contract he had signed with Hyundai to train students at the Connecticut school. He submitted his resignation on August 8, 2003, following public requests for his resignation from at least one state senator and a member of the university's board of trustees, as well as a public statement by Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen that the controversy was hurting the university.
After Shumaker's departure from the University of Tennessee, all three of the universities where he had been president undertook audits of his spending during his presidencies. The University of Tennessee found that Shumaker had incurred $165,000 in expenses for football-related entertainment and $73,000 in expenses for holiday receptions. He also ordered $493,000 in renovations and new furnishings for his official residence, which had been remodeled at a cost of $787,597 less than a year earlier. His unauthorized purchases for the home included $97,350 for a new sun room and closet, $77,270 to create two bedrooms for his sons, a new telecommunications system that cost $64,000, a $7,000 Persian rug, two $7,400 entertainment systems, and a $4,822 gas grill. Officials in Connecticut deemed the Hyundai payments to be a violation of the state's ethics laws, but could not prosecute because of the statute of limitations.
In a 2004 interview, Shumaker said that the allegations against him were unfair or "not true." He characterized himself as having been the victim of metaphorical "piranhas." He said that the $300,000 no-bid contract had been reviewed by university attorneys and the recipient was not actually his business partner, and he defended his renovations to the University of Tennessee president's house as a necessary expense in connection with entertaining university donors.
Shumaker claimed severance pay under his employment contract with the University of Tennessee. Initially he asked for about $420,000 and at one time claimed that he was owed as much as $1.7 million, but eventually received $175,000 after reaching a settlement with the university in January 2009.
Since his departure from the University of Tennessee, Shumaker's professional activities have included assisting nonprofit organizations as a fund-raising consultant and working on rebuilding the higher education system of Afghanistan. In the fall of 2009, it was reported that he was living and working in Pakistan. In July 2013 he began a new assignment with the International Rescue Committee, a New-York based non-profit organization, as chief of party for its five-year $160 million Pakistan Reading Project, which is funded by USAID.
Shumaker Building at University of Louisville
In October 2009, the University of Louisville announced that it would rename a campus building in Shumaker's honor, commemorating his contribution to increasing the university's focus on research. The John W. Shumaker Building, completed in 2006 and renamed for Shumaker in November 2009, houses offices and labs of the University's College of Arts and Sciences and J.B. Speed School of Engineering.
Family
John Shumaker's first marriage, to Michele Deasy Shumaker, ended with her death from cancer in 1994. The couple had two sons.
In January 1996, after his move to the University of Louisville, Shumaker married Kentuckian Lucy Craig Steilberg. The couple separated in 2002 when John Shumaker moved to Knoxville, Tennessee, to assume the Tennessee presidency without his wife Lucy. The couple's divorce trial in 2003 became a source of some of the revelations that led to his departure from the University of Tennessee. The divorce became final in August 2003.
References
External links
University of Tennessee special audit report on the Office of the President, August 15, 2003
American classical scholars
Central Connecticut State University faculty
Living people
Ohio State University faculty
People from Pittsburgh
University at Albany, SUNY faculty
Presidents of the University of Louisville
University of Pennsylvania alumni
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Presidents of the University of Tennessee system
1942 births
Phyllostegia warshaueri is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Laupahoehoe phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is limited to the island of Hawaii. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This plant grows only on Mauna Kea and the Kohala Mountains of Hawaii, where its habitat is wet forests. There are four occurrences, for a total of under 20 individual plants. This liana can grow to 3 meters in length. It bears white flowers with pink upper lips.
The species is threatened by feral pigs, cattle, and introduced species of plants.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
warshaueri
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Al-Madinah (), also known as the City Center, is a district of Al-Hasakah, Syria in Syrian Arab Republic.
References
Districts of Al-Hasakah
Meq'ed Ibn H'ddri, also Meq'ed of Hothail Albogoom () was the sheikh of Hothail Albogom from the Adnanite tribe of Hothail. In the mid-19th century, he lived at Abar Alzayddi (Al-zayddi wells, which belonged to H'addri's uncle Mazyad Pasha Ibn Dhumain) to the east of Alnir mountain in Najd. He was considered one of the most prominent knights of the Arabian Peninsula and a well-known owner of Arabian horse studs, including Ma'anagi H'ddri(or Hidrigi), Saklawi H'ddri and Kuhaila H'ddri.
Horses
Ma'anagi H'ddri
Ibn H'addri captured a horse from Ibn Sbyel in a mid-19th century battle and changed its name from Ma'anagi Sbeyli to Ma'anagi H'ddri. Ma'anagi is from Um Argub or Urkub. Mohamed El Kalabi considered it as one of "Al Khamsa". It is originally from Al A'awajiyat stud, the stud of Rabi`ah Ibn Nizar Ibn Ma'ed. Al A'awajiyat is breed of Prophet Solomon's horse. A famous horse of Ma'anagi H'ddri stud is Darley. Napoleon's horse was Ma'anagi H'ddri.
Darley Arabian
Darley Arabian was one of three foundation sires of modern thoroughbred horse racing bloodstock. In 95% of modern Thoroughbred racehorses, the Y chromosome can be traced back to this single stallion.
The Darley Arabian sired Flying Childers and was the great-great-grandsire of the stallion Eclipse. The Darley Arabian was the most important sire in the history of the English Thoroughbred.
Eclipse
Eclipse (1 April 1764 – 26 February 1789) was an outstanding, undefeated 18th-century British thoroughbred. It won 18 races. It died due to colic on 26 February 1789, at age 24; His skeleton is now housed at the Royal Veterinary College.
Saklawi H'ddri
Saklawi H'ddri stud was attributed to Ibn Hidri originally for Juhail Ibn Jadraan (Saklawi Jadrani). Sheikh Faisal and Sheikh Abdullrahman Ibn Sha'lan had this stud until it was transferred to Italy. More expensive horses today belong to this stud.
Kuhaila H'ddri
Kuhaila H'ddri stud was attributed to Ibn H'addri.
References
Banu Hudhayl
People in horse racing
Arabs of the Ottoman Empire
This is a list of television programs formerly broadcast by the Canadian television channel bpm:tv, which ran from 2001 to 2015.
External links
bpm:tv
bpm:tv
USS Daniel A. Joy (DE-585) was a in service with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1965. She was scrapped the following year.
Namesake
Daniel A. Joy was named in honor of Pharmacist's Mate Second Class Daniel Albert Joy, USNR. He was born on 11 October 1918 in Waltham, Massachusetts and enlisted in the Naval Reserve on 8 February 1937. Pharmacist's Mate Joy was killed in action on 5 October 1942 while engaged in action with Japanese Forces on Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands. During the height of battle, Joy braved the fire of the enemy, making his way through to the front lines to remove the wounded and carry them to safety. His devotion to the performance of a hazardous task continued until he was killed by Japanese gunfire. As a result of his courage he was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.
Service history
World War II
Daniel A. Joy was built by Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard, in Hingham, Massachusetts. It was launched on 15 January 1944, sponsored by Mrs. D. A. Joy (widow of Petty Officer Joy), and commissioned on 28 April 1944.
Following a voyage on convoy escort duty to Bizerte, Tunisia between 2 August and 19 September 1944, Daniel A. Joy sailed from Boston 1 October and arrived at Humboldt Bay 20 November. Next day she got underway to screen reinforcements for the landings on Leyte. She remained on escort and patrol duty in the Philippines, convoying ships from New Guinea and Manus, and covering the landings at Lingayen Gulf, Mangarin Bay, and Mindoro. From 23 April to 10 August 1945 she was in the Manila Bay area engaged in local escort and antisubmarine patrol duty. From 10 August to 21 September she made two voyages to Okinawa, returning to conduct mine disposal patrols in the waters off Mindoro and standing by during the minesweeping operations in Liange Bay.
Cold War
Daniel A. Joy sailed from Samar 1 December 1945 for the west coast, arriving at San Pedro, California 22 December. On 12 August 1946 she was assigned to the 12th Naval District for duty as a Naval Reserve training vessel, and she sailed the next day for San Francisco, California. She remained on this duty until decommissioned 7 February 1949. Recommissioned 11 December of that year, she sailed from Mare Island Naval Shipyard 4 March 1950 for New Orleans, Louisiana where her screws were removed and her mast stepped down. Pontoons were secured to her sides and she was towed up the Mississippi, Illinois, and Chicago Rivers to Lake Michigan where her screws and mast were replaced. On 5 May 1950 she was placed in commission, in reserve to serve as the flagship for six patrol vessels of the 9th Naval District engaged in the training of naval reservists on the Great Lakes.
Daniel A. Joy was decommissioned on 1 May 1965 and sold for scrap to the North American Smelting Corporation in Wilmington, Delaware on 1 March 1966.
Military awards and honours
Daniel A. Joy received two battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
Rudderow-class destroyer escorts
Ships built in Hingham, Massachusetts
1944 ships
Vince Gotera (; born June 20, 1952) is an American poet and writer, best known as Editor of the North American Review. In 1996, Nick Carbó called him a "leading Filipino-American poet of this generation"; later, in 2004, Carbó described him as "one of the leading Asian American poets ... willing to take a stance against American imperialism."
Life
Born Vicente Ferrer Gotera on June 20, 1952, to Candida Fajardo Gotera and Martin Avila Gotera, immigrants from the Philippines. He was born and raised in San Francisco, but spent some time as a child in the Philippines.
In 1971, Gotera started college at Stanford University. Having a draft lottery number of 30, Gotera served in the US Army during the Vietnam War (1972–1975). After returning to college, he earned an A.A. in General Studies from City College of San Francisco (1977), a B.A. in English from Stanford (1979), and then an M.A. in English (American Literature) from San Francisco State University (1981). Gotera then moved to Indiana University, where he earned an M.F.A. in poetry (1989) and a joint (or double-major) PhD in English and in American Studies (1992).
Since 1995, Gotera has taught at the University of Northern Iowa, where he is a professor of English specializing in creative writing (both poetry and fiction) and multicultural American literature. He also taught at Humboldt State University from 1989 to 1995. Other institutions where he has taught include Indiana University, Grinnell College, and Wartburg College. He also frequently teaches creative writing at the annual Iowa Summer Writing Festival sponsored by the University of Iowa.
Gotera and Nick Carbó are the co-founders of FLIPS, a listserve for writers of Filipino ancestry and anyone interested in Filipino literature and arts. FLIPS has been a thriving cyber-community since its founding in 1997.
In 2000, Gotera was appointed Editor of the North American Review (NAR); established in 1815, the NAR is the longest-lived literary magazine in the US. Previously, he was Associate Editor of Literary Magazine Review (1995–2001) and Poetry Editor of Asian America: Journal of Culture and the Arts (1991–1993).
Works
Gotera is the author of three poetry collections, most recently Fighting Kite (Pecan Grove Press, 2007). In The Best American Poetry blog, Emma Trelles includes Fighting Kite among "a list of chapbooks well worth the read." Gotera's second poetry collection Ghost Wars was published by Final Thursday Press (2003); this chapbook won the Global Filipino Literary Award for Poetry in 2004. About Ghost Wars critic Matthew Hundley wrote, "For those of us who have not experienced war – nor have direct contact with family members who have – these poems give us a taste of the pain and pleasure that war brings about. Dragonfly (Pecan Grove Press, 1994) was Gotera's first poetry collection; critic Will Hochman called Dragonfly "a collection of poems that feels like a scalpel – in the book's cultural wingspan, Vince Gotera flies through Vietnam, rock and roll, terrorism and art with a voice that is iconoclastic, steely and real."
Gotera's work has appeared in such literary magazines as Ploughshares, Caliban, Amerasia, The Kenyon Review, The Asian Pacific American Journal, Zone 3, and others, as well as in anthologies like Contemporary Fiction by Filipinos in America, Tilting the Continent: Southeast Asian American Writing, and From Totems to Hip-Hop: A Multicultural Anthology of Poetry Across the Americas, 1900–2002.
Gotera has also published a book of literary criticism titled Radical Visions: Poetry by Vietnam Veterans (University of Georgia Press, 1994.)
In 2008, Gotera started a blog, The Man with the Blue Guitar. This blog discusses his poetry, poetics, fiction, and other literary ventures. Gotera's blog also features reprints from his 2004 book-review column in the Cedar Falls Times, titled "Of Books and Such." The title of this column is a tribute to his father Martin Gotera, who wrote a column titled "Of This and Such" in the San Francisco-based Philippine News during the '60s and '70s.
Gotera is also an emerging filmmaker. His 2009 video titled "'Maybe Dats Your Pwoblem Too' by Jim Hall" is a spoken-word performance of James W. Hall's humorous poem with Spider-Man as speaker. About this film Jim Hall wrote, "I'm honored he did such a great job with this poem. He actually performs it better than I do." "Deconstructing Cummings" is Gotera's animation of e. e. cummings's poem "l(a" – a video aimed at helping students "decode" and understand a notoriously difficult poem.
Awards
Gotera has won international, national, and local awards for his writing and teaching. In 2004, Gotera won the Global Filipino Literary Award in Poetry, an international award sponsored by the journal Our Own Voice. His national awards include a Creative Writing Fellowship in Poetry from the National Endowment for the Arts (1993), The Felix Pollak Prize in Poetry from The Madison Review (1988), the Mary Roberts Rinehart Award in poetry (1988), and an Academy of American Poets Prize (1988). He has been nominated for the Pushcart Prize three times. At the University of Northern Iowa, Gotera won a Faculty Excellence Award from the College of Humanities and Fine Arts (2006).
Bibliography
Books
(Poetry).
(Literary Criticism).
(Poetry).
(Poetry).
Poetry
Selected poems, online
"Ghost Dance." The Daily Palette (May 2007).
"Iowa Winter Haiku," "Looking for Double Victory," "Chorus of Glories." Mirror Northwest (Contemporary Poetry section).
"50 Years Later, A Woman Recalls," "Honor, 1946," "The Vietnam Vet Plays Gyruss," "Sniper, 2002," "Refusal to Write an Elegy," "Love in the Time of Al Qaeda." Our Own Voice (January 2005).
"Little Wing," "Tunnel Rat," "Veterans Day 1987." Big City Lit (June 2001).
Fiction
Selected stories, in print
"Manny's Climb." Tilting the Continent: Southeast Asian American Literature, ed. Shirley Geok-lin Lim and Cheng-Lok Chua, New Rivers Press, 2000. Reprinted in Growing Up Filipino: Stories for Young Adults, ed. Cecilia Manguerra Brainard. PALH, 2003.
"Returning Fire." Into the Fire: Asian American Prose, ed. Sylvia Watanabe and Carol Bruchac, Greenfield Review Press, 1996. Reprinted in Contemporary Fiction by Filipinos in America, ed. Cecilia Manguerra Brainard. Anvil Publishing, 1998.
Creative Nonfiction
Selected essays, online
"Moments in the Wilderness: Becoming a Filipino American Writer.", MELUS, 29.1, Filipino American Literature, (Spring 2004).
"Mentor and Friend: Yusef Komunyakaa as Teacher.", Callaloo 28.3 (2005).
Anthologies
Selected anthologized pieces, online
Films
Selected videos, online
.
Interviews
Selected interviews, online
Interview by Rustin Larson. Irving Toast, Poetry Ghost (KRUU). Audio, online (August 2009).
Interview by Paula Berinstein, "About Literary Magazines (and Submitting Work to Them)." The Writing Show: Information and Inspiration for Writers. Audio, online (August 2008).
References
External links
Online faculty bio, University of Northern Iowa.
FiledBy.com: author's webpage.
American male poets
American poets of Asian descent
American writers of Filipino descent
Stanford University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Writers from San Francisco
1952 births
Living people
University of Northern Iowa faculty
The Bank of Baroda Uganda Limited, also known as the Bank of Baroda Uganda (BBU), is a commercial bank in Uganda and a wholly owned subsidiary of Indian government owned banking and financial service company Bank of Baroda . It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the national banking regulator.
Overview
BBU is involved in all aspects of commercial banking, focusing on large corporations, small and medium enterprises, and individuals. BBU is a subsidiary of the Bank of Baroda (BoB), an international bank with headquarters in Mumbai, India. BBU is listed on the Uganda Securities Exchange (USE) where it trades under the symbol "BOBU". As of December 2019, BBU had total assets of (US$498,172,000), with shareholders' equity of (US$104,885,000).
History
BoB opened its first overseas branches in Mombasa, Kenya and Kampala, Uganda in 1953. BBU commenced operations in Uganda on 18 December 1953, initially as an overseas branch of BoB. On 1 November 1969, BBU was incorporated in Uganda. In 1972, BBU acquired the banking business of the Bank of India Uganda Limited, and the government of Uganda acquired a 49 percent shareholding in BBU, leaving BoB with a 51 percent shareholding. In 1999, the government divested its 49 percent shareholding, returning full ownership of BBU to BoB. In November 2002, BBU offered 20 percent of its shares to institutional and private investors on the USE through an initial public offering.
Subsidiaries
BBU owns all of Baroda Capital Markets (Uganda) Limited, which was established in 1993. The subsidiary is a broker/dealer in capital markets and is licensed by Uganda's Capital Markets Authority (CMA). The Baroda brokerage is a member of the CMA Governing Council.
Ownership
The following table shows the ten largest shareholders of BBU stock, as of 31 December 2018.
Branch network
, BBU had a branch network in all parts of Uganda, including:
Head Office - 18 Kampala Road, Kampala (Main Branch)
Railway Station Branch - Esso Corner, 6 Jinja Road, Kampala
Industrial Area Branch - 37–43 Mulwana Road, Kampala
Kololo Branch - 31 Kira Road, Kololo, Kampala
Kansanga Branch - 70/378 Kampala–Ggaba Road, Kansanga, Kampala
Ovino Market Branch - 24–28 Rashid Khamis Road, Old Kampala, Kampala
Kawempe Branch - Shree Hari Complex, 35/36 Kawempe-Bombo Road, Kawempe
Entebbe Branch - 24 Gowers Road, Entebbe
Mukono Branch - 59-67 Kampala-Jinja Road, Mukono
Jinja Branch - 16 a&b Iganga Road, Jinja
Lugazi Branch - SCOUL Secondary School Premises, Jinja Road, Lugazi
Iganga Branch - 84A & 84B Main Street, Iganga
Mbale Branch - Baroda House, 3 Pallisa Road, Mbale
Mbarara Branch - 11 Masaka Road, Mbarara
Kabale Branch - 94 Kabale Road, Kabale
Lira Branch - 2 Aputi Road, Lira, Uganda.
See also
List of banks in Uganda
Banking in Uganda
Bank of Baroda Tanzania Limited
References
External links
Official website
Bank of Baroda India Website
Uganda Securities Exchange Website
Baroda to replace ATMs with cash recycler machines. As of 10 April 2020.
Banks of Uganda
Bank of Baroda
Companies listed on the Uganda Securities Exchange
Banks established in 1953
1953 establishments in Uganda
Companies based in Kampala
Trail is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 702. It has a post office with a ZIP code of 97541.
Trail lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 227 and Oregon Route 62, just north of Shady Cove and west of Lost Creek Lake, a reservoir of the Rogue River. Trail is located around the mouth of Trail Creek at the Rogue River.
Demographics
Climate
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Trail has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jackson County, Oregon
Census-designated places in Oregon
Census-designated places in Jackson County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Najvažnije je biti zdrav (Being healthy is what's most important) is the debut studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Croatian independent record label Search & Enjoy in 1990. The album was released in LP and cassette format only and was rereleased on CD only as a part of the compilation album Obojeni program, which included of material from their first two studio albums.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Obojeni Program.
Personnel
The band
Bedov Miroslav — bass guitar
Radić Robert — drums
Bukurov Branislav — guitar
Babić Branislav "Kebra" — vocals
Žilnik Maša — vocals
Additional personnel
Momir Grujić "Fleka" — design [colouring and packaging]
Branislav Rašić — photography by
Dušan Kojić "Koja" — production
Miroslav Dukić "Geza" — recorded by
References
Najvažnije je biti zdrav at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Obojeni Program albums
1990 albums
Sheep on the Road is an outdoor sculpture located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is a life-size bronze of six sheep and a shepherd, sculpted in 1991 by acclaimed Northern Irish sculptor, Deborah Brown.
The sculpture was first commissioned by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland for their sculpture garden at Riddell Hall, Belfast. In 1999, it was purchased by Laganside Corporation and moved to the entrance of Waterfront Hall.
References
See also
List of public art in Belfast
Outdoor sculptures in Northern Ireland
Sheep in art
1991 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
FRBC may refer to:
Forge Road Bible Chapel, Perry Hall, Maryland
Franklin Road Baptist Church, Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Flint River Baptist Church, Hazel Green, Alabama
French Racing and Breeding Committee, a nonprofit organisation entrusted with the promotion of the French horse racing and breeding industry abroad
Peters Lake () is a lake in the municipality of Kearney, Parry Sound District in central Ontario, Canada. It is in the Lake Huron drainage basin.
Peters Lake has an area of and lies at an elevation of . The lake eventually drains via the Magnetawan River system to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.
References
Lakes of Parry Sound District
The 1998 Alaska gubernatorial general election took place on November 3, 1998. The election resulted in a landslide for the Democratic incumbent, Tony Knowles, who had won the 1994 gubernatorial election by only 536 votes. Knowles was the first incumbent governor to attain re-election since 1978. , this was the last time a Democrat was elected Governor of Alaska and also the last time an Alaskan governor won a second full term.
Candidates
Incumbent Democratic governor Tony Knowles was up for re-election. On the Republican side, three major candidates jockeyed for the nomination: businessman John Howard Lindauer, state senator Robin L. Taylor, and Wayne A. Ross. Lindauer won the open primary election, with Taylor coming in second. Jim Sykes, founder of the Green Party of Alaska, ran on that party's ticket, but Desa Jacobsson later replaced him on the ballot. Ray Metcalfe, a defecting Republican who had founded the Republican Moderate Party of Alaska, also ran.
Campaign
Lindauer's campaign faltered late into the race as a result of his failure to disclose that his wife, a wealthy Chicago lawyer, had financed the bulk of his campaign. As a result of this revelation, the Republicans withdrew their support of Lindauer and backed Robin Taylor, the runner-up of the Republican primary, as a write-in candidate. Due to the lateness of this change, the Republicans unsuccessfully attempted to obtain a court order to delay the election. The collapse of Lindauer's campaign resulted in a three-way split of the Republican vote between him, Taylor, and the Republican Moderate Metcalfe.
Knowles defeated Taylor, his closest opponent, by 33%, the widest margin of victory for a gubernatorial candidate in Alaska history. Moreover, if Taylor's and Lindauer's totals are added together, Knowles defeated the two Republicans combined by 16% – still the widest margin in Alaska history until 2010. This was also the first time since 1970 that any candidate won an outright majority of the vote in an Alaska gubernatorial election.
Results
Republican primary
General election
References
Governor
1998
Alaska
"Mob Ties" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from his album, Scorpion (2018). It was released as the seventh single from the album on January 6, 2019. The song was produced by Boi-1da and Allen Ritter. The song features additional background vocals by Asheley Turner. It reached the top 20 in Canada and the United States.
Composition
"Mob Ties" is a trap song that contains samples from Nas's song "Affirmative Action" (1996).
Commercial performance
North America
On July 14, 2018, "Mob Ties" entered the charts at number 11 and spent 13 weeks on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and remained in the top 100 until October 6, 2018. The song spent eight weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100, entering the charts at number 13, its immediate peak, on July 14, 2018.
Internationally
The song has peaked in the top 40 in Australia, Greece, Portugal and has charted on the charts of Austria, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Slovakia, and Sweden.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2018 songs
2019 singles
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by Boi-1da
Songs written by Allen Ritter
Songs written by Samuel Barnes (songwriter)
Songs written by Nas
Songs written by Jean-Claude Olivier
Song recordings produced by Allen Ritter
Songs written by Foxy Brown (rapper)
Songs written by Vory
Trap music songs
Lallianzuala Chhangte (born 8 June 1997) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Indian Super League club Mumbai City and the India national team.
Career
Youth career
Lallianzuala was picked up by DSK Shivajians's Liverpool International Football Academy in 2014 to play for their under-18 team's debut season in the 2014-15 I-League U19 season. He finished the season as the top scorer in the league with 16 goals and helped his team qualify for the final round, where they finished in the 7th position. Impressed with his form, India U19's coach Lee Johnson called him up to represent the AIFF in the 2015 Asia U18 Champions Trophy, where the team reached the semi finals before losing to Japan's Kashima Antlers over two legs. He was retained by DSK to play in the re-formatted 2015–16 I-League U18, where he helped his team qualify for the final round again with 9 goals in his name from the Maharashtra zone. DSK finished 3rd in the final round of the playoffs, where he scored 2 more goals, thus taking his tally to 11 for the season.
In March 2016, Lallianzuala along with his club teammate, Jerry Mawihmingthanga trained at Liverpool's youth academy at Kirkby after impressing the youth coaches at DSK's LFC academy in India.
NorthEast United
Even though Chhangte signed his first professional contract with DSK Shivajians, he was loaned to NorthEast United FC to make his professional debut in the 2016 Indian Super League season. He made just one appearance for the club, that was against Mumbai City FC as a substitute for Robin Gurung on 5 November 2016 in the 74th minute of the match, which ended in a 0–1 defeat for NorthEast United. After NorthEast United failed to qualify for the finals, Chhangte returned to DSK Shivajians.
DSK Shivajians
Chhangte returned to DSK Shivajians after his loan term at NorthEast United for the 2016-17 I-League season. He played his debut match for the club against Mumbai FC on 8 January 2017, which DSK ended up losing 1–0. He scored his first professional goal and debut goal for DSK Shivajians on 11 March against Mumbai FC in the second match against them that season, which they won in a huge score of 5–0, where Chhangte scored his goal in the 67th minute of the game after coming in as a substitute for Sumeet Passi. Chhangte then played his last match for DSK on 20 April against Minerva Punjab FC, which ended in a high scoring 4–4 draw.
Delhi Dynamos
For 2017–18 Indian Super League season he was picked by Delhi Dynamos (current Odisha FC) from the draft for 27 lakh rupees. He scored on his debut match for the club on 22 November 2017 on the club's first match of the season against FC Pune City, which they ended up winning 2–3 after final whistle. Chhangte scored his second goal of the season on 14 January 2018 in a 2–0 victory over Bengaluru FC. He scored his third goal of the season against Mumbai City FC on 27 February, which they emerged as winners with a huge of score 5–1, where Chhangte scored the last goal of the match. Chhangte thus ended his 2017–18 season with three goals. Chhangte stayed at the club for the 2018–19 Indian Super League season. He played his first match of the season against Pune City in the club's opening match of the season on 3 October 2018, which ended in a 1–1 draw. He scored his first goal of the season against Jamshedpur FC on 4 November, which ended in a 2–2 draw. Chhangte scored his second goal of the season on 8 November in a 3–2 defeat against FC Goa. He scored again on 3 December against Mumbai City FC, where he opened the scoresheet in the 3rd minute of the game, which eventually turned out to be a defeat for Delhi, as they conceded four goals later, resulting in a 2–4 defeat. Chhangte scored his fourth goal of the season on 12 December in 2–1 defeat over Jamshedpur FC. Chhangte scored his last goal of the season and last goal for Delhi against Pune City on 24 February 2019, which ended in a 1–3 victory for Delhi. Chhangte ended his last campaign with Delhi Dynamos with five goals in his name from that season.
Trials with Viking FK
While being at Delhi Dynamos, Chhangte went on for trials with Norwegian club, Viking FK for 10 days. After leaving Delhi Dynamos, he was called up for a second trial with the Norwegian club, after failing in his first stint. He later returned from Norway to India after failing to materialize his second stint into a permanent deal.
Chennaiyin
After Chhangte failed in his second extended trial with Viking FK, on 30 August 2019, it was announced that Chhangte had joined Chennaiyin FC from Delhi Dynamos on a two year contract. Chhangte played his debut match for the club on 23 October 2019 in a 3–0 defeat against FC Goa. He scored his debut goal for the club in the Southern Derby against Kerala Blasters FC on 20 December, which they won 3–1 after the final whistle. He scored his second of the season on 23 January 2020 in a 4–1 victory over Jamshedpur FC. He scored a brace in the second match of the season against the South Indian rivals, Kerala Blasters FC on 1 February, which they won with a score of 3–6 in one of the high scoring matches in the history of the Indian Super League. Chhangte scored his next on 25 February against NorthEast United, where he scored the equaliser in the injury time, thereby taking the match to a 2–2 draw. Chennaiyin had a staggering campaign, as they went on to qualify for the knockout stages of the 2019–20 Indian Super League season. Chennaiyin FC met FC Goa in the semi finals. Chhangte played in the first leg of the semi final match against FC Goa on 29 February, where he scored a goal, resulting in the 4–1 victory of Chennaiyin in the first leg. Chhangte scored again in the second leg on 7 March, which they lost 4–2, but qualified through to the final due to the aggregate score of 6–5. He started in the final against ATK on 14 March, which they ended up losing 3–1. Chhangte had a standout season, as he scored seven goal throughout the campaign, thus becoming the second top Indian goalscorer of the season, behind Sunil Chhetri. Chhangte played his first match of the 2020–21 Indian Super League season on 24 November 2021 in a 1–2 victory over Jamshedpur FC. He scored his first goal of the season on 26 December 2020 against East Bengal, where he opened the scoresheet of match, which ended in a 2–2 draw. Chhangte found the net again in the match against FC Goa on 13 February 2021, which ended in a 2–2 draw after a late goal by FC Goa. He scored a brace against NorthEast United on 18 February in the next matchday, which ended in a dramatic 3–3 draw. Chhangte thus ended his 2020–21 campaign with four goals in his name.
International career
Lallianzuala represented India U19s for the 2016 AFC U-19 Championship qualification, appearing three times in a disappointing campaign. He was called up for Indian squad for to take part in the 2015 SAFF Championship. He made his debut for India on 25 December 2015 against Sri Lanka in the tournament, where he started as a substitute for Robin Singh in 77th minute of the match, which India won 2–0. He became 502nd player to represent the Indian national team. On 27 December, Chhangte scored his debut goal for India, as he scored a brace in their 4–1 victory over Nepal in the same competition. By those goals, he became the then third youngest goalscorer for India's senior national team at the age of 18 years 140 days after Jerry Zirsanga at 16 years 311 days and Baichung Bhutia at the age of 18 years 90 days.
He represented India in the 2018 SAFF Championship, where he netted one goal after a 1−0 lead against Sri Lanka on 5 September 2018, helping India to win their first group match by 2−0. Chhangte was called up for the Indian squad to take part in the 2019 Intercontinental Cup. He scored a goal in India's second match against North Korea on 13 July 2019 while India was trailing by 0-3, which India lost 2−5 after the final whistle. After his impressive form in the ISL, he was included in the squad for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Personal life
Chhangte was born in Lunglei, Mizoram. His father was a teacher. He began to play football since grade one. His brother CVL Remtluanga is a footballer, who currently plays for the reserve side of Odisha FC. Chhangte's favorites in football are; former England international, Frank Lampard and current Portugal international, Cristiano Ronaldo.
Style of play
Chhangte is a fast player, who has an incredible top speed of 35.80 km/hr. He is called 'Mizo Flash' due to his pace. He is a versatile player with perfect positioning and dribbling ability who exactly knows how to finish a goal. His skills and vision on the pitch make him one of the most important players for India.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list India's goal tally first
Honours
India
SAFF Championship: 2015; runner-up: 2018
King's Cup third place: 2019
India U23
South Asian Games Silver medal: 2016
Chennaiyin
Indian Super League: runner-up 2019–20
Mumbai City
Durand Cup runner-up: 2022
Individual
Durand Cup Golden Boot: 2022
References
External links
Lallianzuala Chhangte at All India Football Federation
Lallianzuala Chhangte at Indian Super League
1997 births
Living people
People from Lunglei
Indian footballers
Footballers from Mizoram
Association football forwards
India youth international footballers
India international footballers
Indian Super League players
I-League players
NorthEast United FC players
DSK Shivajians FC players
Odisha FC players
Chennaiyin FC players
Mumbai City FC players
South Asian Games silver medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in football
Longcao Road () is an interchange station between Lines 3 and 12 of the Shanghai Metro. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to . The interchange with Line 12 opened on 19 December 2015 when that line was extended southwest from to .
Station Layout
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 12, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
The 2020 Overwatch League season is the third season of the Overwatch League (OWL), a professional esports league for the video game Overwatch. The regular season began on February 8, 2020, and concluded on August 23. It was the first season that the league implemented a city-based, home-and-away format, with teams traveling between the global home venues to play regular season matches, making the OWL the first major esports league to feature such a format. However, this format was abandoned on March 31 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and all matches were thereafter played online, with the league introducing three midseason tournaments.
An expanded 20-team postseason began on September 3. The Grand Finals bracket began on October 8, with the Grand Finals occurring on October 10. The San Francisco Shock won the Grand Finals over the Seoul Dynasty to win their second straight OWL championship.
League changes announced prior to season
Schedule
Prior to the 2020 season, the majority of all OWL matches took place at Blizzard Arena in Burbank, California. In the 2019 season, three homestand weekends took place – the Dallas Fuel Homestand Weekend hosted by the Dallas Fuel, the Atlanta Reign Homestand Weekend hosted by the Atlanta Reign, and the Kit Kat Rivalry Weekend hosted by the Los Angeles Valiant – in efforts to test how a completely localized match schedule would work. For the 2020 season, the league adopted a "homestand" model. Every team was to host two to five homestands throughout the season. Each team would still play 28 matches and would be responsible for the selection and operation of their respective home venues. In addition to homestands, every team would have been required to host at least three team events for the community in their respective home cities. The season marked the first time that a major esports league featured a city-based, home-and-away format.
In the 2018 and 2019 seasons, the Overwatch League equally divided teams into two divisions – the Atlantic and Pacific. With the large amount of travelling that was to take place in the homestand model, the Atlantic and Pacific Divisions were renamed to the Atlantic and Pacific Conferences, and each conference was equally subdivided into two divisions, the Pacific East and West Divisions and the Atlantic North and South Divisions. The smaller divisions were implemented in efforts to reduce the amount of time and money spent on travel.
With the large amount of localized play and travel, the season was no longer split into four stages. Instead, a midseason tournament was to be held at the same time as the All-Star Weekend. The tournament would have featured the Atlantic and Pacific Conference leaders as well as the next best two teams, regardless of conference, based on the regular season standings through Week 10.
Rules
In the prior seasons, the winner of each match was determined by a best-of-four map series, with a fifth tiebreaker map, if necessary. The league announced at BlizzCon that match winners would be determined by a first-to-three map series, similar to that of the 2019 playoffs. Activision Blizzard senior director of product strategy and business operations Jon Spector noted that due to the elimination of Stage Playoffs, map differential would be less important, as it is not very likely that many teams would have the same regular season record heading into the playoffs. Every match still begins with a control map followed by a rotation between assault, escort, and hybrid maps. Similar to previous seasons, should a match still be tied after four maps, a fifth tiebreaker map will be played on a control map.
After the announcement of hero pools in Overwatch for the competitive season starting in February 2020, the league announced that it would adopt the hero pool system beginning in the fourth week of play in March in effort to prevent stagnant metas. Each week, the league randomly selects one tank, two damage, and one support hero from a list of the most played heroes in the OWL from the previous two weeks of play; these heroes are then considered "banned" and cannot be selected during that week. Banned heroes cannot be banned in the immediately-following week. The hero pool system is only used in the regular season, and will not be enforced during the midseason tournament, the play-in tournament, and the playoffs.
Prize pool
The total prize pool remained unchanged at , although the allocation changed due to the discontinuation of Stage Playoffs. The Midseason Tournament champions will win $500,000, the runners-up will win $250,000, and the third and fourth place teams will earn $150,000. The All-Star event will have a prize pool for the first time, with a total pool of $250,000. For the postseason earnings, the Grand Champion team will earn $1.5 million (up from $1.1 million), second place will earn $800,000 (up from $600,000), third place will earn $500,000 (up from $450,000), fourth place will earn $300,000 (down from $350,000), fifth and sixth place will earn $200,000 (down from $300,000), and seventh and eighth place will earn $100,000 (down from $200,000).
Broadcasting
Prior to the start of the season, several of the shoutcasters for the League, including Malik Forté, Auguste "Semmler" Massonnat, Christopher "MonteCristo" Mykles, Erik "DoA" Lonnquist, and Chris Puckett, left for various reasons ranging from dissatisfaction with their salaries to concerns over the new management of the league following Nate Nanzer's departure as league commissioner in 2019.
YouTube has replaced Twitch as exclusive broadcaster of the league, as part of a deal covering all Activision Blizzard esports events. The company also announced a deal to make Google Cloud Platform the preferred infrastructure provider for its game servers.
Rule and schedule changes due to COVID-19
Homestand events
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Blizzard cancelled all four homestand events planned in China in February and March 2020. Four of the teams in the league are based in China, where travel restrictions and quarantines from the outbreak were enacted; the restrictions affected teams that were traveling to China to play matches there. Two of the Chinese teams, Guangzhou Charge and Shanghai Dragons, announced the relocation of their teams to South Korea, while the Chengdu Hunters remained in China. The cancelled matches were originally planned to be rescheduled in Seoul, South Korea during two weekends in March, with some matches being played during Seoul Dynasty's homestand event the same month. However, Blizzard later cancelled all South Korean events in March 2020, including the Dynasty homestand, over concerns of the outbreak. In March, French Health Minister Olivier Véran announced that all public gatherings of more than 1,000 people were banned in the country until April 15; the ban effectively cancelled the Paris Eternal homestand event that was scheduled to be held April 11–12. After the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 virus a global pandemic on March 11, the Overwatch League announced that it would be cancelling all remaining scheduled live events in March and April.
Regions
For the March and April matches, the league abandoned the Atlantic and Pacific conferences and instead divided teams into three groups based on geography – Atlantic, Pacific, and China – where teams would only play intra-regionally in an effort to reduce latency. Due to the inequity of the number of games played by each team, the All-Star Weekend was moved to the postseason, while the Midseason Tournament was canceled altogether. On March 31, the Overwatch League announced that they were abandoning the Homestand model entirely in favor of moving matches for the remainder of the season online.
Midseason tournaments
On April 26, the league introduced the league announced a new tournament structure for the month of May called the May Melee. The league divided the 20 teams into two geographical regions, 13 in North America and 7 in Asia, where teams would only play interregionally. After three weeks of play, the top teams from each region played in their respective regional tournament. Teams earned $5000 for each win in the tournaments (with receiving a bye counting as a win) and earned a bonus win towards their regular season standings for each win after, and including, the quarterfinals. There were no hero pools for the tournaments, and winners were determined by which team won three maps, except for the finals, which were determined by which team won four maps. Following the conclusion of the May Melee, the league announced two more tournaments with the same ruleset for the months of June and July – the Summer Showdown and the Countdown Cup, respectively.
Season playoffs
On July 15, the league announced its playoff format for the season. All 20 teams played in the postseason, with teams divided by the same two regions as the three midseason tournaments. The lowest seeds played in regional play-in tournaments. Twelve total teams qualified for the season playoffs split into two regional brackets. In the North America region, eight teams qualified for the North America Bracket, and in the Asia region, four teams qualified for the Asia Bracket. Each playoff bracket is a double-elimination tournament. However, the winners of the upper and lower finals in each respective bracket did not face each other. Instead, they qualified for the Grand Finals bracket – another double-elimination tournament. The winners of the upper and lower bracket in the Grand Finals bracket will play in the Grand Finals match.
Regular season
North America
Asia
May Melee
Qualifiers
North America
Asia
Knockouts
North America
Asia
Summer Showdown
Qualifiers
North America
Asia
Knockouts
North America
Asia
Countdown Cup
Qualifiers
North America
Asia
Knockouts
North America
Asia
Postseason
Play-in tournaments
The play-in tournaments were two regional single-elimination tournaments that took place September 3–5. All match winners were determined by which team wins three maps. The winners of each first round match advanced to the second round. The teams that qualified for a bye into the second round each selected which opponent they would face between the winners of the first round (or the Toronto Defiant or Seoul Dynasty in the North America and Asia region, respectively). The winners of the second round advanced to the playoffs.
North America bracket
Asia
Playoffs
The playoffs will be contested by twelve teams – eight from the North America region and four from the Asia region. The top two teams from each region's respective playoff bracket will qualify for the Grand Finals bracket, where the final two teams in the Grand Finals bracket will play in the Grand Finals match.
North America
Asia bracket
Grand Finals bracket
Awards
Individual awards
Role Stars
Source:
All-Star Games
The 2020 Overwatch League All-Star Games will be the Overwatch League's third edition of an all-star game that involves the All-Star players of the league. For the first time, the All-Stars will be split into two regions – Asia and North America. The Asia All-Star Game will be played on September 26, while the North America All-Star Game will be played on October 3. Both games will be the culmination of their respective All-Star Weekend, an event that consists of the Talent Takedown, a Widowmaker 1v1 tournament, and other various skills challenges.
Winnings
Teams in the 2020 season competed for a total prize pool of across midseason tournaments and playoffs. By League rules, at least 50% of these winnings are split among the team's members, the remaining going to the team's owner.
References
External links
Overwatch
Overwatch League season 2020
Origin
Known since 1700 AD, Matunga was a cluster of villages, which later on were brought under a single governing umbrella by the ruling British. The area was called Marubai Tekdi Gaon, which is said was shortened to MaTunGa (Matunga). Marubai is the traditional Gaondevi (village Goddess) of Matunga whose small temple existed under a peepal tree at King's Circle.
The then British Government planned to develop Bombay (Mumbai). Under the provisions of the City of Bombay Improvement Act, 1898, certain lands situated within the Island of Bombay were required for public purpose namely the Matunga Road Scheme, now the road is known as Dr. B. R. Ambedkar Road. So the authorities then decided to shift the Marubai temple from the Kings Circle peepal tree to a different location as it came in the way of the road building plan. However, they had to face tremendous opposition from the residents who feared they would invite the wrath of the Goddess if they shifted Her from Her original location.
The residents of the village then once again managed the new temple. In 1952 the Marubai Trust was formed under the Bombay Public Trust Act with Registration Number as “A2222(Mumbai)” .
Trustees
The trustees presently managing the temple are descendants of those families who are managing the temple for last centuries. The First Trustee Shri. Kashinath Bhikaji Gavand was appointed in the same year. He was the father of present Managing Trustee Shri. Anil Gavand. After death of Shri. Kashinath Gavand, Shri. Anil Gavand was appointed the Managing Trustee in 1987.
External links
The official website
Mumbai's Marubai - A DNA Report
A Place to Visit!
Hindu temples in Maharashtra
Iain Watson Gallaway (26 December 192218 April 2021) was a New Zealand broadcaster, lawyer and cricketer. He was a commentator on the radio station Radio Sport, and a first-class cricketer. Between January 2021 and his death, Gallaway was New Zealand's oldest living first-class cricketer.
Early life
Gallaway was born in Dunedin, Otago, on 26 December 1922. He attended Christ's College, Christchurch, and the University of Otago. His first job was as a cadet reporter for the Otago Daily Times.
Gallaway served in the Royal New Zealand Navy during World War II, patrolling the Atlantic and the North Sea on a D-class cruiser. After his stint in the navy, he studied law at the University of New Zealand in Dunedin and worked as a lawyer in the Dunedin firm that is now Gallaway Cook Allan. He went on to become an officer of the Otago Law Society and the New Zealand Law Society.
Career
Gallaway played three first-class cricket matches for Otago between 1946 and 1948 as a right-handed lower-order batsman and wicketkeeper. In his first match against Wellington he took six catches. He also acted as an international rugby referee, officiating a Southland match against Australia in 1949, and West Coast against the British Lions the following year.
In a radio commentary career that extended from 1953 to 1992, Gallaway broadcast about 500 rugby matches and numerous cricket matches, mostly from the Carisbrook ground in Dunedin. He retired after the 1992 Cricket World Cup, concerned that his declining eyesight would cause him to make incorrect calls. The final match he broadcast was New Zealand's victory over India in the round-robin stage. Gallaway's book Not a Cloud in the Sky: The Autobiography of Iain Gallaway was published five years later in 1997. He was the official patron of the Otago Cricket Association until his death.
Honours and recognition
Gallaway was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the 1978 Queen's Birthday Honours, for services to rugby and cricket. In the 1986 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was made a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for community service, specifically for his work as chancellor of the Anglican Diocese of Dunedin over a quarter of a century. He received a Halberg Award for services to sport in 1999. Gallaway was awarded life membership of New Zealand Cricket in 2010.
Upon the death of Alan Burgess on 6 January 2021, Gallaway became the oldest living New Zealand first-class cricketer. When Gallaway died, that honour passed to Peter Arnold.
Personal life
Gallaway was married to his wife, Virginia, until her death. Together, they had four children, Sarah, Annie, Garth, and Alice. Garth has worked as a cricket commentator on Radio Sport and as a lawyer in Christchurch, and is Chair of the Arts Foundation of New Zealand.
Gallaway died on 18 April 2021, at the age of 98.
References
External links
Iain Gallaway on air at Te Ara: The Encyclopedia of New Zealand
1922 births
2021 deaths
People educated at Christ's College, Christchurch
University of New Zealand alumni
Royal New Zealand Navy personnel of World War II
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
New Zealand broadcasters
New Zealand cricket commentators
New Zealand rugby union commentators
20th-century New Zealand lawyers
Companions of the Queen's Service Order
New Zealand Members of the Order of the British Empire
New Zealand autobiographers
Wicket-keepers
Pastukh () is a Ukrainian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ivan Pastukh (born 1998), Ukrainian footballer
Taras Pastukh (born 1978), Ukrainian politician
See also
Ukrainian-language surnames
The San Juan 33S (sometimes just called the San Juan 33) is an American sailboat that was designed by David Pedrick as racer and first built in 1981.
Production
The design was built by the Clark Boat Company in Kent, Washington, United States from 1981 to 1982, but it is now out of production.
Design
The San Juan 33S is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass. It has a fractional sloop rig with aluminum spars, a raked stem, a reverse transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel fitted.
The boat may be optionally fitted with an inboard engine for docking and maneuvering. The fresh water tank has a capacity of .
A galley is optional and can include a two-burner stove. A head is also optional and can be a marine type or portable. If fitted, it is located in the bow. Sleeping accommodation consists of four single settee berths, along with sail storage space.
For sailing all halyards are led to the cockpit. The cockpit also has six winches, two primary, two secondary and two for the spinnaker. The mainsail features a mainsheet traveler, jiffy reefing and a reefing flattening system. The boat is also equipped with a boom vang, an internal mainsail outhaul and an optional jib headfoil (a headsail airfoil-shaped reinforcement). The standing rigging is of steel rod and there is an adjustable split backstay to shape the highly flexible mast.
The design has a Portsmouth Yardstick racing average handicap of 76.2.
Operational history
In a 1994 review Richard Sherwood wrote, "this San Juan is designed for racing, and accommodations are somewhat austere. She is ultra light. The fractional rig allows for a larger-than-normal mainsail; the smaller foresails are easier to handle. The unusually narrow beam means that initial stability is limited, but the ballast/displacement ratio of 60 percent is very high. The designer claims that the only need for a genoa to replace the self-tending jib is in very light airs."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
C&C 3/4 Ton
C&C SR 33
DB-1
DB-2
Hobie 33
Tartan Ten
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by David Pedrick
Sailboat types built by Clark Boat Company
Christy Zakarias (born 19 July 1998; 23 years old), also known as Christy Zee, is an Indonesian humanitarian public figure from Bekasi, Indonesia. She was the first Indonesian to receive the International Diana Memorial Award in 2013. Zakarias was awarded by former British Prime Minister David Cameron and British diplomat Mark Canning for co-founding and leading Riveria, a charity that teaches underprivileged Indonesian children English, when she was an eighth grader.
Zakarias graduated from high school as a valedictorian from Sinarmas World Academy (SWA) in 2015. She then received a BSc with honours in Neuroscience from University College London (UCL) in 2018. Also a budding music producer, Zakarias has worked with artists such as Dua Lipa, Conor Maynard, and Cheat Codes in the past under the pen name "Zee" as a ghostwriter/songwriter for Universal Music Group Global.
Discography
Songwriting Credits
"Call Me Out" and "You Say" by Sarah Close
"By Your Side" by Jonas Blue & RAYE
"Genesis" by Dua Lipa
"Streets of Gold" by Isaiah Firebrace
"Thinking About You" by Alex Aiono
"Enemies" by Lauv
Mixing Credits
"Grenade" by G.O.A.T
"This Is My Version" by Conor Maynard
"Sober" by Cheat Codes & Nicky Romero
Arrangement Credits
"More" by The Citrus Clouds
References
Indonesian women activists
Humanitarians
Living people
1998 births
21st-century Indonesian women musicians
The 1907 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their twelfth and final season in existence. The decrease in community interest and the change of the team from the professional ranks to a local amateur status in 1907, coincided with John Brallier's last year as a player, all led to the team folding. The team finished 5-2-2 in 1907.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Jason Paul Buha (born February 6, 1975) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.
Buha joined the PGA Tour in 2000, earning his card through qualifying school. He struggled during his rookie year on Tour and was unable to retain his Tour card. He joined the Nationwide Tour in 2001 where he recorded four top-10 finishes. The following year he recorded seven top-10 finishes and won the Dayton Open en route to an 11th-place finish on the money list, good enough for a PGA Tour card for 2003. He struggled in his return to the PGA Tour and returned to the Nationwide Tour in 2004. In his return to the Nationwide Tour he recorded five top-10 finished including two runner-up finishes. He would continue to play on the Nationwide Tour until 2006.
Buha was the head coach for the golf team at Birmingham–Southern College from 2009 to 2013 and is now the Assistant Director of Financial Aid. He was also an on-course commentator for the Golf Channel. He opened Buha Golf Academy at the Renaissance Ross Bridge Golf Resort and Spa in Birmingham, Alabama in 2007. He closed the Academy to focus on coaching golf and working for Birmingham–Southern College.
Buha currently lives in Mountain Brook, Alabama (a suburb of Birmingham).
Amateur wins (1)
1996 Eastern Amateur
Professional wins (2)
Nationwide Tour wins (1)
Nationwide Tour playoff record (0–1)
Other wins (1)
1999 Hooters Classic (NGA Hooters Tour)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Note: Buha only played in the U.S. Open.
See also
1999 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2002 Buy.com Tour graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Duke Blue Devils men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golf writers and broadcasters
College golf coaches in the United States
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Michigan
Golfers from Alabama
Sportspeople from Dearborn, Michigan
People from Mountain Brook, Alabama
1975 births
Living people
The Buck Steam Station is a 369-MW formerly coal-fired electrical power plant, owned by Duke Energy. There are also three natural gas-fueled combustion turbines at the location that provide an additional 93 MW (and which began operation in 1970), and two natural gas-fueled combined cycle turbines are planned for the near future. Remaining coal-fired units (IDs 5-9) were decommissioned in mid-2011 and April 2013, with only natural gas units (11C and 12C) remaining.
History
Steam plant
The Buck Steam Station was built in 1926. It is named after a co-founder of Duke Energy, James Buchanan "Buck" Duke. The plant was originally three units, but a fourth was added when the company bought up an order cancelled by the Pentagon.
Dukeville, North Carolina was built as a mill village along the banks of the Yadkin River in 1926 to house plant employees of the Buck Steam Station. In 2014, Dukeville residents were told that "coal ash pits near their homes could be leaching dangerous materials into groundwater."
Addition of combined cycle turbines
In 2007, Duke Energy began to pursue permission to add two new combined cycles, natural gas-fired, 620 MW generating units to its fleet: one at the Dan River Steam Station in Rockingham County, the other at the Buck Steam Station. This was done in order to diversify the company's fuel sources, expand its generating capacity, and to modernize its energy generation by moving away from less efficient, more polluting coal. When the two turbines were added, two of the four older coal units were to go offline.
Demolition
Part of the plant was imploded in August 2018, and another section came down October 19, 2018. The decommissioning was the subject of an episode of the Smithsonian Channel's "Inside Mighty Machines".
See also
List of power stations
Global warming
References
External links
Energy infrastructure completed in 1926
Energy infrastructure completed in 1970
Coal-fired power stations in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Rowan County, North Carolina
Duke Energy
Kaynat Hafeez (born 17 June 1996) is a Pakistani cricketer who plays as a right-handed batter and right-arm off break bowler. In November 2019, she was named in Pakistan's squads for their series against England in Malaysia. She made her Women's One Day International (WODI) for Pakistan, against England, on 14 December 2019.
In June 2021, she was named in Pakistan's squad for their series against the West Indies.
She has played domestic cricket for Lahore, Higher Education Commission and State Bank of Pakistan.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Cricketers from Lahore
Pakistani women cricketers
Pakistan women One Day International cricketers
Lahore women cricketers
Higher Education Commission women cricketers
State Bank of Pakistan women cricketers
The Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul - situated in Douala, Cameroon - is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Douala and dedicated to St Peter and St Paul.
History
The Cathedral of St Peter and St Paul was built in 1936 by French Spiritans fathers and it is based on the legacy of the fathers Pallotins.
The advent of Catholicism in Cameroon has its origins in Germany through the baptism of the first Cameroonian catechumen, Andreas Kwa Mbange, on January 6, 1889. Born in 1873, he reaches the age of 14 years to learn the craft baker. He then discovers the Catholic cult in a Benedictine Monastery and asks to be baptized. Following the christening, the question of evangelization in Cameroon was discussed in Berlin and Rome. The year 1890 is decisive. In March, a decree of Pope Leo XIII creates the apostolic prefecture of Cameroon and entrusts the Pallottines Missionaries. On October 25, 1890, the father Vieter, prefect apostolic landed at Kamerunstadt (Douala), the head of a delegation of seven missionaries. The following day, October 26, 1890, he celebrates the first Catholic mass in Cameroonian land, in the Woermann factory in Bonanjo, then known as Belldorf. But in December 1890, faced with the hostility of Protestants who want to keep the hand-setting Kamerunstadt, Catholic missionaries were forced to leave the coast. They founded the first Catholic mission in Cameroon in Marienberg (Sanaga). The local rivalries between Catholics and Protestants was also expressed about the language of instruction for denominational school, an indispensable tool for religious propaganda.
The Pallotins leave Cameroon in the wake of the Germans after their defeat in 1914, and are replaced by French Spiritans in 1916.
Architecture
Its columns and domes give it a Byzantine air. It also has neo-Roman architectural elements, including its porch. Two twin towers surround the central front.
See also
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Douala
Roman Catholicism in Cameroon
List of cathedrals in Cameroon
Pallottine mission to Kamerun
References
Further reading
PCathedral of Saints Peter and Paul in Douala Ville d'art et d'histoire, doual'art, Douala, 2006.
External links
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1936
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Cameroon
Buildings and structures in Douala
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Cameroon
The 2020 Qatar Open (also known as 2020 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons) was the 28th edition of the Qatar Open, a men's tennis tournament which is played on outdoor hard courts. It was part of the ATP Tour 250 of the 2020 ATP Tour. It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis and Squash Complex in Doha, Qatar from 6 to 11 January 2020. The tournament was awarded the Tournament of the Year award in the 250 category from the 2019 ATP Awards for the third time in five years.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
*per team
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 30 December 2019.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Marco Cecchinato
Malek Jaziri
Cem İlkel
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Grégoire Barrère
Márton Fucsovics
Corentin Moutet
Mikael Ymer
Withdrawals
Alexandr Dolgopolov → replaced by Tennys Sandgren
Richard Gasquet → replaced by Kyle Edmund
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 30 December 2019.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Márton Fucsovics / Fernando Verdasco
Malek Jaziri / Rashed Nawaf
The following pair received entry as alternates:
Egor Gerasimov / Mikhail Kukushkin
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Fernando Verdasco
Champions
Singles
Andrey Rublev def. Corentin Moutet, 6–2, 7–6(7–3)
Doubles
Rohan Bopanna / Wesley Koolhof def. Luke Bambridge / Santiago González, 3–6, 6–2, [10–6]
References
External links
2020 ATP Tour
2020
2020 in Qatari sport
January 2020 sports events in Asia
Samuel Rowe (11 November 1793 – 15 September 1853) was a farmer's son who became a bookseller, vicar and antiquarian of Devon, England. He is known for his Perambulation of Dartmoor, which for many years was the standard work on the prehistoric and later sites to be found on the moor.
Life
Samuel Rowe was born on 11 November 1793, second son of Benjamin Rowe, freeholding farmer of Sherford Barton, Brixton, Devon, and Mary Avent of St Budeaux, Devon. The Rowe family had lived at Brixton for several generations. He attended the nearby Plympton Grammar School.
Rowe had "ever an insuperable distaste for agricultural pursuits." The family thought of sending him to Oxford to study for entry into the Church of England. Instead he was made apprentice to a Kingsbridge, Devon, bookseller in 1810. In 1813 his father bought him an old-established bookshop in Plymouth, where his younger brother, Joshua Brooking Rowe, soon joined him. He devoted his free time to study and writing.
Rowe became a close friend of Thomas Byrth (1793–1849), an avid if untutored reader and scholar. In 1814 they launched the Plymouth Literary Magazine and undertook an antiquarian tour of Cornwall. They published six issues of the magazine, the last appearing on 19 November 1814. Also in 1814 they established a boarding school in Plympton, which was also short-lived. In 1817 Rowe joined the Plymouth Athenaeum, which was called "the centre of all literary, scientific and artistic life in South Devon." In 1821 he became the secretary of the Athenaeum.
Rowe was a churchwarden under the evangelical Rev. John Hatchard at St. Andrew's, Plymouth, in the early 1820s. He matriculated at Jesus College, Cambridge in 1822, graduated B.A. in 1826 and M.A. in 1833. In 1824 he was ordained as a curate at St. Andrews under Hatchard. He was presented to the incumbency of St. Budeaux, and in 1832 became the first minister of a new church of St. Paul at Stonehouse, Plymouth. He was then transferred to the vacant incumbency of St. George, the older church of Stonehouse: these preferments were all in the gift of Hatchard. In 1835 Rowe was elected vicar of Crediton, Devonshire, out of seventy candidates.
Samuel Rowe died at Crediton on 15 September 1853, and was buried in the churchyard. By his 1829 marriage to Sydney, daughter of Adam Neale, he left a son and five daughters.
Work
Rowe published a tourist guide to Plymouth in 1821.
He also published epitomes of William Paley's Philosophy and Evidences, and several religious books and tracts.
In 1830 Rowe published an article on Antiquarian Investigations in the Forest of Dartmoor, Devon in the Transactions of the Plymouth Athenaeum.
In it he incorrectly stated that Cosdon Hill was the highest summit in Dartmoor.
He published an 8 volume book on Gothic architecture in 1844.
Rowe published A Perambulation of Dartmoor in 1848 as a result of fieldwork carried out in 1827–28.
The book is dedicated to Albert, Prince of Wales.
It described and listed all the known ancient monuments on Dartmoor, with many picturesque illustrations.
The book became recognised as the standard account of Dartmoor.
It presents and compares the views of earlier antiquarians.
For example, it discusses the Drewsteignton cromlech (Spinsters' Rock) in some detail and gives views on the possibility that it was a Druid monument expressed by writers including Borlase, Chapple and Polwhele.
Rowe thought the cromlech (dolmen) was primarily a sepulchre, but thought it was possibly also an altar where the Druids made sacrifices.
The Perambulation was reprinted in 1856.
It was thoroughly revised by his nephew, J. Brooking Rowe, and published in 1895 with much new material added, and with many illustrations by the Devon artist Frederick John Widgery.
The new edition has a portrait of Rowe.
The changing views of antiquarians through the 19th century are well illustrated in the revised edition''.
For example, different opinions are given on the origin of Grimspound,
Publications
. 3 volumes
Notes
Sources
1793 births
1853 deaths
English topographers
English antiquarians
People from Plympton
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
The Indonesian League in badminton is a team competition established in 2007 and held in Indonesia.
The total prize will be around US$98,000.
History
This league has been conceptualized since 2003, but until four years later it had not become real due to the numerous obstacles.
The first competition was held for 10 days in Jakarta beginning June 21, 2007.
Format
The competition involves eight Indonesian clubs in the final rounds, with a format similar to the Thomas and Uber Cup. The five best clubs will qualify for the final, and qualifying rounds will be competitions for the other three places.
The teams
Ten men's teams from ten clubs had a qualification round. The teams selected were:
Indocafe, Medan
Ratih, Banten
Aufa, Jakarta
Musica Champion, Kudus
BPKD, Kukar
Wima, Surabaya
Mutiara, Bandung
Kotab Dishub, Bandung
South Suco, South Sulawesi
Randik, South Sumatra
Seven women's teams from seven clubs had a qualification round. The teams selected were:
Indocafe, Medan
Ratih, Banten
Bina Bangsa, Jakarta
Semen Gresik, Surabaya
Mutiara, Bandung
Kotab Dishub, Bandung
South Suco, South Sulawesi
Another five teams (men's teams and a women's team) had a bye to the grand final round. The teams were:
Djarum, Kudus
Jayaraya, Jakarta
Suryanaga Gudang Garam, Surabaya
Tangkas, Jakarta
SGS Elektrik, Bandung
Grand Final round
After qualification, three teams from the men's and women's division took their place in a grand final round. From the men's division, the Musica Champion, Mutiara and Ratih teams won a ticket to the grand final round. And from the women's division, the Mutiara, Bina Bangsa and Ratih teams won a ticket for a match in the grand final round.
And at the last round, the Suryanaga Gudang Garam team won the men's team competition after beating the Tangkas team. From women's team competition, Tangkas was a surprise champion after defeating the first seed team, Jayaraya.
Men's team semifinal
Suryanaga Gudang Garam ( 3–0 ) Tangkas
the winner of the match in bold
Women's team grand final
Tangkas ( 3–2 ) Jayaraya
the winner of the match in bold
References
External links
Official website
Badminton tournaments in Indonesia
Annual sporting events in Indonesia
Recurring sporting events established in 2007
National badminton championships
Professional sports leagues in Indonesia
2007 establishments in Indonesia
Suzana Cimbal Špirelja (born November 18, 1975 in Zagreb) is a Croatian sport shooter. She is also a full-time member at HAŠK Mladost Shooting Club, and is currently coached and trained by Miroslav Pavlakovic.
At age thirty-three, Spirelja made her official debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in two rifle shooting events. She placed thirtieth out of forty-seven shooters in the women's 10 m air rifle, with a total score of 393 points. Nearly a week later, Spirelja competed for her second event, 50 m rifle 3 positions, where she was able to shoot 199 targets in a prone position, 192 in standing, and 189 in kneeling, for a total score of 580 points, finishing only in twelfth place.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
Croatian female sport shooters
Living people
Olympic shooters of Croatia
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Zagreb
1975 births
Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist–Leninist–Maoist) Samyabadi () is a political party in Nepal. As of 2013, the chairman of the party was Pundari Prasad Belbase. The party proposes reorganizing Nepal into ten states.
The party registered itself with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, with the support of 10,000 voters. It presented three candidates in FPTP constituencies, Tek Bahadur Sarki in Okhladunga-1, Yubaraj Sharma Neupane in Kapilvastu-1 and Man Bahadur Sunar in Rukum-1. For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 46 candidates, headed by Pundari Prasad Belbase. The election symbol of the party is an axe.
References
Communist parties in Nepal
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chiayi (Lat: Dioecesis Kiayiensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Originally erected as an Apostolic Prefecture of Chiayi in 1952, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1962. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei.
Ordinaries
Matthew Kia Yen-wen (21 May 1970 Appointed - 14 Dec 1974 Appointed, Bishop of Hwalien)
Joseph Ti-kang (21 Jun 1975 Appointed - 3 May 1985 Appointed, Coadjutor Archbishop of Taipei)
Joseph Lin Thien-chu † (25 Nov 1985 Appointed - 4 Mar 1994 Died)
Peter Liu Cheng-chung (1 Jul 1994 Appointed - 5 Jul 2004 Appointed, Coadjutor Bishop of Kaohsiung)
John Hung Shan-chuan, S.V.D. (16 Jan 2006 Appointed - 9 Nov 2007 Appointed, Archbishop of Taipei)
Thomas Chung An-zu (24 Jan 2008 Appointed - 23 May 2020 Appointed, Archbishop of Taipei)
Norbert Pu Ying-hsiung (15 Feb 2022 Appointed - present)
See also
Catholic Church in Taiwan
Chiayi
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Christian organizations established in 1952
1952 establishments in Taiwan
Chiayi
Stockport Express is the local newspaper of Stockport, England. It had an average circulation of 5,217 copies per issue in 2017. It is published every Wednesday.
The sister free paper the Stockport Times, published every Thursday and distributed to households in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, has a circulation of 83,709. The editor of both publications is Paul Harrison.
In 2009, along with all regional and local newspapers run by M.E.N media, the offices for the Stockport Express were relocated from Stockport, Greater Manchester to Manchester.
In 2010, the owners Guardian Media Group, sold the Stockport Express along with a number of other local newspaper titles to competitor Trinity Mirror plc, the deal included the Manchester Evening News.
The Stockport Express has won both local and national awards including 1999 Community Newspaper of the Year.
References
Stockport
Mass media in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport
Newspapers published by Reach plc
Cascellius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Cascellius gravesii Curtis, 1839
Cascellius septentrionalis Roig-Junent, 1995
References
Broscini
Carabidae genera
The French tariff of 1885 was a protectionist law passed by the National Assembly of the French Third Republic that imposed tariffs. It became law on 28 March 1885.
Under the 1881 tariff, wheat was subject to a duty of 0.60 francs per 100kg. A combination of foreign competition and bad harvests had caused a growth in grain imports since 1879. Grain prices declined from 22 francs per hectoliter in 1881 to 16 francs in 1885. The Société des agriculteurs de France and the Association de l'industrie française combined to pressure the government into increasing tariffs. The agriculturists held a series of national agricultural conventions to rally farmers to protection, beginning in November 1884. The farmers requested a duty of 5 francs. The Minister of Agriculture, Jules Méline, was supportive but the Chamber of Deputies voted for a duty of 3 francs.
Rates
The duty on wheat was raised to 3 francs per 100kg; on oats and barley 1.50 francs; on flour 6 francs; on beef and pork 7 francs; on bullocks 25 francs per head; on cows 12 francs per head and on pigs 6 francs per head. The duties on butter, cheese, egg and wine remained unchanged from 1881.
Notes
References
Percy Ashley, Modern Tariff History: Germany–United States–France (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
Paul Bairoch, 'European trade policy, 1815-1914', in Peter Mathias and Sidney Pollard (eds.), The Cambridge Economic History of Europe, Volume VIII: The Industrial Economies: The Development of Economic and Social Policies (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1989), pp. 1-160.
Michael Stephen Smith, Tariff Reform in France, 1860-1900 (London: Cornell University Press, 1980).
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
1885 in France
Economic history of France
Cassida piperata is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family. It is native to eastern Asia, but it has also been reported from the United States as an alien species.
Description
The females are bigger than males.
References
Beetles described in 1842
Cassidinae
Montgomery Mall is a two-story shopping mall located in the community of Montgomeryville in Montgomery Township, Pennsylvania near the borough of North Wales. The mall, owned by Kohan Retail Investment Group, is located along Pennsylvania Route 309 (Bethlehem Pike) at the intersection with U.S. Route 202 Business (Dekalb Pike), amidst other commercial development. It contains over 90 stores and eateries and is anchored by Dick's Sporting Goods, JCPenney, Macy's, and Wegmans.
History
The Montgomery Mall was built in 1977 by The Kravco Company. In 1986, Bamberger's became Macy's. In 1995, the Wanamaker's store became Hecht's. Hecht's became Strawbridge's in 1997 after its parent company, May Department Stores, acquired the Strawbridge's chain. Simon Property Group acquired the Montgomery Mall in 2003.
Strawbridge's closed in 2006 as a result of Federated Department Stores acquiring May Department Stores, with Boscov's taking over the former store in 2007. The Boscov's store closed in October 2008 as part of their restructuring. Dick's Sporting Goods was also added in 2008. In November 2011, it was announced that a Wegmans would replace the vacant Boscov's. This store was planned to be the first Wegmans located in a shopping mall. The former Boscov's store was demolished in the process of constructing the new Wegmans. The Wegmans store opened on November 3, 2013.
The Montgomery Mall has recently gone under reconstruction. This renovation had a cost of $8 million and the main purpose was to redesign exterior and entrance, restrooms and upgrade lighting.
On November 7, 2019, it was announced that the Sears store at Montgomery Mall would close as part of a plan to close 96 stores nationwide. Liquidation sales began on December 2, 2019. The store closed in February 2020. On May 3, 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Montgomery County opened a COVID-19 vaccination site in the former Sears space.
In June 2021, the Montgomery Mall was foreclosed upon by Wilmington Trust, trustee for Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage. The mall was placed into receivership by June 22, with JLL taking over management of the mall, and a $118.78 million judgment was issued against Simon Property Group affiliate Mall at Montgomery, LP by July 12. In order to satisfy the loan, the mall was sold to Kohan Retail Investment Group on November 20, 2021 for $55 million. In 2022, Kohan Retail Investment Group sold the Wegmans site at the mall to ExchangeRight for $22.6 million.
Anchors
Current
Dick's Sporting Goods — Opened in 2008
JCPenney — Opened in 1977
Macy's - Opened in 1986
Wegmans - Opened in 2013
Former
Boscov's - opened in 2007, closed in 2008 and later demolished and replaced with Wegmans in 2013
Strawbridge's - Opened in 1997, closed in 2006, converted to Boscov's in 2007
Hecht's - Opened in 1995 and converted to Strawbridge's in 1997
Bamberger's - Opened in 1977 and converted to Macy's in 1986
Wanamaker's - Opened in 1977 and converted to Hecht's in 1995
Tweeter - Junior anchor, closed in 2008
Sears - Opened in 1977, closed in 2020
References
External links
Official Website
Shopping malls in Pennsylvania
Shopping malls established in 1977
Tourist attractions in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
1977 establishments in Pennsylvania
Kohan Retail Investment Group
Operation Migration was a nonprofit, charitable organization, which developed a method using ultralight aircraft to teach migration to captive-raised, precocial bird species such as Canada geese, trumpeter swans, sandhill cranes, and endangered whooping cranes.
Background
Operation Migration Canada was founded in 1994 as a Canadian registered charity. Operation Migration-USA Inc was established in 1999 as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.
In collaboration with the Whooping Crane Eastern Partnership, Operation Migration participated in the reintroduction of endangered Whooping cranes into eastern North America beginning in 2001 and continuing until the last small flock was lead south in 2015.
It is believed by conservationists that approximately 1,400 whooping cranes existed in 1860. Their population declined because of hunting and habitat loss until 1941 when the last migrating flock dwindled to an all-time low of 15 birds. The wild flock has slowly increased to more than 180 in late 1999. This flock winters in and around Aransas National Wildlife Refuge on the Texas Gulf Coast. In spring, they migrate north, nesting in Wood Buffalo National Park, which straddles the border of Alberta and Northwest Territories in Canada. This flock of whooping cranes is the only naturally occurring wild population in the world. Scientists have long recognized the risk of having all of the wild whooping cranes using one wintering and breeding location. With all the wild birds concentrated in one small area, the population could be wiped out by disease, bad weather, or human impacts. Whooping crane survival depends on additional, separated populations.
Imprinting, training, and releasing cranes
The whooping crane chicks are transported to Wisconsin in June where they are conditioned to follow ultralight aircraft in preparation for their fall migration to wintering grounds in Florida. Pilots lead the birds on training flights over the White River Marsh State Wildlife Area in Green Lake County, Wisconsin throughout the summer to build the birds' stamina. Each year since 2001, a class of cranes has been led on their first migration south from Wisconsin to Florida's Gulf Coast.
Beginning in 2005 the ultralight-led migration was supplemented with a second reintroduction technique called Direct Autumn Release (DAR). Young cranes are released in small groups with older, now wild whooping cranes, with the intent that they will learn the migration route from these more experienced birds. After learning the migration route by following the ultralight aircraft or older cranes to the wintering areas, the young cranes make the return flight to their summering grounds in the north on their own the following spring.
In December 2011, the Operation Migration escorting nine cranes was interrupted by the Federal Aviation Administration due to a regulation prohibiting paid pilots of ultralight aircraft. After a month with the cranes kept in a pen, the FAA finally granted a one-time exemption to allow completion of the migration.
On January 22, 2016, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced that after the 2016 season it would end its support of the use of ultralight aircraft to lead whooping cranes from Wisconsin to the Florida Gulf Coast each autumn. A conclusion by experts in whooping crane biology that human intervention such as ultralight flights and costumed humans helping to care for chicks has impaired the ability of the cranes to learn the parenting skills necessary to raise chicks in the wild prompted the Fish and Wildlife Service's announcement: Despite the release of 250 whooping cranes in Wisconsin in 2001 – of which 93 survived in January 2016 – only 10 chicks have fledged and survived to adulthood and, since 2005, only five breeding pairs have produced chicks that were born in the wild and fledged. Agreeing with the need to minimize human interaction with chicks, the International Crane Foundation supported the Fish and Wildlife Service's decision, although Operation Migration opposed it, claiming that the ultralight flights nonetheless help to whoop cranes to survive.
See also
Bill Lishman, co-founder who first led birds with ultralight aircraft
Fly Away Home, feature film inspired by Lishman's work
References
Further reading
Operation Migration online Field Journal
Lishman, William. Father Goose. Crown, 1996. .
Whooping Crane Eastern Partnership
External links
Operation Migration archived website at Internet Archive
Ornithology in the United States
Ornithology in Canada
Ornithological organizations
Bird conservation
Bloody Point Bar Light is an early sparkplug lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay near Kent Island, Maryland.
History
Although a light at this location was first requested in 1865, funds were not appropriated until 1881. Based on experience with ice damage to screw-pile structures, a caisson design was chosen similar to that at Sharps Island Light, which was under construction at the time. Ironically, the newly completed light began to list its first winter due to scouring from storms. Riprap was laid immediately to halt further damage, and in 1884-85 a program of dredging and additional stone was successful in bringing the light to with a few degrees of vertical. In the same period a room was added to the side to house a fogbell and its ringing mechanism.
In 1960 the interior of the light was destroyed by a fire that started from an electrical short in the equipment room and spread throughout the light. The two coastguardsmen stationed at the light were unsuccessful in fighting the fire and eventually had to abandon their post, narrowly escaping when their dinghy was caught at the end of its lines on the davits. A large wave lifted them free in time to avoid being caught in the explosion of the light's fuel tanks. The interior of the light, including the lens, was a total loss, and it was completely gutted and automated with a new acrylic lens the following year.
In 2006 the light, like many others on the bay, was offered at auction, and it was purchased by Michael Gabriel, a Nevada-based lawyer who announced plans to renovate the interior. Nothing was ever done though to rehabilitate or stabilize the lighthouse. In 2017, a picture was taken showing a gaping hole in the side of the lighthouse.
References
Bloody Point Bar Light, from the Chesapeake Chapter of the United States Lighthouse Society
Bloody Point Bar Lighthouse, from Lighthousefriends
External links
Chesapeake Bay Lighthouse Project - Bloody Point Bar Light
Lighthouses completed in 1882
Lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay
Lighthouses in Maryland
Transportation buildings and structures in Queen Anne's County, Maryland
Kjenndalsbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Stryn in Vestland, Norway. The glacier is a side branch of the Jostedalsbreen glacier, and is included in the Jostedalsbreen National Park.
See also
List of glaciers in Norway
References
Glaciers of Vestland
Stryn
Yak Ballz, born Yashar Zadeh is an American independent hip hop artist, who was brought up in Flushing, Queens, New York. He is one of the original members of The Weathermen. He is also a member of Cardboard City. Since 2019 he has worked for Warner Bros. Records as Vice President of their Media & Strategic Development team.
Early life and education
Yak turned to writing as an outlet for expression and a form of therapy due to his mother being overprotective about their neighborhood in Queens at the time. At the age of 16 he entered the Braggin' Rites MC battle; he took second place and was the youngest person in the competition. Yak would go on to achieve first runner-up honors two more times after that, but more importantly, the aspiring MC grabbed the attention of several interested people in attendance, including Armando "Mondee" Torres and Brett Scott, who approached Vaz about getting Yak to appear on their new mixtape.
Yak is of Persian heritage.
Yak is a graduate from State University of New York at New Paltz with a Bachelor of Science in business management.
Career
Bobbito Garcia put Yak's demo, "Flossin'," on his CM Famalam show on 89.9-FM WKCR in New York. He later invited Yak to appear on the show in 1998. After a few impressive appearances on WKCR, and "Flossin'" gaining regular rotation, Bobbito approached Yak about some new original music. Yak's lyrics caught the attention of Cage, who was impressed enough to reach out to him; making him an original member of The Weathermen.
Soon after, Yak released his first 12-inch, Homepiss in 2000, courtesy of Bobbito and his Fondle'em label. His 4-song EP was released featuring "Flossin'," "The Plague," "Nasty or Nice," and "Homepiss."
The Freakshow
In 2001, Yak followed up the EP with a three-song vinyl 12-inch, The Freakshow, which was one of the first ever 12-inch releases by the indie hip hop label Definitive Jux. Vinyl specialty stores and Web sites quickly sold out of the three-song 12-inch that featured cover art by TCK brother Ewok One 5MH. El-P even included The Freak Show on 2002's Definitive Jux Presents 2 compilation album.
While You Where Sleeping
In 2003, he released While You Were Sleeping b/w The Drill 12-inch with Traffic Entertainment. Once Eastern Conference Records, then home to fellow Weathermen; Cage and Tame One, heard of this single they moved to sign Yak to an album deal. After working on The Weathermen's Conspiracy mixtape (2003) Yak Ballz released his first album, My Claim in 2004 with guest appearances from both Cage and Tame One. He worked with producer Mondee for production and engineer Joe Raia. His lyrical content on My Claim was fueled by his Queens life and college experiences. After leaving Eastern Conference, Yak put out a mixtape in 2005, The Missing Cassettes consisting of rare and unreleased material.
Scifentology
In 2006 he released Scifentology, a mixtape put out by Yak himself and Scifen clothing company which features cover art by Ewok One 5MH. Yak's lyrics became more introspective and the beats changed on Scifentology by relying more on rock and synthesized instrumentation. The mixtape started as an innocent idea and promotional tool to help cross-market Yak with the Scifen clothing brand, but it quickly became one of the most talked-about mixtapes of the year within the indie hip hop world in '06.
Scifentology II
January 2008, Yak released his sophomore effort, Scifentology II on FloSpot Records in conjunction with Scifen Clothing. Scifentology II features production from the likes of Aesop Rock, the late Camu Tao, Mondee, Chapter 7, Adept, and Chris Maestro TCK. It also has guest appearances from Cage and Tame One. "Dirt Empire," a song produced by Aesop Rock, won the MTVu Best Freshman Video with over 40,000 views.
In 2011, Yak released an extended play called Gas Galaxy, which was self-released in the fall. Yak has performed the title song in support of Cage's Depart From Me tour.
Selected discography
Albums
My Claim (Eastern Conference Records/Caroline – 2004)
Scifentology (Scifen Records – 2006)
Scifentology II (FloSpot Records – 2008)
Gas Galaxy (self-released – 2012)
The Rumors Are True [as RÖÖD] (self-released – 2017)
12-inch releases
"Homepiss" / "Nasty or Nice" b/w "The Plague" / "Flossin" (Fondle'em Records – 2000)
"The Freakshow" b/w "For the Critics"/ "Reign" (Definitive Jux Records – 2001)
"The Drill" b/w "While You Were Sleeping" (Jersey Roots Entertainment/Traffic – 2003)
Compilations
"Flossin" – Farewell Fondle'em (Definitive Jux Records – 2001)
"The Freakshow" Definitive Jux Presents II (Definitive Jux Records – 2002)
"5 Left in the Clip" with The Weathermen – Eastern Conference Allstars III (Eastern Conference Records – 2003)
"Let the Games Begin" feat. Vast Aire – Eastern Conference Allstars IV (Eastern Conference Records – 2004)
Mixtapes
2005: The Missing Cassettes
2006: Scifentology: The Mixtape
2017: The Missing Cassettes 2
Notes and references
External links
YakBallz.net
Yak Ballz Myspace
Yak Ballz TV - YouTube
Yak Ballz IMEEM
1982 births
American people of Iranian descent
Living people
People from Flushing, Queens
Rappers from New York City
State University of New York at New Paltz alumni
21st-century American rappers
The Weathermen (hip hop group) members
is a railway station in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Ozuki Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1901
Combined gas and steam (COGAS) is the name given to marine compound powerplants comprising gas and steam turbines, the latter being driven by steam generated using the heat from the exhaust of the gas turbines. In this way, some of the otherwise lost energy can be reclaimed and the specific fuel consumption of the plant can be decreased. Large (land-based) electric powerplants built using this combined cycle can reach conversion efficiencies of over 60%.
If the turbines do not drive a propeller shafts directly and instead a turbo-electric transmission is used, the system is also known as COGES.
COGAS differs from many other combined marine propulsion systems in that it is not intended to operate on one system alone. While this is possible, it will not operate efficiently this way, as with Combined diesel and gas systems when run solely on diesel engines. Especially COGAS should not be confused with Combined steam and gas (COSAG) power plants, which employ traditional, oil-fired boilers for steam turbine propulsion for normal cruising, and supplement this with gas turbines for faster reaction times and higher dash speed.
COGAS has been proposed as upgrade for ships that use gas turbines as their main (or only) engines, e.g. in COGOG or COGAG mode, such as the s, but currently no naval ship uses this concept. However some modern cruise ships are equipped with COGES. E.g. Celebrity Cruises' Millennium and other ships of her class use turbo-electric plants with two General Electric LM2500+ gas turbines and one steam-turbine.
BMW is currently researching combined gas and steam for automotive use, using their turbosteamer system. This uses the waste heat of combustion from the exhaust and turns it into steam to produce torque which is input into the crankshaft.
See also
Cogeneration
Combined cycle
References
External links
Gizmag article discussing BMW's turbosteamer
Article on BMW's alternative Combined Cycle Hybrid technology
Marine propulsion
Steam power
de:Gas-und-Dampf-Kombikraftwerk
Cherokee is a former gold mining community in Nevada County, California. As explained below, it has also been known as Patterson, Melrose and Tyler. It is located on the San Juan Ridge about 4 miles east of North San Juan. Its elevation is above sea level.
History
The San Juan Ridge is about 30 miles long and located between the South Yuba River and Middle Yuba River. It sits atop an ancient river bed of gold bearing gravel, which made it one of the richest California mining areas in the second half of the 19th century. Archaeologists have found signs of human habitation on the Ridge, including the area around Cherokee, dating back five thousand years. At the time of the Gold Rush, the Ridge was occupied by the Nisenan or Southern Maidu. who had lived in various locations along the Ridge for over a thousand years.
The Gold Rush came to Cherokee in 1850, when a group of Cherokee Indians begin mining there and gave it its name. In 1851, miners Crego and Utter built a home there. Mining in the area proved profitable, and the town grew quickly, especially after the Grizzly Ditch brought year round water for mining. By 1852, the population had reached 400, though only 2 families. For a while, Cherokee was the most active mining center on the Ridge.
The town's heyday was between 1856 and 1865. It had two hotels, the Grizzly and Curnow's, saloons, several stores, a butcher, a shoe shop, a resident physician and drugstore, and a blacksmith. Its sawmill had a capacity of 10,000 ft. of lumber a day. The local newspaper was the Cherokee Journal. There was stagecoach service to Nevada City. After 1878, Cherokee was connected to the world's first long distance telephone line which ran from French Corral to the Bowman Lake area.
Following a visit in 1860, a reporter had this to say about Cherokee:
“A few new buildings have made their entrance into town since our last visit, and a slight variation in favor of white lead and linseed oil is discernable [sic]. Gardens and orchards have sprung up as if by magic in the outskirts. The diggings still ply to some extent, though Cherokee is not a town of as much promise as regards mineral resources as formerly. Our old friends, Dr. Wyatt, Frank Wilder, Martin Frankenheimer and Turney, still remain the landmarks of the place. The Dr. runs a nice drug store and practices his profession as of yore. Turney keeps a hotel, Martin and Frankenheimer feed the hungry and clothe the naked, and Frank Wilder is sending acres of mud down Shady Creek, covering up ranches, destroying the navigation of the Sacramento, but putting pounds of filthy lucre in his pocket.”
A public school house was built by private subscription in 1855. 83 children attended in 1858, a number which increased to 107 in 1861. A new schoolhouse, with a small adjoining library, was built in 1872. By 1879, the number of students had dropped to 73. The town had a Catholic church, with a large congregation. Other denominations worshiped in the schoolhouse.
In 1854, 310 votes were cast in Cherokee. In the 1864 presidential election, McClellan edged Lincoln, 49 to 45. By 1879, the number of votes cast fell to 50.
A post office was established in 1855. Because there was already a California post office named Cherokee in Butte County, the name was changed by local vote to Patterson, in honor of local citizen James Patterson, the acting County Clerk. The post office was discontinued in 1895, reestablished in 1905 and closed in 1909. It reopened briefly in 1910, under the name Melrose, the Massachusetts hometown of postmaster James L. Morgan. In 1911, the name was changed to Tyler, the name currently on the highway directional sign at the intersection of Highway 49 and Tyler Foote Crossing Rd. In 1924, the post office was discontinued. Despite all the name changes dictated by the United States Post Office, the locals generally called the town Cherokee, and that name appears on many contemporary maps.
A town landmark was the Grizzly Hotel, built by the Turney family in 1852. The Grizzly Hotel was described by a local newspaper in 1854 as “one of the pleasantest homes for miners or travellers in the country. Mr. Welch, the present proprietor, is just one of the most accommodating landlords to be scared up, besides having fitted up his house in a style of superiority not often to be met with so far up in the mountains”. The hotel had a public hall which was frequently the site of dances and entertainments, such as Fourth of July celebrations. 1867, Mrs. Turney, now estranged from her husband, took over the hotel and renamed it the Cherokee Hotel. In 1871, a fire destroyed the Cherokee Hotel and saloon.
As noted above, mining prospects in the Cherokee area were not as promising as some of its neighboring towns, such as North Bloomfield. The principal mine, the Manzanita Mine, was owned by the Milton Mining and Water Company, which owned a number of other mines and ditches on the San Juan Ridge. In 1878, with mining in decline, the Manzanita Mine still produced almost $174,000 dollars in gold.
As mining began to decline, so did the town. By 1880, the population had dropped to about 200. In 1895, one observer remarked that “the town is quiet owing to the suppression of hydraulic mining.” A few years before, the U.S. Army had estimated that 10,000,000 yards of gold bearing gravel had been excavated in the Cherokee area and that 33,000,000 yards remained. As late as World War I there was still some mining activity around Cherokee, with the Guggenheims believed to be financing some of it. In 1924, an historian noted that the town was reduced to “one store; and the people live principally by farming, very little active mining being carried on here.”
Today, all that remains of Cherokee is the schoolhouse, located on Sages Road just north of Tyler Foote Crossing Road, the historic cemetery and a lot of land scarred by hydraulic mining. However, just northwest of the old townsite, Ananda Village, a spiritual community and retreat center, has grown up.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
The 1900 Blackpool by-election was held on 21 December 1900 after the incumbent Conservative MP Sir Matthew Ridley...... The seat was retained by the Conservative candidate Henry Worsley-Taylor.
References
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Lancashire constituencies
1900 elections in the United Kingdom
The grey-winged cotinga (Lipaugus conditus) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is endemic to Brazil where it is restricted to the Serra dos Órgãos and Serra do Tinguá in Rio de Janeiro State. Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forest.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Tijuca. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found the Tijuca was embedded within the genus Lipaugus. Based on this result Tijuca was subsumed into Lipaugus.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Lipaugus
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1980
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cinnamon Hill is a great house and sugar plantation associated with the Cornwall plantation located in St James Parish, Jamaica. It is close to Rose Hall and overlooks the sea. The House was started by Samuel Barrett junior (d. 1760), who had bought the Cornwall Estate. However he died and the work was continued by his son Edward Barrett (1734 - 1798). Edward also completed the Cinnamon Hill sugar works in 1784.
The plantation is also said to be haunted by the White Witch. The namesake of a golf course on the estate grounds.
The country music musician Johnny Cash owned the property for many years.
References
Great Houses in Jamaica
Neiafu is a relatively new Saturday market and shopping centre on Vava'u, Tonga. It is regarded as a municipal market and sells a range of items, including handicrafts, ancient headrests, kava bowls, stone adzes, old whale teeth and other craftswork. Also sold are taro, alocasia, manioc, yams as well as bananas, amongst others. The market is well connected by bus and minibus to surrounding villages on the island.
References
Economy of Tonga
Vavaʻu
The chestnut-backed antshrike (Thamnophilus palliatus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
chestnut-backed antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
chestnut-backed antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reaction Design is a San Diego-based developer of combustion simulation software used by engineers to design cleaner burning and fuel-efficient combustors and engines, found in everything from automobiles to turbines for power generation and aircraft propulsion to large diesel engines that use pistons the size of rooms to propel ships locomotives. The technology is also used to model spray vaporization in electronic materials processing applications and predict mixing reactions in chemical plants. Ansys, a leader in engineering simulation software, acquired Reaction Design in January 2014.
History
Reaction Design was founded in 1997 by David H. Klipstein, formerly senior vice president of technology and marketing at Biosym Technologies (now Accelrys). Reaction Design began with a vision of extending the power of kinetic chemistry simulation to industrial markets, enabling industry to replace costly experimental processes with dynamic and precise software-based simulation.
That same year, Reaction Design became the exclusive developer and licensee of Chemkin, originally created by Sandia National Laboratories in Livermore, California for modeling gas-phase and surface chemistry. Ellen Meeks, a principal developer of Chemkin, was hired to lead technology development.
In 2005 the company hired Bernie Rosenthal as its CEO.
In April 2008, Reaction Design introduced Chemkin-Pro for modeling and analyzing combustion efficiency in gasoline, diesel and emerging alternative fuel engines. Energico was announced in October 2008 as a simulation software package for the gas turbine industry.
On January 3, 2014, Reaction Design was acquired by Ansys.
Model Fuels Consortium
Reaction Design developed the Model Fuels Consortium in 2005 to address the emerging challenges experienced by the automotive and fuel industry. The consortium was composed of energy companies, engine manufacturers and academic advisors. Its goal was to enable the design of cleaner burning, more efficient engines and fuels by accelerating the development of software tools and databases. It expanded in 2007.
Members included Chevron, Dow Chemical Company, L'Institut Français du Pétrole, Mitsubishi Motors, Nissan, PSA Peugeot Citroën, and Toyota, and academic advisors Chief Technical Advisor Charlie Westbrook,. Anthony Dean from Colorado School of Mines (formerly of Exxon), William Green from MIT, Mitsuo Koshi from University of Tokyo, Ulrich Maas from Karlsruhe University, and Hiromitsu Ando from Fukui University, formerly chief executive scientist of Mitsubishi Motors. Charter members were later joined by ConocoPhillips, Cummins Engine Company, Ford Motor Company, GE Energy, Honda, Mazda, General Motors, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Petrobras, Saudi Aramco, Suzuki and Volkswagen.
The consortium concluded in November 2012.
Products
Forté is a computational fluid dynamics package that enables multi-component surrogate fuel models to work with comprehensive spray fluid dynamics.
Energico is a complex system-design simulation tool for solving gas-turbine engineering problems related to emissions reduction and stability.
Chemkin is a simulation tool for basic chemical kinetics simulations that use small or reduced reaction mechanism. The initial version was published in 1980, and expanded with Chemkin-II published in 1989. It was written in the FORTRAN programming language. Chemkin III was published in 1996 by Sandia.
Other versions include Chemkin-Pro for large chemical simulation applications requiring complex mechanisms. Chemkin-Pro is designed for chemical kinetics simulations requiring complex reaction mechanisms. Reaction Workbench is an extension to Chemkin-Pro that offers fuel formulation and automated mechanism-reduction capabilities specifically created for fuel-combustion engineers and scientists.
Model Fuel Library is a subscription-based library to simulate fuel effects in automotive and aircraft engines, as well as engines used for electric power generation.
Chemkin-CFD is a plug-in chemistry solver that can be linked to other computational software packages, such as Ansys' Fluent CFD software, to add accuracy, speed and stability to calculations using finite-rate, multi-step reaction kinetics.
References
Software companies based in California
Companies based in San Diego
Software companies of the United States
The Palacio Federal Legislativo (English: Federal Legislative Palace), also known as the Capitolio, is a historic building in Caracas, Venezuela which houses both the National Assembly and the National Constituent Assembly. Located southeast of the Plaza Bolívar, it was built between 1872 and 1877 by President Antonio Guzmán Blanco to a design by the architect . The Salón Elíptico, opened in 1877, is topped by a golden dome.
Features
Presenting himself as a moderniser, Antonio Guzmán Blanco promoted anticlerical policies and the introduction of contemporary infrastructure to Venezuela, in particular in Caracas. The Palacio Federal Legislativo, located to the west of Plaza Bolívar, incorporates structural cast iron. It replaced a convent on the site.
The building is painted bright white and has a gilded oval-shaped dome crowning an elliptically shaped room (known as the Oval Room). The dome's ceiling has a painting by Martín Tovar y Tovar which vividly depicts the crucial Battle of Carabobo in the Venezuelan War of Independence against Spanish colonial rule.
The most notable professionals of the times were commissioned to design the building: Luciano Urdaneta and Roberto Garcia handled the engineering while the architect was Juan Hurtado Manrique. The complex consists of two rectangular volumes connected by two lower sections. It encloses a courtyard with a central fountain set in a small garden inside iron railings. The two Neoclassical buildings are known as the Legislative Palace and the Federal Palace. The first, completed in 1873, became the Congress in 1958 and the National Assembly in 2000.
The façade of the Legislative Palace, completed in 1877, is symmetrical in design. It has a portico at the center. The triangular pediment has a bas-relief of busts of Simón Bolívar and Antonio Guzmán Blanco. There are three columnated portals, the one in the centre presenting two caryatids representing Justice and Freedom. The building houses a number of notable paintings by Venezuelan artists of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries including Martín Tovar y Tovar, Antonio Herrera Toro, Tito Salas, Pedro Centeno Vallenilla and Emilio Jacinto Mauri.
In addition to the dome painting of the Battle of Carabobo, the Oval Room also contains the Proceedings of the Constitutional Congress (1811–1812) which includes the handwritten version of the Declaration of Independence of Venezuela.
The complex has been a National Historic Monument since 22 August 1997.
See also
National Assembly (Venezuela)
2017 Constituent Assembly of Venezuela
References
Government buildings completed in 1877
Buildings and structures in Caracas
Cast-iron architecture in Venezuela
Government buildings in Venezuela
National Assembly (Venezuela)
Palaces in Venezuela
Tourist attractions in Caracas
1877 establishments in Venezuela
The Freeman River is a short river in west-central Alberta, Canada. The Freeman takes its name from the fur traders, who, after leaving the employ of the Hudson's Bay Company or the North West Company, decided to remain in the interior and work as free trappers or free hunters.
Course
The river flows in a southeastern direction for much of its course. It flows through a significant petroleum and natural gas field near the town of Swan Hills, before being bridged by Alberta Highway 32. The river then runs parallel to Alberta Highway 33, takes on the Morse River, and joins the Athabasca River near Fort Assiniboine.
Flooding
The Freeman River has experienced significant flooding in the past. Particularly notable is the flood of July 1971, which swept away a bridge crossing the river near Fort Assiniboine, Alberta. One first-year science student from the University of Alberta, who was working with the Provincial Ecology Corps over the summer, was killed when the bridge collapsed and fell into the river.
Tributaries
Mons Lake
Louis Creek
Judy Creek
Freeman Creek
Sarah Creek
Morse River
See also
List of Alberta rivers
References
External links
Rivers of Alberta
The planalto slaty antshrike (Thamnophilus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
It is endemic to eastern and south-central Brazil. It was previously included in the widespread slaty antshrike (T. punctatus), but following the split, this scientific name is now restricted to the northern slaty antshrike.
Its occurs at low levels in forest and woodland, especially in areas with dense growth.
References
External links
Planalto slaty antshrike: Photos, vocalizations from "Avifauna of the Interior of Ceará, Brazil"
planalto slaty antshrike
Birds of Brazil
Endemic birds of Brazil
planalto slaty antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
During the 1993–94 English football season, Gillingham F.C. competed in the Football League Third Division, the fourth tier of the English football league system. It was the 62nd season in which Gillingham competed in the Football League, and the 44th since the club was voted back into the league in 1950. Prior to the season, Glenn Roeder resigned as the club's manager and was replaced by Mike Flanagan. The team struggled in August and September, and did not win a Third Division match until the eighth league game of the season. A week later, Gillingham won away from home in the Football League for the first time in 18 months. Gillingham's form remained inconsistent and, although they climbed to 10th in the 22-team league table in October, the team spent most of the season in the bottom half and finished 16th.
Gillingham also competed in three knock-out competitions. The team reached the second round of the FA Cup but failed to progress beyond the earliest stage of the Football League Cup or Football League Trophy. The team played a total of 49 competitive matches, winning 14, drawing 17, and losing 18. Nicky Forster was the team's top goalscorer, with 18 goals, all scored in the Football League. He also made the most appearances, playing in 46 of the team's 49 competitive matches. The highest attendance recorded at the club's home ground, Priestfield Stadium, was 4,573, for a game against Northampton Town.
Background and pre-season
The 1993–94 season was Gillingham's 62nd season playing in the Football League and the 44th since the club was elected back into the League in 1950 after being voted out in 1938. It was the club's fifth consecutive season in the English football league system's fourth tier, which had been renamed from the Football League Fourth Division to the Third Division after the teams in the top division broke away from the Football League to form the new FA Premier League in 1992. Gillingham had finished 21st in the 22-team division in the 1992–93 season, narrowly avoiding relegation into non-League football.
Gillingham's manager, Glenn Roeder, resigned in July to manage Watford of the First Division, one of the clubs he had played for. Watford were later fined by the Football Association, the governing body of the sport in England, for making an illegal approach to Roeder. Mike Flanagan was promoted from reserves and youth coach to become Gillingham's new manager. One of his first moves as manager was to sign veteran Neil Smillie from Brentford and appoint him to a player-coach role. Gary Micklewhite, another highly experienced player, joined Gillingham from Derby County.
A new kit was introduced designed to mark the club's centenary, adding panels of black and white stripes to the usual blue shirts, which were worn with white shorts and socks; the club's original shirts when it was founded in 1893 had featured black and white stripes. The second-choice kit, to be worn in the event of a clash of colours with the opposition, was all red with similar black and white panels on the shirts. The team prepared for the new season with a number of friendly matches, including one against Charlton Athletic of the First Division. Alan Gough, a goalkeeper who had recently left Fulham, played on a trial basis against Charlton but Gillingham opted not to sign him to a contract.
Third Division
August–December
Gillingham's first match of the season was at their home ground, Priestfield Stadium, against Chesterfield. Both Smillie and Micklewhite made their debuts in a game which finished 2–0 to Gillingham's opponents; a week later the team again lost without scoring a goal, losing 3–0 away to Rochdale. Gillingham's next five league games all ended in draws; Paul Baker scored the team's first league goal in the first of these games, a 2–2 draw at home to Scarborough. Steve Banks, a 21-year old goalkeeper who had joined the club five months earlier, made his debut in the following game at home to Doncaster Rovers, replacing the previous season's regular goalkeeper, Scott Barrett. After a late goal from Nicky Forster gave the team a third consecutive league draw against Wycombe Wanderers, Flanagan told the press that "the sign of a good side is that they can roll their sleeves up and battle back."
Following their run of five consecutive leagues draws, which set a new club record, Gillingham were 18th in the 22-team league table. The team won their first league game of the season at the eighth attempt, defeating Scunthorpe United 1–0 on 25 September with a goal from Smillie. One week later, Gillingham gained their second league win of the season, defeating Carlisle United 2–1 with two goals from Forster despite Baker being sent off after less than 15 minutes; it was the first time the team had won away from home in the Football League since March 1992. The team's run of seven league games without defeat ended when they lost 1–0 away to Walsall on 9 October; Barrett was recalled to the team for the next game, in which Gillingham beat Darlington 2–1 at Priestfield with goals from Andy Arnott and Neil Smith to rise to 14th in the table. Gillingham's next game, away to Crewe Alexandra, resulted in a 1–0 defeat, but the team then won two consecutive home games, defeating Colchester United 3–0 and Hereford United 2–0. The two victories took the team up to 10th place in the table. Forster scored in both games, taking his total of league goals for the season to 7, more than any Gillingham player had achieved in the whole of the previous season.
Banks resumed the position of goalkeeper in early November and would remain in the starting line-up until April. Following the win over Hereford on 2 November, Gillingham lost four of the next five games and slipped to 17th in the division. The run included consecutive defeats in the first three matches of December against Lincoln City, Rochdale, and Chesterfield; against Rochdale Baker was sent off again. Forster scored Gillingham's second goal against Chesterfield, meaning that he had scored in six of the last seven league games. Gillingham ended their losing run in the final game of 1993 on 27 December, beating Northampton Town 1–0 at home with an own goal from Steve Terry; the attendance of 4,573 was the largest recorded at Priestfield during the season. The start of the match was delayed by 40 minutes as an electricity board worker had to be called out to disengage a timer switch which prevented the floodlights being turned on on weekday afternoons. Gillingham ended the year 17th in the table.
January–May
Gillingham began 1994 with a second consecutive 1–0 win at Priestfield, defeating Bury with a goal from Smillie on 1 January; the result took the team back up to 14th in the table. Two days later, Banks kept a third consecutive clean sheet as Gillingham drew 0–0 away to Doncaster; it was the first league game since October in which Gillingham failed to score a goal. Having failed to score in four consecutive games, Forster was relegated to the substitutes' bench for the game at home to Walsall on 22 January and was replaced in the starting line-up by Baker, who made his first appearance since before Christmas and scored in a 1–1 draw. Seven days later, Forster came off the bench to score the winning goal away to Colchester in the final minute of the game.
Forster once again came on as a substitute and scored in Gillingham's first match of February, a 3–1 defeat at home to Crewe. It was the first in a run of five league games in which Gillingham achieved no wins and scored only two goals. Forster returned to the starting line-up for the game away to Preston North End on 12 February but failed to score and the game finished goalless. The last game of February and the first of March both resulted in 1–0 defeats, at home to Wycombe and away to Chester City. Gillingham ended their winless run with a 1–0 win away to Torquay United on 5 March, but lost again seven days later away to Shrewsbury Town. The team had now not won at home in more than two months and had slipped to 15th in the table. In the final game of March, Forster scored for the first time in eight games as Gillingham defeated Carlisle 2–0 at Priestfield.
Gillingham began the month of April with a second consecutive victory, winning 2–1 away to Northampton, and followed this with two consecutive 2–2 draws at Priestfield, against Chester and Preston. Forster scored both goals against Preston, the second time that he had scored twice in a game; no other Gillingham player scored more than a single goal in a game during the season. Gillingham failed to score in the next two games; in the first of these games Gillingham's Tony Butler was sent off and Chris Pike scored two penalty kicks to give Hereford a 2–0 victory. Gillingham ended their winless run of four games when Forster scored the only goal of the game against Mansfield Town on 23 April. The final match of the season was a 1–1 draw at home to Lincoln; Richard Carpenter's goal was one of only two scored by Gillingham in the final five games of the season. Veteran former club captain Paul Clark was recalled to the team for the first time since January, and made what turned out to be his final appearance for the club. The result left Gillingham 16th in the final league table with 51 points, 13 points below the play-offs for potential promotion to the Second Division and 13 points above 22nd-placed Northampton, who were relegated from the Football League. Gillingham had the 12th best home record in the division but their overall position suffered from the fact that only two Third Division teams had a worse season away from home.
Match details
Key
In result column, Gillingham's score shown first
H = Home match
A = Away match
pen. = Penalty kick
o.g. = Own goal
Partial league table
Cup matches
FA Cup
As a Third Division team, Gillingham entered the 1993–94 FA Cup in the first round and were drawn to play away to Yeading of the Isthmian League Premier Division, two levels lower in the English football league system, who had progressed through four qualifying rounds to reach this stage of the competition for the first time. The game was played at Church Road, home of Yeading's local rivals Hayes, as the police deemed the crowd segregation facilities at Yeading's ground, The Warren, to be inadequate. Gillingham were held to a 0–0 draw by their semi-professional opponents, necessitating a replay at Priestfield. In the second match, Gillingham scored three goals in the first half and ultimately won 3–1. In the second round, Gillingham played away to Plymouth Argyle of the Second Division; Richard Green missed a penalty for Gillingham, who lost 2–0.
Match details
Key
In result column, Gillingham's score shown first
H = Home match
A = Away match
pen. = Penalty kick
o.g. = Own goal
a. The match was played at Hayes's Church Road ground, but remained officially a home game for Yeading rather than being considered to have taken place at a neutral venue.
Football League Cup
As a Third Division team, Gillingham entered the 1993–94 Football League Cup in the first round and were paired with Brighton & Hove Albion of the Second Division. The first leg of the two-legged tie took place at Priestfield and Gillingham defeated their higher-level opponents 1–0 with a goal from Robbie Reinelt. Eight days later, however, Brighton won the second leg at the Goldstone Ground 2–0 and eliminated Gillingham from the competition by an aggregate score of 2–1.
Match details
Key
In result column, Gillingham's score shown first
H = Home match
A = Away match
pen. = Penalty kick
o.g. = Own goal
Football League Trophy
The 1993–94 Football League Trophy, a tournament exclusively for Second and Third Division teams, began with a round in which the teams were drawn into groups of three, contested on a round-robin basis. Gillingham were grouped with fellow Third Division team Colchester United and Cambridge United of the Second Division. Gillingham's first group match was at home to Colchester in late September and resulted in a 0–0 draw; the attendance of 1,091 was the lowest recorded at Priestfield during the season. Five weeks later, Gillingham played their second group game away to Cambridge and lost 2–0. With only one point from the two games, Gillingham finished third in the group and failed to qualify for the second round, ending their participation in the competition.
Match details
Key
In result column, Gillingham's score shown first
H = Home match
A = Away match
pen. = Penalty kick
o.g. = Own goal
Player details
During the course of the season, 24 players played for Gillingham in competitive matches. Forster made the most appearances, playing in 46 of the team's 49 games; he missed only one Third Division match and both of the team's two League Trophy games. Mark Dempsey made the fewest appearances, playing only one game.
Eleven players scored at least one goal for the team. Forster was the highest scorer with 18 goals, all scored in Third Division matches. No other player reached double figures; Baker came closest with 9 goals but no other player scored more than 4.
FW = Forward, MF = Midfielder, GK = Goalkeeper, DF = Defender
Aftermath
Eight days after the last game of the season, the club staged a gala centenary match at Priestfield featuring two teams of past and present Gillingham players managed by former Gillingham player Ernie Morgan and former manager Keith Peacock. Gillingham offered top scorer Forster a new contract, but he turned it down and instead signed for Brentford of the Second Division. Flanagan remained as manager for the next season, during which the team again struggled. In January 1995, after several seasons spent near the bottom of the Football League coupled with nearly a decade of financial difficulties, the club was declared insolvent and placed in receivership. Flanagan was made redundant by the administrators and replaced by Smillie for the remainder of the season. Gillingham finished the season 19th in the Third Division, but the club's continued existence remained in doubt. In June 1995, however, the club was saved from going out of business when it was purchased by businessman Paul Scally.
References
Works cited
Gillingham F.C. seasons
Gillingham Fc Season, 1993-94
Postsecularism refers to a range of theories regarding the persistence or resurgence of religious beliefs or practices in the present. The "post-" may refer to after the end of secularism or after the beginning of secularism.
Use
The term “postsecular” has been used in sociology, political theory, religious studies, art studies, literary studies, education and other fields. Jürgen Habermas is widely credited for popularizing the term, to refer to current times in which the idea of modernity is perceived as failing and, at times, morally unsuccessful, so that, rather than a stratification or separation, a new peaceful dialogue and tolerant coexistence between the spheres of faith and reason must be sought in order to learn mutually. In this sense, Habermas insists that both religious people and secularist people should not exclude each other, but to learn from one another and coexist tolerantly. Massimo Rosati says that in a post secular society, religious and secular perspectives are on even ground, meaning that the two theoretically share equal importance. Modern societies that have considered themselves fully secular until recently have to change their value systems accordingly as to properly accommodate this co-existence.
Charles Taylor's A Secular Age is also frequently invoked as describing the postsecular, though there is sometimes disagreement over what each author meant with the term. Particularly contested is the question of whether “postsecular” refers to a new sociological phenomenon or to a new awareness of an existing phenomenon—that is, whether society was secular and now is becoming post-secular or whether society was never and is not now becoming secular even though many people had thought it was or thought it was going to be. Some suggest that the term is so conflicted as to be of little use. Others suggest that the flexibility of the term is one of its strengths.
In literary studies, the term has been used to indicate a sort of postmodern religious or spiritual sensibility in certain contemporary texts.
Related concept of desecularization
The term "desecularization" appears in the title of Peter L. Berger's seminal work The Desecularization of the World: Resurgent Religion and World Politics.
Berger explains that the assumption that the modern world is secular has been “falsified." Specifically, Berger maintained that "the assumption we live in a secularized world is false.... The world today is as furiously religious as it ever was."
See also
Habermas' religious dialogue
Church renewal
Great Awakening
Islamic revival and Islamization
Islamism
Neopaganism
New Age
New Atheism
New Thought
Postmodern religion
Post-postmodernism
Religious naturalism
Secular religion
Spiritual naturalism
Transhumanism
Further reading
Abeysekara, Ananda. The Politics of Postsecular Religion: Mourning Secular Futures (Columbia University Press, 2008).
Ratti, Manav. The Postsecular Imagination: Postcolonialism, Religion, and Literature (London and New York: Routledge, 2013).
During, Simon. "Toward the Postsecular". PMLA: Publications of the Modern Language Association of America: 120.3 (2005 May), pp. 876–77.
Agar, Jolyon. Post-Secularism, Realism and Utopia: Transcendence and Immanence from Hegel to Bloch (London and New York: Routledge, 2014).
McClure, John A.. Partial Faiths: Postsecular Fiction in the Age of Pynchon and Morrison. Athens, GA: U of Georgia P, 2007. xi, 209 pp.
Bracke, Sarah. "Conjugating the Modern- Religious, Conceptualizing Female Religious Agency: Contours of a 'Post-secular' Conjuncture". Theory, culture & society. 25 (2008), p. 51-68.
Braidotti, Rosi. "In Spite of the Times: The Postsecular Turn in Feminism" Theory, culture & society. 25 (2008), p. 1-24.
Jean-Marc Ferry La Raison et la foi, Pocket, Paris, 2016.
Habermas, Jürgen. "Secularism's Crisis of Faith: Notes on Post-Secular Society". New perspectives quarterly. vol. 25 (2008) p. 17-29.
Josephson, Jason Ānanda. The Invention of Religion in Japan (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2012) (has a chapter on the "Shinto Secular" which is a discussion of postsecularism).
Jusova, Iveta. "European Immigration and Continental Feminism: Theories of Rosi Braidotti." Feminist Theory 12:1 (Spring 2011).
Koehrsen, Jens. "How religious is the public sphere? – A critical stance on the debate about public religion and post-secularity." Acta Sociologica. 55 (2012), p. 273-288.
Morozov, Aleksandr. "Has the Postsecular Age Begun?". Religion, state & society. 36 (2008) p. 39-44.
Roberts, Michael Symmons. "Poetry In A Post-Secular Age". Poetry review. vol. 98 (London, 2008), p. 69-75
Vries, Hent de; Sullivan, Lawrence E.; Ward, Ian. "Political Theologies: Public Religions in a Post-Secular World". Journal of church and state 17.50 (2008) p. 150-151
Ferrara, Alessandro. "The separation of religion and politics in a post-secular society". Philosophy & social criticism. 35. (2009), p. 77-92.
John R. Betz. After Enlightenment: The post-secular vision of J.G. Hamann (Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell Pub, 2009).
Parmaksız, Umut. "Making Sense of the Postsecular". European Journal of Social Theory. December 15, 2016. DOI: 10.1177/1368431016682743
References
External links
Secularism
Religion and politics
Sociology of religion
Political philosophy
"Making Our Dreams Come True" is a 1976 hit single written by Charles Fox and Norman Gimbel. It was recorded by Cyndi Grecco, then an unknown musician. The title track of her debut album, it was also used as the theme song to the 1976–83 television sitcom Laverne & Shirley (where it was titled "We're Gonna Make It" in the first-season end credits).
"Making Our Dreams Come True" reached number 25 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 21 on the Cash Box Top 100. The song reached number 16 in Canada on the RPM Weekly Top Singles chart. It spent 16 weeks on the U.S. charts, peaking in early July, and also reached number 13 on the Adult Contemporary chart. To date, it is Grecco's lone record to reach any chart.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
Johnny Cash covered the song for a commercial for Nissan, highlighting the Japanese automaker's American workforce.
A country version of the song was used in the game Wasteland 3 for the final boss fight of the second DLC, The Cult of the Holy Detonation.
See also
List of 1970s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
External links
Lyrics of this song
1976 songs
1976 singles
Songs with music by Charles Fox (composer)
Songs with lyrics by Norman Gimbel
Private Stock Records singles
Comedy television theme songs
Songs about dreams
Roberto Grigis (born 16 September 1962 in Bergamo, Italy) is a retired Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Bergamo
The Beatles' first English tour lasted from 2 February 1963 until 3 March 1963. The Beatles were fourth on an eleven-act bill headed by 16-year-old Londoner, Helen Shapiro. Other acts on the tour were the Red Price Band, The Kestrels, The Honeys (UK), Dave Allen, Kenny Lynch and Danny Williams. They were also joined briefly by Billie Davis during the latter part of the tour.
The tour was organised by the Arthur Howes Agency. This was the first time that the Beatles had worked with Howes.
Programme
The programme for the tour was:
Red Price Band
The Honeys
Dave Allen
The Beatles
Dave Allen
Danny Williams
—Interval—
Red Price Band
The Kestrels
Kenny Lynch
Dave Allen
Helen Shapiro
Set list
The Beatles typical set list for the shows was as follows (with lead singers noted):
"Chains" (George Harrison)
"Keep Your Hands Off My Baby" (John Lennon)
"A Taste of Honey" (Paul McCartney)
"Please Please Me" (John Lennon / Paul McCartney)
Two other songs were used as prepared alternatives during the tour:
"Love Me Do" (Paul McCartney / John Lennon)
"Beautiful Dreamer" (Paul McCartney)
Winter 1963 Helen Shapiro Tour dates
The Shapiro tour was split into two parts.
Part 1
The first part lasted from 2 to 10 February, although the Beatles did not play on the 10th, as they needed to be in London early on the 11th. The Beatles played two dates at the Cavern Club, Liverpool on 3 and 4 February, before joining the Shapiro tour again on the 5th.
All dates from Lewisohn
On 11 February, the Beatles recorded the ten tracks that, together with their two previously released singles, formed their debut album, Please Please Me.
From 12 to 22 February, they played a number of dates on their own, before joining the Shapiro tour again on the 23.
Part 2
The second part lasted from 23 February until 3 March. Travelling to Shrewsbury on 28 February 1963, Lennon and McCartney wrote the next Beatles single, "From Me To You".
All dates from Lewisohn
Instruments and equipment
Instruments The Beatles had on the tour, shown here for each member of the group.
John Lennon
1958 Rickenbacker 325 electric guitar
1962 Gibson J-160E electro-acoustic guitar (used as backup)
1962 Vox AC-30 amplifier
Paul McCartney
1961 Höfner 500/1 hollowbody Violin bass
Quad II/22 Amp modified by Adrian Barber
1962 Adrian Barber "Coffin" speaker cabinet
George Harrison
1957 Gretsch Duo Jet hollowbody electric guitar
1962 Gibson J-160E electro-acoustic guitar (used as backup)
1962 Vox AC-30 amplifier
Ringo Starr
Premier Mahogany drum kit
20×17" bass drum
12×8" rack tom
16×16" floor tom
14×4" Premier Royal Ace wood-shell snare drum
See also
List of the Beatles' live performances
References
Bibliography
1963 concert tours
1963 UK Winter Tour
1963 in the United Kingdom
Concert tours of the United Kingdom
February 1963 events in the United Kingdom
March 1963 events in the United Kingdom
The grey wren (Cantorchilus griseus) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to the southwestern part of Amazonas state in Brazil. This small, poorly known wren somewhat resembles a house wren, but its upperparts are gray.
Taxonomy and systematics
The grey wren, with many other Cantorchilus wrens, was originally included in genus Thryothorus, but that genus was determined to be paraphyletic. There are suggestions that the species may warrant its own genus because it is quite different from the rest of genus Cantorchilus.
Description
The grey wren is long. The adults have a lead-gray crown and upperparts; the tail is also gray with broad blackish bars. It has a faint whitish supercilium and the rest of the face is gray. The throat is whitish gray, the chest gray, and the belly a slightly buffy gray. It differs from others of its genus in its smaller overall size, its shorter tail, the gray plumage, and the absence of prominent facial markings.
Distribution and habitat
The grey wren is known only from a small area of Brazil, along the right bank of the Rio Javarí and the upper reaches of the Rio Juruá and Rio Purus to the southeast. The Rio Javari forms the border with Peru but the species is unknown on that side (the left bank) of the river. It is a bird of thick vegetation, inhabiting overgrown clearings and the undergrowth of várzea forest. In elevation it ranges only as high as .
Behavior
Feeding
The grey wren's diet has not been documented. It is known to forage in pairs and small family groups in its habitat's tangled undergrowth.
Breeding
No information has been published about the grey wren's breeding phenology.
Vocalization
The grey wren's song is "a repeated phrase of 2 or 3 notes, 'chu-choww' or 'chippit, chippit'".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the grey wren as being of The Least Concern. Though it appears to be common in parts of its range, it needs much further study.
References
Cantorchilus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1925
Taxa named by W. E. Clyde Todd
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Deceuninck NV is a Belgian designer and producer of PVC systems for windows and doors, interior, roofline & cladding and terraces. The company extrudes PVC and the single base material Twinson.
Founded in 1937, with its headquarters in Hooglede-Gits, the Deceuninck Group operates in more than 75 countries and has 35 subsidiaries across Europe, North America and Asia, including the United States, United Kingdom, Russia and Turkey. It was listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange in 1985 and achieved a turnover of 506.4 million euros in 2009. As of 2010 it employs 2,816 full-time employees.
Cycling
Starting 2019 they signed a multiyear deal with Patrick Lefévère's cycling team as new title sponsor, resulting in Deceuninck-Quick-Step as the new team name.
References
External links
Official Deceuninck site
Official Twinson site
Euronext
Business Week
Financial Times
Companies based in West Flanders
Manufacturing companies established in 1937
Hooglede
Belgian companies established in 1937
Colonel David George Carr Sutherland (28 October 192014 March 2006) was a British Army officer, intelligence officer and military author.
Sutherland was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. On 22 October 1939 he commissioned into the 6th Battalion, Black Watch and went to France as part of the British Expeditionary Force. He saw action in the Battle of France. In 1940 he joined No. 8 (Guards) Commando in the Middle East and participated in Operation Flipper. In 1941 Sutherland served with the 1 Special Boat Service before serving with 1 Special Air Service (D Squadron) in the Western Desert between 1942 and 1943. On 16 November 1942 he was awarded the Military Cross for his part in Operation Anglo; he received a Bar in September 1943. From 1943 to 1945 he was commanding officer of S Detachment of the Special Boat Squadron operating in Palestine and the Greek islands. He was mentioned in dispatches in January 1945 for "gallant & distinguished services against the enemy in the field."
Following the end of the Second World War, Sutherland was on the British military mission to Greece in 1946 (being awarded the Greek War Cross), before becoming an instructor at Sandhurst. He worked for MI5 throughout the period, in which he was appointed to advise on the security of the Kariba dam and oil installations in the Gulf before he was made head of station in Pakistan. Between 1956 and 1958 was commanding officer of 21 SAS Regiment. Sutherland served as deputy commander SAS Group from 1967 to 1972. In June 1974 he was invested as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire and retired as a colonel in 1977.
Sutherland served as deputy lieutenant for his home town of Peebles in 1974. He married twice and had one son and two daughters.
Publications
He Who Dares: Recollections of Service in the SAS, SBS and MI5 (1998)
References
1920 births
2006 deaths
Black Watch officers
British Army personnel of World War II
British military writers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of Peeblesshire
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
MI5 personnel
People educated at Eton College
Recipients of the Military Cross
Special Air Service officers
Adelaide Universities Regiment (AUR) is an officer training unit of the Australian Army headquartered in Adelaide, South Australia. Currently AUR maintains a cadre staff of trained Regular and Reserve personnel who oversee and administer the training of Reserve officer cadets. The majority of the regiment is currently based at Hampstead Barracks.
History
The regiment was first formed in May 1948 as the "Adelaide University Regiment" under the command of Major (later Colonel) Rex J. Lipman when Australia's part-time military force, the Citizens Military Force (CMF) – which was later renamed the Army Reserve – was rebuilt following the end of the Second World War. The regiment's first honorary colonel was Arthur Blackburn, a Victoria Cross recipient, whose son, Richard (a prominent lawyer and veteran of the Second World War), became involved with the regiment upon its establishment and later served as its commanding officer between 1955 and 1957.
Like other Australian university regiments, upon formation AUR was established as an infantry unit providing military training to tertiary students. Part of the Royal Australian Infantry Corps (RA Inf), it consisted of a rifle company, a support company (with transport, mortar, signals, anti-tank and intelligence subunits) and a headquarters company; this was later expanded as machine-gun and assault pioneer sections were also raised.
Personnel were drawn from universities and teaching colleges in Adelaide and the regiment's first parade took place on 27 September 1948, when nearly 100 personnel were enlisted. Although these personnel were all part-time members, the regiment was assigned a small cadre of five regular personnel to undertake administrative functions.
At the regiment's first training camp, which was undertaken at Woodside in January 1949, 88 personnel turned out. This represented 98 percent of the regiment's strength at the time. As interest started to grow, the regiment was authorised an establishment of 21 officers and 389 other ranks, however, actual numbers remained low initially.
In 1950, the regiment was part of Central Command, along with the 10th and 27th Battalions. During this time it was headquartered at Adelaide University although parades were also undertaken at the Torrens Training Depot. Following the introduction of national service in the early 1950s the regiment's numbers began to grow. By 13 April 1953, AUR had an actual strength of 515 personnel of all ranks. As a result of this expansion, a second rifle company was raised. Between 1955 and 1958, the regiment used the Warradale depot as its base camp.
On 20 January 1957, the regiment received its colours. Presented by the then Governor of South Australia, Air Vice Marshal Sir Robert George, at the time they were the first colours to be presented to a South Australian unit in 30 years.
The end of national service in 1959 led to a rapid decrease in the regiment's size and by the end of the year AUR had only 116 personnel on its books. For the early part of the 1960s the regiment was maintained on a volunteer-only basis and as a result numbers remained low. In 1965, the regiment began to deliver part-time commissioning courses, while at the same time continuing to undertake its role as a "conventional rifle battalion", remaining part of RA Inf. Between 1965 and 1972 the regiment also served as a training institution for national servicemen who had chosen to serve in the CMF rather than the Regular Army. As a result of this, by 1968 AUR reached its "ceiling strength" of 650 personnel of all ranks.
In 1982, AUR established depots at Prospect and St Marys in order to draw recruits from Flinders University. This was short lived, however, as the St Marys depot was closed two years later. In 1991, the Australian Army underwent a Force Structure Review, the result of which was that AUR was reorganised to become solely focused upon the provision of training to Reserve officer cadets, under the banner of the Royal Military College of Australia. AUR relocated to Hampstead Barracks in Greenacres in 2001.
In 2008, the regiment was assigned to the 2nd Division and tasked with the provision of commissioned officers to units from the 9th Brigade, which sees them train personnel from South Australia, Tasmania and the Northern Territory. AUR conducts regular training in barracks on Tuesday nights and on various weekends each month, as well as periods of field training throughout the year at the Murray Bridge Training Area near Murray Bridge, Woodside and Cultana Training Area near Port Augusta. The regiment, supported by the Western Australia University Regiment, also conducts the second module of the Reserve General Service Officer course twice a year.
Link to the Royal Irish Regiment
The regiment maintains an alliance with the Royal Irish Regiment, which has its origins in the regiment's historical link with the Royal Ulster Rifles. As a symbol of this alliance, members of AUR previously wore a rifle green hackle behind their hat badge.
AUR Pipes and Drums
The AUR Pipes and Drums band was formed by the Regiment's first commanding officer in 1949. The commanding officer chose to form a pipe band based on his wartime experience of military bands sustaining heavy casualties whilst performing the role of stretcher bearers. The band's original instruments, 16 sets of bagpipes, and its blue and white Napier kilts appeared in mysterious circumstances in mid-1949. Their first appearance in public was as part of a parade along King William Street on 21 January 1952. In 1992 the band performed at the Edinburgh Military Tattoo. It was disbanded on 1 February 2010.
In 2009, ex Pipe Major, Ernest Dowler was awarded the Order of Australia Medal for his services to music. In 2011, another former member of the AUR Pipes and Drums, Greg Bassani, was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) in the Queens Birthday Honours list for his services to music. The regimental quick march is Highland Laddie.
Structure
The regiment currently consists of the following subunits:
Regimental Headquarters (Adelaide);
Advanced Training Company (Adelaide);
Recruit Induction Company (Adelaide, Tasmania and NT)
Beersheba Company (Adelaide, Tasmania and NT);
Notes
References
Military units and formations established in 1948
Regiments of Australia
Military units in Tasmania
Military units in South Australia
Military units in Northern Territory
Lichtenhagen, from the oldgerman designation for Clear Grove is the name for many urban places like
Rostock-Lichtenhagen, borough of Rostock, Germany
Elmenhorst/Lichtenhagen, Bad Doberan, Germany
neighborhood of Friedland, Lower Saxony, Germany
village in Ottenstein, Germany
neighbourhood of Knüllwald, Schwalm-Eder-Kreis, Germany
Forest Lichtenhagen, Schermbeck, Germany
Other uses include:
Silke Lichtenhagen (*1973), German athlete
Riot of Rostock-Lichtenhagen
The Bonakouamouang Chimney – situated in Douala, Cameroon in the district of Akwa neighborhood of Bessegue – is a relict of the waterworks built by the Germans at the beginning of the 19th century. The waterworks were part of the first phase of industrial investments aimed at the urbanisation of Kamerunstadt (Douala).
The supply of running water was necessary to allow the implementation of the major development works which would radically transform the traditional village of Douala into an urban agglomeration of administrative and commercial buildings, private residences, places of worship and schools. The urban plan of von Brautisch, head of Kamerunstadt district under the government of Jesko von Puttkamer (1895-1907), changed the local way of life and economy: wide streets were opened up, the Bonaku (Akwatown) marshes were drained, an embankment was built providing a route between Bonanjo and Akwa, the harbour area was expanded... henceforward denying fishermen any direct access to the river. The railway infrastructure created from the beginning of the 20th century was to develop communications with the country's interior. Thus the Besséké valley became home to the first station on the town's left bank, in the port area. From 1909 the Northern railway line was completed, linking Bonabéri and Nkongsamba. Work on the line joining Douala and Yaoundé began at the end of 1910-beginning of 1911.
Requisitioned as forced labour for these undertakings, the human cost of laying the foundations for the new colonial economy was a high one for the local workforce.
In 2006 the building is highlighted by an urban sign produced by doual'art and designed by Sandrine Dole; the sign presents an historical image of the building and a description of its history.
See also
Kamerun
References
Further reading
Bonakouamouang Chimney in Douala Ville d'art et d'histoire, doual'art, Douala, 2006.
External links
Buildings and structures in Douala
Alliance is an unincorporated community in Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Alliance was a station and shipping point on the Big Four Railroad.
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Wollerich is a restaurant located in Sint-Oedenrode, in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1997–2007 and 2010–present.
Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 17 out of 20 points.
Head chef of Wollerich is Gerard Wollerich.
In 2008, there was great consternation when the restaurant unexpectedly lost its Michelin star. This despite the high score in the Gault Millau. In 2010, the restaurant won its star back.
Wollerich is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.
See also
List of Michelin starred restaurants in the Netherlands
References
Restaurants in the Netherlands
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the Netherlands
Restaurants in North Brabant
Meierijstad
John Adam (4 May 1779 – 4 June 1825) was a British administrator in India, serving as the acting Governor-General of the British East India Company in 1823.
Life
The eldest son of William Adam of Blair Adam, he was born on 4 May 1779, and was educated at Charterhouse School. He received a writership on the Bengal establishment in 1794; and, after a year at Edinburgh University, landed at Calcutta in India in February 1796 to work for the East India Company.
Most of Adam's career was spent in the secretariat. He was private as well as political secretary to the Marquess of Hastings, whom he accompanied in the field during the Third Anglo-Maratha War. In 1817 he was nominated by the court of directors a member of council. In 1819 he became a member of the Supreme Council of India.
As senior member of council, Adam became Acting Governor General of India on Lord Hastings's departure in January 1823. His rule lasted for seven months, until the arrival of Lord Amherst in August of the same year. It saw the suppression of the freedom of the English press in India. James Silk Buckingham had established the Calcutta Journal, which published severe comments on the government. Adam cancelled Buckingham's license for residence in India, and passed regulations restricting newspaper criticism. Buckingham appealed to the court of proprietors at home, to the House of Commons, and to the Privy Council; but the action of Adam was upheld by each of these three bodies. Another unpopular act of Adam's governor-generalship was to withdraw official support from the banking firm of Palmer, who had acquired great influence with the Nizam of Hyderabad.
Adam also appropriated public money for the encouragement of Indian education. His health broke down and he left his job and he left in March 1825. After a voyage to Bombay, and a visit to Almorah in the lower Himalayas, he embarked on a ship to return him to his parents in Britain. He died off the coast of Madagascar on 4 June 1825. He was buried at sea but he is memorialised within the family tomb in Greyfriars Kirkyard in Edinburgh. A tomb monument to Adam was also erected in 1827 in Cathedral of Calcutta, now known as St. John's Church.
The John Adam
The John Adam was an Indian-built ship of about 580 tons burthen, appointed in 1821 for the accommodation of the mission of John Crawfurd to the Courts of Siam and Cochin China.
References
Ayers, Sydney (July 2019). "An English Country House in Calcutta: mapping networks between Government House, the statesman John Adam, and the architect Robert Adam." ABE Journal.
Notes
Attribution
1779 births
1825 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
Viceroys of India
Governors-General of India
British people of the First Anglo-Burmese War
This is a partial list of recordings of songs that drummer Hal Blaine played on.
A
(Songs whose names start with the article word "A" have been put into the alphabetical position of the second word in their titles.)
All I Have to Do Is Dream (Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell)
All I Know (Art Garfunkel)
Along Comes Mary (The Association)
America (Simon & Garfunkel)
Andmoreagain (Love)
Annie's Song (John Denver)
Another Saturday Night (Sam Cooke)
Any World (That I'm Welcome To) (Steely Dan)
Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In (The 5th Dimension)
At the Zoo (Simon & Garfunkel)
B
Baby I Need Your Loving (Johnny Rivers)
Baby Talk (Jan and Dean)
Back Home Again (John Denver)
Barbara Ann (The Beach Boys)
Batman Theme (The Marketts)
Be My Baby (The Ronettes)
Be True to Your School (The Beach Boys)
(The Best Part of) Breakin' Up (The Ronettes)
Bless the Beasts and the Children (The Carpenters)
Bossa Nova Baby (Elvis Presley)
The Boxer (Simon & Garfunkel)
Bridge over Troubled Water (Simon & Garfunkel)
By the Time I Get to Phoenix (Tony Mann)
By the Time I Get to Phoenix (Johnny Rivers)
By the Time I Get to Phoenix (Glen Campbell)
C
California Dreamin' (The Mamas and the Papas)
California Girls (The Beach Boys)
Calypso (John Denver)
Can't Help Falling in Love (Elvis Presley)
Can't You Hear the Song? (Wayne Newton)
Cara Mia (Jay and the Americans)
Caroline, No (Brian Wilson)
Cecilia (Simon & Garfunkel)
Cherish (David Cassidy)
Christmas (Baby Please Come Home) (Darlene Love)
Come a Little Bit Closer (Jay and the Americans)
Come and Knock on Our Door (theme from the television series Three's Company)
Come Back When You Grow Up (Bobby Vee)
Come Saturday Morning (The Sandpipers)
Congratulations (Paul Simon), track 11 on 1972 album Paul Simon
Cotton Fields (The Beach Boys)
Count Me In (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
Could It Be Forever (David Cassidy)
Cracklin' Rosie (Neil Diamond)
Creeque Alley (The Mamas and the Papas)
D
Da Doo Ron Ron (The Crystals)
Daddy Don't You Walk So Fast (Wayne Newton)
The Daily Planet (Love)
Dance, Dance, Dance (The Beach Boys)
Darlin' (The Beach Boys)
Dead Man's Curve (Jan and Dean)
Death of a Ladies' Man (Leonard Cohen)
Dedicated to the One I Love (The Mamas and the Papas)
Didn't We (Richard Harris)
Dizzy (Tommy Roe)
Do You Know Where You're Going To (theme from the film Mahogany) (Diana Ross)
Doesn't Somebody Want to Be Wanted (The Partridge Family)
Don't Pull Your Love (Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds)
The Door Is Still Open to My Heart (Dean Martin)
Drag City (Jan and Dean)
Dream a Little Dream of Me (The Mamas and the Papas)
E
18 Yellow Roses (Bobby Darin)
El Condor Pasa (Simon & Garfunkel)
Elusive Butterfly (Bob Lind)
Evangeline (Emmylou Harris)
Eve of Destruction (Barry McGuire)
Everybody Loves a Clown (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
Everybody Loves Somebody (Dean Martin)
Everything That Touches You (The Association)
F
Fakin' It (Simon & Garfunkel)
For All We Know (The Carpenters)
Fun, Fun, Fun (The Beach Boys)
G
Galveston (Glen Campbell)
Go Where You Wanna Go (The Mamas and The Papas)
Go Where You Wanna Go (The Fifth Dimension)
God Only Knows (The Beach Boys)
Good Vibrations (The Beach Boys)
Goodbye to Love (The Carpenters)
Guantanamera (The Sandpipers)
Guess I'm Dumb (Glen Campbell)
H
Half-Breed (Cher)
The Happening (The Supremes)
A Hazy Shade of Winter (Simon & Garfunkel)
He's a Rebel (The Crystals)
Help Me, Rhonda (The Beach Boys)
Heroes and Villains (The Beach Boys)
Hey Little Cobra (The Rip Chords)
Hey Jude (Bing Crosby)
Him or Me – What's It Gonna Be? (Paul Revere & the Raiders)
Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me (Mel Carter)
Holly Holy (Neil Diamond)
Homeward Bound (Simon & Garfunkel)
Houston (Dean Martin)
How Does That Grab You? (Nancy Sinatra)
Hungry (Paul Revere & the Raiders)
Hurting Each Other (The Carpenters)
I
I Am... I Said (Neil Diamond)
I Believe You (The Carpenters)
I Can't Go On (Chris and Craig)
I Couldn't Live Without Your Love (Petula Clark)
If I Can Dream (Elvis Presley)
I Get Around (The Beach Boys)
I Got You Babe (Sonny & Cher)
I Need You (America)
I Need You (Chris and Craig)
I Saw Her Again (The Mamas and the Papas)
I Think I Love You (The Partridge Family)
If I Were a Carpenter (Bobby Darin)
I'll Meet You Halfway (The Partridge Family)
I'm Sorry (John Denver)
In My Room (The Beach Boys)
Indian Reservation (The Lament of the Cherokee Reservation Indian) (Paul Revere & the Raiders)
It Never Rains in Southern California (Albert Hammond)
It's Getting Better (Cass Elliot)
It's Over (Roy Orbison)
I Won't Last a Day Without You (The Carpenters)
J
Jam Up and Jelly Tight (Tommy Roe)
Jambalaya (On the Bayou) (The Carpenters)
Johnny Angel (Shelley Fabares)
José Cuervo (Shelly West)
Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In) (The First Edition)
K
Kicks (Paul Revere & the Raiders)
L
(Last Night) I Didn't Get to Sleep at All (The 5th Dimension)
Leave Me Alone (Ruby Red Dress) (Helen Reddy)
Let Him Run Wild (The Beach Boys)
Let's Live for Today (The Grass Roots)
Like a Sad Song (John Denver)
Like to Get to Know You (Spanky and Our Gang)
A Little Bit Me, a Little Bit You (The Monkees)
Little Deuce Coupe (The Beach Boys)
The Little Girl I Once Knew (The Beach Boys)
A Little Less Conversation (Elvis Presley)
The Little Old Lady (from Pasadena) (Jan and Dean)
Lizzie and the Rainman (Tanya Tucker)
The Lonely Bull (Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass)
Looking Through the Eyes of Love (The Partridge Family)
Love Theme from Romeo and Juliet (Henry Mancini)
Love Will Keep Us Together (Captain & Tennille)
M
MacArthur Park (Richard Harris)
Make Your Own Kind of Music (Cass Elliot)
Mamma (Connie Francis)
Mary, Mary (The Monkees)
Midnight Confessions (The Grass Roots)
Mona Lisa (Nat King Cole)(remaster)
Monday, Monday (The Mamas and the Papas)
Mother and Child Reunion (Paul Simon)
Mountain of Love (Johnny Rivers)
Mr. Tambourine Man (The Byrds)
Mrs. Robinson (Simon & Garfunkel)
Muskrat Love (Captain & Tennille)
My Love (Petula Clark)
My Special Angel (The Vogues)
N
Never My Love (The Association)
New Shabbos Waltz (David Grisman and Andy Statman)
The Night Has a Thousand Eyes (Bobby Vee)
No Matter What Shape (Your Stomach's In) (The T-Bones)
O
(Oly Oxen Free Free Free) Hide Go Seek (The Honeys)
One Less Bell to Answer (The 5th Dimension)
The Only Living Boy in New York (Simon & Garfunkel)
Out of Limits (The Marketts)
P
Paranoia Blues (Paul Simon), track 10 on 1972 album Paul Simon
Poor Side of Town (Johnny Rivers)
R
Rainy Days and Mondays (The Carpenters)
Red Roses for a Blue Lady (Vic Dana)
Return to Sender (Elvis Presley)
Rhythm of the Rain (The Cascades)
Ringo (Lorne Greene)
Rock-A-Hula Baby (Elvis Presley)
The Rocky Horror Show (original Roxy Theatre cast recording)
Run That Body Down (Paul Simon), track 4 on 1972 album Paul Simon
S
San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair) (Scott McKenzie)
Save Your Heart for Me (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
She's a Fool (Lesley Gore)
She's Just My Style (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
The Seventh Son (Johnny Rivers)
Sleigh Ride (The Ronettes)
Sloop John B (The Beach Boys)
The Snake (Al Wilson)
So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright (Simon & Garfunkel)
Softly, as I Leave You (Frank Sinatra)
Somethin' Stupid (Frank and Nancy Sinatra)
Song Sung Blue (Neil Diamond)
Sooner or Later (The Grass Roots)
Stoned Soul Picnic (The 5th Dimension)
Stoney End (Barbra Streisand)
Strangers in the Night (Frank Sinatra)
Sugar Town (Nancy Sinatra)
Sunshower (Thelma Houston, prod: Jimmy Webb)
Superstar (The Carpenters)
Sure Gonna Miss Her (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
Surf City (Jan and Dean)
Surfer Girl (The Beach Boys)
T
A Taste of Honey (Herb Alpert)
Tears in the Morning (The Beach Boys)
A Texas State of Mind (David Frizzell and Shelly West)
Thank God I'm a Country Boy (John Denver)
That's Life (Frank Sinatra)
Then He Kissed Me (The Crystals)
(They Long to Be) Close to You (The Carpenters)
This Diamond Ring (Gary Lewis & the Playboys)
This Girl Is a Woman Now (Gary Puckett & The Union Gap)
This Is My Song (Petula Clark)
Top of the World (The Carpenters)
The Tracks of My Tears (Johnny Rivers)
Turn Around, Look at Me (The Vogues)
U
Up, Up and Away (The 5th Dimension)
V
Ventura Highway (America)
W
Wedding Bell Blues (The 5th Dimension)
(Where Do I Begin?) Love Story (Andy Williams)
Where the Boys Are (Connie Francis)
We've Only Just Begun (The Carpenters)
Wichita Lineman (Glen Campbell)
Windy (The Association)
Woman, Woman (Gary Puckett & The Union Gap)
Words of Love (the Mamas and the Papas)
Workin' On a Groovy Thing (The 5th Dimension)
Wouldn't It Be Nice (The Beach Boys)
Y
The Yard Went on Forever (Richard Harris)
Yesterday Once More (The Carpenters)
Young Girl (Gary Puckett & The Union Gap)
(You're the) Devil in Disguise (Elvis Presley)
You're the One (The Vogues)
You're the Reason God Made Oklahoma (David Frizzell and Shelly West)
You've Never Done It Like That (Captain & Tennille)
Z
Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah (Bob B. Soxx & the Blue Jeans)
Notes
All of the dates shown, are the following year of the award.
The Grammy year preceded the Television broadcast by several months.
References
Sources
Lists of songs by session musician
Markéta Bednářová (née Mokrošová, born 17 April 1981 in Nové Město na Moravě) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1981 births
Living people
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Nové Město na Moravě
Sportspeople from the Vysočina Region
Need love is the fourth studio album by Japanese pop band Deen. It was released on 24 May 2000 under Berg label records. It is their first self-produced album. The album consists of three previously released singles, "Just One", "My Love" and "Power of Love". Just one has received album version under title "-Break 4 Style-"
This is the last album where Naoki Uzumoto is providing music for them. In 1999, after the release of single My love he left the band.
From this album, their music style slowly start change from original rock style to more mainstream pop sphere.
The album reached #10 in its first week and charted for 4 weeks, selling 58,940 copies. This is their last album which entered into Oricon Top 10 rankings.
Track listing
In media
Aoi Senshi Tachi - commercial song for company NTT DoCoMo Shikoku
Just One - commercial song for company "Sharp Corporation'My Love - theme song for Fuji TV drama Kaze no YukuePower of Love - ending theme for Nihon TV program Sports Max''
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2000 albums
Deen (band) albums
The Real Housewives of Durban (abbreviated RHODurban) is a South African reality television series that premiered on 29 January 2021, on Showmax.
The show is developed as the 24th international installment of the American The Real Housewives franchise and the second installment of the franchise set in South Africa. The Real Housewives of Durban focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women living in Durban, South Africa.
The current cast consists of Sorisha Naidoo, Nonkanyiso Conco, Annie Mthembu, Nonku Williiams, Thobile MaKhumalo Mseleku, Londie London, and JoJo Robinson. Previously featured cast members include original housewives Kgomotso Ndungane and Ayanda Ncwane.
In September 2021, the show was renewed for a second season by Showmax.
Overview & casting
Episodes
Season 1 (2021)
Season 2 (2022)
References
External links
Official Program Page
South African television series based on American television series
2018 South African television series debuts
South African reality television series
Durban
Women in South Africa
Culture of Durban
The sayaca tanager (Thraupis sayaca) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, the tanagers. It is a common resident in northeastern, central, and southeastern Brazil ( or ), and Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, and northeastern Argentina (where they are known as or ). A few are recorded from far southeastern Peru, but its status there is unclear, in part due to the potential of confusion with the very similar juveniles of the blue-grey tanager.
It occurs in a wide range of open to semiopen habitats, but generally avoids the interior of dense forest (such as the Amazon). This tanager visits farmland in search of orchards and adapts readily to urban environment, as long as some arboreal cover and a supply of fruits are available. It feeds on flowers, buds, and insects, and this omnivorous lifestyle has helped it to become perhaps the most — or one of the most — common urban birds in southeastern Brazil, along with the rufous-bellied thrush.
Taxonomy
The sayaca tanager was formally described in 1766 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in the 12th edition of his Systema Naturae under the binomial name Tanagra sayaca. In 1648, well before the introduction of the binomial system, the German naturalist Georg Marcgrave had described the sayaca tanager as the Sayacu in his Historia Naturalis Brasiliae. The specific epithet is from Tupi Saí-acú meaning "very lively"; it was applied to various tanagers. The type locality is the state of Pernambuco in Brazil. This species is now placed in the genus Thraupis that was introduced by the German naturalist Friedrich Boie in 1826.
Three subspecies are recognised:
T. s. boliviana Bond & Meyer de Schauensee, 1941 – north Bolivia
T. s. obscura Naumburg, 1924 – central, south Bolivia to west Argentina
T. s. sayaca (Linnaeus, 1766) – east, south Brazil, Paraguay, northeast Argentina and Uruguay
References
External links
Sayaca Tanager videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Uruguay) with RangeMap
Sayaca Tanager photo gallery VIREO
Article, with reference to photo Sayaca Tanager: "Sanhaço"
Sayaca Tanager: Photos and vocalizations The Avifauna of the Interior of Ceará, Brazil
sayaca tanager
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Argentina
sayaca tanager
sayaca tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Johan Lenox (real name Stephen Feigenbaum) is an American singer, rapper, composer and producer. His musical style is derived from trap music, combining elements of hip hop, pop and classical music.
He began gaining attention for his production for high-profile artists like Travis Scott and Kanye West, among others. He has production credits on the singles, "It'll Be Okay" by Shawn Mendes, "We Got Love" by Teyana Taylor and "Deep Reverence" by Big Sean featuring Nipsey Hussle. He released his first project in 2019, and has released three more since.
Early life
Feigenbaum was raised in Massachusetts, where he spent summers studying classical music at Tanglewood in Lenox, Massachusetts. He spent six years at Yale University studying music. He was inspired upon hearing Kanye West's 2010 album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, realizing the potential of combining classical music with modern pop and hip hop.
Career
2016-2018: "Yeethoven"
Feigenbaum developed his stage name combining the name of his favorite composer, Johann Sebastian Bach, and the town of Lenox, Massachusetts where he studied classical music. Feigenbaum began receiving attention in 2016, composing a live orchestra event called "Yeethoven", a project that combines and compares the works of Kanye West and Beethoven. This project captured the attention of Time, Pitchfork, The Atlantic and artists like Vic Mensa and producer Mike Dean. Impressed by the work, Dean invited Feigenbaum to help produce for several Kanye West projects in 2018, including Nas' Nasir and Teyana Taylor's The Album.
2019-2022: Solo work, and WDYWTBWYGU
In the subsequent years, Feigenbaum released a series of three projects under the Island Records label; Everybody's Cool but Me in 2019, Cancel the Party in 2020, and World on Fire in 2021. The song "Deep Reverence" by Big Sean received a nomination for Best Rap Performance at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, bringing Feigenbaum his first Grammy nomination. His fourth project, which he dubbed his "debut album", was released independently in 2022 and is titled WDYWTBWYGU (an acronym of What Do You Want to Be When You Grow Up), and features KayCyy, Ant Clemons, Mr. Hudson, 070 Shakes, among others. In mid-2022, he joined 070 Shakes as the opener for her nationwide tour for her second studio album, You Can't Kill Me.
Discography
Albums
WDYWTBWYGU (2022)
Mixtapes
Everybody's Cool but Me (2019)
Cancel the Party (2020)
World on Fire (2021)
Extended plays
Chamber Johan (2021)
Wilds (2017)
External links
Official website
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American rappers
East Coast hip hop musicians
Alternative R&B musicians
Events from the year 1816 in Ireland.
Events
The Year Without a Summer – famine and typhoid kill 65,000 people by 1819.
January – Belfast Savings Bank opens for business.
30 January – wrecking of the Seahorse, Boadicea and Lord Melville (military transport ships) off Tramore in a gale with the loss of over 500 persons.
17 March – Richmond Bridge, designed by James Savage, is opened over Dublin's River Liffey.
May – the Ha'penny Bridge is opened over Dublin's River Liffey.
18 May – the National Institution for the Education of Deaf and Dumb Children of the Poor in Ireland is founded.
June – St. George's Church, Belfast, is opened, the oldest in the city built for the United Church of England and Ireland.
29–30 October – Wildgoose Lodge Murders: eight people are burned to death by a gang in County Louth.
Templemore Market House is built in County Tipperary.
Births
6 February – John Joseph Lynch, Bishop of Toronto (died 1888).
1 March – Charles Magill, member of the 1st Canadian Parliament and mayor of Hamilton (died 1898).
14 March – Anthony O'Grady Lefroy, government official in Western Australia (died 1897).
8 April – Frederick William Burton, painter (died 1900).
12 April – Charles Gavan Duffy, nationalist and Australian colonial politician (died 1903).
31 July – Trevor Chute, British Army officer (died 1886).
17 September – John Hawkins Hagarty, lawyer, teacher and judge in Canada (died 1900).
30 October – Richard Quain, physician (died 1898).
Full date unknown
John Drummond, early settler and explorer in Western Australia, first Inspector of Native Police there (died 1906).
John O'Mahony, a founding member of the Fenian Brotherhood (died 1877).
Deaths
24 April – James Orr, rhyming weaver poet (born 1770).
3 May – James McHenry, signer of the United States Constitution from Maryland, third United States Secretary of War (born 1753).
7 July – Richard Brinsley Sheridan, playwright and statesman (born 1751).
Full date unknown
Robert Fagan, painter, diplomat and archaeologist (b. c1761).
References
Years of the 19th century in Ireland
1810s in Ireland
Ireland
Ireland
Person of Jewish ethnicity () is а Russian euphemism that was invented as a supposedly politically correct alternative term for an ethnic Jew. It was invented because the word "Jew" () became pejorative during Soviet antisemitic campaigns.
Several officially sanctioned antisemitic campaigns took place in the Soviet Union, most notably the Doctor's Plot and the struggle against the "rootless cosmopolitans". However, the entire Jewish population was never openly and officially declared the enemy of the people. Instead, several euphemisms were used, such as Zionists, rootless cosmopolitans and "persons of Jewish ethnicity". There was an important distinction between these words: zionist and rootless cosmopolitans served as a label for "bad Jews" as enemies of the state, whereas "persons of Jewish ethnicity" was a politically correct expression for good, loyal Jews who were called by some ordinary folks as trained Jews (the original Russian word "дресированные" (dressage) typically refers to animals trained to perform in circus). However most people realized that all these euphemisms denoted all Jews. A dean of the Marxism-Leninism department at one of the Soviet Universities explained the policy to his students:
The analogous euphemism "person of Caucasian ethnicity" (Russian: лицо кавказской национальности) is used in modern Russian to refer to peoples of the Caucasus, such as Georgians or Armenians in Russia, though this expression has been criticized as there are multiple ethnic groups in the Caucasus.
See also
History of the Jews in the Soviet Union
List of Jewish ethnonyms
Jew (word)#Perception of offensiveness
Zhyd
People-first language
References
Antisemitism in the Soviet Union
Euphemisms
Soviet phraseology
Antisemitic slurs
Jogimatti is a hill station and forest reserve in Chitradurga district, Karnataka, India.
The reserve covers in Chitradurga, Holalkere and Hiriyur taluks, south of the city of Chitradurga. There is a century-old hilltop bungalow built by the British to house travellers, and a nearby temple dedicated to the local saint for whom the hill station was named, with 155 steps. The reserve has a small zoo called Adumalleshwar, which the Central Zoo Authority of India ordered renovated in 2012 to better house the animals, and an ecotourism adventure centre which opened in 2010. A waterfall called Himavatkedara or Himavatkedra has created a natural cave in which a Shiva lingam and idols of Veerabhadra and Basavanna have been placed.
Jogimatti is the highest point in the district, at in elevation, and one of the coolest places in the state. The vegetation is dry deciduous forest and scrub. It is rich in wildlife and until the 1950s was tiger habitat, but is threatened by encroachment from farms and from nearby windmills, which endanger birds. The tigers and sloth bears are reported to have almost died out, and the medicinal plants found in the reserve are endangered. A proposal has been made to declare it a wildlife refuge. Jogimatti was declared as sanctuary in 2018.
References
Reserved forests of India
Hill stations in Karnataka
Geography of Chitradurga district
Blue Canyon–Nyack Airport is an airport in Emigrant Gap, Placer County, California.
The airport is served by a single asphalt runway, 15/33. The runway is closed and unlighted from sunset to sunrise. The airport, in the Sierra Nevada mountain range, is surrounded by trees and is closed during winter because there are no deicing or snow removal facilities at the airport.
CTAF/MULTICOM: 122.90 MHz
Weather Data Services: (ID)BLU / (Type) WX ASOS / 120.075 MHz
Runway length = 3,300 feet, width = 50 feet
Airport elevation = 5284.0 feet, 1611 meters (above sea level)
During major fires the airport is used as a helipad.
References
External links
Airports in Placer County, California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
Johanna San Miguel (born November 14, 1967) is a Peruvian actress, presenter and comedian. Best known for being the host of the entertainment segment of "Primera Edición" morning news show. Her segment is called "America Espectáculos." and being in the teen soap opera "Carmín" and playing the fun and extroverted Queka in the popular show "Patacláun"'.
Television
Her career in television started in 1984 with the teen soap "Carmín". In 1995, she participated in the popular soap "Los Unos y los Otros" (The Ones, and the Others), where she met the actor Carlos Carlin, who later became her partner in various successful theater projects. It was around this time that she became part of the cast of the comedy troupe "Patacláun" which had a TV show of the same name. That show was broadcast by Frecuencia Latina, where she and her character "Queka" became very popular. Four years later she did "Carita de Atún" (Tuna face, a mock reference to "Carita de Angel" or Angel face a popular kid soap opera) An avant garde show that parodied shmaltzy children's soap operas by infusing them with comedy and adding elements of theater design in their sets.
Radio
She co- hosted for a time along with Carlos Carlin [1], a radio show called "Yo te amo, yo tampoco." on Lima's Radio Planeta. Currently she's the host of radio a radio show called "Jamon, Jamon" in Lima's Studio92 radio.
Theater
Along with Carlos Carlin, she acted in successful plays like "Chancho Amor" (a play on the Spanish words: "tanto amor" but in this case meaning pig love) and "Puro Cuento" the last one a funny and irreverent take on fairy tales with an adult and sexy twist.
Currently, Johanna, serves as host of the showbiz segment for the morning news program "Primera Edición"'' on America TV, in addition to conducting the radio program "Jamon, Jamon" on Lima's Studio92 radio.
References
Peruvian telenovela actresses
Peruvian television actresses
Living people
Peruvian people of Spanish descent
Peruvian people of Basque descent
Peruvian people of German descent
Peruvian people of British descent
Peruvian people of Catalan descent
Peruvian people of Italian descent
Peruvian activists
Peruvian women activists
1967 births
People from Lima
Peruvian television presenters
20th-century Peruvian actresses
Actresses from Lima
Peruvian women television presenters
Philipp Eng (born 28 February 1990 in Salzburg) is an Austrian professional racing driver, and BMW Motorsport works driver.
Career
Karting
Eng started karting in 2003, by competing in Intercontinental A Junior kart, competing in the Andrea Margutti Trophy and the Italian Open Masters. Eng finished 18th in the Margutti Trophy, leading home Marco Wittmann, while he finished 30th in the Italian Open Masters. Eng continued at JICA level in 2004, finishing seventh in the Margutti Trophy, and 31st in the European Championship. One highlight however was that Eng won the Italian Open Masters, holding off Wittmann again by five points. He moved to ICA level in 2005, but only contested the Italian Championship and the Open Masters. Eng finished in the top ten of both series, ranking ninth in the Open Masters and tenth in the Italian Championship.
Formula BMW
Eng made his car racing debut for ADAC Berlin-Brandenburg in the Formula BMW ADAC series in 2006. Eng finished tenth in the championship and runner-up behind Jens Klingmann in the Rookie Cup, with a podium coming at the third round at Lausitz. He also competed in a solitary round of the British series for Carlin Motorsport at Silverstone. He finished fourteenth in the second race, having retired from the first. Eng continued in the ADAC series in 2007, and would go on to finish third in the championship behind the Eifelland Racing cars of Klingmann and Daniel Campos-Hull who took twelve of the eighteen race wins between them. Eng did take one win at Barcelona but only after Klingmann was given a ten-second penalty for dangerous driving.
Eng did make up for this in some aspects by winning the end of season World Final from pole position. Having switched to Mücke Motorsport, Eng dominated the race before leading home Wittmann, Klingmann and Sebastián Saavedra. This earned him a test for the BMW Sauber Formula One team, which he undertook in . Eng completed his FBMW career by driving for Mücke in the inaugural season of the Formula BMW Europe championship. As he was a guest driver, he was ineligible to score points. His best finish came at Spa, when he finished fourth in a wet race.
Formula Three
Eng competed in four rounds of the 2008 German Formula Three season with HS Technik at the season-opening round at Hockenheim, and also with Ombra Racing at the season-closing round at Oschersleben. Eng finished eleventh in the championship, including a third-place finish at Oschersleben, and a pole and fastest lap coming at Hockenheim.
FIA Formula Two
2009 saw Eng move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number 33. He finished eighth in the championship, including a win from pole position at Brands Hatch, taking the first win by an Austrian driver since Jo Gartner did so at Pau in .
Eng had a test in GP2 Series for Ocean Racing Technology, but remained in Formula Two for 2010. On the second race of the opening round at Silverstone Circuit, he started from pole and took his second win. He scored a further two wins, improving his championship position to sixth.
ADAC GT Masters
Eng switched to sports car racing for 2011, competing in the German-based ADAC GT Masters series.
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters
Eng switched to touring car racing for 2018, competing in the German-based Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters series with BMW Team RBM.
Racing record
Career summary
† As Eng was a guest driver, he was ineligible to score points.
* Season still in progress.
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Porsche Supercup results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
‡ Eng was a guest driver, therefore he was ineligible for points.
Complete Blancpain GT Series Sprint Cup results
Complete 24 Hours of Le Mans results
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Salzburg
Austrian racing drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
German Formula Three Championship drivers
Formula BMW ADAC drivers
Formula BMW UK drivers
FIA Institute Young Driver Excellence Academy drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
Porsche Supercup drivers
ADAC GT Masters drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
BMW M drivers
Mücke Motorsport drivers
Carlin racing drivers
Ombra Racing drivers
Rowe Racing drivers
Schnitzer Motorsport drivers
Racing Bart Mampaey drivers
Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing drivers
Porsche Motorsports drivers
Abbie Reynolds is a New Zealand climate change and sustainability advocate.
Early life and education
While at secondary school, Reynolds started a paper recycling scheme when the effects of climate change were not well-known. She has a law degree from the University of Auckland.
Career
Reynolds was previously head of sustainability at Vodafone and headed the Vodafone Foundation. Prior to this she was Head of Corporate Responsibility at Telecom (now Spark).
Reynolds was a executive director of the Sustainable Business Council from 2016 to 2019. The membership of the Sustainable Business Council doubled within this time to represent 30% of New Zealand businesses with Business NZ Chief Executive Kirk Hope praising her contribution.
In 2018, she co-founded the New Zealand Leaders' Climate Coalition with Mike Bennetts, chief executive of Z Energy. New Zealand Climate Change Minister James Shaw praised her and Bennetts's work launching the Coalition and reaching a membership of 100 organisations. She attended the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) meeting in Geneva in 2018.
Her other roles have included being part of the New Zealand Government's Electric Vehicle Leadership Group and a member of the Prime Minister's Chief Science Advisor's Rethinking Plastics Panel. Reynolds has been a board member of VOYCE Whakarongo Mai since January 2017. In a 2017 article in the New Zealand online magazine The Spinoff, Reynolds wrote: Climate change can be an opportunity for New Zealand. Not only can we do our bit to reduce global emissions, we can be an innovation leader and better everyone's lives. Reynolds presented to the United Nations in July 2019 as part of a panel demonstrating New Zealand's progress on the Sustainable Development Goals.
She was interviewed on the Entrepreneurial Women with Purpose podcast in 2020.
Reynolds was appointed as Chief Executive Officer for Predator Free 2050 in September 2020.
Recognition
Reynolds won the Board and Management Award in the 2019 New Zealand Women of Influence Awards. Her outward focus and willingness to help organisations achieve their sustainability goals won praise from the judges. In 2020, she sat on the judging panel together with Dame Silvia Cartwright, Sir John Kirwan, Vanisa Dhiru, Sinead Boucher and Gina Dellabarca.
Personal life
Reynolds lives in Auckland and is married to Daren Grover, the general manager of Project Jonah. After meeting in the United Kingdom in 2003, she and Grover travelled through 26 countries on their journey to New Zealand and blogged about their travels.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Auckland alumni
New Zealand women environmentalists
Vodafone people
New Zealand Women of Influence Award recipients
Brian Thomas Sully (3 February 1936 – 6 March 2019) was an Australian judge and legal scholar. He served as a justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales from 1989 to 2007.
Sully was an adjunct professor of law at the Western Sydney University. He lectured in advocacy although he lectured in Criminal Procedure and Evidence in 2007. Sully donated his collection of legal books and judicial robes to the university, which are on display in the Faculty of Law in Campbelltown.
Sully died on 6 March 2019. He was made a life member of the New South Wales Bar Association shortly before his death.
Education
Sully studied law at the University of Sydney graduating in 1959.
Career
Sully was admitted to practice as a solicitor in 1959. In 1962, Sully was called to the NSW Bar. Following 17 years of running a busy, broad professional practice, Sully was appointed as Her Majesty's Counsel in 1979.
Sully served as a Justice of the Supreme Court of NSW from 1989 to 2007. From 1997 to 2000, Sully was Chairman of the Legal Qualifications Committee.
Following Sully's compulsory retirement from the bench of the Supreme Court, he became an Adjunct Professor of Law at the University of Western Sydney. Sully formerly lectured in advocacy during Autumn at the Law School. Sully also coached students in mooting for the internal Witness Examination Competition during the Autumn Semester.
Sully, among two other guests from either the Bench or the Bar, previously Judged the Internal Championship Moot held at the Supreme Court of NSW every year.
Donation to the University of Western Sydney
The Honourable Brian Sully AM QC has kindly donated his Judicial Robes and personal Library to the University of Western Sydney.
The Robes are on display in a sealed cabinet in Building 22 of the University of Western Sydney, Campbelltown Campus.
Sully donated three sets of robes to the Law School. One set of robes is worn by a Justice of the Supreme Court when sitting in a civil case at the hearing, of which it is also customary for Counsel to robe. The second set on display is the customary court dress of a Justice of the Supreme Court when is sitting in a criminal case, or at the hearing of either an application or an appeal in the Court of Criminal Appeal. The third set is the ceremonial dress of a Judge of the Supreme Court and is only worn on very formal occasions, such as the swearing in of a new Judge.
The display also includes day-dress wigs, ‘full-bottomed' wigs, Barrister's wigs and wig-tins, a bar jacket and black silk robe, cuff links, white kid gloves, two loose scarlet items known as ‘casting hoods', and two white detachable shirt cuffs known as ‘weepers'.
In addition to the collection of robes and wigs, Sully also donated his personal professional library to the Law School. It is also housed in dedicated shelving in two rooms in Building 22. The collection, which has been named ‘The Sully Collection', has been designated as a Law Resource Library available, essentially, for the assistance of the academic staff at Campbelltown.
The above collections were made on two conditions. Sully states, “I made the donation with two attached conditions: one, that the books should be shelved and actually used; the other, that the collection be kept together".
Honours
On Australia Day in 2015, Sully was awarded a Member of the Order of Australia for his significant service to the judiciary, and to the law, particularly through legal education in New South Wales. On 14 February 2019 the Bar Council resolved by acclamation to confer Life Membership of the NSW Bar Association on Sully. A certificate of Life Membership was presented to him by the President, Tim Game SC, at a small private gathering of friends and family including members of the judiciary and former colleagues of 12th floor Wentworth Selborne on the evening of 20 February 2019.
References
1936 births
2019 deaths
Judges of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
Australian Queen's Counsel
Western Sydney University faculty
Sydney Law School alumni
Members of the Order of Australia
The Peruvian treehunter (Thripadectes scrutator) or buff-throated treehunter, is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.It is found in Bolivia and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Peruvian treehunter
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Peruvian treehunter
Taxa named by Władysław Taczanowski
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Karolina Wlodarczak (; born 27 June 1987) is an Australian former professional tennis player. Her highest WTA rankings are 380 in singles and 248 in doubles.
At the 2008 Australian Open, Wlodarczak was given a wildcard into the singles qualifying, where she lost in the first round to Julia Schruff. She was also handed a wildcard into the doubles event with Marija Mirkovic, but they lost in the first round.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 3 (0–3)
Doubles: 14 (5–9)
External links
1987 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Australian people of Polish descent
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Tennis players from Melbourne
Pyroclastic rocks (derived from the , meaning fire; and , meaning broken) are clastic rocks composed of rock fragments produced and ejected by explosive volcanic eruptions. The individual rock fragments are known as pyroclasts. Pyroclastic rocks are a type of volcaniclastic deposit, which are deposits made predominantly of volcanic particles. 'Phreatic' pyroclastic deposits are a variety of pyroclastic rock that forms from volcanic steam explosions and they are entirely made of accidental clasts. 'Phreatomagmatic' pyroclastic deposits are formed from explosive interaction of magma with groundwater.
Unconsolidated accumulations of pyroclasts are described as tephra. Tephra may become lithified to a pyroclastic rock by cementation or chemical reactions as the result of the passage of hot gases (fumarolic alteration) or groundwater (e.g. hydrothermal alteration and diagenesis) and burial, or, if it is emplaced at temperatures so hot that the soft glassy pyroclasts stick together at point contacts, and deform: this is known as welding.
One of the most spectacular types of pyroclastic deposit is an ignimbrite, which is the deposit of a ground-hugging pumiceous pyroclastic density current (a rapidly flowing hot suspension of pyroclasts in gas). Ignimbrites may be loose deposits or solid rock, and they can bury entire landscapes. An individual ignimbrite can exceed 1000 km3 in volume, can cover 20,000 km2 of land, and may exceed 1 km in thickness, for example where it is ponded within a volcanic caldera.
Classification
Pyroclasts include juvenile pyroclasts derived from chilled magma, mixed with accidental pyroclasts, which are fragments of country rock. Pyroclasts of different sizes are classified (from smallest to largest) as volcanic ash, lapilli, or volcanic blocks (or, if they exhibit evidence of having been hot and molten during emplacement, volcanic bombs). All are considered to be pyroclastic because they were formed (fragmented) by volcanic explosivity, for example during explosive decompression, shear, thermal decrepitation, or by attrition and abrasion in a volcanic conduit, volcanic jet, or pyroclastic density current.
Pyroclasts are transported in two main ways: in atmospheric eruption plumes, from which pyroclasts settle to form topography-draping pyroclastic fall layers, and by pyroclastic density currents (PDCs) (including pyroclastic flows and pyroclastic surges), from which pyroclasts are deposited as pyroclastic density current deposits, which tend to thicken and coarsen in valleys, and thin and fine over topographic highs.
During Plinian eruptions, pumice and ash are formed when foaming silicic magma is fragmented in the volcanic conduit, because of rapid shear driven by decompression and the growth of microscopic bubbles. The pyroclasts are then entrained with hot gases to form a supersonic jet that exits the volcano, admixes and heats cold atmospheric air to form a vigorously buoyant eruption column that rises several kilometers into the stratosphere and cause aviation hazards. Particles fall from atmospheric eruption plumes and accumulate as layers on the ground, which are described as fallout deposits.
Pyroclastic density currents arise when the mixture of hot pyroclasts and gases is denser than the atmosphere and so, instead of rising buoyantly, it spreads out across the landscape. They are one of the greatest hazards at a volcano, and may be either 'fully dilute' (dilute, turbulent ash clouds, right down to their lower levels) or 'granular fluid based' (the lower levels of which comprise a concentrated dispersion of interacting pyroclasts and partly trapped gas). The former type are sometimes called pyroclastic surges (even though they may be sustained rather than "surging") and lower parts of the latter are sometimes termed pyroclastic flows (these, also, can be sustained and quasi steady or surging). As they travel, pyroclastic density currents deposit particles on the ground, and they entrain cold atmospheric air, which is then heated and thermally expands. Where the density current becomes sufficiently dilute to loft, it rises into the atmosphere as a 'phoenix plume' (or 'co-PDC plume'). These phoenix plumes typically deposit thin ashfall layers that may contain little pellets of aggregated fine ash.
Hawaiian eruptions such as those at Kīlauea produce an upward-directed jet of hot droplets and clots of magma suspended in gas; this is called a lava fountain or 'fire-fountain'. If sufficiently hot and liquid when they land, the hot droplets and clots of magma may agglutinate to form 'spatter' ('agglutinate'), or fully coalesce to form a clastogenic lava flow.
See also
Silicon dioxide
References
Other reading
Blatt, Harvey and Robert J. Tracy (1996) Petrology: Igneous, Sedimentary, and Metamorphic, W.H.W. Freeman & Company; 2nd ed., pp. 26–29;
Branney, M.J., Brown, R.J. and Calder, E. (2020) Pyroclastic Rocks. In: Elias, S. and Alderton D. (eds) Encyclopedia of Geology. 2nd Edition. Elsevier.
Petrology
Volcanology
Volcanic rocks
Articles containing video clips
Collen Mmotla (born 4 June 1990) is a South African DJ and music producer.
Career
Chymamusique started his music career in 2000 as a gospel and jazz pianist. He later developed an interest in house music in 2005 and started producing it in 2006. He released his first online single in 2010.
He founded and manages "Chymamusique Records" and is signed to the record labels House Afrika & Soul Candi. He was a Mofunk Records member from 2010 to 2013.
In DJing, Chymamusique has played internationally, and shared stages with DJs and producers including Vinny Da Vinci, Ralf Gum, Brazo Wa Afrika, Glen Lewis, QB Smith, Charles Webster and Atjazz.
In music producing, He has worked with Kaylow, DJ Fresh, Anané Vega, Monique Bingham, Brazo wa Afrika, Brian Temba, George Lesley and Ree Morris.
Awards and nominations
South African Music Awards
Metro FM Music Awards
Discography
Studio Albums
House Afrika : House Dimensions (2012)
After The Storm (2017)
Musique (2021)
SINGLES & EPs
Quarantine EP - 2020
Bass & Synth - Single 2019
Last Night (feat. O So T) - Single 2019
Sax on Fleek - EP 2019
Its so Amazing (Remix) [feat. Happy] - Single 2019
Perfectly Lovers (feat. P Tempo) - Single 2018
Something About You (feat. Unqle Chriz) - Single 2018
Artist Series, Vol. 1 - EP 2018
Kubili - Single 2018
Follow (Chyma's Rendition) [feat. Kent Smoke & YVES] - Single 2017
Music Express Session 1 - EP 2016
Jazz vs. Soulful, Vol. 1 - EP 2014
Jazz According to House (Remixes Part 2) - Single 2013
World Is Good (Original Mix) [feat. Rona Ray] - Single 2012
Soul and Mind - Single 2012
Chymatology - Single 2012
Cant Get Enough - Single 2012
Jazz According to House - Single 2011
Lost in Words - Single 2011
References
External links
Chymamusique Website
Chymamusique Music Bio
Chymamusique on Traxsource
South African DJs
South African house musicians
South African record producers
People from Sekhukhune District Municipality
Living people
1990 births
Geospizopsis is a genus of seed-eating birds in the tanager family Thraupidae that are commonly known as sierra finches.
Taxonomy and species list
The two species now placed in Geospizopsis were formerly placed in the genus Phrygilus. A molecular phylogenetic study of the tanagers published in 2014 found that Phrygilus was polyphyletic. In the subsequent rearrangement to create monophyletic genera, the genus Geospizopsis was resurrected. It had originally been introduced in 1856 by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte with Passerculus geospizopsis Bonaparte, 1853 as the type species. This taxon is now treated as a subspecies of the plumbeous sierra finch and has the trinomial name Geospizopsis unicolor geospizopsis. The genus name combines Geospiza, a genus introduced by John Gould in 1837, with the Ancient Greek opsis meaning "appearance".
The two species in the genus are:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Stuart D. Bogie is an American multi-instrumentalist, composer, arranger, and music producer. Originally from Evanston, Illinois, Bogie became a staple in the Brooklyn music scene.
Early years
Bogie studied music at the Interlochen Arts Academy and the University of Michigan, focusing on clarinet and bass clarinet. While in high school, he co-founded the group Transmission with Zachary Mastoon (aka Caural) in 1991. Later, Bogie would re-form Transmission with Colin Stetson, Eric Perney and Andrew Kitchen while at The U of M. After graduating in 1997, Bogie moved to San Francisco to pursue musical endeavors.
Antibalas
In 2000, Bogie moved to New York City, where he met Jordan McLean and reunited with friend and mentor Michael Herbst of Antibalas, who recruited him to join the large jazz ensemble Fire of Space, led by McLean. Soon after, McLean and Herbst brought Bogie into Antibalas, where he functioned variously as conductor, tenor saxophonist, and composer, touring to over 15 countries and performing in major festivals around the world since. Bogie's song "Indictment" was released on Antibalas' Who Is This America, which garnered an 8.1 from Pitchfork Media. The favorable review notes the song "opens with a Superfly-echoing riff as spastic tenor sax man Stuart Bogie recites a litany of offenses committed by everyone from Donald Rumsfeld to "the game of baseball," in what sounds like some funky People's Court." The Village Voice called "Indictment," "...a fantastic Bush-era protest song, lithe and lethal."
Another Bogie composition for Antibalas, "Beaten Metal", was named as one of the top 100 songs of 2007 by Pitchfork Media, ahead of modern-day staples by MGMT and Broken Social Scene. Pitchfork writer Grayson Currin applauded the song, noting "quick splashes of colorful sound and some slowly building drama, "Beaten Metal" sounds brazen, rhythmic, and powerful—like Edgard Varese coming of age after hip-hop."
Bogie also composed "I.C.E." and the vocal parts (lyrics and melody) for "Sanctuary", which was released (along with "Beaten Metal" on the Antibalas album Security, produced by John McEntire. Bogie frequently conducted Antibalas between 2004 and 2012, when he formally left the group.
Fela!
Along with many members of Antibalas, Bogie appeared and performed in the Broadway musical Fela! about Fela Kuti directed by Bill T. Jones produced by Steve Hendel and Music Directed by Aaron Johnson. He performed as the featured soloist, improvising several solos throughout the show. The New York Times wrote "music that gets into your bloodstream, setting off vibrations you'll live with for days to come."
Work with Dave Sitek
Bogie has a long history of working with producer Dave Sitek. In 2006, Bogie contributed bass harmonica, tenor sax, contra-bass clarinet to the critically acclaimed TV on the Radio album Return to Cookie Mountain, which Pitchfork Media named the #2 best album of 2006.
In 2008, Bogie was recruited to contribute tenor and baritone saxophone and collaborate on horn arrangements for TV on the Radio's Dear Science. Following the release of the acclaimed record, Bogie toured extensively with TVOTR across Europe and North America making television appearances including The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Late Show with David Letterman, Saturday Night Live and The Colbert Report.
Aside from contributing horns to the last two TVOTR records, Bogie also played saxophone on the Yeah Yeah Yeahs It's Blitz!, produced by Dave Sitek, where his work can be heard on "Zero", "Dragon Queen", and "Hysteric". He has also worked with Sitek on tracks by Zack de la Rocha, Holly Miranda's The Magician's Private Library, Massive Attack, Wale, Foals, Get Hustle, Pink Noise Telepathe and Scarlett Johansson's album of Tom Waits covers, Anywhere I Lay My Head.
Superhuman Happiness
Superhuman Happiness was founded in 2008 by Bogie and includes a long roster of artists from New York. Eric Biondo, Andrea Diaz, Mathew Scheiner, Sam Levin, Luke O'Malley (guitar), Ryan Ferreira (guitar), Jared Samuel (keyboard), Eric Biondo (trumpet), Nikhil Yerawadekar (bass), Miles Arntzen (drums), Torbitt Schwartz, Jeremy Wilms, Ryan Sawyer, Gunnar Olsen, John Bolinger, Ian Chang, Grey McMurray, Tim Allen.
The group's first release was Fall Down Seven Times Stand Up Eight, which featured contributions from O'Malley, Biondo, Ferreira, Brian Chase on Drums, Jeremiah Lockwood on Guitar, Jordan McLean and Eli Asher on Trumpet, Gabe Roth, Chris Vatolaro, and longtime collaborator Zak Mastoon. The self-released record was mixed by Hernan Santiago, mastered by Steve Berson and features art and design by Tatiana McCabe, and production by Bogie and Mastoon. The single "Human Happiness" was released by Electric Cowbell on a split 7-inch with CSC Funk Band.
Through the musical Fela! Bogie's relationship with lead actor, Sahr Ngaujah, led to a collaboration between Ngaujah and Superhuman Happiness resulting in two recordings, "Gravity" and "String Theory" released on 7-inch by Electric Cowbell records.
The group's second release "The Physical EP" focused more towards lyrical songwriting and was primarily recorded at Dave Sitek's Brooklyn studio "Stay Gold" by Daniel Huron. The record was mixed by Huron and O'Malley, and produced by Bogie and O'Malley. It was released on Royal Potato Family in 2011. The songs "GMYL" and "Hounds" were released as a 7-inch on Electric Cowbell, the songs "Needles and Pins" and "Oh, Tatiana" were released on 7-inch through Royal Potato Family.
The group's third release Hands (2013) focused on collaborative song writing, and was collectively composed through the use of clapping patterns to generate material. The core musicians on Hands were Luke O'Malley, Ryan Ferreira, Eric Biondo, Nikhil Yerawadekar, Jared Samuel and Miles Arntzen. The album featured lead vocal performances by several different members of the group. The singles "See Me On My Way" and "Sentimental Pieces" were released on 7-inch. Both the LP and 7-inch were released by Royal Potato Family. The album and 7-inch feature art by Joao Machado. Colin Stetson, Abena Koomson, Afi McLendon, Kalmia Traver, Joci Adams, and Shaneeka Harrel also performed on the record.
The group has collaborated with video artist Tatiana McCabe on "GMYL," "Mr. Mystery," "Sentimental Pieces," "Hounds," "Needles and Pins," "Second Heart," as well as several live video collaborations.
Their latest release, Escape Velocity, was released in September 2015. AllMusic noted that the album was "Marking a new focus more than a new sound for the group, Escape Velocity's interplay of ruminative tone and unbridled infectiousness works like a charm, compelling not only moving feet but repeat plays".
The Bogie Band feat. Joe Russo
The Bogie Band feat. Joe Russo is a new collaboration between long time friends Joe Russo and Bogie. The group features nine musicians playing wind and percussion instruments. The dynamic arrangements are built on the flowing propulsion of Russo's drumming alternating through transcendental minimalism, raucous humor, and a revelatory joy that draws on each of the 9 musicians ability to creatively solo and contribute to the rhythmic mass of the ensemble. The group released one song, Headrush Pt. 1, and made their live debut in January 2020 at the Winter Jazz Fest in New York. Their first record,The Prophets in the City will be released on the label Royal Potato Family.
Producer
Aside from contributing to countless acts, Bogie has also produced records by Volney Litmus and Jeremiah Lockwood. In addition, he has also produced tracks for the films Lo and Behold and Invisible Girlfriend.
Awards
He has been the recipient of a Meet the Composer grant, and has written, produced and performed music for film, dance, television, and toys, for which he played alongside Elmo. Bogie also played on Angélique Kidjo's album Djin Djin, which received a Grammy for best contemporary world music album.
Notable collaborations
He has shared stage and/or studio with the Arcade Fire, Iron and Wine, Wu-Tang Clan, Medeski Martin & Wood, Public Enemy, Celebration, The Roots, Paul Simon, Harlem Shakes, Burning Spear, Zack de la Rocha, Massive Attack, Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ronson, Saul Williams, Passion Pit, Tony Allen, Sinéad O'Connor, Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, Joe Russo's Almost Dead, The El Michaels Affair, Baaba Maal, Bat for Lashes, DJ Logic, Brian Jackson, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Rana, Dub is a Weapon, Congo Ashanti Roy, Kologbo, Tunde WIlliams, Ticklah, Paul Cox, Renata, Colin Stetson, Foals, Matt Bauder, Matthew Lux, Toby Summerfield, Great Lakes Myth Society, minusbaby, Crush, Kill, Destroy, Fire of Space, The Eternal Buzz Brass Band, Geoff Mann, Recloose, Evan Hause, Reverend Vince Anderson, Chin Chin, The Sharp Things, The Fu Arkist-Ra, Dick Griffin (of Sun Ra's Arkestra), Vincent Chancey, Steve Swell, Joe McGinty, Tom Abs, Shoko Nagai, Jeremy Wilms, Larry MacDonald, Butch Morris, Bill Brovold and Larval, Caural, Victor Rice, Dragons of Zynth, Loser's Lounge, State Radio, Gomez, Brightblack Morning Light, Holly Miranda, Noba, Miles Anthony Benjamin Robinson, Centralia, Wild Yaks, Oren Blowedow, Michael Leonhart and The Get Hustle.
He has also arranged strings for Spencer Day, James Harries and Ben Jonas.
Discography
References
External links
Bogie's website
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Writers from Evanston, Illinois
Living people
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance alumni
Musicians from Evanston, Illinois
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Antibalas members
KNOX (1310 AM, "News Radio 1310 & 107.9 KNOX") is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format serving Grand Forks, North Dakota. The station is owned by Leighton Broadcasting. KNOX also rebroadcasts on translators K300BG 107.9 FM and K277DN 103.3 FM in Grand Forks.
The station broadcasts ABC News updates. The station broadcasts local high school hockey, football, and basketball games on occasion, and Minnesota Timberwolves basketball, Minnesota Wild hockey, and Minnesota Twins baseball games.
History
KNOX signed on in 1949 with a full service format blending music, news, talk, and radio dramas. It later became a Top 40 station, and changed to a main News/Talk format in the 1980s. The lineup of local on-air hosts has undergone several changes since then and has included names like Jim Bollman, Scott Hennen, and Jarrod Thomas.
News Talk 1310 KNOXs local news team consists of Doug Barrett and Pat Sweeney.
On January 11, 2012, KNOX began broadcasting on FM translator K300BG 107.9 FM in Grand Forks. 107.9 had been broadcasting KGFK AM 1590, which moved to 95.7 FM as it has a stronger signal in Grand Forks. In May 2021, second FM translator K277DN 103.3 FM in Grand Forks signed on for better rural coverage from the KZLT/KZGF transmitter tower, including coverage of Crookston, while K300BG 107.9 FM continues to cover the immediate Grand Forks–East Grand Forks area. K277DN 103.3 FM also has stronger coverage than K300BG 107.9 FM in some parts of Grand Forks–East Grand Forks due to less adjacent channel interference from full-power KJKJ/107.5 "KJ108" and co-channel interference from Fargo's KPFX "107.9 The Fox".
The current local lineup which has been fairly consistent since March 2014 from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm includes "Denny and Gina in the Morning" from 6a – 9a, "The Jarrod Thomas Show" from 9a – Noon, "The Ryan Cunningham Show" from Noon – 3p, and "The Schmidt Show" from 3p – 6p.
Awards
The station was a finalist for the 2008 Crystal Radio Award for Excellence in Community Service awarded by the National Association of Broadcasters.
Translators
KNOX broadcasts on the following FM translators:
References
External links
Leighton Broadcasting
FCC History Cards for KNOX
NOX
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1949
1949 establishments in North Dakota
Ramilya Munavarovna Burangulova (, born July 11, 1961) is a Russian marathon runner. She was born in Kandry-Kutuy, Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
Personal bests
5000 metres - 16:00.66 min (1995)
Half marathon - 1:10:14 hrs
Marathon - 2:28:03 hrs (1993)
External links
1961 births
Living people
Russian female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Unified Team
Olympic athletes of Russia
Russian female marathon runners
Soviet female marathon runners
Altenberg (Erzgebirge) () is a railway station in the town of Altenberg, Saxony, Germany. The station lies on the Müglitz Valley Railway and the train services are operated by Städtebahn Sachsen.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
2x per day regional service (Wanderexpress Bohemica, summer weekends only) Dresden - Heidenau - Glashütte - Altenberg
1x per hour regional service (Müglitztalbahn) Heidenau - Glashütte - Altenberg
References
Deutsche Bahn website
External links
Network map
Railway stations in Saxony
Altenberg, Saxony
The J. Anthony Lukas Work-in-Progress Award, established in 1999, is a literary award "given annually to aid in the completion of a significant work of nonfiction on a topic of American political or social concern." The prize is given by the Nieman Foundation and by the Columbia University School of Journalism and is intended to "assist in closing the gap between the time and money an author has and the time and money that finishing a book requires.
Every year, one or two award winners receive an award of at least $25,000, and a finalist may receive a $5,000 award. Shortlisted books, introduced in 2016, receive no monetary award.
Recipients
Titles listed below are the named titles in the J. Anthony Lukas Work-in-Progress Awards documents. Because the books are listed as in-progress, the book titles may have changed after publication. When applicable, the published book has been linked.
See also
J. Anthony Lukas Book Prize
Mark Lynton History Prize
References
English-language literary awards
Awards established in 1999
20th-century literary awards
21st-century literary awards
Sir Keith Arthur Murdoch (12 August 1885 – 4 October 1952) was an Australian journalist, businessman and the father of Rupert Murdoch, the current Executive chairman for News Corporation and the chairman of Fox Corporation.
Early life
Murdoch was born in Melbourne in 1885, the son of Annie (née Brown) and the Rev. Patrick John Murdoch, who had married in 1882 and migrated from Cruden, Scotland, to Victoria, Australia, with Patrick's family in 1884. His paternal grandfather was a minister with the Free Church of Scotland, and his maternal grandfather was a Presbyterian minister.
The family moved from West Melbourne to the affluent suburb of Camberwell in 1887. Keith was educated at his uncle Walter's short-lived school, then at Camberwell Grammar School, where he became dux in 1903, despite extreme shyness and stammering. He decided not to go straight to university but to try a career in journalism, so family friend David Syme of The Age agreed to employ him as district correspondent for nearby Malvern. Over the next four years, he managed to create a significant increase in The Age's local circulation, to earn promotion, and to save enough money for a ticket to England, where he hoped to gain further experience and find ways to manage his stammer.
Education and career
From 1908 to 1909, in London, he took speech therapy with Lionel Logue, studied part-time at the London School of Economics, and tried to find employment as a journalist, with the help of recommendations from more family friends, including Australia's Prime Minister Alfred Deakin. His stammer became manageable, but shortly after it cost him a job with the Pall Mall Gazette. In September 1909 Murdoch returned home to resume work for The Age, now as parliamentary reporter, in which capacity he strengthened the family's relationships with politicians such as Andrew Fisher, in some cases entertaining them at his aunt's country guest house.
First World War
In 1912, he became Melbourne political correspondent for the Sydney Sun. Losing out to the more experienced Charles Bean for the position of official Australian correspondent covering World War I, he was appointed managing editor of the London cable service run by the Sun and the Melbourne Herald in 1915. Murdoch travelled to New Zealand in January 1915 with Prime Minister Andrew Fisher, and two other MPs, the Hon. J. Boyd and the Hon. D. Hall, covering war talks between Fisher and the New Zealand Prime Minister, William Massey, just before the engagement of Australian and New Zealand troops in the Gallipoli campaign. They travelled from Wellington aboard the Ulimaroa, arriving in Sydney on 2 February 1915. Andrew Fisher and Defence Minister George Pearce then asked him to take time on his journey to London, to check on some matters of concern relating to supplies and mail for Australian troops in the conflict, so he stopped off in Egypt. While there in August, he was able to secure the permission of Sir Ian Hamilton, commander of the Dardanelles campaign in Turkey, to visit Australian troops in Gallipoli and write his impressions for the newspapers, subject to the usual military censorship. The agreement he signed specified that he was "not to attempt to correspond by any other route or by any other means than that officially sanctioned" and during the war he must not "impart to anyone military information of a confidential nature.... unless first submitted to the Chief Field Censor."
Murdoch visited Anzac Cove at the beginning of September, then moved to the headquarters on the island of Imbros. Discussing the situation with other journalists, he was befriended by the Daily Telegraph correspondent Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett, who was deeply concerned that censorship was being used to suppress criticism of the Dardanelles campaign, which, as Murdoch had seen for himself, had serious problems. Murdoch agreed to carry a letter from Ashmead-Bartlett to the British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith in London, written on 8 September, presenting his uncensored report of the situation. Hamilton quickly learned about the existence of this letter (another British reporter, Henry Nevinson, has been blamed for this but his biography points to an official Royal Navy war photographer). Reaching France on his route to London, Murdoch was arrested by Military Police in Marseille and the letter was confiscated. Arriving in London on 21 September, he spent some time at the Australian High Commission composing his own letter to his Prime Minister, Andrew Fisher, in a similar vein to the Ashmead-Bartlett letter and particularly critical of the British general and administrative staff:
After sending the letter to Australia, he supplied two copies to the British Munitions Minister David Lloyd George, with his letter of introduction from Andrew Fisher. Very quickly, Murdoch's letter reached Asquith and was circulated to senior ministers of the British government. Ashmead-Bartlett, expelled from the Dardanelles, reached London about this time and soon, thanks to the influence of Lord Northcliffe, proprietor of The Times, The Daily Mirror and other national newspapers, his version of events began to be published. Murdoch, initially alarmed that Northcliffe's staff had obtained a copy of his private letter, soon became a friend of the newspaper tycoon. Although his letter, written from memory, contained many mistakes and exaggerations, the main points were supported by other evidence and Hamilton was relieved of command, the subsequent operation to evacuate the troops from Gallipoli in December being accomplished with perfect effectiveness.
In 1917, while visiting the Western Front as an unofficial war correspondent, Murdoch attempted to conduct negotiations with Field Marshal Douglas Haig in support of the Australian government's policy of the Australian Imperial Force (A.I.F.) divisions to be brought together into a united Australian Corps. Although Murdoch pushed for the appointment of Major General Brudenell White as the new corps commander while denigrating Major General John Monash (who was of Jewish German ancestry), the latter was given command when the Australian Corps was formed in 1918. Along with official war correspondent Charles Bean, Murdoch continued to lobby for Monash's demotion by appealing directly to Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes and misleading him into the belief that the A.I.F.'s senior officers were strongly opposed to Monash. When Hughes visited the front just before the Battle of Hamel intending to replace Monash, he first consulted the same senior officers and discovered that their support for their commander was strongly positive and that Monash's powers of planning and execution were excellent. The subsequent outcome of the Hamel assault closed the question of Monash's suitability but later in the same year Murdoch attempted again to convince Hughes that Monash should not control the repatriation of Australian troops.
Melbourne Herald
Murdoch remained in London, expanding the cable service, writing influential journalism—and helping his friend Billy Hughes on visits to England—until he was offered the post of chief editor at the Melbourne Herald, which he took in January 1921. Arranging for the paper's general manager to be demoted, he began applying Lord Northcliffe's principles, with frequent advice from Northcliffe himself. As he had in London, he focused on political controversy, but he also made the Herald influential in other ways, through such devices as improved arts coverage, and celebrity contributions. When Hugh Denison, proprietor of the Sydney Sun, tried to break into the Melbourne market with the Sun News-Pictorial in 1922, Murdoch fought a long campaign which eventually resulted in the Herald, its own circulation up by 50%, taking over the new tabloid in 1925. He acquired the nickname "Lord Southcliffe" and in 1928 became managing director of the company, by which time the Sun was on its way to becoming Australia's highest-selling newspaper.
In 1927 he saw a photograph of an attractive 18-year-old débutante, Elisabeth Joy Greene, in Table Talk magazine, and arranged for a friend to introduce him. She became Mrs Elisabeth Murdoch in June 1928, honeymooning on his Cruden Farm estate at Langwarrin. They had children Helen (later Mrs Geoff Handbury), Rupert Murdoch, Anne (later Mrs Milan Kantor) and Janet (now Mrs John Calvert-Jones). In the early years of World War I he had been engaged for a time to Isabel Law, daughter of the British Chancellor of the Exchequer and future Prime Minister Bonar Law.
From 1926 onward, he had led a campaign to take over newspapers elsewhere in Australia, with varying success. In Adelaide, for example, the Herald publisher took over the feeble The Register in 1928, and turned it into a Sun-style picture tabloid. Within months, the previously dominant Adelaide Advertiser accepted a takeover bid, and The Register was quietly closed down in 1931, after the Herald acquired the evening Adelaide News, securing a local monopoly. Murdoch had also been investing in newspapers on his own account, notably in Brisbane, where he bought shares in the Daily Mail and which was subsequently merged with the rival Courier. He kept pace with new technology, and by 1935 the Herald was involved with eleven radio stations (while Murdoch campaigned to prevent the official Australian Broadcasting Commission from establishing its own news service). He also led both the merger of rival cable services to form Australian Associated Press Ltd in 1935, and a project to build a paper-mill in Tasmania.
1930s and after
In the Depression of the early 1930s, Murdoch's papers campaigned against the Labor Party government of James Scullin, and gave full support to the breakaway ex-Labor politician Joseph Lyons in his successful 1931 campaign to become Prime Minister. He received a knighthood in July 1933, and being an art connoisseur with an appreciation of modern work, became a trustee of Victoria's museums and galleries. He later had some regrets about his support for the strong-willed Lyons, stating in 1936, "I put him there and I'll put him out". Meanwhile, others were expressing deep concern about the dangers of concentrating so much press power in the hands of one person. This came to a head after Australia became involved in the Second World War. In June 1940 Murdoch was appointed to a newly created Australian Government post, Director-General of Information, and on 18 July he obtained authorisation to compel all news media to publish Government statements as and when necessary. Comparisons were made with Goebbels, press co-operation was swiftly withdrawn, politicians protested, and despite agreements to modify the regulation, in November he was obliged to resign the post.
Returning to the newspapers (from which he had agreed to distance himself while serving the Government) he spent the rest of the war encouraging a patriotic spirit, and attacking the Labor Prime Minister, John Curtin (who led a minority government in 1941, and was re-elected with a dramatic majority in 1943). In 1942 he became chairman of the Herald group, and in 1944, maintaining his connection with the art world, he established the Herald Chair of Fine Arts at the University of Melbourne. The following year he became chairman of the trustees of the National Gallery of Victoria. Becoming increasingly ill with cancer, he retired from most of his work except the Herald in 1949, and made a deal with the Herald board to buy control of the Adelaide newspapers, in return for first option in any future sale of his Brisbane newspaper shares.
Murdoch died at the family property, Cruden Farm, Langwarrin, Victoria, in the night of 4–5 October 1952 and the funeral service was held at Toorak Presbyterian Church. Much of his estate, valued at £410,004, was disposed of to pay off mortgages, death duties etc. (the Herald exercised its option to buy the Brisbane newspaper shares), but his family was still left with full control of News Limited, proprietors of the Adelaide News.
In popular culture
In the 1985 mini series ANZACS, Murdoch was portrayed by Australian actor David Bradshaw.
In 2015 mini series Gallipoli, Murdoch was portrayed by Australian actor Damon Gameau.
In the 2015 television docudrama Australia: The Story of Us, he was portrayed by Australian actor Matt Boesenberg.
In the 2015 television mini series Deadline Gallipoli, made for the Foxtel network, he was portrayed by Australian actor Ewen Leslie.
In the 2015 television docudrama Gallipoli: When Murdoch Went to War, Murdoch was portrayed by actor Simon Harrison.
See also
The Herald and Weekly Times Ltd
The Herald (Melbourne)
The Sun News-Pictorial
Principal sources
General
Australian Dictionary of Biography Murdoch, Sir Keith Arthur (1885–1952) published by Australian National University,
Tom D C Roberts Before Rupert: Keith Murdoch and the Birth of a Dynasty University of Queensland Press, 2015,
Early life and First World War
Patriots Three ABC Australia documentary script
Additional references
External links
Family tree
National Library of Australia
Keith Murdoch Collection on Research Data Australia
1885 births
1952 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian mass media company founders
Australian newspaper chain founders
Australian people of Scottish descent
Journalists from Melbourne
Keith
People educated at Camberwell Grammar School
Australian war correspondents
Australian Presbyterians
Australian newspaper editors
News agency founders
The Herald (Melbourne) people
Anna de Grenaud (1861–1955) was a Bulgarian aristocrat, memoirist and royal court official. She was the principal lady-in-waiting to first Princess Clémentine of Orléans, secondly Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma, and finally to Eleonore Reuss of Köstritz.
Life
She was the daughter of the French count Alexandre de Grenaud, who served as the court chamberlain of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria. She spent her childhood in a castle in Savoy.
She was employed as a maid of honour to the French Princess Clémentine of Orléans, and accompanied her to Bulgaria, when the son of Princess Clémentine became King Ferdinand I of Bulgaria in 1887. Her father was given the office as chamberlain of the monarch. In this period of time, Bulgaria had recently become free from the Ottoman Empire. The country had no indigenous nobility, and the Royal Household and court life was something new, in which the foreign aristocrats who accompanied the new foreign royals from Western Europe mixed with the rich Bulgarian merchant and bureaucrat elite class.
In 1889, she married the Bulgarian diplomat Dimitar Stanchov. The marriage was a love marriage, and the engagement was announced by the monarch himself at a royal court ball. Since it was a marriage between a Catholic and an Orthodox, it took place twice.
They had five children: Alexander (1890–1891), Nadezhda (1894–1957), Feodora (1895–1969), Ivan (1897–1972) and Helene (1901–1966). One of the couple's daughters, Nadezhda Stanchova Muir, became Bulgaria's first woman on diplomatic service during the 1910s and 1920s with her brother Ivan also a leading diplomat.
After the wedding of the monarch in 1892, Anna de Grenaud was appointed principal lady-in-waiting to the consort of the monarch, Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma. In parallel, her spouse served as secretary to the monarch. The couple had living quarters in the Royal Palace of Sofia. As lady-in-waiting, she accompanied Marie Louise on her foreign trips.
After 1895, she accompanied her spouse on his diplomatic career to Romania, Austria and Russia. She is credited with having been of great help to him and a certain beneficial influence. They returned during her spouse's brief tenure as cabinet minister in 1906–07 and Prime minister in 1907. She was appointed principal lady-in-waiting to the Tsaritsa, Eleonore Reuss of Köstritz.
She was the author of the memoir ("Palace and Diplomatic Memories, 1887 - 1915").
References
1861 births
1955 deaths
Ladies-in-waiting
19th-century Bulgarian women
Bulgarian memoirists
Nungbi Khullen, locally called Loree, is a village north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district of Manipur state, India. It is part of the Chingai subdivision. National Highway 150, connecting Imphal-Kohima via Ukhrul and Jessami, passes through it. About 35 kilometers from Ukhrul, it is flanked by Loree Kaju to the west, Lunghar to the south, Khamasom to the east and Kalhang to the north. Its inhabitants speak the Loree dialect of the Tibeto-Burman language family.
Total population
According to 2011 census, Nungbi Khullen has 352 households with the total of 1602 people of which 809 are male and 793 are female. Of the total population, 248 were in the age group of 0–6 years. The average sex ratio of the village is 980 female to 1000 male which is lower than the state average 985. The literacy rate of the village stands at 65.36% which is lower than the state average 76.94%. Male literacy rate stands at 72.43% while female literacy rate was 58.18%.
People and occupation
The village is home to people of Tangkhul Naga tribe. Majority of the inhabitants are Christians. Agriculture is the primary occupation for the majority of the inhabitants. Nungbi Khullen is famous in the district for the age old earthen pottery making. One uniqueness of Nungbi pottery is the absence of potter's wheel while crafting. The clay and stone used as the raw materials for making Nungbi pottery is believed to be found only at Nungbi Khullen. In olden days, before the advent of aluminium and steel utensils, people from all over the Tangkhul country were believed to have solely depended on Nungbi pottery for their daily use. Even today, Tangkhuls nurture a belief that meat cooked in earthen Longpi pots taste better. This conviction is substantiated by the fact that most households in Ukhrul district have earthen Nungbi pots among their other kitchenwares. Pottery is the primary occupation for many of the inhabitants and some artisans have the distinction of being awarded state and national recognitions and accolades.
References
Villages in Ukhrul district
David Bloom (1963–2003) was an American TV journalist and reporter.
David Bloom may also refer to:
David Bloom (Canadian) (born 1943), CEO of Shoppers Drug Mart
David E. Bloom (born 1955), American academic
David Bloom (musician) (born 1954), American guitarist, flautist and composer
David P. Bloom (born 1964), American criminal and fraudster
Sharad Kapoor (born 13 February 1976) is an Indian actor, who works in Hindi and Bengali movies and television. Having debuted in Mera Pyara Bharat in 1994, Kapoor has acted in many films throughout his career, including Jai Ho, Tamanna, Lakshya, and Josh. He also worked as an assistant director on the movie Lakshmanrekha.
Biography
Television career
Filmography
Awards and nominations
2001:Nominated: Filmfare Best Villain Award for Josh
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Indian male television actors
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Punjabi people
People from New Alipore
The 1990 Brent Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
In enzymology, a S-methyl-5-thioribose-1-phosphate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
S-methyl-5-thio-alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate S-methyl-5-thio-D-ribulose 1-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, S-methyl-5-thio-alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate, and one product, S-methyl-5-thio-D-ribulose 1-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is S-methyl-5-thio-alpha-D-ribose-1-phosphate aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include methylthioribose 1-phosphate isomerase, 1-PMTR isomerase, 5-methylthio-5-deoxy-D-ribose-1-phosphate ketol-isomerase, S-methyl-5-thio-5-deoxy-D-ribose-1-phosphate ketol-isomerase, S-methyl-5-thio-5-deoxy-D-ribose-1-phosphate, aldose-ketose-isomerase, 1-phospho-5'-S-methylthioribose isomerase, and S-methyl-5-thio-D-ribose-1-phosphate aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme participates in methionine metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
Emirates International School is a private school located in the Meadows area of Emirates Hills, Dubai, UAE. In proximity to Dubai Marina and Lakes, EIS-Meadows was established in on 10 September 2005.
For the 2013/2014 school years, enrollment was cited by the KHDA to be 1,606 students, boys and girls represented from across 80 nationalities, from the ages of 3-19. Total number of teachers: 152.
Emirates International School Meadows follows the International Baccalaureate (IB). curriculum, offering Primary Years Programme (PYP); IB Middle Years Programme; International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE); and the IB Diploma Programme in the post 16- phase.
Community activities include support for Dubai's bid for Expo 2020.
This school is located Umm Suqeim, along Sheikh Zayed Road. It opened in 1991.
Emirates International School – Jumeirah offers as an International Baccalaureate curriculum to students in Kindergarten, Grades 1 through 13, ages 4–18. Total number of students enrolled 2013/2014: 1989. Total number of full-time teachers: 197.
The school follows the National Curriculum of England, and the International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum at different stages. Children in the Kindergarten and students in Years 1 to 6 follow the IB Primary Years Programme (PYP); students in Years 7 to 11 followed the IB Middle Years Programme
(MYP); Years 12 and 13 students engage in the IB Diploma Programme.
Along with Emirates International School Meadows, Emirates International School Jumeirah is one of the two privately owned schools under the Al Habtoor Group banner.
Notable alumni
Dina Shihabi - Saudi actress
References
External links
Emirates International School
International schools in Dubai
Private schools in the United Arab Emirates
Schools in Dubai
International Baccalaureate schools in the United Arab Emirates
BCBG may refer to:
French phrase
()
Bon chic bon genre ()
Other
Bon Chic Bon Genre, an album by Campag Velocet
A women's clothing line created by Max Azria
is a 1999 Japanese horror film directed by Shinji Aoyama, starring Reiko Takashima.
Plot
Cast
Reiko Takashima as Miyako Murakami
Yutaka Matsushige as Detective Hiraoka
Seijun Suzuki as Kurume
Toshio Shiba as Dr. Fuji
Kojiro Hongo as Jion
Hitomi Miwa as Rika Shinohara
Masatoshi Matsuo as Yoshiki Shingo
Reception
Todd Brown of Twitch Film commented that Shinji Aoyama is creating a subtle parody of the Japanese horror film industry. Stina Chyn of Film Threat noted that EM Embalming is one of the few Japanese horror films that contains actual non-creepy segments. Andy McKeague of Monsters and Critics felt that the film is genuinely unsettling and morbidly fascinating at the same time.
Mike Bracken of IGN criticized the film, saying that EM Embalming's greatest failure is that it often tries to be too many things at once and the film itself is almost as schizophrenic as its antagonist. However, he felt that several sequences of the embalming process are gruesome and extended conversations between Miyako and the black market organ harvester are eerily intriguing.
Meanwhile, Mark Schilling of The Japan Times said: "While verging on a black comic turn, Toshio Shiba's performance as Dr. Fuji is the film's strongest; his dark night of the soul is not just another fashionably blank attitude, but the genuine article, forged in the satanic mills of anger, loathing and despair."
References
External links
Films directed by Shinji Aoyama
1990s psychological horror films
Japanese horror films
1999 horror films
1999 films
1990s Japanese films
Ernest Warburton (10 June 1937 in Irlam – 7 August 2001 in London) was a noted musicologist who specialized in the music of Johann Christian Bach. His efforts resulted in the publication from 1984 to 1999 of The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach in 48 volumes.
Warburton was also an executive with BBC Radio, serving as Head of Music Programmes (1977–1982) and Editor of Music for BBC Radio 3 (1982–1986) before transferring to the BBC World Service. During this period, he revived many obscure operas, such as Wagner's Die Feen and Rienzi and Puccini's Le Villi.
As general editor of The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach, Warburton not only edited a share of the music, but wrote out the scores printed in the edition in his own calligraphy.
After obtaining his BA at Oxford in 1959, Warburton was unable to stay there to complete his DPhil, due to lack of money. He therefore worked as the music teacher at Queen Mary's Grammar School for Boys, Basingstoke, Hants, from 1960 to 1964, completing his DPhil in his own time. This shortage of money explains why such a distinguished musicologist was briefly a teacher at a relatively obscure provincial school. Even then, his behaviour was exactly as later described in one of his obituaries: “Although feared by some for his acerbic tongue - unleashed only on those who fell below the high standards he set himself and required from others - he was a companionable and humorous man, long-suffering and often highly entertaining.” He was wont, for example, to severely admonish his school choir immediately before a concert, likening them to a “bunch of wet cod on a slab”. His greatest achievement at the school was the single-handed direction of the Bach St Matthew Passion at the town Parish Church. This production involved his own school choir, the choir of the Girls' High School, and some professional soloists. To be known later than “the white tornado” on account of his striking platinum blond hair (he had albinism), the boys' nickname for him at the school was simply “Omo” (after the contemporary washing powder which was “whiter than white”).
From 1964 to 1967 he was Director of Music at Bishop's Stortford College before moving to the BBC.
References
Sources
1937 births
2001 deaths
British musicologists
People from Irlam
20th-century musicologists
Hilary Hurlburt Smart (July 29, 1925 – January 8, 2000) was an American sailor and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he received a gold medal in the star class with the boat Hilarius, together with his father, Paul Smart. He often described his Olympic victory by speaking about "the unbelievable feeling of watching the torch come in at the Olympic Stadium. It made me feel proud and responsible to think that my dad and I were the only Americans in our specialty since each country was allowed just a single two-man boat."
Smart was a graduate of The Choate School and a 1947 graduate of Harvard College. While a student at Harvard he was a member of the Varsity Club, the Delphic Club, the Crimson Key Society (a founder), and the Hasty Pudding Club. After he competed at the Olympics, Smart continued sailing in star class for almost fifty years, qualifying twice for the world championships. He then became vice president of national sales at Libbey-Owens-Ford and became the president of Airwick Professional Products. He died at his home in Weston, Massachusetts, in 2000 of natural causes at the age of 74.
Early life
Hilary Hurlburt Smart was born July 29, 1925. His father was Paul Smart. Although Hilary was born in New York City, he was raised in Darien, Connecticut. In 1943, he joined the Aviation Cadet Training Program, where he was a specialist in navigation. Smart served there until 1945. Smart attended Choate School. He won an intercollegiate star class championship in 1946, while an undergraduate at Harvard University. While attending the university, Smart co-founded the Crimson Key Society, and graduated in 1947.
1948 Summer Olympics
Smart was a competitor at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He competed in the sailing event, with his partner being his father Paul. Seven races were competed at the event. In the first race, the Smarts finished in fourth place, managing a time of 1:58.52. The two finished the second race with a time of 1:52.12, moving them to first place; however, the third race saw them fall down to second place after Joaquim Fiúza and Júlio Gourinho finished slightly faster. In the fourth race, the Smarts claimed the first place; however, they finished third in the fifth race and were disqualified from the sixth. The seventh race saw the Smarts finish sixth. The Smarts won the most points based on their performance in each race. They received the gold medal.
In May 1992, Smart said the following to the Boston Globe about his victory:
Life post-Olympics
Smart continued sailing for almost 50 years after his Olympic victory, continuing to compete in the star class. He qualified twice for the World Championships – in 1981 and in 1985. He began living in Weston, Massachusetts, and taught Sunday school and acted in his church's drama group. Smart became vice president of national merchandising at Libbey-Owens Ford Sales Co. After that job, he became the president of Airwick Professional Products.
Smart married Nancy Childs, and had four children: Sally, Linda, Christine, and Hilary Samuel. By 1999, Smart had been relegated to a wheelchair and had to use an oxygen bottle. He died on January 8, 2000 in his Weston home of natural causes, and was survived by his children and nine great-grandchildren.
References
External links
1925 births
2000 deaths
American male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Star
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Harvard University alumni
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Choate Rosemary Hall alumni
Rudolf Sieverts (3 November 1903 – 28 April 1980) was a German Law professor and Criminologist.
Life
Rudolf Sieverts was born in Meißen, a short distance down river from Dresden. His father, Adolf Ferdinand Sieverts, was a Chemistry professor.
He studied Jurisprudence at Greifswald, Frankfurt am Main and Hamburg, acquiring his doctorate of law along the way. It was at Hamburg that he studied successfully for his habilitation (higher academic qualification) while working as a research assistant for
. The work was supervised by Ernst Delaquis. Sieverts received his habilitation in 1932, and two years later Ernst Delaquis was forced to resign from his academic posts at Hamburg. Delaquis was Jewish. Delaquis went on to pursue his career, successfully, in Switzerland. In Hamburg, Sieverts took over the professorship, holding between 1934 and his own retirement in 1971 the teaching chair for criminal law, criminology, youth law, forensic law and comparative law. Some of his more notable students over the years included and (whose doctorates he supervised), Horst Schüler-Springorum, Herbert Jäger and Hans Joachim Schneider (whose habilitations he supervised) and Anne-Eva Brauneck.
During the middle 1930s he also worked for the German Academic Exchange Service ("Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst" / DAAD), taking a leadership position with the DAAD London branch office in 1935/36. Visiting England, he took a particular interest in the education provision for youth offenders and in the borstal system, an area in which at that time the British system was seen as a standard setter. He had already concluded, while still a student, that most criminals had already embarked on their criminal careers while still children or teenagers.
Since taking power at the start of 1933 the Nazi government had rapidly transformed Germany into a one-party state. In 1937 Sieverts applied for Nazi Party membership: his application was accepted in March 1940. He served on the senate (governing council) of the Nazis' Tropical Medicines Academy ("Kolonialärztliche Akademie der NSDAP"). In October 1944 he also accepted a position involving the Hitler Youth. Sources are imprecise on the details and extent of Sieverts' involvement with the Nazi regime, but he was briefly interned after the war at the Neuengamme internment camp established in the British occupation zone to hold people suspected of involvement in Nazi crimes in the Hamburg area: he was released only in 1946.
Later on Sieverts was a member of the expert committee on youth justice which had a decisive influence over the 1953 reform of the Juvenile Courts Act. In October 1953 he was appointed senior chair of the Youth Court in Munich. He was temporarily president of the regional High Court in Hamburg, and in 1960 he chaired the Working Group on Criminal Law reform. He spoke out in 1964 against a general amnesty for political crimes of the Third Reich era. In 1967 he was appointed to chair the West German Justice Ministry's Federal Justice commission.
Between 1961 and 1963 Sieverts served as Rector at the University of Hamburg. Between 1964 and 1967 he was president of the West German University Rectors' Conference. In 1964 he was a co-founder in Hamburg of the first West German Amnesty International group.
References
20th-century jurists
German criminologists
University of Hamburg faculty
Nazi Party members
People from Meissen
1903 births
1980 deaths
Hitler Youth members
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
Vethalan Kavu Mahadeva Temple () is located at Krishnapuram near Kayamkulam in Alappuzha District, Kerala. It is one of the rarest temples in the world where Lord Siva is worshiped as Vethala. It is about 3 km East of famous Oachira Parabrahma temple.
Important festivals
Festival is celebrated on the last Friday of Malayalam month Makaram (in February).
Sivarathri
Vishu
See also
Temples of Kerala
Temple festivals of Kerala
References
Reg. No A. 282/2003
Hindu temples in Alappuzha district
Shiva temples in Kerala
Balanivav is a village in Jafrabad Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India. It is about ten miles north of Jafarabad.
History
During British period, it was under the jurisdiction of Junagadh State. It was under Babariawad before taken over by Junagadh.
References
Villages in Amreli district
The South African Railways Class 16E 4-6-2 of 1935 was a steam locomotive.
In 1935, the South African Railways placed six Class 16E steam locomotives with a Pacific type wheel arrangement in express passenger train service.
Manufacturer
Following the Great Depression in South Africa of 1930-1933, the South African Railways (SAR) set out to improve its Cape Town-Johannesburg express passenger service. To attain higher average speeds for its more important express trains, the Class 16E 4-6-2 Pacific type locomotive was designed by A.G. Watson, Chief Mechanical Engineer of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, specifically for use with the Union Express and the Union Limited trains. Six locomotives were built by Henschel and Son in Kassel, Germany and delivered in 1935, numbered in the range from 854 to 859.
Characteristics
With its diameter coupled wheels, the Class 16E was considered the most remarkable Cape gauge express passenger locomotive ever built. It had the largest fire grate on any Pacific outside North America. The coupled wheels were the largest ever used on any less than standard gauge locomotive and it had an all-up weight and tractive effort equal to or exceeding that of most Pacifics outside North America.
Watson experienced considerable difficulty to keep the axle loads within the permissible limits specified by the Chief Civil Engineer, with the result that the ashpan, cab, side running boards and several other parts were made of thinner material than usual. Even the original number plates were cast in aluminium. Still, the axle load of was the heaviest of any engine or vehicle on the SAR at the time.
Along with the Class 15E Mountain type of 1935, the locomotive introduced the Type JT tender with a coal capacity of , a water capacity of and an axle load of .
The main bar frames were machined from rolled steel slabs and each frame was in one piece from the front to the hind buffer beam. The wheels were fitted with hollow crank pins, while the leading bogie was fitted with an oil bath centre pivot. The connecting and coupling rods were fitted with floating bronze bushes and were made of special chrome-nickel alloy steel of fluted section. The centre driving set of coupled wheels were flangeless and had wider treads than the other two sets to prevent them from slipping off the rails in sharp curves.
To obtain increased tractive effort with the large coupled wheels, larger cylinders of bore by stroke were used. These, at a boiler pressure of , gave the locomotive a tractive effort of at 75% of boiler pressure. Each cylinder was cast integral with half of the smokebox saddle, which made the castings interchangeable.
Given the successful operation of rotary cam poppet valve gear on the Class 19C, it was also used on the Class 16E. The valves were driven by outside rotary propshafts from turning mechanisms mounted on the driving coupled wheels. The valves were double-seated and housed at each end of the cylinders, an arrangement that resulted in short and straight ports between the valves and the cylinder barrels. The admission valves were in diameter and the exhaust valves . Most of the detail parts of the rotary cam gear, particularly the main drive and reversing gear, were interchangeable with similar parts on the Class 19C. The poppet valve gear gave the engine extremely free-running characteristics.
The Class 16E was delivered with a Watson Standard no. 3A boiler, one of the range of standard boiler types designed by Watson as part of his standardisation policy. The boiler was designed for a maximum working pressure of and the boiler barrel plates and firebox outer shell were of nickel steel. The boiler and the firebox were entirely clothed with Alfol insulation.
At above rail level, the Class 16E boiler centre-line was the highest-pitched on the SAR at the time. Because of this and the limitations of the loading gauge, the boiler was domeless with an inspection manhole on top of the boiler barrel where the dome would have been. Steam was collected through numerous small feeder pipes fixed into two collector pipes which were arranged as high as possible above the water surface. The collector pipes then joined together to form a main steam pipe, in diameter, which led to the superheater header and multiple valve regulator located in the smokebox. The steam pipes from the header to each cylinder were in diameter. The boiler was fitted with two large Pop safety valves mounted ahead of the firebox, one on either side of the boiler and angled about 80 degrees apart.
The firebox had a power-operated Ajax fire-door and the grate was of the sectional pin-hole type, fitted with power-operated shaking gear. To assist in keeping within the axle load limits, the ashpan was constructed of relatively thin anti-corrosive steel plates of a special heat-resisting quality. The brick arch was supported by five diameter arch tubes. The firebox was fitted with SAR standard type flexible stays and to allow easier access to the stays, the engine was equipped with a Watson cab with its slanted front which, like the Watson Standard boiler, was to become the standard on later SAR steam locomotive classes. The cab was of special light steel and was welded throughout.
Service
The Class 16E Pacifics were placed in service at Kimberley and regularly worked trains like the Union Express and Union Limited southward to Beaufort West and northward to Johannesburg respectively. The Union train was to become the Blue Train after the Second World War. Although the locomotives were never stationed at Braamfontein Loco in Johannesburg, they were serviced there in the process of working between Kimberley and Johannesburg.
They proved to be very successful, efficient and economical in service when handling loads within their capacity. When the original wooden-bodied coaches of the Union trains were replaced with heavier steel-bodied air-conditioned coaches in 1939, however, the load increased to or more and the Class 16E was considered to be inadequate to the task and relocated to Bloemfontein in the Orange Free State.
From here, they hauled regular passenger trains, including the Orange Express, working north to Johannesburg and south to De Aar as well as across to Kimberley. When air-conditioned lounge cars were added to trains like the Orange Express and Trans-Karoo, they were again considered not powerful enough for the additional load and were eventually withdrawn from service in 1972.
Preservation
When Watson retired in 1936, no. 858 was officially named after him. It carried the name Allan G Watson above its number plates on the cab sides. By the time the Class 16E was withdrawn from service, this engine bore the name Betty below the headlight.
Two locomotives survive and were still relatively intact by 2015. No. 858 Betty was stored in the open at Beaconsfield in Kimberley while no. 857 Ann Smith • Bloemfontein Queen was in storage at Bloemfontein, parked undercover at the locomotive depot.
Commemoration
A 20c postage stamp depicting a Class 16E locomotive was one of a set of four commemorative postage stamps issued by the South African Post Office on 27 April 1983 to commemorate the steam locomotives of South Africa that were rapidly being withdrawn from service at the time. The artwork and stamp design was by the noted stamp designer and artist Hein Botha. The locomotive depicted was Class 16E no. 858. The outline of a traditional SAR locomotive number plate was used as a commemorative cancellation for De Aar on the date of issue.
Illustration
Class 16E locomotives were equipped with smoke deflectors in later years.
References
1950
1950
1950
4-6-2 locomotives
2′C1′ h2 locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1935
1935 in South Africa
Constitution of the Russian SFSR may refer to:
1918 Soviet Constitution
1925 Constitution of the Russian SFSR
1937 Constitution of the Russian SFSR
1978 Constitution of the Russian SFSR
Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Mosineia is a genus of euthycarcinoid arthropods that lived on tidal flats of Laurentia at what is now central Wisconsin from the Middle Cambrian to the Late Cambrian. It contains a single species, Mosineia macnaughtoni. Associated trace fossil evidence suggests that this genus spent some of its time subaerially, possibly to mate and to feed on the microbial mats that blanketed the beaches. The genus is named after Mosinee---the city in Marathon County, Wisconsin, near which the fossils were found. The collecting site is known as Blackberry Hill, which is a well known Konservat-Lagerstätte that produces abundant exceptionally preserved fossils.
History of discovery
The discovery of Mosineia was a milestone in geologic history. Since the mid-1800s, trackways named Protichnites (Greek for "first footprints") had been found on Cambrian tidal flat strata in North America. Whatever animal produced them was one of the first to emerge from the sea; however, the identity of that animal remained unknown. The new fossils, found in the late 1900s and early 2000s, including body fossils of the animal itself (Mosineia) and fossils linking that animal to the trackways, thus solved a mystery that had lasted over 150 years.
References
External links
Web page from This View of Life--A New Look at the First Footprints on Land
Article in MAPS Digest--The First Land-Walkers: Mystery Solved
Paleontology in Wisconsin
Fossil taxa described in 2010
Cambrian arthropods of North America
Cambrian genus extinctions
Ramdevra is a village situated about 12 km to the north of Pokhran in Jaisalmer district of Rajasthan in India. Ramdevra was established by Baba Ramdev Pir, who was son of ruler of Pokhran Ajmal Singh Tanwar. Gram Panchayat of Ramdevra is one of the most economically productive Gram panchayat in Rajasthan, as tourist and devotees inflow in village is huge. A fair is held in Ramdevra between August–September, which attracts devotees from other states like Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat, MP and from all over India. Some of the famous tourist attractions of village are Ramdev Pir temple, Ramsarovar lake (a lake believed to be carved by Ramdev Pir Himself), Parcha Bawdi stepwell, Jhoola-Paalna etc.
Origin of name
The village is named after Baba Ramdevji, a Tanwar Rajput and a saint who took Samādhi in 1384 CE, at the age of 33 years. Ramdevji Maharaj took samadhi (conscious exit from the mortal body) in 1459 AD. Maharaja Ganga Singh of Bikaner constructed a temple around the samadhi in 1931 AD.
Geography
Near the village, there is a tank known as Ramsagar Talab which is believed to have been constructed by Baba Ramdevji himself. A large step well, the Parcha Bavori is also situated nearby.
Fair
A large fair known as Ramdevera Fair is held here from Bhado Sudi 2 to Bhado Sudi 10 (Aug - Sept). It is attended by a large number of devotees who come in large groups from far and wide. Irrespective of their caste, creed or religious affiliations, these devotees throng the shrine dedicated to the saint. These groups organize night long singing of bhajans and kirtans to pay homage to Baba.The birthplace of Baba is situated nearly 150 km from Ramdevra between Ramderiya Undu and Kashmir of Barmer district.
Rulers
Rulers of Ramdevra ( Runija - Pokhran )
Anagpal Tomar II
Amji (Pokran - Jaisalmer)
Salivaahan (Torawati - Patan)
Tejpal (Dilli)
Rana Amji
Rana Akheraj
Rana Bheevraj
Rana Jograj
Rana Ransi
Rana Ajmalji
Rao Veeramdev (Veer devra)
Rao Ramdev (Baba Ramdevji of Ramdevra)
Rajsi
Biko
Lakha (Lakshmanji)
Rao Ramdevji
Rao Devraj
Sadoji
Giriraj ji
Mehraj ji
Bheev ji
Jaito ji
Rao Devraj
Rao Ratan
Rao Govind
Rao Devkarn
Rao Prithviraj
Rao Mal Singh
Rao Bhopal Singh
Rao Raghunathji
Rao Mal Singh
Rao Ajay Singh
Rao Kishore Singh
Rao Sawai Singh
Rao Chainn Singh
Rao Balidaan Singh
Rao Hemant Singh
Rao Gaj Singh
Rao Rinmal Singh
Rao Jaswant Singh
Rao Bhom Singhji
See also
Ramapir Temple Tando Allahyar
References
Ramdevra
Ramapir.org
Temples in Rajasthan
Villages in Jaisalmer district
Betsy Foxman (born 1955) is an American epidemiologist. She is the Hunein F. and Hilda Maassab Endowed Professor of Epidemiology and director of the Center for Molecular and Clinical Epidemiology of Infectious Diseases at the University of Michigan. She also served as Editor-in-Chief of the journal Interdisciplinary Perspectives on Infectious Diseases, is a member of the Infectious Disease Society of America and of the American College of Epidemiology.
Her research areas are the transmission, pathogenesis, ecology and evolution of infectious agents, and the transmission of antibiotic resistance among bacteria, particularly E. coli and Group B Streptococcus. Other interests are the role of oral microbiota in dental caries, viral infection and bacterial pneumonia, biofilm growth on medical devices and the dynamics of hospital pathogens. Foxman is a disciple of Darwinian medicine and believes that therapy can only be intelligently applied if the evolutionary history of pathogens is understood.
Early life and education
Foxman was born in 1955. She earned a Bachelor of Science in Conservation of Natural Resources from the University of California, Berkeley and completed her Master's degree and PhD in Epidemiology from the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health.
References
External links
American women epidemiologists
American epidemiologists
1955 births
Living people
University of Michigan faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
UCLA School of Public Health alumni
21st-century American women
Date of birth missing (living people)
Bucky Bug is a beetle who appears in Disney comics. He first appeared in the Silly Symphony Sunday comic strip, and later appeared as a regular feature in the comic book Walt Disney's Comics and Stories.
Silly Symphony
Bucky Bug first appeared in the initial Silly Symphony strip, beginning January 10, 1932; he was the first character to debut in Disney comics. He was initially drawn by Earl Duvall, who subsequently left Disney and joined Warner Brothers where he created Buddy (Looney Tunes).
Bucky only had one film appearance, in "Bugs in Love", released in October 1932.
Bucky Bug also appeared in Walt Disney's Comics and Stories. Starting in issue #20 (May 1942), the comic began reprinting some of Bucky's original 1930s Silly Symphony strips. The reprints continued until issue #28 (Jan 1943), and were then replaced by Little Hiawatha strips.
Stories
Bucky's Silly Symphony storylines were unnamed at the time; the action moved from one week to the next, with no explicit break between chapters. In reprints, however, a set of names has become the standard:
Bucky Makes His Name (January 10 to April 10, 1932)
The Quest for Fortune (April 17 to June 19)
Adventures in Junkville (June 26 to August 7)
Introducing Lucky Bucks (August 14)
Bugs in Love (August 21 to November 6)
War with the Flies (November 13, 1932 to April 16, 1933)
The Old Folks' New Home (April 23 to June 4, 1933)
In Mother Goose Land (June 11 to November 5)
Return to Junkville (November 12, 1933 to March 14, 1934)
The Bucky strips ended with Bucky and June saying goodbye to the readers:
We're leaving this page,
And saying good-bye --
But we will not
Ever forget ya!
We're settling down,
As all bugs should!
So long! We're glad
To have met ya!
On March 11, 1934, the Silly Symphony strip moved to its next storyline, based on the short Birds of a Feather.
Walt Disney's Comics and Stories
In 1943, the anthology comic book Walt Disney's Comics and Stories began publishing original full-length comic book stories, and the first new 10-page Bucky story appeared in issue #39 (December 1943) -- "A Cure for Gout," by Al Taliaferro. Bucky's stories appeared monthly for the next six years, ending with issue #120 (September 1950). The stories were drawn by a number of artists, including Carl Buettner, Vivie Risto, Ralph Heimdahl and Tony Strobl.
Bucky's supporting characters included June Bug (Bucky's girlfriend and later wife), Bo Bug (a hobo and Bucky's best friend), the Mayor (June's father), Grandpa Bootle Beetle (Bucky's adopted grandfather), and others. American Bucky stories almost always had the characters speaking in rhyme.
Bucky still makes frequent appearances in Dutch stories up to the present time.
Bucky is the first Disney character to make his first appearance in a comic strip outside the Mickey Mouse Universe.
He made a very brief cameo early in the 1988 Touchstone Pictures/Amblin Entertainment film Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
His first story is Bucky Makes His Name, published between January 10-April 10, 1932.
References
External links
Bucky Bug at Don Markstein's Toonopedia. Archived from the original on February 22, 2018.
Fictional insects
1932 comics debuts
Disney comics characters
Comics about animals
Humor comics
Adventure comics
Comics adapted into animated films
Comics characters introduced in 1932
Male characters in comics
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The gilt-edged tanager (Tangara cyanoventris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Tangara (genus)
Birds described in 1819
Endemic birds of Brazil
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marcel Just Théodore Marie Couraud (20 October 1912 in Limoges – 14 September 1986 in Loches) was a French orchestral and choral conductor and organist.
Biography
Couraud studied organ with André Marchal in Paris where he attended the Ecole Normale de Musique. He also took courses in composition with Nadia Boulanger and conducting with Charles Munch.
In 1944 he founded the Ensemble Vocal Marcel-Couraud, with whom he performed chansons and madrigals of the Renaissance period (including Orlando di Lasso and Claudio Monteverdi) as well as works by contemporary composers such as Trois Petites Liturgies de la présence divine by Olivier Messiaen. He led the ensemble and also served as the choral director of the Maîtrise de Radio France until 1954 and then conducted the Bach Choir and Bach Orchestra Stuttgart. He also commissioned Epithalame in 1953, a vocal chamber piece by André Jolivet.
From 1967, he was director of the choir of the broadcaster ORTF of Paris. From its members, he formed in the following year the Groupe Vocal de France, with whom he performed contemporary works such as Cinq Rechants by Messiaen, the Dodécaméron by Ivo Malec, Récitatif, air et variations of Gilbert Amy, Nuits by Iannis Xenakis and the Sonata à douze by Betsy Jolas.
Marcel Couraud
References
1912 births
1986 deaths
People from Limoges
French choral conductors
French male conductors (music)
20th-century French conductors (music)
20th-century French male musicians
Charlotte Avery is a British actress. She has a son with Australian actor Craig McLachlan, and two other children. She played Tina Stewart in EastEnders in 2005, and also played a minor character in 1996.
Avery appeared in a National Theatre 80th birthday tribute to Lord Olivier, Happy Birthday, Sir Larry on 31 May 1987, in the presence of Olivier.
Filmography
EastEnders – Marie (1996), Tina Stewart (2005)
Waking the Dead – Christine Murphy (2004)
Doctors – Bridget Walsh (2004)
Murder in Mind – Nadine Hadley (2003)
Warrior Angels – Eve (2002)
Dark Blue Perfume – Young Katherine (1997)
The New Adventures of Robin Hood – Gwynedd (1997)
The Bill – Helen Sims (1997)
Thin Ice – Natalie (1995)
Lady Chatterley – Julia Hammond (1993)
Rides – Sacha (1992)
Jeeves and Wooster – Mabel (1991)
The Famous Five – Marybelle Lenoir (1978)
Theatre
Mom in Starlight Express (Voice over).
Buffy the Buffet Car in Starlight Express.
References
External links
Living people
English soap opera actresses
English voice actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Until the Day I Die" is the debut single by American rock band Story of the Year. "Until the Day I Die" was released to radio on August 12, 2003. A music video was released along with the single in 2003. The song receives regular radio play, has been used in popular media extensively, and was used in a trailer for the film Friday Night Lights.
Charts
"Until the Day I Die" peaked at #12 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart. It also peaked at #35 on the Active rock chart.
References
2003 debut singles
Story of the Year songs
2003 songs
Maverick Records singles
Song recordings produced by John Feldmann
ImPossible is the third studio album from American recording artist and bass player Divinity Roxx. The album was nominated for two Independent Music Awards for Best Spoken Word Album with musical accompaniment and Best Artwork/Photography. The album is a departure from Roxx's previous work as it features more jazzy basslines, dub, and funk rather than the rock/hip-hop Roxx has come to be known for.
The album starts off with a voicemail message from Divinity's mother where she expresses that she really hopes "this year is definitely your year to make it in your business", after which she encourages Divinity to "always expect a miracle."
References
2016 albums
Divinity Roxx albums
is a railway station in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Chōfu Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1901
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Jacqueline is a 1956 British drama film shot in Belfast and directed by Roy Ward Baker. It is based on the novel The Grand Man (1954) by Catherine Cookson.
Plot
steelworker Mike McNeil's drinking spirals out of control when he loses his job due to vertigo at the Belfast shipyard. But his devoted young daughter Jacqueline vows to help him. She attempts to persuade a tough land-owner to give her troubled dad another chance.
Cast
Critical reception
Britmovie called the film "gushingly sentimental"; while Sky Movies called it "a likeable little drama with earnest performances and atmospheric background detail."
References
External links
1956 films
1956 drama films
Northern Irish films
British drama films
Films directed by Roy Ward Baker
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
British black-and-white films
Films set in Belfast
Films shot in Northern Ireland
Films with screenplays by Patrick Kirwan
Films based on British novels
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
John J. "Jack" Daley (June 21, 1923 – June 15, 2000) was an American high school teacher and politician from Vermont. A Democrat, he was most notable for his service as Mayor of Rutland (1961–1965, 1981–1987), and lieutenant governor (1965–1969). In his later years, Daley served two terms in the Vermont House of Representatives (1991–1995).
Biography
John James Daley was born in Rutland on June 21, 1923. He graduated from Mount St. Joseph Academy in 1942 and joined the United States Marine Corps for World War II, serving with the 1st Marine Division in the Pacific Theatre of Operations, including the invasion of Okinawa and assignment to China.
After the war Daley completed his education at Norwich University, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1949 and embarking on a career as a pharmaceutical sales representative. He later became a teacher and coach at Rutland Junior High School.
A Democrat, Daley served on the Rutland Board of Aldermen from 1956 to 1960, including two years as president of the board. From 1961 to 1965 Daley served as Rutland's mayor.
Daley served two terms (1965–1969) as the 70th lieutenant governor of Vermont. Elected during the governorship of Philip H. Hoff, they were the first Democrats to hold Vermont's top two state government posts since the founding of the Republican Party in the 1850s.
In 1968 Daley ran unsuccessfully for governor, losing to Deane C. Davis.
Daley was also a candidate for presidential elector during the 1972 presidential election (Vermont was carried by Republican incumbent President Richard Nixon).
From 1969 to 1981 he taught social studies and coached football at Rutland Junior High School, and he was also a football and basketball referee for amateur sports in the Rutland area for many years.
Daley served as Rutland's mayor for a second time from 1981 to 1987. In 1990 Daley was elected to the Vermont House of Representatives, serving two terms.
Personal life
Daley married Mary Creed in 1947. They had 11 children.
John J. Daley died in Rutland on June 15, 2000. He is buried in Rutland's Evergreen Cemetery.
See also
List of lieutenant governors of Vermont
List of mayors of Rutland, Vermont
References
External links
John J. Daley at The Political Graveyard
Obituary, John J. Daley in the Rutland Herald
2000 deaths
1923 births
Lieutenant Governors of Vermont
Vermont Democrats
People from Rutland (city), Vermont
Military personnel from Vermont
Norwich University alumni
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
United States Marines
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Burials at Evergreen Cemetery (Rutland, Vermont)
Mayors of places in Vermont
Vermont city council members
20th-century American politicians
HMS Mermaid was a Modified Black Swan-class sloop of the Royal Navy. Mermaid saw service as a convoy escort during the Second World War, taking part in the sinking of two German submarines while escorting Arctic convoys to and from the Soviet Union.
Mermaid was sold to Federal Republic of Germany in 1959, where she was renamed Scharnhorst and used as a training ship.
Construction
Mermaid, built by William Denny and Brothers, Dumbarton, Scotland, was laid down on 8 September 1942, launched on 11 November 1943, and completed 12 May 1944.
As with all the modified Black Swans, Mermaids main gun armament was six QF 4 inch Mk XVI anti-aircraft guns in three dual turrets. When completed, this was supplemented by a close-in anti-aircraft outfit of ten Oerlikon 20 mm cannon in three dual and two single mounts, although two twin 40 Bofors guns (in two twin mounts) replaced four of the 20 mm guns. Anti-submarine armament consisted of 110 depth charges and a Hedgehog anti-submarine spigot mortar.
Royal Navy service
Mermaids first operations were as part of the escort for the Arctic convoy JW 59 to Murmansk in August 1944, with it being credited with a part of sinking the U-boat on 24 August in conjunction with the destroyer , the sloop and the frigate . On the return journey from Murmansk, escorting Convoy RA 59A, Mermaid again took part in sinking a German submarine, this time on 2 September, in conjunction with a Swordfish aircraft operating from the aircraft carrier , the destroyers Keppel and and the sloop Peacock.
In 1945 Mermaid was assigned to the British Pacific Fleet. However arriving at Aden en route she learned of the Japanese surrender, and of her recall for service with the Mediterranean Fleet as part of the 33rd Escort Flotilla. She received the new pennant number 'F30' and was based in Malta, as part of the 3rd Frigate Flotilla. This Flotilla took part in patrols preventing illegal immigrants following the formation of Israel. She returned to Portsmouth in 1954 where was placed in reserve.
She remained in the Mediterranean up to 1954 when she returned to Britain to be placed in reserve status at Portsmouth. In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
West German Navy service
In 1957, West Germany purchased seven escorts, including Mermaid for its newly established Bundesmarine. After refit, Mermaid was handed over to the Bundesmarine on 28 May 1959, and was renamed Scharnhorst. Scharnhorst was used as a gunnery training vessel by the Germans, and was refitted with a more modern gun armament and sensors from June 1961 to July 1962, with two automatic French 100 mm naval guns replacing six manually loaded 4 inch guns, with a short range armament of four Bofors L/70 40 mm guns replacing two 40 mm guns. Scharnhorst was removed from the active list in 1980, and was used for damage control training until broken up in 1990.
References
Publications
External links
Mermaid at naval-history.net
Mermaid at U-boat.net
Mermaid - Life on Board by John Murray
Black Swan-class sloops
Ships built on the River Clyde
1943 ships
Scorned is an American psychological thriller directed by Mark Jones and written by Jones and Sadie Katz. It was released in November 2013 in South Korea, and on February 4, 2014 in the United States. The film stars AnnaLynne McCord, Billy Zane and Viva Bianca. The story is about a woman who discovers her boyfriend is having an affair with her best friend. She goes crazy and decides to take revenge on them.
Plot
Kevin (Billy Zane) and Sadie (AnnaLynne McCord) have been dating for six months, and Sadie tells her friend Jennifer (Viva Bianca) that she believes Kevin will propose to her on a weekend getaway, and invited her to be maid of honor. Jennifer cautions Sadie about marrying a man she has only known six months. At their weekend away, Sadie finds a sexual text from another woman on Kevin's phone
An argument ensues, and Sadie pepper-sprays Kevin and knocks him out with a fireplace log. Kevin awakens tied to a chair. At first confused and seemingly believing it to be some sexual fantasy, he remains calm. However, Sadie tells him that she knows about his affair with Jennifer. Sadie, pretending to be Kevin, says Sadie and Kevin have broken up and invites Jennifer to join him. Sadie takes Kevin to their bedroom, ties him to the bed and gags him, then places candles and rose petals as well as some spiked champagne for Jennifer. Jennifer arrives, follows the petals, drinks the champagne and quickly undresses.
As Jennifer reclines atop Kevin, believing his gag and other ties to be a sexual fantasy, Sadie knocks her out. Jennifer wakes up in a bathtub in which Sadie tells her that in olden days adulterers had their hair cut off, which Sadie proceeds to do to her. Jennifer and Kevin wake up with Jennifer now tied to the bed and Kevin tied to a chair. Bringing up both a microwave and Jennifer's dog, Bootsie, Sadie threatens to microwave the dog if Kevin doesn't perform oral sex on Jennifer. Sadie justifies this as being a cure for them and saying now they don't have to do it behind her back, Kevin eventually agrees. After feeding them and fending off a visiting neighbor, Sadie stops Kevin from getting his gun. In retaliation, Sadie electrocutes the pair and puts Jennifer's hand in a vice that breaks all her fingers. She also breaks Kevin's ankle with a sledge hammer.
Sadie tells Jennifer the story of her childhood dog. She loved the dog but the dog fell in love with her sister, so Sadie drowned her sister. She adds that she never blamed the dog. Upstairs, she tells Kevin that they need to get rid of his wandering eye and partially blinds him. Sadie takes Jennifer to a boat, planning to drown her, but Jennifer escapes and intercepts a car, only to find Sadie driving. Once caught and driving with Sadie, Jennifer falsely professes her love for Sadie, saying that the affair was to end their relationship so she could be with Sadie. Jennifer kisses Sadie and then rolls out of the car in an attempt to get away but hurts herself. Sadie gets out of the car and chokes Jennifer, seemingly, to death.
Driving away, Sadie is pulled over by the police who tell her that a criminal has broken out of jail and she should keep an eye out. Jennifer, however, is still alive and stumbles toward the police, only to be hit by an oncoming truck. Sadie drives away and, finding the criminal, lets him into the car. She proceeds to have sex with him and then kills him, thanking him for being her alibi. Driving back to the house, she finds Kevin has broken free and chases him. Kevin dodges the bullets she fires and manages to make it to the boat, but dies in the ensuing fight. Sadie sets up the scene as if the criminal raped her and killed her boyfriend and tells this to the police, using her mangled fingers, which she also put in the vice, as evidence. A few months later, Sadie has a new boyfriend, who is revealed to be cheating on her, too.
Cast
AnnaLynne McCord as Sadie
Billy Zane as Kevin
Viva Bianca as Jennifer
Doug Drucker as Scary Guy
Marian Weage as Mrs. Wilkes
Jim Midock as Heavier Cop
Juan-Pablo Veza as Other Cop
Scott Knisley as Detective
Martin Sprock as Detective Partner
Sadie Katz as The Waitress
Reception
William Harrison of DVD Talk rated it 1/5 stars and wrote, "Neither scary nor funny enough to entertain, this one is dead on arrival." Mac McEntire of DVD Verdict called it "light on thrills and even lighter on sex". Patrick Cooper of Bloody Disgusting rated it 1.5/5 stars and wrote, "It seems like Scorned is grasping to be an edgy revenge flick, but its delivery simply falls flat." Anthony Arrigo of Dread Central rated it 1/5 stars and wrote, "Writer & director Mark Jones' utterly banal tale of cheating and revenge is so by-the-numbers you'd swear it was written using a Mad Libs for Scripts book." Staci Layne Wilson, also of Dread Central, rated it 3/5 stars and called it "a well-paced, briskly-written and well-acted indie which keeps on topping itself in terms of twists and turns."
References
External links
2013 films
2013 horror films
2013 psychological thriller films
American psychological horror films
American psychological thriller films
Films set in Ohio
Films set in California
2010s English-language films
Films directed by Mark Jones
2010s American films
Herin Tanoro Milalao Fampianarana Mahajanga is a Malagasy football club based in Mahajanga, Madagascar.
In 1986 the team has won the Coupe de Madagascar.
Achievements
Coupe de Madagascar: 1
1986
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup of Champions Clubs: 1 appearance
1984 African Cup of Champions Clubs: First Round
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the Rabemananjara Stadium.
References
External links
Football clubs in Madagascar
Brøndby IF is a women's football club from Brøndby, Denmark. It is the female team of Brøndby IF.
The team is one of Denmark's best women's teams, having won six championships and 5 cups in the 2000s. The team also reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Women's Cup 2003–04, UEFA Women's Cup 2006-07 and UEFA Women's Cup 2014-15. They are currently coached by Per Nielsen after Peer Lisdorf stepped down.
Honours
Official
National championships (12): 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2017, 2019
National cups (11): 2004, 2005, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018
Invitational
Turbine Hallencup (1): 2013
UEFA Competitions Record
Current squad
As of 13 August 2022
Transfers
Joining
Leaving
Former players
For details of former players, see :Category:Brøndby IF (women) players.
References
External links
Brondby.com (official website)
Brondby IF (amateur foundation)
BrondbySupport.dk (official fanclub)
90min.dk (Daily news site)
UEFA profile
Women's football clubs in Denmark
Brøndby IF
1964 establishments in Denmark
This is a list of singles that reached number one on the Swiss Hitparade during the 1980s.
Number-one singles
See also
1980s in music
References
Number-one singles
Switzerland
1980s
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Jonathon Reuben (born 10 March 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who last played as a er for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL.
Background
Reuben was a Norths Devils junior.
Playing career
Reuben was previously contracted to the Canberra Raiders and Sydney Roosters, but never had the opportunity to play first grade with either of those sides. Reuben scored 107 tries in 106 appearances throughout his seven-year career in the Queensland Cup competition. Reuben joined the St. George Illawarra Dragons on a developmental contract in 2022.
2022
In round 14 of the 2022 NRL season, Reuben made his first grade debut for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in his side's 31−12 loss to the North Queensland Cowboys at Townsville Stadium as a late replacement for the injured Mat Feagai, he played a very reasonable game on debut with 14 runs for 201 metres - 2 tackles - 4 Tackle breaks an one linebreak . Making his debut at 29 years and 92 days of age Reuben is one of the game's oldest ever debutants.
Statistics
References
External links
Dragons profile
1993 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
North Devils players
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Townsville
Sunshine Coast Falcons players
Beau Busch (born 16 March 1984) is an Australian former footballer and, since July 2020, the co-Chief Executive of Professional Footballers Australia (PFA), alongside Kate Gill.
Club career
Busch trialled with the Newcastle Jets during the 2008 pre-season. On 25 October 2008, Busch made his debut for Sydney FC against Melbourne Victory as a short-term injury replacement. Busch's stellar performances for the North Queensland Fury gave him cult status amongst Fury fans, with the forming of the Busch supporter group the Beau Bro's. The Beau Bro's signature chant is to the tune of the Kasabian track Vlad the Impailer with 'Beau Busch' replacing the lyrics 'get loose'. On 25 June 2011, Busch moved to Scottish club Arbroath. He retired from professional football in 2012.
Post-playing career
Busch returned to Australia in 2013 to take up a position with Professional Footballers Australia as their Media & Communications Manager. He subsequently worked as Head of Player Relations before being named co-Chief Executive in 2020.
References
External links
North Queensland Fury profile
1984 births
Living people
Australian soccer players
A-League Men players
Northern Fury FC players
Sydney FC players
Arbroath F.C. players
Sportspeople from Newcastle, New South Wales
Scottish Football League players
Association football defenders
Peter Joseph Incaviglia (born April 2, 1964), is an American former professional baseball left fielder, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for 12 seasons (–), for six different big league teams, also spending one year in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). Incaviglia was drafted in the first round (eighth overall pick) by the Montreal Expos in the 1985 Major League Baseball draft out of Oklahoma State University, then was traded later that same year to the Texas Rangers. He debuted in the major leagues on April 8, 1986, without having spent any time in the minor leagues. His last MLB game was on September 27, 1998. Incaviglia is currently the manager for the Tri-City ValleyCats of the Frontier League.
Incaviglia was noted for his power hitting ability as well as his tendency to strike out. During his MLB career, he struck out 1,277 times, while leading the league twice, and . Incaviglia owns several single-season National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) records, including home runs (HR) (48) and runs batted in (RBI) (143), respectively.
College career
At Oklahoma State, Incaviglia became one of the greatest power hitters in College Baseball history. In three seasons he amassed 100 home runs (in 213 games) and had a career slugging percentage of .915. In 1983, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Wareham Gatemen of the Cape Cod Baseball League. In his junior season, he hit 48 home runs and finished the year with an NCAA record 1.140 slugging percentage. He also led Oklahoma State to the College World Series in each of his three seasons. He is still the NCAA Division I baseball all-time leader in home runs in a career and home runs in a season.
He was elected to the College Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007.
Major League career
Incaviglia's rookie season came in 1986. Drafted by the Montreal Expos in 1985, he refused to play a day in the minor leagues and was later traded to the Texas Rangers in exchange for Bob Sebra and Jim Anderson. The Rangers would grant the request and make him the 15th player in Major League history to debut in the majors without ever playing any minor league ball since the amateur draft began in 1965. He had the tenth most home runs in the league (30) and set a Rangers club record, but also struck out the most times in 1986 (185), currently holding 44th place (through 2019 season) on the all-time single-season strikeout record. His rookie season set a standard he would be unable to match again through the rest of his career. In 1987, his home run output decreased by three, but his batting average climbed 21 points, had a better slugging percentage, and cut down his strikeouts by 17.
Incaviglia hit at least 20 home runs yearly in his first five seasons, all with Texas. His playing time and production dropped thereafter in single seasons with Detroit and Houston, however his career received a boost when he was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies before the 1993 season. He and fellow outfielder Jim Eisenreich were key acquisitions for the team that would go on to win the division and reach the World Series (one year after finishing in last place). In just 368 at-bats, Incaviglia hit 24 home runs and drove in a career-best 89 runs. He also posted career highs in OPS (.848) and WAR (2.9).
Pete Incaviglia Rule
As a result of the Expos trading Incaviglia immediately after signing him, Major League Baseball instituted a rule whereby a team cannot trade a drafted player until he has been under contract to the club for at least one calendar year. This was known as the Pete Incaviglia Rule. The rule was changed during the 2015 season, allowing teams to trade drafted players the day after the World Series concluded.
Coaching and managing career
Incaviglia was the hitting coach for the Erie SeaWolves, the Detroit Tigers Class AA affiliate in the Eastern League, for the three seasons, but was dismissed at the end of the 2006 season.
Incaviglia was announced as the first manager of the Grand Prairie AirHogs on October 24, 2007. The AirHogs began play in May 2008 in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball and reached the Southern Division playoffs in his first season as their manager. After five seasons as manager of the Laredo Lemurs—even winning the 2015 American Association championship—he returned to the AirHogs as hitting coach after the Lemurs shut down operations prior to the 2017 season.
On November 6, 2017, Incaviglia was announced as the second manager of the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball (ALPB), a position vacated by Gary Gaetti.
On January 28, 2021, Incaviglia was hired to be the manager for the Tri-City ValleyCats of the Frontier League.
Grimsley affidavit
On December 20, 2007 Incaviglia was named in Jason Grimsley's unsealed affidavit as an alleged user of amphetamines.
See also
List of baseball players who went directly to Major League Baseball
References
External links
Pete Incaviglia at Baseball Gauge
Pete Incaviglia at Astros Daily
1964 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Italian descent
Baseball players from California
Major League Baseball left fielders
Texas Rangers players
Detroit Tigers players
Houston Astros players
Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball players
Wareham Gatemen players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Baltimore Orioles players
New York Yankees players
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Chiba Lotte Marines players
Sportspeople from Monterey, California
American Association of Professional Baseball managers
Columbus Clippers players
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Tucson Sidewinders players
Nashua Pride players
Newark Bears players
Atlantic City Surf players
Portland Beavers players
National College Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Minor league baseball coaches
All-American college baseball players
Eugene Francis Deckers (22 October 1917, in Antwerp – 1977, in Paris, France) was a Belgian actor.
Career
After establishing himself on the British stage, Deckers made his first English language film appearance in 1946. Formerly a romantic lead, he specialized in "continental" character roles, playing many an obsequious concierge and imperious diplomat. As he grew older, Eugene Deckers expanded his characterization range to include Germans and Italians as well as Frenchmen. One of his biggest and best roles was as the arms dealer Peters in North West Frontier (1959). Deckers appeared in Sheldon Reynolds television series Foreign Intrigue in the early-1950s. In 1954–55, Deckers played at least seven different characters in the French-filmed Sheldon Reynolds television series Sherlock Holmes. After appearing in over fifty film and television roles, Deckers made his final screen appearance in the 1969 film The Assassination Bureau. While working as an actor, Eugene Deckers also worked as a painter. He is the great uncle of singer Eliza Roe.
Filmography
While the Sun Shines (1947) as Lieutenant Colbert
Woman to Woman (1947) as De Rillac
Dual Alibi (1947) as French Ringmaster
Mrs. Fitzherbert (1947) as Philippe
Against the Wind (1948) as Marcel Van Hecke
Sleeping Car to Trieste (1948) as Jules
Prince of Foxes (1949) as Borgia Henchman (uncredited)
Golden Salamander (1950) as Police Chief
Madeleine (1950) as Thuau
So Long at the Fair (1950) as Day Porter
Tony Draws a Horse (1950) as French Waiter (uncredited)
The Elusive Pimpernel (1950) as Captain Merieres
Highly Dangerous (1950) as Alf - the 'contact'
Night Without Stars (1951) as Armand
Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N. (1951) as French Commandant
The Lavender Hill Mob (1951) as Customs Official
Hotel Sahara (1951) as French Spahi Officer
Foreign Intrigue (1953) as Various Roles
The Love Lottery (1954) as Vernet
Father Brown (1954) as French Cavalry Officer
Sherlock Holmes (1954, TV) as Various Roles
The Colditz Story (1955) as La Tour
Doctor at Sea (1955) as Colonel Perello, chief of police
Man of the Moment (1955) as Day Lift Man
Colonel March of Scotland Yard (1956, TV) as Phillipe
Women Without Men (1956) as Pierre
Port Afrique (1956) as Colonel Moussac
The Iron Petticoat (1956) as Bartender
Foreign Intrigue (1956) as Sandoz
House of Secrets (1956) as Vidal
Let's Be Happy (1957) as Dining Car Attendant
Seven Thunders (1957) as Emile Blanchard
Law and Disorder (1958) as French Fisherman (uncredited)
Le fauve est lâché (1959) as Toni Luigi
North West Frontier (1959) as Peters
Crack in the Mirror (1960) as Magre
A Weekend with Lulu (1961) as Inspector Larue
The Saint (1962, TV) as Inspector Quercy
The Longest Day (1962) as German Major In Church (uncredited)
Blague dans le coin (1963) as Bennet
Coplan Takes Risks (1964)
Lady L (1965) as Koenigstein
The Rat Catchers (1966, TV) as Henri Dupont
The Restaurant (1966) as Le complice de Novalès
The Last Safari (1967) as Refugee Leader
Hell Is Empty (1967) as Counsel
The Limbo Line (1968) as Cadillet
The Assassination Bureau (1969) as 'La Belle Amie' desk clerk (uncredited)
References
External links
1917 births
1977 deaths
Politicians from Antwerp
French male film actors
French male stage actors
French male television actors
Belgian male film actors
Belgian male stage actors
Belgian male television actors
20th-century French male actors
TVR Tuscan may refer to:
TVR Tuscan (1967), an English sports car produced from 1967 to 1971
TVR Tuscan Speed Six, produced from 1999 to 2006
TVR Tuscan Challenge, a one-make racing series dedicated to the TVR Tuscan Speed Six
Alan Lamb may refer to:
Alan Lamb (footballer, born 1952), Scottish footballer
Alan Lamb (footballer, born 1970), English footballer
Alan Lamb (musician), Australian artist, composer, and sound sculptor
Allan Lamb, English cricketer
See also
Allen-Lambe House
Sipunculus nudus is a cosmopolitan species of unsegmented marine worm of the phylum Sipuncula, also known as peanut worms.
Description
As in all peanut worms, the body of S. nudus consists of a sac-like portion called the trunk and an eversible proboscis called the introvert. The mouth is located at the anterior end of the introvert and is surrounded by a group of tentacles. The body of the adult worm is around in length but can reach up to in some cases, of which about to correspond to the introvert.
The epidermis contains a series of longitudinal coelomic canals that are connected to the main coelomic cavity by pores. Below the epidermis there are circular muscles surrounding the body which, as the coelomic canals, are marked on the surface, making the animal's surface be marked by rectangular ridges.
Distribution
Sipunculus nudus is commonly found on subtidal zones of sandy shores to seabeds deep in temperate or tropical waters worldwide. The worm hides in sand burrows which it makes by itself during the day and may extend its tentacles out of the burrow to feed at night. Its diet consists of plant or animal tissue fragments and any surrounding sand it may ingest with it.
Recent research indicates that it is a complex of similar species around the world rather than one species, with at least "five distinct lineages identified by phylogenetic analyses".
Uses
The species is collected and sold as a model organism for various fields of science, as fish bait, or for human consumption. It is also sold and exported as a dried seafood product.
In particular, S. nudus is collected, cleaned of its innards, and eaten as a delicacy in the South Chinese provinces of Guangdong, Hainan, Guangxi, and Fujian. The worms are local delicacies in Beihai, Guangxi, where Běihǎi shāchóng (, lit. "Beihai sandworm") and sold in dried form to be fried as a snack or braised as an ingredient for a soup stock. In Xiamen, Fujian, the species is called tǔsǔn (, lit. "earth bamboo shoot") and is braised and allow gelling in the liquid as eaten as aspic tǔsǔndòng) in local restaurants.
Sipunculus nudus is also collected on islands in the northern Vietnamese province of Quang Ninh where sá sùng (local pronunciation of ) is used as an ingredient for pho stock.
References
External links
Friday Fellow: Common Peanut Worm at Earthling Nature.
Introduction to Sipuncula
Sipunculans
Animals described in 1766
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Chattanooga is an unincorporated community located in Mercer County, Ohio.
Demographics
Chattanooga has a population of 418, with approximately 49.51% males and 50.49% females.
History
A post office called Chattanooga was established in 1882, and remained in operation until 1905. Chattanooga is derived from the Cherokee name for "crow's nest". In 1907, Chattanooga had 100 inhabitants.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mercer County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Scaptesylomima bicoloroides is a moth in the family Immidae and the sole species of genus Scaptesylomima. It was described by Lutz W. R. Kobes in 1989. It is found on Sumatra.
References
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Monotypic moth genera
Cristian Emilio Grabinski (born 12 January 1980 in Llavallol) is an Argentine football defender.
Career
Grabinski began his playing career with Newell's Old Boys, he made his league debut in a 1-1 draw with Talleres on 21 June 1999. He joined Racing Club from his local district of Avellaneda in 2003 where he played until 2006.
After a brief stint with Colón de Santa Fe Grabinski travelled to Europe to play for Cypriot side AEK Larnaca in 2007. He returned to South America in 2008 to play for Emelec of Ecuador before joining Chacarita Juniors in 2008.
In his first season with the club he helped them finish in 2nd place in the Argentine 2nd division and obtain promotion to the Primera División.
External links
ESPN statistics
Argentine Primera statistics
1980 births
Living people
Argentine people of Polish descent
Sportspeople from Avellaneda
Argentine footballers
Argentina under-20 international footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Newell's Old Boys footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Club Atlético Colón footballers
AEK Larnaca FC players
C.S. Emelec footballers
Deportes Iquique footballers
Chacarita Juniors footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Les Ballets maliens is a Malian dance troupe created under the name 'Ensemble folklorique du Mali' in 1960, the day before the independence of Mali on September 22. By 1978, Les Ballets maliens had evolved into an artistic group specializing in traditional Malian dance, but open to the innovations of contemporary dance and choreography.
Repertoire
The dance of the possessed
The dance of Bamanan or Bambara masks
Madan
Sunu
Achagal : Dance tamashek
Kanaga : dance of Dogon masks
Dance of the horse
Dansa
Mabaji
Dance of Tambours
L'épopée Mandingue (Ballet)
Fura (Ballet)
Cigele (Ballet)
Bolon Sira
Sigi tè môgô-son
Lolon ni kolongala
Tours
1972 : USA (77 performances)
1976 : Festival des Arts Nègres at Lagos (Nigeria)
1985 : Festival Panafricain de la jeunesse at Tripoli (Libya)
1990 : International Festival of Music and Dance at Kuopio (Finland)
1990 : Festival international de danse of Fort de France (Martinique)
1997 : New Orleans International Jazz Festival (USA)
1998 : Participation at the last Exposition mondiale de Lisbonne, Portugal
1999 : Performance at the opening ceremony of the Sommet de l'OUA (Algeria)
2000 : Participation at the Festival Asilah (Morocco)
2000 : Participation at the Exposition universelle de 2000 at Hanover in Germany
2001 : Participation at the Festival of the 33rd Anniversary of Grande Jamahiriyya arabe libyenne at Tripoli (Libya)
2002 : Japan (Tokyo et Kyoto)
Awards
1963 : Gold medal of folklore at the Théâtre des Nations at Paris
1966 : First prize at the Festival des Arts Nègres of Dakar (Senegal)
1994 : Gold medal at the Afro-Arabe Fair in Tunisia
2002 : First prize at the Festival Africain de Folklore de Guinée FESTALOG
Instruments
All the instruments of malian traditional music are employed by les ballets : Djembé, Dundun, Balafon, N'Goni, Tamani, M'Polon, Buru, Yabara, Karignan, Daro (bell)
References
Folk dance companies
Malian dance
Performing groups established in 1960
Badak Lampung Football Club, commonly known as BLFC, is an Indonesian football club based in Bandar Lampung, Lampung. Their nickname is Saburai Warriors. They play in the Liga 3 in the Indonesian Football League. They play their home matches at Sumpah Pemuda Stadium.
History
The club was initially established in 1970 as Perseru Serui. In 2010, the club gained promotion to the Premier Division after finishing as the fourth-ranked Liga Indonesia First Division.
In 2013, Perseru achieved his dream to compete at the highest football competition in Indonesia, Indonesia Super League after successfully stepped into the Premier Division Final 2013 season.
In March 2019, Perseru was bought by a businessman in Lampung, since all clubs in Lampung were only competing in third tier league. No clubs in Lampung competed in Liga 1 for decades. Therefore, the club's home base was moved to Lampung, and the club's name was changed from Perseru Serui to Badak Lampung FC. However, they only competed for a year (five years overall) in 2019 Liga 1, and relegated to Liga 2 for 2020 season.
Sponsorship
Sunpride
Indofood
M-150
Kredit Plus
Kit supplier
Veldome Sport (2012)
Injers (2015)
Junior Sport (2017)
Noij Sportwear (2018)
Made by Club (2019)
MAR10 Apparel (2020)
Adhoc Apparel (2021−2022)
Stadiums
Marora Stadium (2012–2019)
Sumpah Pemuda Stadium (2019–present)
Honours
Liga Indonesia Premier Division:
Runners-up: 2013
Coaching staff
References
External links
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in Lampung
Association football clubs established in 2019
2019 establishments in Indonesia
Donald or Don McCormick may refer to:
Donald McCormick (1911–1998), British journalist and historian
Donald B. McCormick (born 1932), American biochemist and nutritionist
Donald McCormick (footballer), English footballer
Don McCormick (born 1945), Canadian tennis player
See also
Donald MacCormick (1939–2009), Scottish broadcast journalist
Don McCormack (born 1955), American baseball player and coach
Vicia pannonica is a species of vetch known by the common name Hungarian vetch. It is native to southern, central Europe and western Asia, and it is sometimes cultivated as an agricultural crop for use as hay and fodder. It may escape cultivation and grow as a casual roadside weed.
Description
This is an annual herb producing a hairy, climbing stem supported by the tendrils on its leaf-tips. The leaves are each made up of 10 to 20 oval or oblong leaflets measuring up to 2.5 centimeters in length. The inflorescence bears two to four pealike flowers each up to 2 centimeters long. The flower corolla is yellow or purple-marked and the back of the banner (the large top petal) is coated in soft hairs. The fruit is a hairy legume pod 2 to 3 centimeters long.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
pannonica
Flora of Europe
Flora of Hungary
Broughton Island is an island 14 km north-east of Port Stephens, New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the Myall Lakes National Park.(map)
History
Archaeology indicates that the certain ancestors of the Worimi people inhabited the island for an otherwise apparently indeterminate period of two-thousand years, and whatever name those people may have had for the island itself remains unknown. It lay within the territory of the Garrawerrigal branch (nurra) of the Woromi. "Garrawerrigal" meant "the people of the sea", from garoowa=sea. Niritba was "the home of the mutton bird" in their language.
Broughton Island was seen by James Cook commanding HM Bark Endeavour on 11 May 1770: he mistook it for a headland and called it Black Head. After its insularity was discovered, it was renamed Broughton Islands, and so appears on the 1852 Admiralty chart, Australia, East Coast. Broken Bay to Sugarloaf Point, from a running survey by Captn. J. Lort Stokes, H.M.S. Acheron, 1851. Providence Bay also appears for the first time on this chart.
Nearby Port Stephens was surveyed by Commander William Broughton in HMS Providence in August 1795. Stokes appears to have named the island and bay after Broughton and his ship, perhaps on the advice of his friend, Phillip Parker King, who was then residing at Tahlee in Port Stephens and had surveyed the coast in a private capacity.
The island was used between 1905 and 1907 in regards to testing of biological controls on feral rabbits, by French-based Polish biologist Jean Danysz (1860–1928).
National Park
Broughton Island has been part of the Myall Lakes National Park since it was declared in 1972. Wedge-tailed shearwaters, known locally as "muttonbirds", nest on the island, as well as little penguins, close to the northern limit of their range. In November 2009, the National Parks and Wildlife Service declared the island free from rabbits and rats.
References
Islands of New South Wales
Mid-Coast Council
Island restoration
Seabird colonies
Underwater diving sites in Australia
Penguin colonies
Scoops — Ice Cream Fun for Everyone is a strategy video game developed by NimbleBit for IOS devices. The game features in-app purchases and was initially released on August 1, 2009. The point of the game is for the player to stack their ice cream cone as high as they can, eventually past the moon.
Gameplay
In Scoops - Ice Cream Fun for Everyone the player's goal is to stack their ice cream cone by tilting the screen to catch the scoops, and avoid the falling vegetables. On the upper right of the screen the player has three stars. Stars are lost when a vegetable is caught instead of a scoop. This means the player can not catch three or more vegetables.
Themes
In-game there is also an option where the player can pick themes. These themes include Classic, SkyBurger, Kawaii, Doodle, Monster, Cupcake, Dizzypad, and Hats. The default theme is Classic. Other than SkyBurger, all other themes are available as in-app purchases.
Similarities to Sky Burger
Another one of NimbleBit's games Sky Burger is similar as in the objective is to stack items by tilting the screen. In the Themes section of the app, there is even a Sky Burger theme for the game.
See also
NimbleBit
Tiny Tower
Pocket Planes
Sky Burger
References
External links
NimbleBit Official Website
Strategy video games
Sarrothripini is a tribe of subfamily Chloephorinae of the moth family Nolidae.
Genera
Bena Billberg, 1820
Bryophilopsis Hampson, 1894
Characoma Walker, 1863
Chloethripa Hampson, 1912
Dilophothripa Hampson, 1898
Etanna Walker, 1862
Garella Walker, 1863
Giaura Walker, 1863
Gyrtothripa Hampson, 1912
Mniothripa Hampson, 1912
Nycteola Hübner, 1822
Pardasena Walker, 1866
Pseudoips Hübner, 1822
References
Chloephorinae
Moth tribes
Jaime Arturo Larrazabal Bretón (born 26 May 1952) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2000 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Oaxaca.
His brother Fernando is also a politician.
References
1952 births
Living people
People from Oaxaca
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Mexican people of Basque descent
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Oaxaca
Keoghan is a surname. Notable people include:
Andrew Keoghan (born 1980), New Zealand musician and songwriter
Barry Keoghan (born 1992), Irish actor
Jack Keoghan (1887–1963), Irish hurler
Liam Keoghan (born 1967), Irish hurler
Martin Keoghan (born 1998), Irish hurler
Phil Keoghan (born 1967), New Zealand and American television presenter
Rebecca Keoghan, New Zealand dairy farmer and company director
See also
Kehoe (surname)
Keogh (surname)
Keohane (disambiguation)
Keough (surname)
McKeogh
McKeough (disambiguation)
Lee Bains & The Glory Fires (sometimes stylized Lee Bains III & The Glory Fires) are an alternative rock/Southern rock band formed in 2011 in Birmingham, Alabama.
Their debut album, There is a Bomb in Gilead was released on Alive Records in 2012. The band followed that with Dereconstructed, released on Sub Pop Records in 2014.
In 2017, their third full-length album Youth Detention///(Nail My Feet to the Southside of Town) was released by Don Giovanni Records. That November the band recorded a live album over two nights of shows at the Nick, released by Don Giovanni as Live at the Nick in 2018.
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
EPs
References
External links
Lee Bains & The Glory Fires at Don Giovanni Records
Musical groups established in 2011
Musical groups from Alabama
Don Giovanni Records artists
Birmingham, Alabama
American southern rock musical groups
James II is the second EP by James, released in February 1985 by Factory Records. It contains two tracks, which were later included on the EP Village Fire, along with the tracks from the band's debut release Jimone. It reached number 2 on the UK Independent Chart, staying on the chart for 18 weeks.
Track listing
"Hymn From A Village" – 2:48
"If Things Were Perfect" – 3:03
Personnel
Tim Booth - Vocals
Jim Glennie - Bass guitar
Larry Gott - Lead guitar
Gavan Whelan - Drums
References
1985 EPs
Factory Records EPs
James (band) EPs
Acacia auratiflora, commonly known as the orange-flowered wattle, is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is listed as an endangered species.
Description
The spreading and dense shrub typically grows to a height of . It blooms from July to August and produces yellow-orange flowers. The linear phyllodes are in length with a hooked tip. The single flower heads have a diameter of containing 30 to 42 golden to orange flowers. The flower heads are held in the axis of the phyllodes and stem. The seed pods that form following flowering are covered in light golden hairs.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanists Richard Sumner Cowan and Bruce Maslin in 1999 as part of the work Acacia miscellany 17. Miscellaneous new taxa and lectotypifications in Western Australian Acacia, mostly section Plurinerves (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae) as published in the journal Nuytsia.
The only known synonym is Racosperma auratiflorum as classified by Leslie Pedley in 2003.
The type specimen was collected by Mary Tindale in 1973 about east of Lake Grace.
Distribution
It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. A. auratiflora is endemic to a small area between Lake Grace and Newdegate. A total of 15 populations were recorded during a survey in 2009 with a total of 1,200 mature plants over an area of . The plants grow well in sandy clay soils and sometimes sandy loams with clay. It is found along drainage lines and depressions on plains that can form ephemeral ponds. The species is found amongst open shrub mallee communities or low Eucalyptus salubris woodlands with Melaleuca thickets.
Associated species include many species of Eucalyptus, Melaleuca uncinata, M. adnata, M. lateriflor, Grevillia huegelii and Phebalium filifolium.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
auratiflora
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1999
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Taxa named by Richard Sumner Cowan
The Shadow on the Blind is a short American silent comedy produced by the Edison Company in 1912.
Release
The Shadow on the Blind was released in the United States on June 8, 1912.
References
External links
1912 films
1912 comedy films
1912 short films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
American comedy short films
1910s American films
Pottenstein Castle () is one of the oldest castles in Franconian Switzerland, a region in the German state of Bavaria. It stands on a rock above the eponymous town of Pottenstein in the Upper Franconian county of Bayreuth. The castle is home to a museum and both may be visited for a fee.
Location
The spur castle is located within the Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park at a height of roughly 410 metres on a west-facing hill spur between the valleys of the Püttlach and the Weihersbach, immediately southeast and above the town of Pottenstein, about 22 kilometres southwest of Bayreuth.
In the vicinity are other castles: to the west are Gößweinstein Castle, Kohlstein Castle and the ruins of the Upper and Lower Castles in Tüchersfeld, to the east are the ruins of Hollenberg Castle and sites of Wartberg and Böheimstein castles.
History of the castle
Foundation
Around 1050, the village of Pottenstein belonged to Margrave Otto of Schweinfurt and, after his death in 1057, went to his third daughter, Judith.
Judith's first marriage was to Duke Cuno of Bavaria. Cuno died in 1055 and in 1057 Judith married Boto, the younger brother of Count Palatine Aribo II of the edelfrei family of the Aribonids. In 1070 h referred to himself as comes de Potensteine , i.e. the Count of Pottenstein.
The castle that bore his name (Stein i.e. "rock" of Boto) must therefore have been built between 1057 and 1070 by Boto. It was probably originally established to guard the area between the Upper Main and Pegnitz to the southeast.
There is no clear documentary evidence for an alternative theory that the castle was built around 918 by King Conrad I.
Administrative castle of the Bishopric
Boto died in 1104 with heirs and was buried in Theres Abbey. Judith had died in 1066.
From the fact that the castle is not among the acquisitions of Otto I the Holy, who from 1102 to 1139 held the title of bishop, it can be concluded that Boto had sold the castle during his lifetime before or in 1102 to the Bamberg diocese. Around 1118 and in 1121, Bishop Otto I resided at the castle.
During the following centuries, Pottenstein Castle was entrusted by the bishops of Bamberg to a ministerialis family who renamed themselves after the castle. The oldest known members of the family was a Wezelo of Pottenstein around 1121; in 1169 there was a Rapoto of Pottenstein. He was followed by Erchenbert or Erchenbrecht of Pottenstein from 1185 to 1221, but from about 1207 he was also a truchsess or steward to the bishop. His brother Henry called himself von Pottenstein. Other members of the family followed, including a Conrad of Pottenstein in 1240-1248, who was a cathedral canon from 1242.
From 1227 to 1228 Pottenstein Castle served as a temporary residence for Saint Elizabeth, Landgravine of Thuringia.
Between 1323/1327 and 1348 the castle became the seat of an amt or administrative base for the Bishopric of Bamberg. In 1348 a Gebhard Storo was the amtmann in Pottenstein.
Pottenstein was the centre of an extensive judicial district.
The administrative area of Pottenstein was enlarged by the incorporation of smaller episcopal offices: in 1492 the Amt of Tüchersfeld, in 1594 Amt Leienfels and in 1628-1636 Amt Gößweinstein.
From the beginning of the 14th century, the castle was managed by a vogt or advocate, who had his seat in the Vogteihaus in the lower ward.
This Vogteihaus was referred to in 1728 and 1743 as the Old Vogtei, the vogt had meanwhile moved, probably in 1728, to a building in the town, at the latest in 1748 he moved into the Vogthaus, which was purchased in 1745 and rebuilt in 1748/1749. The reason for the move was the arduous climb up to the hill castle.
The only known noble vogt was Walter of Streitberg in 1332, the later vogts, who held office in the late 16th century, were members of the bourgeois estate.
From 1500, the officers called themselves pflegers. They were based in the so-called cabinet in the upper ward. In 1750 the pfleger of the castle also moved into the Vogthaus in the town. The castle was abandoned as an administrative residence and served as a corn granary.
Warlike events
During bitter fighting in 1125 between King Lothair III and the Hohenstaufen anti-king, Conrad III, the town of Pottenstein was destroyed by fire but the castle survived.
During the Peasants' War, however, it was occupied and plundered by peasants in 1525 but for fear that plummeting and burning debris could also damage houses in the town below, it was not razed. In addition, without the castle, the peasants would have been without protection against the forces of the count Palatine, the margrave and the city of Nuremberg.
The Second Margrave War, in which Albert Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach and Bayreuth launched numerous raids and looting, resulted in heavy damage and led to the destruction of many villages and castles in the Empire, especially in Franconia. On 18 May 1553, Pottenstein Castle was bombarded and occupied by margravial troops. Even the castle chapel in the upper ward was destroyed and was no longer mentioned after 1553. The cost of the damage, 20,000 guilders, indicates that it was not only the outer ward that was captured.
In 1634 during the Thirty Years' War a raid by the Swede, Colonel Cratz, failed to take the castle. A trumpeter who pretended to have been sent by the imperial troops, appeared before the castle. He was escorted over the drawbridge, but when the defenders noticed the enemy waiting outside, they quickly drew the drawbridge up. The captured trumpeter was executed after converting to Catholicism.
In 1703/1704, during the Spanish Succession War, a garrison was installed in the castle, and it was occupied by soldiers again in 1708 in 1712.
In 1703, an oven was installed in the already dilapidated bergfried for the garrison troops.
After this time no further warlike events at the castle are recorded.
Private ownership
After the transfer of the diocese in 1803 to the Bavarian state during the secularisation period the castle fell into ruins.
In 1878, the castle came into the possession of Nuremberg pharmacist, Dr. Heinrich Kleemann, to whom the preservation of the ruins, which were then threatened by demolition, is owed. He died in 1890 and his widow sold the castle in 1900.
In 1918, Pottenstein Castle was purchased by the father castellan Winzelo, Baron of Wintzingerode, who died in 2006 and whose noble family was seated at Bodenstein Castle in Thuringia. His life's work was the construction of the museum and the ongoing renovation of the castle complex. The castle is still owned by the family.
The castle is now a privately run museum and residence where prehistoric and early historical objects are displayed along with a collection of weapons, books, autographs and three show rooms grouped as an ensemble.
The Elizabeth Room in the former tower house, the western part of the palas,
commemorates the stay of Saint Elizabeth in 1227-1228. The accessible areas are the upper floor of the main building (great hall, Red Salon, Elizabeth Room), the remnants of the former bergfried, the well house (porcelain, glass, ceramics and ethnographic objects) and the tithe barn (with tithe exhibits, an exhibition on the recent history of castle and changing special exhibitions).
In addition to the impression of a well-preserved castle of the 16th century with a medieval substance, visitors may also tour the castle gardens with their outstanding views over the town and countryside.
Murder at the castle
On 2 April 1866, Max Söhnlein, who had just been released from Bayreuth Gaol, killed the wife of the castle guard with a pick in the presence of her infant. Max Söhnlein was the son of a former castle guard and committed the murder to conceal a crime. He wanted to steal clothes and money, when he realized that his parents no longer lived at the castle. He was arrested shortly thereafter in Pegnitz and sentenced on 7 May 1866 to life imprisonment at a trial by jury in Bayreuth. Due to his youth - he was only 20 years old - the usual death penalty could not be imposed.
Literature
Kai Kellermann: Herrschaftliche Gärten in der Fränkischen Schweiz – Eine Spurensuche. Verlag Palm & Enke, Erlangen und Jena, 2008, , pp. 154–163.
Rüdiger Bauriedel, Ruprecht Konrad-Röder: Mittelalterliche Befestigungen und niederadelige Ansitze im Landkreis Bayreuth. Ellwanger Druck und Verlag, Bayreuth, 2007, , p. 138.
Ursula Pfistermeister: Wehrhaftes Franken – Band 3: Burgen, Kirchenburgen, Stadtmauern um Bamberg, Bayreuth und Coburg, Fachverlag Hans Carl GmbH, Nuremberg, 2002, , pp. 100–102.
Toni Eckert, Susanne Fischer, Renate Freitag, Rainer Hofmann, Walter Tausendpfund: Die Burgen der Fränkischen Schweiz: Ein Kulturführer. Gürtler Druck, Forchheim, 1997, , pp. 115–120.
Björn-Uwe Abels, Joachim Zeune, u.A.: Führer zu archäologischen Denkmälern in Deutschland, Band 20: Fränkische Schweiz. Konrad Theiss Verlag GmbH und Co., Stuttgart, 1990, , pp. 213–215.
Gustav Voit, Walter Rüfer: Eine Burgenreise durch die Fränkische Schweiz, Verlag Palm und Enke, Erlangen, 1984, , pp. 142–145.
Hellmut Kunstmann: Die Burgen der östlichen Fränkischen Schweiz. Kommissionsverlag Ferdinand Schöningh, Wurzburg, 1965, pp. 324–343.
External links
Pottenstein Castle at Burgenwelt.de
Home page of Pottenstein Castle
Foracheim: history and images of Pottenstein Castle
Home page of Pottenstein
Pottenstein Castle on the home page of the House of Bavarian History (plans, history, construction history, condition)
Artist's impression of the castle in mediaeval times
Hill castles
Rock castles
Armories (military)
Military and war museums in Germany
Registered historic buildings and monuments in Bavaria
Heritage sites in Bavaria
Castles in Bavaria
Franconian Switzerland
Bayreuth (district)
Castle museums
Zhanggong District () is the administrative center of the prefecture-level city of Ganzhou in the south of Jiangxi Province, China. The oldest part of Ganzhou's ancient sewage system named Fushou Gou (), which was built during the eleventh century AD and still in use today, is located in Zhanggong District.
As of 2003, the district covers an area of 479 square kilometers, and has a population of 546,000.
Administrative divisions
In the present, Zhanggong District has 5 subdistricts and 7 townships.
5 subdistricts
7 towns
Transportation
Ganzhou railway statiion is located here.
References
External links
Official website of Zhanggong District: Chinese, English
Ganzhou
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
Doriemus (17 November 1990 – 11 January 2015) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who began his career in New Zealand and rose to prominence in Australia by winning the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups in 1995. He was the eighth of just nine horses to complete the double in the same year.
Breeding
He was bred to stay, being by Norman Pentaquad (USA) (by Riverman) out of Golden Woods by Zamazaan (FR). Doriemus was foaled in New Zealand and was a half-brother to the filly, Margaux by War Hawk II (GB).
Racing career
After two wins from three starts in New Zealand, Doriemus was transferred to Lee Freedman late in his three-year-old term, in the winter of 1994. The small, wiry chestnut won by four lengths on his Australian debut, but was considered immature and spelled.
He won only twice as a four-year-old, but did enough to qualify for the following year's Caulfield Cup. Carrying 52 kilograms, and ridden patiently by Damien Oliver, Doriemus overhauled South Australian and West Australian Derby winners, Count Chivas and Beaux Art over the closing stages. Penalised 2.5 kilograms for the Melbourne Cup, to take his weight to 54.5 kilograms, Doriemus revelled in the rain-affected going to defeat Victoria Derby winner Nothin' Leica Dane and Irish Champion and 1993 Melbourne Cup winner Vintage Crop. Freedman and Oliver had earlier combined to win Caulfield Cups with Mannerism and Paris Lane, and Doriemus was the third of Freedman's five Melbourne Cup winners, and the first of three for Oliver.
In 1996, Doriemus won the Queen Elizabeth Stakes, in the autumn, and the Turnbull Stakes, in the spring, but was fourth and sixth, respectively, in the Cups. In 1997, he bled in Octagonal's Australian Cup, but returned to run second to Might and Power in both Cups. Doriemus's jockey, Greg Hall, believed he had won the Melbourne Cup, and gave a wave of his whip after crossing the line, but the photo showed Might and Power had prevailed by the barest of margins. In the autumn, Doriemus was again placed behind Might and Power in the Mercedes Classic, and was runner-up to Tie the Knot in the Sydney Cup. In his final campaign, in the spring of 1998, he was second in the Metropolitan but finished 19th in the Melbourne Cup.
Doriemus was retired to Living Legends, the International Home of Rest for Champion Horses in Woodlands Historic Park, Greenvale, Victoria.
He was euthanised in January 2015 following a paddock accident aged 24.
Race record
Pedigree
See also
Thoroughbred racing in Australia
Thoroughbred racing in New Zealand
List of millionaire racehorses in Australia
List of Melbourne Cup winners
References
1990 racehorse births
2015 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in New Zealand
Racehorses trained in Australia
Melbourne Cup winners
Caulfield Cup winners
Thoroughbred family 2-b
tail is a program available on Unix, Unix-like systems, FreeDOS and MSX-DOS used to display the tail end of a text file or piped data.
Implementations
The version of tail bundled in GNU coreutils was written by Paul Rubin, David MacKenzie, Ian Lance Taylor, and Jim Meyering. The command is available as a separate package for Microsoft Windows as part of the UnxUtils collection of native Win32 ports of common GNU Unix-like utilities. The FreeDOS version was developed by M. Aitchison. A tail command is also part of ASCII's MSX-DOS2 Tools for MSX-DOS version 2.
CCZE is tail-like while displaying its output in color.
pctail is similar to CCZE. It is a colorized tail programmed in Python which tails and colorizes syslog output.
Inotail is a deprecated implementation of inotify kernel interface. The early implementation of tail polled every second to see if new data can be displayed, as tail implemented inotifiy kernel interface Inotail become deprecated and it is no longer maintained. Inotail used the Linux kernel's inotify-interface introduced in version 2.6.13 in August 2005 so that it only checks for new data when there really is some.
MultiTail not only displays logfiles in colors, it can also merge, filter, scrollback and split a terminal window into subwindows. It is more or less a combination of tail, sed, watch, CCZE/pctail, grep, diff, Beeper and others.
Syntax
The command-syntax is:
tail [options] <filename>
By default, will output the last 10 lines of its input to the standard output. With command line options, the amount of output and the units (lines, blocks or bytes) may be changed.
In the following example only the last line of the reports is output:
$ tail -n1 report-13*
==> report-1301 <==
Total tons output for month of January '13 was 523
==> report-1302 <==
Total tons output for month of February '13 was 272
==> report-1303 <==
Total tons output for month of March '13 was 623
This example outputs the last 4 characters of the reports, silently suppressing the filenames. Notice that the count includes the newline character at the end of each line and so the output does not include a leading space one might expect.
$ tail --silent -c4 report*
523
272
623
This example shows all lines of report from the second line onwards:
tail -n +2 report
Using an older syntax (still used in older version of Sun Solaris as the -n option is not supported), the last 20 lines and the last 50 bytes of filename can be shown with the following command:
tail -20 filenames
tail -50c filename
However this syntax is now obsolete and does not conform with the POSIX 1003.1-2001 standard. Even if still supported in current versions, when used with other options (like -f, see below), these switches could not work at all.
As with all Unix commands, use man pages on the running system for specific options and actions.
File monitoring
has two special command line option and (follow) that allows a file to be monitored. Instead of just displaying the last few lines and exiting, displays the lines and then monitors the file. As new lines are added to the file by another process, updates the display. This is particularly useful for monitoring log files. Ancient versions of tail poll the file every second by default but tail from the GNU coreutils as of version 7.5 support the inotify infrastructure introduced in Linux kernel version 2.6.13 in August 2005 which only check the file when is notified of changes by the kernel.
The following command will display the last 10 lines of messages and append new lines to the display as new lines are added to messages:
tail -f /var/adm/messages
To keep following the log even when it is recreated, renamed, or removed as part of log rotation, at least BSD and GNU implementations provide a option which is useful in cases when the user is following a log file that rotates.
tail -F /var/adm/messages
To interrupt while it is monitoring, break-in with Ctrl+C. This command can be run "in the background" with , see job control.
If the user has a command's result to monitor, the watch command can be used.
There is a GNU Emacs mode that emulates the functionality of , called .
See also
head (Unix)
less (Unix)
List of Unix commands
References
External links
GNU Project documentation for tail
Unix SUS2008 utilities
Unix text processing utilities
Plan 9 commands
Inferno (operating system) commands
IBM i Qshell commands
"Glitter in the Air" is a song by American recording artist Pink from her fifth studio album, Funhouse. In 2010, it was released as the sixth single in North America, the only place of its release. Written by Pink and Billy Mann and Michele Mears, the song is a pop ballad with a soft piano accompaniment and pop drum beats. Its lyrics talk about the power of love and taking a leap in faith, while using various metaphors. "Glitter in the Air" received mixed reviews from contemporary critics: some named it the best vocal performance of Funhouse, while others criticized it for being a cliché ballad.
"Glitter in the Air" debuted at number 18 and 13 in the United States and Canada, respectively. In the United States, the song marked the first time Pink had five singles from one album chart on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was notably performed by Pink as part of her 2009 Funhouse Tour with her wearing a bodysuit and doing acrobatics using aerial tissue. A similar version of this performance was done at the 2010 Grammy Awards, where her performance received a standing ovation and was critically praised by media outlets. A similar version of these performances was also performed on The Truth About Love Tour.
Background and composition
"Glitter in the Air" is a pop ballad, co-written by Pink while produced by frequent collaborator Billy Mann. The song is musically similar to another ballad from Funhouse, "I Don't Believe You", as both contain a soft piano and string accompaniment. According to the sheet music published at musicnotes.com by EMI Music Publishing, "Glitter in the Air" is composed in the key of F major, with a tempo of 100 beats per minute. Pink's vocal range spans from the high-tone of B♭4 to the low-tone of F3. Nekesa Mumbi Moody of the Associated Press commented that although the song did not display the power of Pink vocals, "her voice is still potent, full of hurt and confusion that anyone can feel". The song's lyrics talk about the power of love and taking a leap in faith. Evan Sawdey of PopMatters said the song "reflect[s] on life's simple joys and simply savor[es] them just for what they are".
Critical reception
Evan Sawdey of PopMatters said, "Of all the ballads, though, the quiet piano closer 'Glitter in the Air' takes the cake, never once overplaying its hand, remaining sweet without once ever succumbing to saccharine niceties (think of a Jason Robert Brown song without the vocal showboating). It's the sweetest moment on the entire disc, but it only succeeds because it's also the least complex song here". Craig Emonds of The South End stated that while "every song has potential to do well and is quite likable, [...] Pink's vocals are strong and shine particularly in the ballad 'Glitter In The Air'." Nekesa Mumbi Moodoy of the Associated Press said that "What makes the song so moving is that despite all of the heartache, she doesn't appear gun-shy about taking the leap again".
Justin Pacheco of The Good 5 Cent Cigar compared it to "I Don't Believe You", saying, "[it] exemplifies the sappy ballad [...] and would not seem out of place being sung by any other big pop singer. 'Glitter in the Air' is another big pop ballad along the same lines". Patrick Ferrucci of the New Haven Register commented in the album review that "She does get a little wishy-washy though, going from tunes like 'Mean' and 'It's All Your Fault' to 'Please Don't Leave Me' and 'Glitter in the Air'". He also added that the high points of Funhouse were the four tracks produced by Max Martin. Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine stated that one of the biggest problems in Funhouse was its songwriting, saying, "'Glitter in the Air,' with its emo-esque "You called me sugar" bridge, is overwrought with its clichéd imagery".
Chart performance
"Glitter in the Air" impacted radio as a new single by her record label, minutes after her performance at the Grammy Awards. On February 11, 2010, the song debuted at No. 18 on the Billboard Hot 100, with sales over 114,000 units. It became her fifth charting single from Funhouse in the United States, the most charting singles from one of her albums. The same week, it debuted at No. 13 on the Canadian Hot 100. The song also received significant airplay on U.S. adult radio, peaking at No. 8 on the Adult Top 40 chart, her fourth top-ten hit from the album on that chart.
Live performances
"Glitter in the Air" was performed by Pink on her 2009 Funhouse Tour. After the first encore of the tour–"Get the Party Started" from Missundaztood–Pink returned to the stage wearing a black robe, as glitter fell from the ceiling. Pink would begin singing while walking to the center of the runway extension of the stage. There, she took off the robe to reveal a white leotard and joined three female acrobats covered in glitter on suspension rigging which then lifted into the air. Pink continued through the song, twirling in suspended fabric above the audience. Underneath her, the acrobats performed, according to Jon Pareles of The New York Times, "slow-motion, geometric Cirque du Soleil poses". The apparatus dropped her into a tank of water and lifted her again to the air, before descending her at the end of the performance. Michael Menachem of Billboard commented, "When Pink finally touched down, she continued singing with bombast, as though the entire spectacle had been no sweat. If the rest of the show hadn't already made the case that Pink has one of the best pop-rock voices—and the most brazen moves—of her generation of stars, this final moment certainly did".
On January 31, 2010, Pink performed the song at the 52nd Grammy Awards in a similar fashion. She began the performance walking out in a white silk robe, standing in front of a backdrop of electric blue screens. She descenced into the aisle and took off the robe to reveal the bodysuit. After being lifted from the tank of water, Pink kept twirling and spreading water into all directions, before finally descending to the main stage. The audience greeted her with a standing ovation. The performance was deemed by various media outlets as the best of the ceremony. Glenn Gamboa of Newsday commented, "With her stunning Grammy performance of 'Glitter in the Air,' Pink proved that you don't have to be shocking or over-the-top to be the best or the most-talked-about. You just have to be amazing." It was also voted on a readers' poll in MTV.com as the best performance of the night. Staff reporter Kyle Anderson said "It's easy to see why, as her acrobatic performance of 'Glitter in the Air' was not only visually gorgeous, but also technically impressive — she was able to keep singing even as she was spinning around in the air". Pink later explained she had almost fallen during the song, saying, "When I do it on tour, I don't have lights above me. There were lights above me, so it almost went into a strobe thing, and I actually did get a little turned around. I thought... I was going to fall on my nude butt. But I worked it out." In 2013, Brad Wete for Billboard ranked the performance as the best performance at the Grammy Awards from 2000 to 2012, commenting it "graceful, show-stopping performance of aerial, acrobatic and vocal brilliance."
Appearances in other media
Pretty Little Liars - Episode: "A Person of Interest" and “Til Death Do Us Part”
The Game - Episode: "Trashbox"
Chase (Used in a promotional trailer)
Glee - Episode: "The Untitled Rachel Berry Project" as sung by Rachel Berry (Lea Michele)
The Voice - performed by Emily Luther in the Knockouts in Season 13 of the Voice
The Voice - performed by Gihanna Zoë in the Knockouts in Season 20 of the Voice
Track listing
Digital download
"Glitter in the Air" – 3:47
Live At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards
"Glitter in the Air (Live At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards)" – 5:11
"Glitter in the Air (Video)" – 5:11
Digital single
"Glitter in the Air" – 3:46
"Glitter in the Air (Live From Australia)" – 5:15
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
Certifications
References
External links
"Glitter in the Air (Live)" music video at MTV.com
Pink (singer) songs
2010 singles
2000s ballads
Songs written by Pink (singer)
Pop ballads
Songs written by Billy Mann
LaFace Records singles
Jive Records singles
2008 songs
The 1968 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. It was contested over a single race staged at the Warwick Farm circuit in New South Wales, Australia on 8 September 1968. The title, which was the ninth Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by Ian Geoghegan driving a Ford Mustang. It was the final Australian Touring Car Championship held as a single race, with the title being contested over a series of races from 1969 onwards.
Report
Ian Geoghegan qualified on pole position, half a second faster than Norm Beechey who was now driving a Chevrolet Camaro SS. Bob Jane was third on the grid, with Jim McKeown and Peter Manton rounding out the top five. Geoghegan won the start and took the lead into the first corner ahead of Beechey and Jane, with the latter two almost touching halfway through the first lap. McKeown retired on lap 3 with a broken rear axle. Ian Dawson spun on the following lap while Nick Petrilli lost a wheel; a lap later Rod Coppins slowed with a loose exhaust.
Jane's engine blew on lap 9, leaving Beechey as the sole challenger to Geoghegan. Fred Gibson's pit crew displayed a sign reading 'Jane in' to inform him of Jane's retirement, but Gibson misread the sign. He slowed on the following lap and pitted, losing six positions in the process. Beechey retired on lap 12 with mechanical problems, while Foley followed suit on the next lap. This left Geoghegan with a lead of twenty seconds over Paul Fahey and Manton.
Fahey retired on lap 22, while Gibson had been making his way back through the field. Manton ran into problems on lap 28, allowing the Porsche 911 of Alan Hamilton into second and the Morris Cooper S of Darrell King into third. King attempted to close the gap to Hamilton, but collided with Graham Ryan and backed off to settle for third place. However, on the final lap, Hamilton went off the circuit and damaged a rear guard, folding it onto the tyre. King went through into second and finished over ninety seconds behind race winner Geoghegan, while Hamilton brought his car home with a blown tyre for third.
Results
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Statistics
Pole position: Ian Geoghegan, 1:42.8
Fastest lap: Ian Geoghegan, 1:43.0
Race distance: 34 laps, 123.08 km
Average speed: 124.93 km/h
References
External links
Video of the 1968 Australian Touring Car Championship, www.youtube.com
Images of 1968 Australian touring car racing, autopics.com.au
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Car Championship
Motorsport at Warwick Farm
Qaleh Now (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 646, in 146 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
USS Scourge was an American warship converted from a confiscated Canadian merchant schooner. She and the American warship foundered at 2:00am on Sunday, August 8, 1813 during a squall on Lake Ontario. during the War of 1812.
Scourge began its career as the schooner Lord Nelson, named after the famous British Admiral Horatio Nelson. The schooner was built at Niagara-on-the-Lake in Upper Canada for merchant James Crooks and launched on May 1, 1811 as an unarmed merchant schooner to carry freight between Upper Canadian ports. The US Navy illegally seized Lord Nelson on June 9, 1812, almost two weeks before the War of 1812, on suspicion of smuggling. The schooner was on a voyage from Prescott, Upper Canada to Niagara, Upper Canada (then known as Newark) carrying freight and personal luggage when Lt. Melancthon T. Woolsey, captain of the American warship USS Oneida, detained her. Woolsey accused Lord Nelsons master of smuggling American goods in violation of the Embargo Act of 1807, which forbade trading between the United States and British colonies. The schooner was taken to the US naval base at Sackets Harbor, New York. Although there was no proof of smuggling and the schooner's owner James Crooks immediately went to Sackets Harbour to dispute the seizure, the onset of war prevented the return of his vessel.
The US Navy commissioned the schooner at Sackets Harbor and renamed it USS Scourge. For naval service it was armed with four 6-pounder cannons and four 4-pounder cannons, and fitted with bulwarks. The schooner was placed in Captain Isaac Chauncey's squadron and patrolled Lake Ontario during the War of 1812.
About 84 men perished when the Hamilton and Scourge sank during a sudden squall off-shore from Fourteen Mile Creek, east of present-day Hamilton, Ontario around 2:00 am on Sunday August 8, 1813. Scourge was under the command of Sailing Master Joseph Osgood. According to a Letter of August 1813 after both ships were lost, a total of sixteen members of the crews survived. A survivor of the Scourge, Ned Myers, told his story to James Fenimore Cooper. According to Myers about eight men from the Scourge were saved, and about 42 were lost.
The site of the sunken ships was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1976. The Ontario Heritage Act was amended in 2005 to provide special protection to the shipwrecks of the Hamilton, the Scourge, and the SS Edmund Fitzgerald because of their historical and cultural significance and because they contain human remains.
After the war, the schooner's original owner James Crooks, resumed his claim for the schooner. On July 11, 1817, the Court of Northern District of New York, determined that the vessel had been seized illegally. Despite the court's decision, compensation to the Crooks family was not paid because the clerk of the court had embezzled the funds. Crook's descendants persisted and finally won compensation for the schooner 97 years later, in 1914, thanks to the determination of Henry James Bethune. The award was $5000, plus 93 years of interest. Total compensation came to $23,644.38, reduced to $15,546.63 after deduction of legal expenses, and was paid by the United States government to the 25 descendants of James Crooks.
References
Great Lakes ships
1811 ships
Captured ships
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Shipwrecks of Lake Ontario
Maritime incidents in 1813
19th century in Hamilton, Ontario
Ships built in Ontario
Merchant ships of Canada
Hong Kong Sapling Football Club () are a Hong Kong football club which does not currently compete in the Hong Kong Football League system.
History
On 11 August 2011, Mutual withdrew from the Hong Kong First Division League due to financial problems. The Hong Kong Football Association then decided to form a team for training youngsters for the 2013 East Asian Games, as well as to replace Mutual. The club was named as Hong Kong Sapling, but was dissolved in 2012.
In the run up to the 2016–17 season, Metro Gallery were forced to voluntarily relegate to the First Division due to financial difficulties. Hong Kong Sapling were reformed in order to fill the void left by Metro Gallery and were able to secure funding from two sponsors, Biu Chun and GlorySky Group, competing under the name Biu Chun Glory Sky until the end of the season.
In the summer of 2017, the club was taken over by former Birmingham City board member Ryan Yeung and the club were renamed as Dreams FC.
During the latter part of the 2018–19 season, Dreams ran into financial arrears and it appeared that their future in the HKPL was uncertain. Despite this, CEO Leung Chi Kui issued a statement claiming that the club had retained two thirds of their players and would continue to participate in the 2019–20 season. However, on 11 July 2019, Dreams decided to self-relegate due to lack of funds, citing an inability to fulfill a requirement by the HKFA for each HKPL club to submit a seven figure deposit ahead of the season. However, HKFA disputed the claim entirely the next day via press release.
In the 2019–20 season, the club were renamed as King Fung.
On 16 November 2020, the club confirmed that they would withdraw from local competitions for two seasons following a FIFA imposed transfer ban on the club. The ban came as a result of a successful arbitration case by former player Joaquín who had sued the club for salary arrears during the 2018–19 season. In addition, FIFA demanded that the club pay $800,000 HKD in compensation to Joaquín.
Name history
2011–2012: Hong Kong Sapling (港菁)
2016–2017: Biu Chun Glory Sky (標準灝天)
2017–2019: Dreams FC (夢想FC)
2019–present: King Fung (景峰)
References
Football clubs in Hong Kong
Association football clubs established in 2011
2011 establishments in Hong Kong
2012 disestablishments in Hong Kong
Baxtiyar Pezila (; born 17 November 1998) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Chongqing Liangjiang.
Club career
Baxtiyar Pezila was promoted to the senior team of Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard within the 2018 China League One season and would make his debut in a league game on 10 March 2018 against Liaoning F.C. in a 2-0 defeat. After the game he would quickly establish himself as a regular within the team and go on to make 23 appearances for the club. On 21 February 2019 he would sign for top tier club Chongqing Lifan. On 4 February 2020 he was loaned out to Recreativo Granada.
Career statistics
Notes
References
External links
Baxtiyar Pezila at Worldfootball.net
1998 births
Living people
Uyghur sportspeople
Chinese footballers
Chinese people of Uyghur descent
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard F.C. players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Club Recreativo Granada players
Chinese expatriate footballers
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
"Something More" is the first single by alternative rock band Secondhand Serenade from their third studio album, Hear Me Now. The track was released onto iTunes on June 1, 2010, as a deluxe single with a bonus track "You Are a Drug", a video showing the making of "Something More", and a digital booklet. The song first appeared on Kid Kraddick's nationally syndicated radio show on May 17, 2010.
Background
Driven by a piano melody and mid-tempo percussion, the ballad is focused on Vesely's vocals, as he wails about self-revelation and purpose in life: "There must be something more. Do we know what we're fighting for?... I fooled everyone and now what will I become? I have to start this over... There must be something more. Do we know what we're fighting for?", the hypnotic ballad reflects on learning how to forgive and move on from a shattered relationship.
Critical reception
Something More has received mixed reviews from most of the critics.
Alex Vitoulis from Billboard.com. : "As Vesely sings of the internal strife that a breakup can cause, he powerfully conveys the very human message that everyone makes mistakes. A no-brainer for top 40 and hot AC radio formats, "Something More" is sure to saturate the summer airwaves."
"...however, is a poignant prodding of life's purpose—hardly a new subject matter, but everyone's entitled to their chance to untangle it—accompanied by genre-blending R&B beats." -The Album Project
“The first single, is definitely radio ready if nothing else. It seems to borrow influences from both The Fray and Onerepublic, although a great deal of that arises from the production as opposed to an actual stylistic change. -Sputnik Music
"The carries a sentiment that could easily resonate with middle-schoolers and post-grads. But are they profoundly deep? Therein lies the conundrum with Vesely. Sure his Hallmark lyrics may not exactly be thought-provoking, but his ability to marry heart-on-sleeve intimacy with radio-ready choruses truly knows no bounds. In short, when it comes to Top 40 and AC radio formats, there are few better than this guy." -Absolute Punk
Track listing
References
2010 singles
2010 songs
Glassnote Records singles
The 2014 Arimex ATP Challenger Trophy was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the eighth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2014 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place at the TC EMPIRE in Trnava, Slovakia from 15 to 21 September 2014.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Karol Beck
Jan Choinski
Jan Hájek
Miloslav Mečíř Jr.
The following player received a special exemption into the singles main draw:
Benjamin Balleret
The following player received a protected ranking into the singles main draw:
Steve Darcis
The following player entered into the singles main draw as an alternate:
Jan Mertl
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Victor Crivoi
Dennis Novak
Franko Škugor
Artem Smirnov
Champions
Singles
Andreas Haider-Maurer def. Antonio Veić, 2–6, 6–3, 7–6(7–4)
Doubles
Roman Jebavý / Jaroslav Pospíšil def. Stephan Fransen / Robin Haase, 6–4, 6–2
References
External links
Official Website
Trophy
Arimex Challenger Trophy
STRABAG Challenger Open
is a private women's junior college in Ōgaki, Gifu, Japan, established in 1969.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1969
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gifu Prefecture
1969 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Ōgaki
Albert Hedderich (born 11 December 1957 in Mainz) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
References
External links
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of West Germany
Olympic gold medalists for West Germany
1957 births
Living people
Olympic medalists in rowing
West German male rowers
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for West Germany
Sportspeople from Mainz
Trevor Morley (born December 7, 1992) is an American soccer player.
Career
Youth, College and Amateur
Morley played his entire college career at Cal State Northridge. In his five years with the Matadors, he made a total of 81 appearances and tallied 4 goals. He spent the 2011 season red-shirted.
He also played in the Premier Development League for FC Tucson in 2014.
Professional
On January 19, 2016, Morley was drafted by Portland Timbers with the final pick (81st overall) of the 2016 MLS SuperDraft. He signed with Portland's United Soccer League affiliate Portland Timbers 2 on March 1, 2016.
References
External links
T2 bio
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Cal State Northridge Matadors men's soccer players
FC Tucson players
Portland Timbers draft picks
Portland Timbers 2 players
Soccer players from San Diego
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Kızılseki is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Jezernice may refer to:
Jezernice, Czech Republic, a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Jezernice, Croatia, an uninhabited village in Zagreb County
Jezernice (Višegrad), a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Tumoral calcinosis is a rare condition in which there is calcium deposition in the soft tissue in periarticular location, around joints, outside the joint capsule. They are frequently (0.5–3%) seen in patients undergoing renal dialysis. Clinically also known as hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis (HFTC), is often caused by genetic mutations in genes that regulate phosphate physiology in the body (leading to too much phosphate (hyperphosphatemia)). Best described genes that harbour mutations in humans are FGF-23, Klotho (KL), or GALNT3. A zebrafish animal model with reduced GALNT3 expression also showed HFTC-like phenotype, indicating an evolutionary conserved mechanism that is involved in developing tumoral calcinosis.
Clinical features
The name indicates calcinosis (calcium deposition) which resembles tumor (like a new growth). They are not true neoplasms – they don't have dividing cells. They are just deposition of inorganic calcium with serum exudate. Children and adolescents (6 to 25 years) are the most commonly affected. The symptom that the accumulations cause is not pain but swelling around joints. They have propensity to enlarge progressively and ulcerate the overlying skin and extrude. They are most common around shoulders, hips and elbows. Laboratory evaluation reveal normal serum calcium levels and hyperphosphatemia. Rarely ALP (alkaline phosphatase – an enzyme active at sites of bone formation) may be elevated. Treatment is normalization of serum phosphate levels and resection of lesions. Surgical removal should be complete and if part of it is left, recurrence is likely to occur. Cutting through the excised calcium deposition reveals semifluid calcium suspension in albumin encapsulated by fibrous tissue.
Additional images
References
External links
Genetests/NCBI/NIH/UW entries on Hyperphosphatemic Familial Tumoral Calcinosis
Soft tissue disorders
Renal dialysis
The Alderney Steam Packet Company provided shipping services between Alderney and Sark, Guernsey and Cherbourg from 1897 to 1931.
History
Courier I and Courier II
The origins of the company lie with the construction of the initial vessel Courier I which was launched on 26 February 1876 by the residents of Alderney and Courier II in 1883. Courier II cost £8,000.(equivalent to £ in ),. The Couriers were built by Day and Summers, Northam in Southampton.
In 1897 the owners of the two Courier vessels formed the Alderney Steam Packet Company to operate these shipping services.
On 30 April 1906, Courier II struck Les Ânons, a rock south of Jethou. There were 29 survivors and 10 deaths. The ship was salvaged on 1 August 1906 and returned to service after repairs.
In 1913, the Courier I had been sold to Italian owners. She was renamed the Aydon and sailed from Guernsey on 3 February 1913 bound for Naples via Dartmouth. She was then to proceed to Turkey to be used as a passenger steamer in and around Constantinople.
Helper
In 1920 they purchased Helper, and a regular service to Sark started on 1 April. Helper had been built for the West Cornwall Railway in 1873 by William Allsup of Preston as the Sir Francis Drake. She was renamed Helper in 1908 when a new Sir Francis Drake was introduced. During the First World War she ferried service personnel to Portland Naval Base. In 1919 Helper was sold to Cosens & Co for seasonal excursions out of Weymouth to Lulworth Cove and Lyme Bay. Helper was withdrawn in 1926 and broken up for scrap.
RMS Riduna
In 1926 they purchased the RMS Peninnis, formerly HMS Argus, from the Isles of Scilly Steamship Company and renamed her the RMS Riduna. Resembling a steam-yacht with a clipper bow, buff funnel and originally a white hull. She was sent for scrap in 1931.
Closure
In 1929 the Alderney Steam Packet Company entered liquidation, but a new company of the same name was registered in Guernsey. However, this new company did not trade for long, as in March 1931 its goodwill and Courier II was acquired by the St. Malo & Binic Steam Ship Company Ltd., which became the Guernsey, Alderney & Sark Steam Ship Company Ltd. to reflect its current trade in May 1933.
Vessels
Courier I 1883 - 1913 (Sold to Italy and then Turkey)
Courier II 1883 - 1931 (survived with another company after 1931)
PS Helper 1920 - 1926
RMS Riduna 1926 - 1931
References
Transport in Alderney
Transport companies established in 1897
Transport companies disestablished in 1931
Ferry companies of the Channel Islands
Defunct shipping companies of the United Kingdom
Packet (sea transport)
Sark
Companies of Alderney
1897 establishments in Guernsey
This is a list of Sicilian dishes and foods. Sicilian cuisine shows traces of all the cultures which established themselves on the island of Sicily over the last two millennia. Although its cuisine has much in common with Italian cuisine, Sicilian food also has Spanish, Greek and Arab influences.
Sicilian dishes
Arancini or Arancine – stuffed rice balls which are coated with breadcrumbs and fried. They are said to have originated in Sicily in the 10th century during Kalbid rule.
Cannoli – shortcrust pastry cylindrical shell filled with sweetened sheep milk ricotta.
Caponata- cooked vegetable salad made from chopped fried eggplant and celery seasoned with sweetened vinegar, with capers in a sweet and sour sauce.
Crocchè- mashed potato and eggcovered in bread crumbs and fried.
Farsu magru- beef or veal slices flattened and superimposed to form a large rectangle, with a layer of thin bacon slices on top. For the filling, crushed bread slices, cheese, ham, chopped onions, garlic and fresh herbs are mixed together.
Frittula - pork and/or beef byproducts from butchering, fried in lard and spiced.
Likëngë – pork sausages flavored with salt, pepper and seed of Fennel (farë mbrai), made in Piana degli Albanesi and Santa Cristina Gela
Maccu, a soup with dried fava beans and fennel.
Muffuletta- a sesame-seed bread, or the layered New Orleans sandwich made with it, stuffed with sausage meats, cheese, olive salad, etc.
Panelle – Sicilian fritters made from chickpea flour and other ingredients. They are popular street food in Palermo.
Pani ca meusa - organ meats (lung, spleen) and sausage served on Vastedda, a sesame-seed bun
Pasta alla Norma, pasta with tomatoes, fried eggplant, ricotta and basil.
Pasta con le sarde, pasta with sardines and anchovies.
Pesto alla trapanese – a Sicilian variation of the genoese pesto, typical of the Province of Trapani. The dish was introduced in ancient times by Genoese ships, coming from the east and stopping at the port of Trapani, who brought the tradition of agliata, a sort of pesto-sauce based on garlic and walnuts.
Scaccia/Scacciata -a thin flatbread layered with vegetables, cheese and meats and rolled up.
Sicilian pizza – pizza prepared in a manner that originated in Sicily. In the United States, the phrase Sicilian pizza is often synonymous with thick-crust or deep-dish pizza derived from the sicilian Sfincione.
Stigghiola - spiced and grilled intestine, typically from lamb or goat.
Stuffed eggplant
Orange Salad - Oranges, extra virgin olive oil, salt, spring onions.
Couscous trapanese - typical of the Trapani area, with vegetables, meat, or fish.
Beverages
Amaro Averna, a herb-citrus liqueur.
Marsala wine
Zibibbo
Sodas
Sibat Tomarchio
Bibite Polara
Cheeses
Caciocavallo and Ragusano cheese, stretched-curd cheeses similar to Mozzarella.
Canestrato, a hard cheese made from a mixture of sheep and goat milks.
Ricotta, a fresh cheese made from whey.
Pecorino Siciliano - a Sicilian sheep's-milk cheese.
Desserts and sweets
Biscotti Regina
Buccellato
Cannoli
Cassata
Ciarduna
Cioccolato di Modica
Crocetta of Caltanissetta
Cuccìa
Cuccidati
Frutta martorana
Gelato
Gelo di melone
Giurgiulena
Granita
Ice cream
'Mpanatigghi
'Nzuddi
Pignolata
Pignolo (macaroon)
Raffiolini
Zeppole
Fruits and vegetables
Aglio Rosso di Nubia
Cipolla di Giarratana
Mazzarrone (grape)
Pomodoro di Pachino
Siracusa lemon
Salads
Caponata – a Sicilian aubergine (eggplant) dish consisting of a cooked vegetable salad made from chopped fried eggplant and celery seasoned with sweetened vinegar, with capers in a sweet and sour sauce.
Sicilian orange salad – (Insalata di arance) is a typical salad dish of Sicilian and Spanish cuisine which uses oranges as its main ingredient. It is usually served at the beginning or at the end of a meal.
Pantelleria salad - (Insalata pantesca) is a salad consisting of tomatoes, boiled potatoes, red onions and mackerel (or fresh cheese) and seasoned with olive oil, oregano, salt and capers.
See also
Italian cuisine
List of Italian dishes
References
External links
Lists of foods by nationality
Italian cuisine-related lists
José Daniel Alarcón Goyo (born 12 May 2005) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a forward for Estudiantes de Mérida.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2005 births
Living people
People from Mérida (state)
Venezuelan footballers
Association football forwards
Venezuelan Primera División players
Chulkov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Chulkova. Notable people with the name include:
Anastasia Chulkova (born 1985), Russian racing cyclist
Georgy Chulkov (1879–1939), Russian poet, editor, writer and critic
Maksim Chulkov (born 1988), Russian acrobatic gymnast
Russian-language surnames
Fade to Black is a Nero Wolfe mystery novel by Robert Goldsborough, the fifth of seven Nero Wolfe books extending the Rex Stout canon. It was first published by Bantam in hardcover in 1990.
Fade to Black is set in the advertising world, and as such is a nice counterpoint to Stout's Wolfe novel Before Midnight (1955). Whereas the earlier book centres on jealousies within a large and established agency, and a nationwide perfume contest, the Goldsborough book is concerned with a mid-sized boutique agency coping with issues such as idea theft between ad agencies and television spots for the Super Bowl, which was still ten years in the future when Before Midnight was written.
Plot summary
Nearly all the principals in the book have something to hide, and therefore something for Archie and Wolfe to inquire about, but not every secret is criminal, and the balance between private lives (including a passionate but commercially meaningless liaison between two hostile principals) and responsible disclosure is handled adroitly, and far better than in most Rex Stout novels. Just as in Before Midnight the agency partners have strong personality clashes, but this is seen in this book as a price that is paid for complementary talents in a boutique firm.
Genesis
Wolfe's right-hand man and amanuensis Archie Goodwin is attending a Super Bowl party thrown by his good friend Lily Rowan at her East Side penthouse in Manhattan. During the game, there is a spectacular commercial involving parachutists, acrobats, and more promoting a cherry-flavored soft drink call Cherr-o-kee. One of the partners of the ad agency that put on that stunt, Rod Mills, is also at the party, and takes Goodwin aside to say that he'd like help with a problem.
Later, all three partners of Mills/Lake/Ryman meet at Wolfe's office discuss an acute problem of industrial espionage they've been having lately: their best ideas being discovered and used by a larger agency representing another cherry-flavored soft drink.
Development
The problem as presented by M/L/R is simple: to find the spy within the agency: the source of the industrial esponiage. Therefore, Goodwin has to look into possible links between members of the firm and its rival. While this remains elusive, it becomes clear that the executive of the rival drink's campaign is the recipient of the information, but it isn't long before he is found dead in his apartment (by Archie, who else?).
This prompts the owner of Cherr-o-kee, a reclusive part-Cherokee billionaire named Acker Foreman to pay Wolfe a visit, along with his two adult sons, Arnold and Stephen. Despite the tense situation, Wolfe gains Acker Foreman's respect with his knowledge of his career and of Cherokee history, especially the Trail of Tears (documented poignantly by de Tocqueville in Democracy in America). Arnold, however, displays the same hostility as he has to M/L/R personnel.
Dénouement
After further investigation, Wolfe gathers the interested parties at his brownstone to lay out his proposed solution, this time without enough evidence to please law enforcement. However, since his mandate is simply to stop industrial espionage, he can (arguably) collect his fee. The rest is left for the reader to discover.
Characters
Nero Wolfe – the detective, protagonist
Archie Goodwin – Wolfe's right-hand man
Lily Rowan – who throws the party which Archie and Mills attend
Rod Mills – a partner in the ad agency
Boyd Lake – a partner in the ad agency
Sara Ryman – a partner in the ad agency
Acker Foreman – a reclusive part-Cherokee billionaire
Arnold and Stephen Foreman – his sons
Publication history
1990, USA, Bantam Books , Pub date ? October 1990, hardback (First edition)
1991, USA, Bantam Books , Pub date ? September 1991, paperback
Nero Wolfe novels by Robert Goldsborough
1990 American novels
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 4, 1986. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Democrats performed well in the year's elections; Democratic nominee Mike Sullivan won the gubernatorial election by a decisive margin, Superintendent Lynn Simons won a sizable majority in her bid for a third term, and Kathy Karpan won the open Secretary of State's race. Republicans prevailed in elections for State Auditor and Treasurer.
Governor
Incumbent Democratic Governor Edgar Herschler declined to run for re-election to a fourth term, and attorney Mike Sullivan won the Democratic primary to succeed him. He faced former State Representative Pete Simpson in the general election, whom he defeated by a decisive margin.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Thyra Thomson declined to run for re-election to a seventh term. Her son, K. C. Thomson, a Sheridan banker, ran in the Republican primary to succeed her, as did State Senate President Jerry Geis. The contest between the two was extremely close, with unofficial results showing Thomson with a 61-vote lead over Geis. The recount confirmed Thomson's narrow victory over Geis, and he advanced to the general election, where he faced Kathy Karpan, the former Director of the Wyoming Department of Health and Social Services in Governor Edgar Herschler's cabinet. Karpan ended up narrowly defeating Thomson, the first Democratic victory in a Secretary of State's race since 1958.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Kathy Karpan, former Director of the Wyoming Department of Health and Social Services
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
K. C. Thomson, Sheridan banker, son of incumbent State Treasurer Thyra Thomson
Jerry Geis, President of the Wyoming Senate
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Jim Griffith declined to seek re-election to a fourth term. State House Speaker Jack Sidi won the Republican nomination unopposed, and faced Bil Tucker, a technical manager and a former Trustee on the Albany County School Board, in the general election. Sidi ultimately defeated Tucker by a decisive margin, though considerably reduced from Griffith's 1982 landslide.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bil Tucker, former Trustee on the Albany County School Board
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Jack Sidi, Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
In 1982, Wyoming voters approved a constitutional amendment that allowed state treasurers to seek re-election, making incumbent Republican State Treasurer Stan Smith the first treasurer in state history to be eligible for re-election to a second term. Though Smith initially announced that he would run for Governor, he ended his campaign and sought re-election as Treasurer. He faced a challenge in the Republican primary from Lee Galeotos, a former official in Governor Stanley Hathaway's administration, who announced that he would run for State Treasurer while Smith was running for governor. When Smith ran for re-election instead, Galeotos remained in the race. Smith defeated Galeotos by a wide margin, and faced former State Representative Carrol P. Orrison, the Democratic nominee, in the general election.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Carrol P. Orrison, former State Representative from Laramie County
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Stan Smith, incumbent State Treasurer
Sam Galeotos, former State Director of Administrative and Fiscal Control
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Democratic Superintendent of Public Instruction Lynn Simons ran for re-election to a third term. She faced Millard I. Meredith, the Superintendent of the Converse County School District No. 1 and the Republican nominee, in the general election. Simons defeated Meredith by a sizable margin, largely replicating her victory from 1986.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Lynn Simons, incumbent Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Millard I. Meredith, Superintendent of the Converse County School District No. 1, 1978 Republican candidate for Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Belo Polje is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 256 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
William Rooney (; 29 September 1873–6 May 1901), also known as Fear na Muintire, was an Irish nationalist, journalist, poet and Gaelic revivalist. Along with Arthur Griffith and Denis Devereux he founded the Celtic Literary Society, and with Griffith founded the first Cumann na nGaedheal.
Life
William Rooney was born in Mabbot Street in Dublin, Ireland and educated by the Christian Brothers in Strand Street and North Richmond Street. As a boy he was a member of The Irish Fireside Club, a literary discussion group, where he became acquainted with Arthur Griffith around 1888. They joined the Leinster Debating Society (which became the Leinster Literary Society), where Griffith became president and Griffith secretary. After the Leinster Literary Society was dissolved in the wake of the Parnell controversies Rooney formed the Celtic Literary Society, of which he became president and editor of the society's journal, An Seanachuidhe. Along with Michael Cusack he taught Irish at the society's offices; one of their pupils was George Clancy.
His writings and articles appeared in United Ireland, The Shamrock, Weekly Freeman, The Evening Herald, Shan Van Vocht and Northern Patriot in Belfast.
He was persuaded by Eoin MacNeill to join the Gaelic League after its founding in 1893. As a member of the Gaelic League, which was mainly concerned with promoting the Irish language and literature, he favoured a more political approach to promoting Irish culture. He regarded Irish independence without the revival of the language and culture as meaningless.
He was active on the 1798 Rising commemoration committee. In 1899 he co-founded with Griffith the United Irishman newspaper and wrote many of its articles. Rooney had encouraged Griffith to return from South Africa and edit the paper. In November 1900 along with Griffith he helped establish Cumann na nGaedheal. This was an umbrella organisation to co-ordinate the activities of a number of nationalist groups, with John O'Leary as president; it was merged in 1907 to form Sinn Féin. He spent some time travelling the country promoting the Irish language and condemned the Irish Parliamentary Party for its failure to promote the language.
He died suddenly of tuberculosis at the age of 27, shortly before he was due to be married to Máire Ní Cillín, in May 1901. He was described by Griffith as "the Thomas Davis of the new movement". He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery.
In the decade after the revolutionary period, the vital contribution of Rooney to the emergence of Sinn Féin was regularly acknowledged by many of those involved, including Brian O'Higgins, veteran of the 1916 Rising and President of Sinn Féin in the 1930s, who referred to him as "the real founder of Sinn Féin".
His poems include "The Men of the West", "Ninety Eight", and "An tSean Bhean Bhocht". A book of his poems was posthumously published in 1902, Poems and Ballads of William Rooney. The writer James Joyce gave Rooney's poems an unfavourable review in the Daily Express. Griffith responded by publishing Joyce's review in the United Irishman as an advertisement for Rooney's book of poems. His only emendation was the addition of a single word. Joyce had written that Rooney 'might have written well if he had not suffered from one of those big words which make us so unhappy.' Griffith merely inserted the word: patriotism.
References
1873 births
1901 deaths
Writers from Dublin (city)
The 2015–16 Saint Louis Billikens men's basketball team represented Saint Louis University in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Billikens were led by fourth year head coach Jim Crews. The team played their home games at Chaifetz Arena. They were a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season with an 11–22, 5–13 in A-10 play to finish in a tie for 12th place. They defeated George Mason in the first round of the A-10 Tournament to advance to the second round where they lost to George Washington.
On March 10, following their exit in the A-10 tournament, head coach Jim Crews was released from his coaching duties by the school. He finished at Saint Louis with a four year record of 77–56.
Previous season
The Billikens finished the season with an overall record of 11–21, with a record of 3–15 in the Atlantic 10 regular season to end up in the bottom of the Atlantic 10 standings. In the 2015 Atlantic 10 Tournament, the Billikens lost to Duquesne in the first round.
Off season
After a terrible 2014-2015 campaign, three of Saint Louis's top players (Grandy Glaze, Austin McBroom, and Tanner Lanconca) decided to leave the program and John Manning graduated from the University. With these four leaving the program Saint Louis lost 303 games of experience and 95 starts from the combined group. This marked a second consecutive year with massive turnover in the players in the program.
Departures
Incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Atlantic 10 Tournament
References
Saint Louis
Saint Louis Billikens men's basketball seasons
Saint
Saint
SFV could refer to:
Simple file verification, computer file checksum format
Simian foamy virus
San Fernando Valley
Suitable For Vegans
Screaming for Vengeance, the eighth studio album released by heavy metal band Judas Priest in 1982
Street Fighter V, the fifth installment in the Street Fighter video game series
Swiss Football Association, governing body of football in Switzerland
National Property Board of Sweden, or Statens fastighetsverk, abbreviated SFV
Saybolt FUROL viscosity
Bolaang Mongondow Regency is a regency of North Sulawesi Province, Indonesia, situated on the island of Sulawesi. The principal town lies at Kotamobagu, which is now administratively separated from the regency, the administrative centre of which is now at the town of Lolak. The Regency covers an area of 2,871.65 km2, and had a population of 213,484 at the 2010 Census and 248,751 at the 2020 Census.
Administrative Districts
At the time of the 2010 Census the Regency was divided into twelve districts (kecamatan), but three additional districts have subsequently been created by splitting of existing districts. The districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) the populations at the 2010 Census of the communities now forming these three new districts are included in the figures for the existing districts from which they were cut out. (b) Lolak District includes the offshore islands of Pulau Molosing and Pulau Tikus, situated off the north coast. (c) Sangtompolang District includes the offshore islands of Pulau Gogobola, Pulau Paniki, Pulau Tengah and Pulau Tudunya, all situated off the north coast.
Airport
A new airport was proposed in 2015 as a construction project located in Lolak town. The government allocated IDR250 billion (USD17.2 million) for the project. Construction was scheduled to commence in 2018 and complete by 2021. The airport originally will feature a 1400m runway, later to be extended to 2800m. The detailed airport planning envisages a runway both direction 10-28.
Climate
Lolak has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with moderate rainfall from July to September and heavy rainfall in the remaining months.
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
Jung Sung-Ho is a South Korean football player who plays for Chungju Hummel FC. He appeared in two matches of the League Cup in FC Seoul.
References
External links
Living people
South Korean footballers
FC Seoul players
Association football defenders
K League 1 players
Year of birth missing (living people)
"What He Didn't Do" is a song recorded by American country music artist Carly Pearce. It was released on June 13, 2022 as the third single from her third studio album 29: Written in Stone. Pearce co-wrote the song with Ashley Gorley and Emily Shackelton.
Background
Pearce co-wrote the song with Gorley and Shackleton in late 2020, following her divorce from Michael Ray. Upon Pearce first playing the song, it would pick up a large reception among fans. It eventually became the third single from the album 29: Written in Stone, after radio stations had also inquired about it.
Content
The song describes a breakup from a female perspective, listing off everything the male lover "didn't do" in the relationship, rather than detailing what he did to end it.
Chart performance
Before the song's release as a single, it charted on Hot Country Songs with a peak of 43. Upon release, it would debut at number 53 on Country Airplay.
Charts
References
2022 singles
2021 songs
Carly Pearce songs
Songs written by Ashley Gorley
Songs written by Carly Pearce
Songs written by Emily Shackelton
Song recordings produced by Shane McAnally
Big Machine Records singles
On 13 June 2022, an artillery attack reportedly hit a marketplace in Donetsk, capital of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, killing five people, according to pro-Russian separatist officials.
The attack happened at the Maisky Market in the central part of the city, starting a fire. The pro-Russian Donetsk News Agency claimed the munitions used were "155-mm-calibre NATO-standard artillery munitions." According to separatist officials, five civilians were killed, including a child, and at least 22 were left injured.
The DPR accused Ukraine of perpetrating the shelling attack, to which Ukraine has not yet responded. Local separatist authorities said that the attack had followed an alleged campaign of shelling in the city by the Ukrainian Armed Forces, which had also hit a hospital.
See also
March 2022 Donetsk attack
References
June 2022 events in Ukraine
June 2022 crimes in Europe
2022 fires in Europe
Mass murder in 2022
Airstrikes during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
War crimes during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
21st-century mass murder in Ukraine
2022 controversies
History of Donetsk
War crimes in Ukraine
Mariolino Barberis (born Mario Barberis, Turin, 14 August 1949) is an Italian singer.
Biography
At the age of twelve, Barberis started performing in competitions and events in Piedmont. Later, he released some tracks for the ECO casa musicale of Milan (Monza). In 1964 he participated in the Castrocaro Festival, a famous contest for new voices, where he was noticed by Teddy Reno, who offered him a recording contract with ARC. In the following year he participated in the Cantagiro for Young Newcomers, winning first place with the songIl duca della luna (text by Giancarlo Guardabassi, music Caligiana, arrangement of Ennio Morricone, on backing vocals with the "Cantori Moderni" by Alessandroni).
Because of his extensive and melodic voice and polio affecting his legs since childhood (which forces him to walk with a cane), he is nicknamed the "Tajoli the sixties by the press.
Barberis started to make live performances accompanied by Flash, a group of three boys from Turin consisting of Marcello Capra on guitars, Angelo Girardi on bass and Mark Astarita on drums that in the next decade will play in Turin with known progressive groups, like the Procession and Venegoni & Co.
In the following year, 1966, he once again won first place at Cantagiro with Spiaggia d'argento and performed in many television shows, including "Settevoci", led by Pippo Baudo. He later changed his label, moving to DKF Folklore, a label tied to the Turin studio Format of Happy Ruggiero, which created, among others, a review of "My Place" presented in full by Tony Renis at the Sanremo Festival of 1968 and "This is the city", which Barberis authored with Roger.
Discography
1961 – Scende la sera ( Collana Canti Ricreativi, Canti Scout volume 1 – direttore del coro: Dusan S.) ( ECO casa musicale, ECO 1031 ).
1961 – Canto del lupetto ( Collana Canti Ricreativi, Canti Scout volume 2 – direttore del coro: Dusan S.) ( ECO casa musicale, ECO 1032 ).
1961 – L'ali d'oro ( Consonni E. – Nason L.) / Un amico ( Drake E. – Giudici L.) ECO casa musicale, ECO 1056S ).
1965 – Il duca della luna – (Guardabassi-Caligiani) – 2:35 (ARC, AN 4056) – arranged and Conducted by Ennio Morricone – chorus (I Cantori Moderni di Alessandroni)
1965 – Quando a settembre – (Rossi-Romitelli) – 2:11 (ARC, AN 4056) – arranged and Conducted by Ennio Morricone – chorus (I Cantori Moderni di Alessandroni)
1966 – Spiaggia d'argento ( Giancarlo Guardabassi – Mantovani G. – Caligiani G.) / Eppure ti amo ( Bacchetti M. – Latessa ) ( ARC, AN 4087 )
1967 – Questa è la città ( Barberis M.- Scala R.) / Tu lo vedrai ( Cameron – Franchi ) ( DKF Folklore, KF 30042 )
1967 – Salvé venesia ( Sciorilli E. – Ruggiero F. and his orchestra (arranged) – Tombolato P.) ( DKF Folklore, KF 11037 )
1968 – Il posto mio ( Renis T. – Ruggiero F. (arrangiamento) – Testa A. ) / Agnese ( Barberis M. – Ferracioli L. – Giorgini B. in Dunn ) ( DKF Folklore, KF 30050 )
1970 – Un pianoforte nella sera ( Borghi D. – Panzuti D. ) / Rosso il tramonto ( Barberis M. – Venturia – Testa A. – Langella F. ) ( DKF Folklore, KF 30076 )
1985 – Occhi di bimba ( Barberis M. – Russo A. – Iozzo J. ) / Nell'oscurità ( Barberis M.- Russo A. – Iozzo J. ) ( Drums, EDN 2215 )
Bibliography
Various Authors (edited by Gino Castaldo), Il dizionario della canzone italiana, publisher Armando Curcio (1990); heading Barberis, Mariolino'', of Enzo Giannelli, pag. 107
References
External links
Mariolino Barberis official channel on Youtube
Italian male singers
Living people
1949 births
Coccothrinax gracilis (latanier) is a palm which is endemic to the island of Hispaniola.
References
gracilis
Trees of Haiti
Trees of the Dominican Republic
Plants described in 1929
Thomas Daniel Jennings (born 1955) is a Los Angeles-based artist, known for his work on FidoNet and for his work at Phoenix Software on MS-DOS integration and interoperability.
Work
He is the creator of FidoNet, the first message and file networking system for BBSes. Originally, the FidoNet protocols were implemented in a program named Fido, authored by Jennings, but they were ultimately implemented by other authors in other software to create a network using a multiplicity of platforms.
Aside from creating the most influential protocol for networking computer bulletin boards, Jennings built Wired magazine's first internet presence, wrote the portable BIOS that led to Phoenix Technologies BIOS, ran an early regional internet service provider, The Little Garden (later incorporated as TLGnet, Inc), and maintains an informal archive of Cold War science and technology.
While he lived in San Francisco, from 1988 until 1991 Jennings was the publisher and co-editor, with Deke Nihilson, of Homocore, one of the earliest Queercore zines. The name came from the pages of J.D.s zine, and featured musicians and writers such as The Apostles, Steve Abbott, Donna Dresch, Larry Livermore, Daniel Nicoletta and G.B. Jones. The editors' other activities, such as organizing Homocore shows where bands such as Fugazi and Beat Happening appeared, and writing for and creating other publications, were instrumental in popularizing the Queercore movement, particularly on the west coast. (Deke also performed in films, such as The Yo-Yo Gang, and had his own Queercore band Comrade in Arms.) Internationally, Homocore zine, throughout its eight (including the rarely seen issue #5-1/2) issues, along with J.D.s, was influential in the rise of Queercore as the zines found their way into the hands of queer punk kids across North America, South America and Europe.
Personal life
Jennings currently resides in Los Angeles, California, with his partner Josh Stehlik, and a varying number of animals, domesticated and otherwise.
References
External links
SR - IX Website of Tom Jennings
Rambler Lore Website of American Motors/AMC/Rambler automobile technical lore (practices) and documentation
World Power Systems (older Website of Tom Jennings)
Photo gallery of Tom Jennings from BBS: The Documentary
Arts Computation Engineering UCI Graduate Program
"The Anarchist", by Paulina Borsook. Wired.com. (Issue 4.04. April 1996)
1955 births
Living people
Queercore
FidoNet
University of California, Irvine people
LGBT people from California
LGBT people from Massachusetts
People from Boston
People from Los Angeles
Internet pioneers
Dead Silence is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Billy Talent. It was released on September 11, 2012 and was produced by the band's guitarist Ian D'Sa.
Billy Talent started recording material for Dead Silence on November 25, 2011 and finished in July 2012.
The title and artwork of the album was revealed on the band's Twitter, Facebook and official website on July 11, 2012. The album's first single, "Viking Death March", was released on May 26, 2012. The second single, "Surprise Surprise", was released on August 7, 2012 and reached number 1 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart. The artwork for the album was created by poster artist Ken Taylor.
Songs featured on the album were nominated at the 2013 Canadian Juno awards, such as "Viking Death March" for single of the year.
The band released the album on their SoundCloud account on September 4, 2012.
Singles and music videos
"Viking Death March"
"Surprise Surprise"
"Stand Up and Run"
"Show Me the Way"
"Runnin' Across the Tracks"
"Love Was Still Around"
Online videos were released for both "Runnin' Across the Tracks" and "Love Was Still Around".
The teaser video for "Runnin' Across the Tracks" was revealed on October 2, 2013. A few weeks later, the full video was released online October 30, 2013.
A live online video for "Love Was Still Around" was released on May 26, 2015. The video was directed by touring photography and friend, Dustin Rabin.
Track listing
Reception
Dead Silence has received positive reviews upon release, most critics praising the change of style from its predecessor, Billy Talent III.
Personnel
Benjamin Kowalewicz – lead vocals
Ian D'Sa – lead guitar, backing vocals, producer
Jonathan Gallant – bass, backing vocals
Aaron Solowoniuk – drums, percussion
Ken Taylor – artwork
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 albums
Billy Talent albums
Atlantic Records albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Albums recorded at Armoury Studios
Albums recorded at Noble Street Studios
Denis Mikhailovich Arkhipov (; born May 19, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League with the Nashville Predators and Chicago Blackhawks between 2000 and 2007, and then in the Kontinental Hockey League between 2008 and 2013. Internationally Arkhipov played for the Russian national team at the junior and senior level, including the 2003 and 2006 World Championships.
Playing career
Arkhipov was selected 60th overall in the third round of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft, the second choice of the Nashville Predators.
He made his National Hockey League (NHL) debut on January 8, 2001 in a 2–1 loss against the Vancouver Canucks in Vancouver. During this game he notched his first NHL point when he got an assist on a Richard Lintner goal against Bob Essensa. Two days later he scored his first NHL goal in a 5–2 win at the Edmonton Oilers. He scored when he took a Scott Hartnell pass and got it past Tommy Salo. He also got an assist on a Marián Cisár goal to make this his first ever NHL multi-point game.
In the 2001–02 NHL season he played in all 82 games with a career high 42 points. He led the Predators in goals, game-winning goals (6) and shooting percentage (16.9%). That year he centered the "Vowel Line" which also included, Vladimír Országh on right wing, and Martin Erat at left wing. They were called the Vowel Line because their last names all start with vowels.
Arkhipov played the 2004–05 NHL lockout season in the Russian Super League, and remained there for the 2005–06 season before signing as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks on July 6, 2006.
Records
Youngest player in Predator's franchise history to score 20 goals.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
External links
1979 births
Living people
Chicago Blackhawks players
Ak Bars Kazan players
Atlant Moscow Oblast players
HC CSKA Moscow players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Milwaukee Admirals (IHL) players
Nashville Predators draft picks
Nashville Predators players
Russian ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Kazan
Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod players
The Weasel Fire was a wildfire 17 miles northeast of Eureka in the Kootenai National Forest in Montana in the United States. The fire was started by a lightning strike and first reported on September 2, 2017. The fire burned a total of and was one of three fires, alongside the Gibralter Fire and Caribou Fire, burning in the vicinity at the same time.
July 30, 2022, another fire was also named the Weasel Fire. According to the Montana DNRC website the location is 48.976646977409395, -114.7491624746314, about 15 miles northeast of Eureka in the Kootenai National Forest in Montana in the United States.
Events
2017 - The Weasel Fire resulted from a lightning strike in the Kootenai National Forest, 17 miles northeast of Eureka. The fire was first reported on September 2, 2017, at 1:46 PM. The fire was fueled by litter and understory timber, comprising subalpine fir, burning in steep, inaccessible terrain. Due to the fire's inaccessibility, fire crews were not able to view the fire for evaluation until September 11. The fire was estimated to have burned . By September 13, the fire had spread to Weasel Lake, resulting in Weasel Cabin and its accompanying dock to be wrapped for protection purposes. The Weasel Fire began burning on Tuchuck Mountain and grew to . Restoration and cleanup began and on September 22 Weasel Lake was open again to the public. The fire was reported out and contained on November 2, 2017.
2022 - The Weasel Fire was discovered on July 30, 2022 was started by lightning.
References
External links
2017 Montana wildfires
Kootenai National Forest
Kevin Kawan de Azevedo (born September 15, 1998), better known as Kevinho, is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. He is best known for his 2017 "Olha a Explosão". His music is most commonly classified as funk carioca.
Career
2012-2017: Career beginnings and "Olha a Explosão"
He began his career in 2012, promoting his songs on the internet, highlighting the song "Tá Bombando É". Earlier in his career, Kevinho was a member of KL Produtora and appeared as a guest participant in several clips released by other artists of the producer. In 2016, he became a member of KondZilla Records and in May released his first hit single, "Elas Gostam" featuring MC Davi. In September, he released the single "Tumbalutum", a song that made the artist invited to participate in several television programs. In March 2017, the single "Turutum" was released.
In December the single "Olha a Explosão" was released. The song became his main hit, becoming a hit, being a long time between the most played in the country and carnival in 2017, making the singer become known nationally. The song also entered the Latin American charts, earning an international remix in partnership with American rappers French Montana and 2 Chainz and Venezuelan singer Nacho. The song also gained a version in forró with the participation of singer Wesley Safadão. In March 2017, he released the single "O Grave Bater". In June, the single "Tô Apaixonado Nessa Mina" was released. In July, he released the single "Encaixa" in partnership with singer Léo Santana. In November, he released with the participation of country duo Matheus & Kauan the single "Deixa Ela Beijar". In December, the single "Rabiola" was released.
2018-present: Subsequent singles
In January 2018, he released the single "Ta Tum Tum" in partnership with country duo Simone & Simaria. In May, he released the single "Papum", a World Cup hit. In September, the single "O Bebe" was released with the participation of MC Kekel. In December, he signed to Warner Music Records and released the single "Agora É Tudo Meu" in partnership with Dennis DJ. In March, he released the single "Facilita". In April, the single "Salvou Meu Dia" was released in partnership with singer Gusttavo Lima. In June, he released the single "Uma Nora Pra Cada Dia". Having these last three songs released on the Spotify Top 200. In August, he released the single "Credo que Delícia". On May 15, he released the single "Te Gusta".
References
1998 births
Living people
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
Brazilian funk singers
Robert Dean Nesen (January 22, 1918 – November 14, 2005) was an American car dealer and diplomat who served as the U.S. Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) from 1972 to 1974 and as United States Ambassador to Australia from 1981 to 1985.
Biography
Robert D. Nesen was born January 22, 1918 in St. Louis, Michigan. He was educated at Tri-State College and the Curtiss-Wright Technical Institute, receiving a B.S. in Aeronautical Engineering in 1941. He worked for the Air-Research Corp. until 1942, when he joined the United States Navy, serving in World War II until 1946. Upon leaving the Navy, Nesen remained a member of the United States Navy Reserve, ultimately attaining the rank of Lieutenant Commander before retiring from the Navy Reserve in 1966.
Upon leaving the Navy in 1946, he opened the Coast Aero Flying Service in Oxnard, California. Nesen started in the automobile business a few years later, opening an Oldsmobile car dealership in Oxnard. The dealership added Cadillac in the mid-1950s and then in 1971, moved to a new facility in Thousand Oaks, California. The business continued to grow in what became known as the "Thousand Oaks Auto Mall" and took on many more franchises; from Subaru and Hyundai in the 1970s and 1980s to high-end exotic brands like Rolls-Royce and Bentley in the 1990s.
Governor of California Ronald Reagan appointed Nesen to the California New Car Dealers Policy and Appeals Board, and Nesen was elected as that organization's first president. Reagan later appointed him to the California State Board of Education. Nesen was active in the Republican Party during this period and served as chairman, and then cochairman, of the California delegation to the Republican National Convention. In 1970, he became a member of the Executive Committee of the National Review Board of the United States Department of State.
In 1972, President of the United States Richard Nixon nominated Nesen as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) and Nesen subsequently served in this office from May 31, 1972 until May 15, 1974.
President Reagan named Nesen United States Ambassador to Australia in 1981 and concurrently as Ambassador to the Republic of Nauru, a post he held until 1985. In 1981 and 1987, there was press speculation that President Reagan would name Nesen United States Secretary of the Navy, but this never happened.
In 1991, Nesen was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame.
Nesen died in Thousand Oaks, California on November 14, 2005, at the age of 87.
References
External links
Profile at NNDB
1918 births
2005 deaths
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
Ambassadors of the United States to Australia
People from St. Louis, Michigan
Trine University alumni
20th-century American diplomats
The Columbus Foxes were a minor league baseball team that played in Columbus, Georgia. USA.
History
The team originally played in the South Atlantic League from 1909 to 1917, then reformed in the Southeastern League from 1926 to 1932.
It resurfaced as a St. Louis Cardinals' affiliate known first as the Columbus Red Birds and then the Columbus Cardinals from 1936 to 1955 in the South Atlantic League. As the Red Birds, it won two league championships, first in 1936 under manager Eddie Dyer, and second in 1940 under manager Clay Hopper.
The team name returned to the Foxes after the Cardinals left in 1956 and became affiliated with the Baltimore Orioles in 1956, the Cardinals again in 1957, and the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1958. The team played in the Alabama–Florida League in 1958.
As a Pittsburgh Pirates' affiliate in 1959, they were known as the Columbus Pirates. It moved to Gastonia, North Carolina, on July 6, 1959, and became the Gastonia Pirates.
The ballpark
Beginning in 1926, the Foxes played at Golden Park, located at 100 4th Street Columbus, Georgia 31901. Golden Park is still in use today and was renovated and used in the 1996 Olympic Games for softball.
Notable alumni
Baseball Hall of Fame alumni
Walter Alston (1939) inducted, 1983
Bob Gibson (1957) inducted, 1981
Enos Slaughter (1936) inducted, 1985
Notable alumni
Luis Arroyo (1954) 2 x MLB All-Star
Jackie Brandt (1954) 2 x MLB All-Star
Hub Collins (1885) 1890 NL Hits Leader; Died Age 28
Eddie Dyer (1936, MGR) Manager: 1946 World Series Champion St. Louis Cardinals
Lenny Green (1956)
Jim Hearn (1942) MLB All-Star; 1950 NL ERA Title
Ray Jablonski (1950) MLB All-Star
Oscar Judd (1936) MLB All-Star
Eddie Kazak (1946) MLB All-Star
George Kissell (1954)
Clyde Kluttz (1940)
Denny Lyons (1885)
Skeeter Newsome (1956)
Rip Repulski (1949-1950) MLB All-Star
Dick Sisler (1941) MLB All-Star
Dave Wickersham (1959)
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Baltimore Orioles minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
South Atlantic League (1904–1963) teams
St. Louis Cardinals minor league affiliates
Pittsburgh Pirates minor league affiliates
Los Angeles Dodgers minor league affiliates
Sports in Columbus, Georgia
Baseball teams established in 1909
Sport clubs disestablished in 1959
1909 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1959 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Defunct baseball teams in Georgia
Defunct South Atlantic League teams
Baseball teams disestablished in 1959
Seamen's Hospital was originally opened by Dr Peter Young, a surgeon of the Honourable East India Company in 1843 during the First Opium War.
History
The hospital was financially supported by Jardine Matheson and Company in Wan Chai, Colonial Hong Kong under the British Royal Navy. The facility was closed in 1873 due to financial difficulties.
The Royal Naval Hospital later replaced the Seaman's Hospital.
References
See also
Tung Wah Hospital
HMS Tamar
HMS Minden
Defunct hospitals in Hong Kong
Military of Hong Kong under British rule
Demolished buildings and structures in China
Hospitals established in 1843
1873 disestablishments in Hong Kong
1843 establishments in Hong Kong
The Cuban warblers are a genus, Teretistris, and family, Teretistridae, of birds endemic to Cuba and its surrounding cays. Until 2002 they were thought to be New World warblers, but DNA studies have shown that they are not closely related to that family. The family consists of two species, the yellow-headed warbler and the Oriente warbler. Both species are found in forest and scrub, with the yellow-headed warbler ranging in the west of the island and the Oriente warbler in the east. The Cuban warblers are long and have similar yellow and grey plumage.
The Cuban warblers are insectivores, with beetles forming a large part of the diet. Small reptiles and fruit are also taken. They feed in bushes and trees, in pairs or in small flocks during the non-breeding season, and are often the nucleus species for mixed-species feeding flocks with other birds, particularly migrants from North America.
Taxonomy
The genus Teretistris was long thought to sit in the New World warbler family Parulidae, until a 2002 study examined 25 genera of New World warbler using mitochondrial and nuclear DNA found that six genera were best placed outside the family, including Teretistris. Five of the genera had long been suspected to not sit comfortably inside Parulidae, but before this study there had never been a suggestion that Teretistris did not belong in the New World warbler family.
A follow-up study published in 2013 supported the separation of the genus from Parulidae but found it difficult to resolve exactly where it sat with the other nine-primaried songbirds. Their closest relatives may be the wrenthrush, genus Zeledonia, now often treated as a monotypic family, Zeledoniidae. The study's authors nevertheless recommended separating the genus into its own family, Teretistridae. The family was included in the 58th supplement of the American Ornithological Society (AOC) checklist in 2017, and the family has also been accepted by the International Ornithological Congress' (IOC) Birds of the World: Recommended English Names, the Handbook of the Birds of the World'''s HBW Alive and The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World.
These four authorities have also adopted the common name of Cuban warblers for the family. The 2013 Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World took a different approach, however, and placed the two Cuban warblers with the wrenthrush in the family Zeledoniidae.
The family contains two closely related species, usually treated as a species pair:
Yellow-headed warbler (Teretistris fernandinae)
Oriente warbler (Teretistris fornsi)
The yellow-headed warbler is monotypic, meaning it has no described subspecies. In 2000 a subspecies of the Oriente warbler, turquinensis, was described from Pico Turquino, a mountain in the south of the island. The subspecies has been accepted by some authorities, but one has suggested that further research is required.
Distribution and habitat
The Cuban warblers are, as their name suggests, endemic to Cuba and its surrounding islands and cays. They have an allopatric distribution, with the yellow-headed warbler living in the west of the island and the Oriente warbler living in the east. The yellow-headed warbler is found on the northern coast of the west of the island, as well as the Zapata Peninsula, Guanahacabibes Peninsula and Isla de la Juventud to the south of Cuba. The Oriente warbler has a more discontinuous range along the northern coast of the east of the island, and a more continuous presence in the south of the island in the Oriente region. The recently described subspecies turquinensis is found in the eastern mountains of Oriente. The species is also found on the cays to the north of Cuba, but not any cays to the south. The disjunct populations are thought to be due to a lack of suitable habitat in the east. Where the two species co-occur in the Matanzas Province the Oriente warbler is found along the coast whereas the yellow-headed warbler is found inland.
Both species of Cuban warbler inhabit a range of natural forest with good understory and drier scrubbier habitat, from sea-level up into the mountains of Cuba. The Oriente warbler is more likely to live in scrub nearer the coasts, and humid forests higher in hills and mountains.
Description
The Cuban warblers are around long and weigh between . Both are similar in appearance to New World warblers, and have similar plumage to each other. They have grey backs, wings and tails, and yellow faces and throats; the Oriente warbler has a grey and forehead and yellow down to the upper belly, with a white lower belly and rear, and the yellow-headed had an entirely yellow head but a grey breast, belly and rear. Both species have a yellow eye-ring. The sexes are almost identical, but females have slightly shorter tails. The bills are robust and slightly curved, and blackish-grey to grey.
Behaviour
Diet and feeding
Insects form a large part of the diet of the Cuban warblers. Stomach-content analysis of the Oriente warbler showed that beetles formed a large part of its diet, with a smaller part of its diet being composed of true bugs (Hemiptera) and moths and butterflies. Both species are also reported taking small lizards; the Oriente warbler has also been reported eating small fruit. The yellow-headed warbler typically feeds in the understorey and mid canopy parts of the forest, a form of niche partitioning with the olive-capped warbler which more usually forages in the higher canopy, whereas the Oriente warbler feeds at higher levels in the canopy, above in the morning, before moving to feed closer to the ground in the evening. It has been suggested that this shift may relate to the changes in temperature over the day; as the day heats up foraging birds move lower where it may be cooler.
The Cuban warblers are often found in flocks of up to six birds in the non-breeding season. These small flocks often serve as the nucleus of mixed-species feeding flocks of native species and in particular overwintering migrants from North America. The yellow-headed warbler was found in 82% of mixed species flocks observed in its range, and the Orinete warbler in 42% of its potential flocks (although the sample size was much smaller).
Breeding
The nesting biology of the Cuban warblers has not been documented in detail. Both species are seasonal breeders, with a nesting season ranging from March to July and an egg-laying period from March to May. The nest of the Oriente warbler is a simple unlined cup constructed of small vines, roots, moss and feathers. The cup measures in diameter, and is high with a depth of . The nests are usually placed within on a branch usually concealed among epiphytes such as Tillandsia'' moss or parasitic plants. The nest of the yellow-headed warbler is also a cup, made of similar materials and grass, placed close to the ground in low vegetation.
References
External links
Teretistris
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paditha Penn () is a 1956 Indian Tamil-language film directed by M. Thiruvenkadam. The film stars N. N. Kannappa and Rajasulochana.
Cast
List adapted from the database of Film News Anandan and from Thiraikalanjiyam.
Male cast
N. N. Kannappa
M. N. Nambiar
V. K. Ramasamy
Female cast
Rajasulochana
Tambaram Lalitha
Susheela
Production
The film was directed by M. Thiruvenkadam. Screenplay and dialogues were written by A. S. Muthu.
This is the first film Pattukkottai Kalyanasundaram wrote lyrics for.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by Arun and Raghavan while the lyrics were penned by Pattukkottai Kalyanasundaram, Thanjai N. Ramaiah Dass, Kavi. Lakshmanadas and Aroordas. Playback singers are Thiruchi Loganathan, A. M. Rajah, S. C. Krishnan, Jikki, N. L. Ganasaraswathi and K. Rani.
References
1950s Tamil-language films
Flavius Ablabius or Ablavius (; fl. 4th century, died 338) was a high official of the Roman Empire and contemporary of Emperor Constantine I (r. 306–337).
Family and early life
Ablabius was a Greek from the island of Crete and a man of humble birth. When his mother was pregnant with him, she allegedly received a prophecy from an Egyptian astrologer about him, that she would almost have borne an emperor. His date of birth is unknown, the identities of his parents are unknown, and it is unknown whether he had any siblings or relatives and his early life is largely a mystery. Ablabius was of a non-aristocratic and non-senatorial background. Ablabius was at birth a pagan who converted later to Christianity and became one of the officials of the Roman governor of Crete. At some point, he left Crete and travelled to Constantinople to make his fortune.
Constantine I and his family
After arriving at Constantinople, Ablabius by chance acquired great influence over the Roman emperor Constantine I and became one of the most important senators of Constantinople. Ablabius served as vicarius of the Diocese of Asia, held the praetorian prefecture of the East from 329 to 337/338, and served as ordinary consul in 331. Ablabius was active in the Roman East and West and during his political career, he was based at Antioch.
Considering his provincial background, Ablabius seemed to be attached to Constantine I, making him one of a small number of Easterners who held high offices throughout the Roman Empire. Ablabius convinced Constantine that the failure of grain supplies to arrive at Constantinople had been caused by the magical arts of the pagan sage Sopater of Apamea, who had verbally attacked the emperor and Ablabius for their dissolute behavior. Constantine followed the advice of Ablabius and had Sopater put to death. In 333, Constantine addressed a letter to Ablabius which is still preserved, in which he decreed that each party in a trial could appeal to a bishop's judgment.
In 336, Constantine ordered a Greek inscription carved on a pedestal of a statue representing himself in Antioch, where Ablabius is named with his fellow senators Lucius Papius Pacatianus, Valerius Felix, Annius Tiberianus and Nestorius Timonianus. Constantine also made Ablabius tutor and preceptor of his son Constantius II. When Constantine died in May 337, Constantius succeeded him. Later in 337, Ablabius sided with Athanasius of Alexandria, the Nicene Bishop of Alexandria who had powerful enemies at the court of the pro-Arian Constantius. Due to Ablabius' support for Athanasius, Constantius dismissed him from the imperial court, and Ablabius retired to his estates in Bithynia. In 338, Constantius condemned Ablabius to death following false accusations of intending to usurp the throne; the emperor had him executed in front of his own house. His house in Constantinople later belonged to the Empress Galla Placidia.
Family
Ablabius had married an unnamed noblewoman by whom he had two known children:
A daughter, Olympia, also known as Olympias.
A son, Seleucus. Through Seleucus, Ablabius would have further descendants. In particular, he would be the paternal grandfather of Saint Olympias the Deaconess.
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
338 deaths
4th-century Christians
4th-century executions
4th-century Greek people
4th-century Romans
Ancient Cretans
Converts to Christianity from pagan religions
Executed ancient Greek people
Executed ancient Roman people
Imperial Roman consuls
People executed by the Roman Empire
Praetorian prefects of the East
Roman governors of Asia
Year of birth unknown
Mirka is a Finnish or Slavic feminine given name, and a surname. It can also be a diminutive of given names such as Miroslava or Mirosław
Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Mirka Cabrera (born 1994), Ecuadorian model
Mirka Federer (Miroslava Vavrinec, born 1978), Slovak-born Swiss tennis player
Mirka Francia (born 1975), Cuban-Italian volleyball player
Mirka Grujić (1869–1940), Serbian nurse
Mirka Koželuhová (born 1951), Czech tennis player
Mirka Miller (1949–1916), Czech-Australian mathematician and computer scientist, university professor
Mirka Mora (1928–2018), French-born Australian visual artist
Mirka Rantanen, Finnish musician
Mirka Soinikoski (born 1975), Finnish politician
Mirka Vasiljević (born 1990), Serbian actress
Mirka Velinovska (born 1952), Macedonian journalist
Mirka Yemendzakis (died 2013), Greek actress, musician and voice coach
Surname
Vladimír Mirka (born 1928), Czech football coach
Tippecanoe is an unincorporated community in Tippecanoe Township, Marshall County, Indiana, United States.
History
Tippecanoe was settled beginning in 1882. The original town was located 1 mile to the north and was platted as Tippecanoe Town in 1850, named for the Tippecanoe River to the south. After the railroad was built 1 mile south, the town was relocated. The original Tippecanoe Town was renamed Old Tip Town.
Benack's Village was located 1.4 mile (2.3 km) ENE from Tippecanoe, across the Tippecanoe River in what is now Potawatomi Wildlife Park.
Geography
Tippecanoe is located at . It is named for the Tippecanoe River, which runs on the north side of town. Indiana Highway 331 passes through the town.
Notable residents
Donald V. Fites - Former President & CEO of Caterpillar Inc.
Paul & Joyce Hensley - Founders of Hensley Fabricating & Equipment Co., Inc.
Gallery
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
A hybrid heat system reacts to changing temperatures and automatically adjusts to the most efficient energy saving method available to heat or cool a home. It can be a fuel-saving alternative to traditional heating and cooling systems in that it combines a furnace with a heat pump, rather than an air conditioner.
Mechanics
A heat pump works as an air conditioner in hot weather, but can also reverse the process and heat the home when cold weather arrives. Rather than burning fuel to generate heat, the heat pump moves heat via the transmission of R-410A refrigerant without burning a flame, using a small amount of energy to move heat from one location to another.
Hybrid Heat can work with both gas and electric systems. By using a variable speed fan, hot or cool air gets distributed consistently and evenly throughout a space. Variable speed fans use Direct Current style motor technology, or ECM Motor.
For any furnace, providing maximum comfort means achieving the proper amount of airflow. This is true for both heating and cooling operation. Unlike conventional single-speed motors, a variable speed motor runs at a wide range of speeds. Using intelligent technology, it continually monitors incoming data from your heating and cooling system, and it automatically makes the adjustments necessary to meet your comfort needs. It varies the amount of air circulated, compensating for factors like dirty filters by increasing speed. Put simply, it delivers just the right amount of air for the right level of heating and cooling comfort. As an added bonus, a variable speed motor gradually ramps up to full speed. This eliminates the sudden, noisy blast of air that's associated with standard furnace motors. And, during cooling operation, it allows the air conditioner to remove more moisture from the air.
Environment
In regions where electricity is generated using fossil fuels, a heat pump's electrical efficiency also reduces the system's "carbon footprint", making it a more environmentally friendly approach to heating a home.
Energy consumption
While local energy costs vary, a heat pump can reduce electricity use by up to 40 percent. A local utility provider or a reputable heating & cooling contractor can provide energy savings analysis via a home energy audit.
References
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Cooling technology
Heat pumps
The 1908 George Washington Hatchetites football team represented George Washington University in the 1908 college football season. Led by second year coach Fred K. Nielsen, the team went 8–1–1 and were one of two teams given the mythical title of Southern champion. The Colonials outscored opponents 297 to 28. Curley Byrd was a member of the team.
Schedule
References
George Washington
George Washington Colonials football seasons
George Washington Hatchetites football
Lanka Sundaram (Telugu: లంక సుందరం) (1 January 1905 – 8 January 1967) was an Indian politician and an expert in international law.
Life
He was born in Chodavaram in Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh. He did his primary education in Noble College, Machilipatnam. During an oration, Maharajah of Baroda, Syaji Rao Gaekwad sponsored his education in England. He studied at University of Oxford in International Law. In 1929, he qualified in the Indian Civil Service examination. But the British Government refused to give him government job. Hence he has concentrated on social service.
He was elected to the first Lok Sabha in 1952 from Visakhapatnam constituency. He was openly criticised during the parliamentary discussions on various issues to the country during the early period after Indian independence.
He was a footballer. He wrote many books and was the editor of Commerce and Industry. His books are chosen for university syllabi and often used as reference material. India in World Politics is his main book.
Committee on Public Undertakings
Lanka Sundaram, Independent member of Indian Parliament moved a resolution and initiated the discussion on the need for setting up a Parliamentary Committee on Public Undertakings to focus on the broader policy and operational issues concerning public enterprises. The resolution was adopted in December 1953 and the committee was set up in 1964.
Publications
A secular state for India; thoughts on Indiaʼs political future (1944)
India Analysed, Volume I, International (1933) along with Alfred Zimmern; Manning, C.A.W.; Keith, Arthur Berriedale; Jenks, C.W.
References
External links
Biodata of Lanka Sundaram at Lok Sabha website.
1905 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Indian lawyers
India MPs 1952–1957
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Lok Sabha members from Andhra Pradesh
People from East Godavari district
Politicians from Visakhapatnam
Entorno do Distrito Federal Microregion (also: Entorno de Brasília) is a statistical microregion in Goiás state, Brazil, consisting of municipalities located in the vicinity of the Federal District of Brazil.
Municipalities
The microregion consists of the following municipalities:
References
IBGE
Sepin
Microregions of Goiás
Kim Chong-kon (김종건, born March 29, 1964 in South Korea, also romanised as Kim Jong-kun) is a South Korean footballer.
Club career
International career
He was in the squad of the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Honours
References
External links
Living people
K League 1 players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Seongnam FC players
1964 births
South Korean footballers
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of South Korea
Association football midfielders
Lucile Stewart Carter Brooke (née Polk; October 8, 1875 – October 26, 1934) was an American socialite and the wife of William Ernest Carter, an extremely wealthy American who inherited a fortune from his father. The couple and their two children survived the RMS Titanic disaster after the ship struck an iceberg and sank on April 15, 1912. She was said to be one of the heroines of the tragedy as she, with some of the other socially elite women, assisted in the rowing of one of the Titanic lifeboats.
Early life
Lucile Stewart Polk was born in 1875 in Baltimore, Maryland. Her father was William Stewart Polk (1828–1917) and her mother was Louisa Ellen (née Anderson). Carter's father was a partner in the very successful insurance brokerage firm Hopper Polk and Purnell of Baltimore and was fairly wealthy. Many of the newspaper reports noted that he was a descendant of President James K. Polk.
Before her marriage, Carter was mentioned often in the social pages of the Baltimore newspapers. The picture on the left is a sketch of her in the newspaper Baltimore American in 1892 when she was aged 17.
Marriage
On January 29, 1896 she married William Ernest Carter. He was the son of William Thornton Carter (1827–1893) who had made a vast fortune in the coal industry and was said to be "one of the most extensive and successful coal operators in America". Carter's husband inherited much of this fortune and the couple led a very privileged lifestyle. They had two children, Lucile Polk Carter born in 1897 and William Thornton Carter II born in 1900, who were also passengers on the Titanic and survived.
After their marriage, the couple was frequently mentioned in the social pages. Lucile was often noted for her striking clothes. The following is an extract from one of the newspapers.
Mrs William E Carter of Philadelphia, a beauty of pronounced type, has been startling Newport with flaming costumes. In an accordion plaited Eton suit of red and with a red hat, a red parasol, red slippers and silk stockings of the same shade her Dresden china colouring seems even lovelier than when she wears less striking costumes.
Carter was also very athletic and quite daring. One newspaper commented that "she was the first woman to play polo riding astride and the first woman to drive a four-in-hand (which is a carriage with four horses) through crowded Thames Street in Baltimore.
In about 1907, the Carter family went to live in Europe. They annually returned to the United States and lived in their mansion in Bryn Mawr during the summer with visits to Newport. It was on one of those return trips that they booked their passage on the RMS Titanic.
On board the Titanic
The Carters boarded the Titanic at Southampton. Accompanying the couple were their two children, Lucile Carter's maid Auguste Serepeca, William Carter's manservant Alexander Cairns, and the chauffeur Charles Aldworth. On the voyage, William Carter brought on board his now famous 25 horsepower Renault automobile. They occupied First Class Cabins B96/98.
The original story told in the press regarding the Carter family's experience of their ordeal was that William Carter came to the cabin and escorted his family to lifeboat 4. He then left this area with the other men who had taken their wives to this boat. These men were John Astor, George Widener and John Thayer. William Carter escaped from the Titanic on collapsible lifeboat C (along with Bruce Ismay) but the other three men were lost on the liner.
Carter gave details of what happened when she and her two children boarded Lifeboat 4. Her statement was as follows.
When I went over the side with my children and got in the boat there were no seamen in it. Then came a few men, but there were oars with no one to use them. The boat had been filled with passengers, and there was nothing else for me to do but to take an oar. We could see now that the time of the ship had come. She was sinking, and we were warned by cries from the men above to pull away from the ship quickly. Mrs. Thayer, wife of the vice-president of the Pennsylvania Railroad, was in my boat, and she, too, took an oar. It was cold and we had no time to clothe ourselves with warm overcoats. The rowing warmed me. We started to pull away from the ship. We could see the dim outlines of the decks above, but we could not recognize anybody.
She was acclaimed by the press later to have been one of the heroic women who rowed the heavy lifeboats.
Later years
Following their rescue by the RMS Carpathia, the family returned to "Gwenda", their mansion in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. Less than two years later, in January 1914, Carter filed for divorce. The divorce was granted on May 30, although no details were made public at the time. The following year it was sensationally revealed by the newspapers that the grounds for the divorce had been "cruel and barbarous treatment." Carter's sworn statement revealed that William Carter had not accompanied her and the children to Lifeboat 4 to ensure their safety:
We sailed for America on the Titanic. When the Titanic struck my husband came to our stateroom and said: 'Get up and dress yourself and the children'. I never saw him again until I arrived at the Carpathia at 8 o'clock the next morning, when I saw him leaning on the rail. All he said was that he had had a jolly good breakfast and that he never thought I would make it.
Second marriage
At a Philadelphia dinner party given by Mr. & Mrs. Edward Brooke, Carter met the host's brother, George Brooke Jr., a wealthy banker and steel manufacturer, and a bachelor in his mid-40s.
With her divorce finalized, Carter and her daughter departed for Europe in June 1914, intending to stay for a year. Edward Brooke, his wife and four children also spent that summer in Europe; brother George was to join them in August. When World War I broke out at the end of July, Carter and her daughter were caught in Paris. George Brooke arrived in London and tried to get to Paris, but wartime travel restrictions made it impossible. Instead, he arranged passage for Carter and her daughter to England. Rather than waiting until they returned to the United States, the couple married in London on August 16, 1914, with Brooke's brother and family and Carter's daughter in attendance. The whole group sailed almost immediately back to the United States on board the Olympic, the sister ship of the Titanic.
For the first two years of their marriage, the couple divided their time between a city house in Philadelphia; a country house in Birdsboro, Pennsylvania, "Brookewood", that Brooke had inherited from his late parents; and a rented summer cottage in Newport, Rhode Island. In Fall 1916, they rented a Radnor, Pennsylvania mansion, "Rock Rose". Carter's daughter Lucile made her Philadelphia society debut while they were living at "Rock Rose", but their stay was marred by a December 12 fire. The following December, the Brookes gathered in Birdsboro to celebrate Christmas. In the early hours of Christmas Day 1917, Brooke, Carter and the children were roused from their beds by a fire that destroyed "Brookewood". The couple bought a country house outside Birdsboro, "Clingan", that had belonged to a Brooke cousin; and "Isle Field" in Ithan, Pennsylvania, on Philadelphia's Main Line, which they renamed "Almondbury House".
Brooke and Carter had one child together, a daughter named Elizabeth Muhlenberg Brooke, born April 14, 1916. Later known as Elizabeth "Betty" Brooke Blake, she was living in Dallas, Texas as of April 2012, and died in Newport, Rhode Island, on August 8, 2016.
Death
Carter died of a heart attack on October 26, 1934 at Almondbury House. George Brooke sold the mansion and moved to an apartment in Haverford, Pennsylvania. He died twenty-nine years later. They are buried together in St. Michael's Cemetery in Birdsboro.
Gallery
See also
Passengers of the RMS Titanic
References
External links
Lucile Carter at Encyclopedia Titanica
1875 births
1934 deaths
American socialites
Burials in Pennsylvania
People from Baltimore
People from Philadelphia
People from Berks County, Pennsylvania
RMS Titanic survivors
Grabovica (, ) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. The name derivates from the word grab ("hornbeam"). According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 456 people.
Geography, climate and ecosystem
Grabovica is located 6 km from Gornji Milanovac. This village is dispersed settlement Rural type.
Main hamlets (or official they are called Cadastral community) in the village are:
Arnautići (meaning: Place of Inhabitants from Old Serbia territory),
Čokanja (meaning: Hill),
Parac (meaning: Nearness by town),
Rapaj Brdo (meaning: Turnip tump ) and
Votnjaci (meaning: Orchards).
Highest peaks in Grabovica are: Klik 721 m (2,365 ft), Veliki Vrh 691 m (2,267 ft), Mali Vrh 623 m (2,044 ft) and Parac 602 m (1975 ft).
Grabovica, like Gornji Milanovac has Humid continental climate. The hottest months of the year are July and August, while the coldest are January and February. Absolute maximum in air temperature range is on July 6, 1950 and absolute minimum is on February 17, 1956. The average annual precipitation height is in the range of 788 mm (31.02 in). The most precipitation falls in period April–June and the least in October–February. Average snow cover stays for period of 160–190 days. Minimum mean wind speed is 1.7–2.6 m/s (3.11–5.05 knots) and maximum 13.8–20.7 m/s (26.83–40.24 knots). The maximum speed occurs here with southeastern, southwestern and southern winds. Annual average daily global sun radiation energy on a horizontal surface of municipality Gornji Milanovac is between 3.8–4.0 kWh/m (0.33-0.35 BTU/ft). Average recorded emission of CO2 is 0.52 tons. Relative humidity is 85% average in winter periods and 78.5 average in summer periods.
In this village there are various water resources. As proof of that, there are numerous water wells. Soil on its territory is in the majority of brown earth on diabase. Vegetation period lasts 220–260 days. Forest vegetation makes 2/3 of total area and contains hornbeam, pilar, oak, acacia, etc. Plant vegetation consists of meadow grass (in majority), meadows and grassland. As for November 2015 and changes of the settlements territory boundaries of this village through this village circulate smaller Grabovica river and to a lesser part on the north of the territory, rivers: Glogovac and Gruža.
History
There are several sites in Grabovica from the Roman and Byzantine eras. There are Roman archaeological sites in the hamlet of Arnauti-Kršić, some "Hungarian" sites (as local people calls them), and a church from the period of Austrian occupation of Serbia (1718-1739) in Parac. Radič Postupović (1413–1441), the senior aristocrat of the Serbian Despotate, founded the Monastery of the Great Annunciation (Veliko Blagoveštenje) in the village of Grabovica, sometime before 1429–30. These monuments were demolished when the area underwent colonisation. In 1718 there were no households in Grabovica. According to Dr Milenko S. Filipović larger settlements begun from the period 1718–1739. In 1735 there were 15 households. The inhabitants were mainly settled from the Ottoman regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and southwestern Serbia. The village saw industrial progress in the 60's through the 90's breakup of Yugoslavia. In the period 1961, Grabovica had the biggest population of 897 citizens. In that period (1955-1999) major immigration came from Montenegro, Croatia, Kosovo and Metohija and some parts of Raška region. Decreasing trend of population number happened in period 1971–2002, shows census data Also, Grabovica had a public owned Agricultural cooperative in the period from '40s to the late '70s. They were specialized for redemption of wool, cereals, milk, eggs, crops, fruits and vegetables. Their head office were in place of today Cultural, Administration, Information and Assembly Center (CAIAC) of the settlement Grabovica. At the beginning of the '80s Grabovica Agriculture Cooperation merged with other Gornji Milanovac agriculture enterprises and function as member and partner of Gornji Milanovac big PIK "Takovo" (today "Swisslion Takovo" Concern) and other food industry across former Yugoslavia.
Demographics
There are 148 households in this village and the number decreases, because of a bad economic situation. According to the date from 2011 census, in this village population by nationality is:
Serbs- 455
Unknown- 1
As regard as mother language, population is distributed in the next way:
Serbian language - 453
Croatian language- 1
Unknown- 2
In the village Grabovica, structure of the population by age and sex is what it follows:
Sports
During winter times on Ždreban peak, recreational skiers and other athletes use some paths for their exercises. Grabovica has 2 ball open parks for recreation purpose:3x3 Basketball, Basketball, Tennis, Track racing, Snooker, Futsal, Handball and Table tennis. Grabovica, today have newly formed football club FK Sparta Grabovica which was established in June 2015. This football club does not have its own football stadium, but the settlement council promised to realize that initiative in the periods ahead.
Tourism and culture
Grabovica has great potential for progress in the area of tourism, thanks to their geographical position and panorama view over Gornji Milanovac and surroundings. Grabovica woods are popular for hunting on venison. The Ždreban peak of Grabovica is also and famous picnic place for 1 May celebration or International Workers' Day, even today. This village has a few privately owned country hotels.
Grabovica has a Youth Culture and information center, currently under reconstruction. The plan is to build a modern center of the village with diversity of information (such as new tourist signs; information service; web page incorporated in Gornji Milanovac tourist organization web site for touristic purposes; hydro-meteorological, daily radiation, information about the concentration of allergens in the air; about road conditions and advice). This cultural center is the main place for gathering like for: organization of voting and referendums, youth parties, culture exposure, humanitarian actions, trading, family register, social-tax evidence and public session of the village citizens. Also in the past on the land of territory of this village was and the House of Serbian-Norwegian friendship. After new internal borders in municipality of Gornji Milanovac, this cultural center become a part of Gornji Milanovac settlement. Also there is mass grave with the monument for the fallen soldiers of the Austro-Hungarian Army and Serbian Royal Army on the same place (from the World War I). On the peak of Ždreban (Engl. Foal) there are ruins of a planned Children Rehabilitation hospital (1950) but investments were insufficient, and there is no planned construction.
Through the winter, spring and summer periods in the areas of Grabovica hamlets, quad bikes tours (ATV tour) are being organized. This automotive sport adventure is more popular among the local population and tourist who visit municipality of Gornji Milanovac.
Also, Grabovica offers to the lovers of night sky great view of the stars (November–February and July–August), clean air and a diversity of ecosystem. In some parts of this village configuration of the terrain offers (in Parac) a panorama view on Gornji Milanovac and surrounding settlements.
Feast of the Ascension is the village patron day. During that celebration people of this village gathers for the launch or barbecue with their other family members and friends. Some residents donate food to the poor population of Gornji Milanovac.
Notable people
Grabovica had/has several notable residents:
Milomir Marić, Serbian journalist, writer, and television presenter;
Economy
Many residents depends on from Gornji Milanovac industry and economy. Many of them works in the following economic sectors:
Secondary sector- 106,
Primary sector- 35,
Tertiary sector- 48 and
Unknown- 4.
Infrastructure
Through this village passes Road 177 and Regional bypass road Gornji Milanovac-Grabovica-Knić-Kragujevac. Also, the major road that is passing through the village, connecting other hamlets of Grabovica and center of municipality Gornji Milanovac and in the same time it is a detour, is marked L-12 (mark "L" stands for "Local road"). The nearest path to the center of the municipality is 6.3 km (3.91 mi). Also turn to state highways E-763 (class Ia) is close by Grabovica. In sense of use civilian airports, the nearest one is Morava Airport (local road L18-Lunjevica, Gornja Trepča, interpasses E-763 at Mrčajevci to Ladjevci).
This village is connected to Water supply network Banjani (local supply) and Rzav (Moravica district regional supplier). Also, Grabovica is interconnected with Gornji Milanovac local supplier JP "Grejanje" of the natural gas network. As for internet infrastructure, residents of this village are connected by ADSL and it is in planned to set up one up steaming receiver for MMDS. On its terrain, Grabovica has one radio-television repeater and all residents are connected to the landline and mobile telephony. Major households in Grabovica are connected to municipality sewerage and waste systems, while in the other parts users are connected on own cesspits which are regularly maintained independently or by waste and water management company JKP Gornji Milanovac.
Gallery
Neighboring settlements with Grabovica
Grabovica is bordering with:
External links
Gornji Milanovac Settlement's council pages
Tourist Organisation of the Municipality of Gornji Milanovac
Weather forecast for Grabovica-Gornji Milanovac
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Dur Mohammad Kasi () is a television producer television Director and documentary filmmaker. He was born on 10 March 1946 in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan in a Kassi Pashtun family.
He achieved the best producer of PTV Award for documentary. He visited in connection with documentaries training to the South Korea, Netherlands. He served in PTV as a producer and a director. He was promoted to a Program Manager in 1984, and General Manager in 1989. He retired from his position on 10 March 2006.
Besides his other works,he wrote and composed Short Stories in Pashto.Details of the anthologies are as given below;
Khudai Yaw Malge traveخداے يو مالګې تروۍ
Darshal درشل
Post Martamپوسټ مارټم
Kota awr Kasi کویٹہ اورکاسی تین جلد
The Art of Documentary Production
Tar Gul Nnazak(Poetry)تر ګل نازك
Notable documentaries on PTV
Gul Zameen
Caves in Balochistan
Wadih-e-Bolan
Zarghoon
Shaheen Ka Jahan aur
Wadi-e-Bolan
Notable drama serials on PTV
Barff ks Sooraj
Deeway
Sor Lmar
Bandi Galai
Palwasha.
References
External links
12. Stormy Wind
Dur Mohammed Kassi ]
Living people
Pashtun people
1946 births
Pakistani documentary filmmakers
People from Quetta
PTV Award winners
The dragons play a significant role in the legendary accounts of Meitei folklore, Meitei literature, Meitei mythology and Meitei religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur), Medieval Kangleipak (Medieval Manipur) and Modern Kangleipak (Modern Manipur).
List
Hiyang Hiren
The Hiyang Hiren () is said to be a well furnished race boat. This is often built in the shape of a dragon. Many legends say that it possesses spiritual powers.
Nongshaba
Nongshaba, the dragon lion, is also known as Kanglasha, the dragon of the Kangla, the city of Ancient Manipur. He is a child of Atingkok, the Supreme Being. Unlike his siblings, he always remains in the form of the mythical beast rather than that of a God (human figure).
Pakhangba
Pakhangba is the youngest son of Leimarel Sidabi, the supreme mother earth goddess. He was given the throne of the universe to protect and rule the world by Atingkok, his father. He could change himself into both a serpentine dragon and a human. Several legends revolve around his identity as an ancient historical figure.
Poubi Lai
Poubi Lai is the tyrant dragon serpent of the primitive Loktak lake. It is one of the popular figures in Meitei folklore and mythology. There are many stories about this huge dragon, who once gained its fame through its notorious nature.
Taoroinai
Taoroinai () is a mythical dragon serpent, who lives in the cosmic ocean. It is known for bringing down the divine celestial egg (nonglum) down to earth.
Gallery
See also
Chinese dragon
European dragon
Japanese dragon
Korean dragon
References
Meitei culture
Meitei dragons
Meitei folklore
Meitei mythology
Rubies of Eventide was a free to play (donation-funded) massively multiplayer online role-playing game previously published by American studio Mnemosyne, LLC. Powered by the Lithtech Jupiter engine, Rubies of Eventide is set in the medieval fantasy world of Vormis represented by a 3D world. The game launched in June 2003, shut down and restarted and after 6 years, ceased operation in August 2009.
History
CyberWarrior, Inc. launched Rubies of Eventide on 2 June 2003 as a paid service. Citing low subscription rates, CyberWarrior announced that the game would cease operations in December, 2003 but later managed to secure additional funding for some months. Later, two former CyberWarrior developers, together with the founder of the game, set up a private server to play the game with close friends and relatives, but found that some hardcore fans managed to hook themselves to their connection. After leasing the game to Mnemosyne, LLC. in 2004, the game continued to operate on a donation-based model. Players were able to start and play accounts for free (with limited server space), while patrons gain priority in game access during peak usage, and certain in-game benefits.
References
External links
Rubies of Eventide Review on MMOHub.org
Tman's Rubies of Eventide Fansite
2003 video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
LithTech games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
The Office of Historical Corrections is a short story collection by American writer Danielle Evans. Published by Riverhead Books on November 10, 2020, the collection consists of six short stories and a novella (after which the collection is named) that deal with topics of race, loss, legacy and loneliness in America. It was nominated for The Story Prize and the Chautauqua Prize, and received the 2021 Joyce Carol Oates Literary Prize.
Stories
Happily Ever After, a woman struggles with the legacy of cancer in her family.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain, a photojournalist attends the wedding of a man she accidentally met, and is met with deep suspicion by the bride who believes she might have had an affair with the groom.
Boys Go to Jupiter, a white teenager becomes embroiled in a scandal at her university when a picture of her in a confederate flag bikini goes viral.
Alcatraz, a woman tries to cheer up her mother after she loses a court battle to clear her grandfather's name by reconnecting with the white family members she was separated from as a child.
Why Won't Women Just Say What They Want, a misogynistic artist issues a series of public apologies to the women he has wronged.
Anything Could Disappear, a young woman relocating to New York City to start a new life in the midst of the Great Recession hits a speed bump when a complete stranger abandons her placid baby with her.
The Office of Historical Corrections (novella), a D.C. woman works for the Institute of Public History, jokingly nicknamed The Office of Historical Corrections, trying to combat the epidemic of misinformation in American society. When she is sent to Wisconsin on a mission to amend her ex-co-worker's correction she ends up uncovering the dark truth of one family's past.
Themes
The book's stories center apologies, corrections, and "making things right", per the author Danielle Evans.
Publication
2021. The Office of Historical Corrections, Danielle Evans, Riverhead Books. Pub date 2020 November 10, hardcover .
Reception
The collection was widely praised for Evans deft handling of the themes of the work. The New York Times praised the collection as weaving together "Melvillian mundanity with melodramatic suspense". In a starred review Kirkus Reviews praised the collection as a whole calling the stories "[n]ecessary narratives, brilliantly crafted". Ian MacAllen of the Chicago Review of Books applauded the writing as "tightly structured, compact and efficient, driven by wry wit and Evans's keen observations." Chaya Bhuvaneswar reviewed The Office of Historical Collections in the Washington Post: "this book will make readers face the news with renewed emotion, emotion all the more potent for the devastation that history has wrought on Evans's characters, and on all of us."
Two stories were previously included in The Best American Short Stories anthologies.
Accolades
2020 - O Magazine 20 Best Books of 2020
2020 - The Story Prize, Finalist
2021 - Aspen Words Literary Prize, Finalist
2021 - The Chautauqua Prize, Finalist
2021 - Joyce Carol Oates Literary Prize, Winner
References
External links
The Office of Historical Collections on Penguin Random House
2020 short story collections
Literature by African-American women
American short story collections
Riverhead Books books
Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs () is a German academic journal. The internationally refereed journal focuses on political, economic and social developments in Brunei, East Timor, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
Editor
The Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs, first published in 1982 as Südostasien aktuell is edited by the GIGA Institute of Asian Studies (GIGA Institut für Asien-Studien). The journal, published three times a year, is part of the GIGA Journal Family of the German Institute for Global and Area Studies in Hamburg. The journal's editorial board is led by Marco Bünte, Andreas Ufen, and David Camroux.
The GIGA Journal Family is funded by the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, DFG) as a pilot project in open-access publishing. Since the beginning of 2009 the Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs and the other socio-scientific journals of the German Institute for Global and Area Studies have been transformed into open-access journals. The institute also continues to publish print versions of all journals.
Journal concept
The Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs provides in-depth analyses of current issues in political, social and economic life; culture; and development in Southeast Asia, as well as information on the regional organization ASEAN and its relations with the great powers of the region. In addition, special background analyses examine important events in accordance with their respective contexts.
The Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs reaches a broad readership in academic, administration and business circles, but it is also intended for practitioners and general readers interested in Southeast Asia. The journal is included in the collections of various public and university libraries in Germany as well as overseas. To ensure the journal's quality, essays are evaluated in a double-blind peer-review process.
References
External links
Journal of Current Southeast Asian Affairs
GIGA Journal Family
German Institute for Global and Area Studies
Publications established in 1982
Triannual journals
Political science journals
English-language journals
German-language journals
1982 establishments in Germany
Gaetano Stefano Bartolozzi (1757–1821) was an Italian engraver, art dealer, and merchant. He was the son of the famous engraver Francesco Bartolozzi, a friend of Joseph Haydn, the husband of the outstanding pianist Theresa Jansen, and the father of the celebrated actress and theatre manager Lucia Elizabeth Vestris.
See also
Theresa Jansen Bartolozzi
References
1757 births
1821 deaths
Italian engravers
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Bartolozzi family
Mentmore is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire, England. It is about three miles east of Wingrave, three miles south east of Wing.
The village toponym is derived from the Old English for "Menta's moor". The Domesday Book of 1086 records the village as Mentmore.
Queen Edith, the daughter of Earl Godwin and wife of King Edward the Confessor had a hunting lodge at Mentmore, between the site of the present Mentmore Towers and the hamlet of Crafton at a site known as Berrystead. The well of this lodge is marked today by a wood still known as Prilow, derived from the Norman French pres l'ieu ("near the water").
In 1808 Magna Britannia reported:
MENTMORE, in the hundred of Cotslow and deanery of Muresley, lies about eight miles to the north-east of Aylesbury. The manor was anciently in the families of Bussel and Zouche: in 1490 it was granted to Sir Reginald Bray, from whom it descended, by a female heir, to the family of Sandys: in 1729, it was purchased with the manor of Leadbourne, by Lord Viscount Limerick, of a Mr. Legoe, who inherited them from the family of Wigg. They are now the property of Richard Bard Harcourt esq. who purchased them of Lord Limerick's son, James Earl of Clanbrassil. In the church are some memorials of the families of Theed and Wigg.The impropriate rectory, which was given by the Bussells to the priory of St. Bartholomew, in Smithfield, is now the property of Mr. Harcourt, who is patron of the vicarage.''
The Church of England parish church of St Mary the Virgin dates from the 14th century. It contains monuments to the Wigg and Theed families and one to Neil Primrose. It is a simple structure of three aisles and a clerestory. It was heavily restored by the Rothschild family in the 19th century. The tower has a ring of five bells, which were recently restored.
The village manor house, built by the Wigg family as a 16th-century half timbered structure, was re-faced in redbrick, with a Georgian front extension in the mid-18th century. The Wiggs were lords of the manor from the 16th to 18th centuries.
The ownership eventually passed to the Harcourt or D'Harcourt families, until it was brought in 1850 from the trustees of three Harcourt sisters who had been left insolvent on the death of their father. The purchaser was Baron Mayer de Rothschild.
The Baron employed the leading architect of the day Joseph Paxton to build a new grandiose mansion; the site chosen because of its fine elevation, was that of the village itself. To a Rothschild this was no problem, the village was moved to the site it occupies today. In fairness to the Baron the villagers were living in semi-derelict hovels, and were probably only too pleased to be rehoused.
The plan chosen for the new village was "Tudor meets Victorian" around a village green and mansion gates.
While Paxton and his son-in-law George Stokes worked on the mansion later to be known as Mentmore Towers, George Stokes also designed the first cottages for the new Mentmore. On the death of Baron Mayer in 1877 his heiress Hannah de Rothschild continued the building of the village using another architect George Devey (his work was a forerunner of the arts and crafts movement). These houses can be identified by the 'H de R' cypher on their gables. After her marriage to the 5th Earl of Rosebery the building continued with another architect John Aspell; his work appears similar to that of Devey, but has less refinement and is clearly of a cheaper construction. The Old Post office in the centre of a block of housing is clearly Devy's work, yet the houses adjoining are clearly of the lesser hand. The picturesque style Thatched or South Lodge is another of Devey's work, as is the former riding school with its stable yard – (now a housing complex).
Of particular note, is the cottage orné style Old Dairy; this building was designed by George Stokes in 1859, it is a pastiche of the Hameau de la Reine at Versailles. While intended as a functioning dairy, its verandas were also designed as a setting for Baroness Mayer de Rothschild's afternoon tea parties. This is one of the last buildings still to be owned by the Rosebery Estate and was restored in 2007.
At this time Anglo Saxon remains were found near the site of the present front drive of Mentmore Towers. The drives to the mansion are the original public highways, which were also re-routed at this time.
By 1880 the village and its new approach roads were more or less finished and looked much as they do today. The late 6th Earl of Rosebery who died in 1974 was fond of saying nothing had been built in Mentmore in his lifetime. While this was not strictly true, as both he and his father had built stable blocks at the stud farms, one could believe what he said. The only buildings not owned by him were the church and the vicarage. The vicarage, an austere high gabled Victorian building, built in the 1880s, was sold by the Church Commissioners in the 1960s and is now a private house.
In 1977, Towers, village and farms were put up for sale in their entirety. Today the village retains much of its Victorian character. The stable blocks are now developments of new housing, and executive style homes have been built in the village, yet Mentmore still appears predominantly unchanged.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Brigadier General Mohammad Daoud Al-Abbasi known as Al-Za'eem Mohammad Daoud (الزعيم محمد داود; 11 July 1914 – 19 January 1972), was appointed the 19th Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the military government in Jordan during the events of Black September in Jordan in 1970.
Early life
Mohammad Daoud was born in Silwan, Jerusalem, Palestine (region). He worked as a police officer in Tulkarm which was a part of Jordan until after 1948.
In 1952, he became a member of the Jordanian delegation of the Jordanian/Israeli Mixed Armistice Commission. He held the position of Presidency of the joint Jordanian delegation in 1958 until the war of 1967. In 1956 he was wounded by a mine. He was rescued by Israeli officer, Aharon Camara, because the Jordanians officers were scared to enter the mine field. In 1967 war he was taken to jail by the Israeli army for 17 days then was released to Amman, Jordan. He continued working as a head of the Jordanian/Israeli Mixed Armistice Commission until 1970. In 1969 he got permission to enter Israel for the funeral of his wife.
Black September
On September 16, 1970, King Hussein of Jordan declared martial law and appointed Brigadier Mohammad Daoud as Prime Minister to lead the first military government in Jordan. Despite efforts to defuse the tension between the Jordanian army and the Palestinian movements, between 16 and 25 September 1970, the escalating conflict resulted in the death of thousands and this conflict became known as Black September.
An Arab League Summit Committee assigned Kuwaiti Minister of Defense Saad Al-Sabah, Sudanese head of state Gaafar Nimeiry, and the Deputy Foreign Minister of Saudi Arabia, Omar Al-Saqqaf to investigate and report back the cause of the clash to the Arab summit. Meanwhile, the Arab League held a meeting for all the head of Arab states in Cairo.
King Hussein assigned Mohammad Daoud to join the summit. After 10 days only as a prime minister, on 24 September, out of frustration and pressure after being unable to avoid this developing conflict and the devastating results, Mohammad Daoud submitted his resignation from his position to the Jordanian Ambassador in Cairo, Hazem Nuseibah.
Mohammad Daoud requested political asylum in Cairo, following his resignation. President Gamal Abdel Nasser of Egypt asked Mohammad Daoud to stay in Cairo for consultation of Jordanian affairs.
The timing of this resignation amidst all the turbulent and rapidly developing events at that time came as a surprise to many, and there is no doubt that it had a dramatic impact in ending the military conflict in Jordan at a faster pace.
Illness and death
Mohammad Daoud was hospitalized in Cairo towards the end of 1971 being diagnosed with a brain tumor, and was sent later to Paris to undergo brain surgery. Then he asked to be treated in Hadassah hospital in Jerusalem, and he was granted permission, but he could not make it. On 10 January 1972, he returned to the Military Hospital in Amman, Jordan and died 9 days later, on Wednesday 19 January.
His body was transferred from Amman to Jerusalem through Allenby Bridge after a formal funeral ceremony. A prayer was conducted at al-Aqsa mosque on Friday, 21 January 1972. He was buried at his home town Silwan as he had wished, the town where he was born and originally grew up.
References
Prime Ministers of Jordan
Foreign ministers of Jordan
Jordanian people of Palestinian descent
People from Jerusalem
1914 births
1972 deaths
Podreber () is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Podreber at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Carolyn Allison Rodrigues-Birkett (born September 16, 1973) is a Guyanese politician who was appointed Permanent Representative of Guyana to the United Nations in 2020. She previously served as Director of the Food and Agriculture Organization Liaison Office in Geneva from 2017 to 2020 and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Guyana from 2008 to 2015.
Life and career
Rodrigues, an Amerindian, was born in Moruca, Santa Rosa, Barima-Waini Region. After attending a private school in Georgetown, she received a scholarship for Amerindians and went to study business administration at the University of Regina in Canada and returned to Guyana in 1993. She was required by her scholarship to work for Amerindian communities, and as a result she left the lumber company where she worked and instead went to work for the Inter-American Development Bank's Social Impact Amelioration Programme (SIMAP) in Guyana, although this meant 65% less pay. She became Coordinator of SIMAP's Amerindian Projects Programme, holding that post until 2001, when she went to study in social work at the University of Guyana.
Rodrigues was appointed to the Cabinet as Minister of Amerindian Affairs in April 2001. Following the 2006 general election, she was reappointed as Minister of Amerindian Affairs and sworn in on 4 September 2006. After nearly seven years as Minister of Amerindian Affairs, she was succeeded by Pauline Campbell-Sukhai on 4 January 2008. She was then appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs on 9 April 2008, replacing Rudy Insanally. She was sworn in on April 10.
Rodrigues continued to serve as Minister of Foreign Affairs until the People's Progressive Party (PPP) lost the May 2015 general election. She was subsequently offered a spot on the PPP's list of MPs, but she chose not to take a seat in the National Assembly, preferring to work abroad. She was appointed Director of the Food and Agriculture Organization Liaison Office with the United Nations in Geneva in August 2017, and Permanent Representative of Guyana to the United Nations in 2020.
References
1973 births
Living people
Female foreign ministers
Foreign ministers of Guyana
Government ministers of Guyana
Guyanese women in politics
People from Barima-Waini
University of Regina alumni
University of Guyana alumni
Guyanese people of indigenous peoples descent
The University of Otago maintains three schools of medicine. The term "University of Otago School of Medicine" would normally refer to the medical school at its main campus:
University of Otago Dunedin School of Medicine
It may, however, also refer to either of the university's other two medical campuses:
University of Otago Christchurch School of Medicine
University of Otago Wellington School of Medicine
Arthur Champneys (c. 1658-1724) of Raleigh House in the parish of Pilton, Devon, and of Love Lane in the City of London, England, was a wealthy merchant and a Member of Parliament for Barnstaple (near Pilton), in Devon, from 1690 to 1705.
Origins
Sign at entrance to today's "Cogworthy Farm", anciently the mansion house of "Cockworthy", seat of the de Cockworthy family, lords of the manor of Yarnscombe and later of the Champneys family]]
He was a younger son of John Champneys (1605-1681) of Cockworthy (today "Cogworthy" Farm) in the parish of Yarnscombe, Devon, educated at Oxford University, whose mural monument formerly existed in Yarnscombe Church, by his second wife Anne Upton, 3rd daughter of John Upton (1590-1641) of Lupton in the parish of Brixham, Devon, an MP for Dartmouth in Devon. Anne's mother was Dorothy Rous (or Rowse) (d. 1644), a daughter of Sir Anthony Rous (c. 1555-1620), MP, of Halton Barton (one of Cornwall's richest residents) and sister of Francis Rous (1579-1659), MP and theologian.
Career
Champneys' election as one of the two MPs for Barnstaple was due to his having in 1689 purchased the important manor of Raleigh in the parish of Pilton, adjoining the town of Barnstaple, from Sir Arthur Chichester, 3rd Baronet, whom he succeeded as MP for Barnstaple in 1690. The manor of Raleigh controlled the electorate of at least one seat within the Rotten Borough, and until 1566 the Chichester family had been lords of the manor of "Barnstaple Castle Manor" or "Castle Court". In 1703 Champneys sold Raleigh to Sir Nicholas Hooper (1654–1731), his fellow MP for Barnstaple in 1701.
Marriage and children
He married Hannah Ingram (1673-1693), a daughter of Sir Arthur Ingram (1617-1681), of the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn, City of London, and of Bucknall, Lincolnshire, knight, a merchant, a Citizen of the City of London and a member of the Spanish Company, which was very active in Barnstaple. One of her sisters Anne Ingram married Nathaniel Herne (1668-1722), MP for Dartmouth 1699-1713 and nephew of Sir Joseph Herne, Governor of the East India Company 1690–2. Another of her sisters Philadelphia Ingram married a son of Sir Robert Barnham, 1st Baronet (MP Maidstone, 1660, 1661–79). Hannah died aged 20, leaving one daughter.
Death and burial
He died in 1724 in London and was buried on 2 April 1724 at the Church of St Dionis Backchurch (demolished 1878) in the City of London. The large mural monument to his father-in-law in the chancel of that church made reference to him as follows:
Near this place lies the body of Sir Arthur Ingram, knt. Spanish Merchant, and Citizen of London, descended from a family in Lincolnshire. He died Sept. 12, an. Dom. 1681, aet suae 64, leaving behind him a mournful widow, Dame Anne Ingram, daughter of William Lowfield, citizen of London, and four young children; viz. Robert, Arthur, Hannah, and Anne. Also the body of the above-said Hannah, who married Arthur Champneys, of Raliegh, (sic) in Devon, Esq. and leaving one daughter, died May 1, A. D. 1693, aetat. suae 20. Also the body of the above-said Dame Anne Ingram; who, continuing a widow, and performing all other acts of love and tenderness to her children, died truly and heartily lamented by them, March 29, A. D. 1702, aet. suae 59; to whose memory her two sons, Robert and Arthur, have erected this monument. Also, the body of the above-said Robert Ingram, esq. who died June 11, 1745, aetat. 76. Also the body of the above said Arthur Ingram, esq. who died May 29, 1749, aet. 77. Durum sed levius fit patientia quicquid corrigere est nefas. Thy will be done !
References
Sources
Cruickshanks, Eveline, biography of "Champneys, Arthur (c.1658-1724), of Raleigh House, nr. Barnstaple, Devon and Love Lane, London", published in History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1690-1715, ed. D. Hayton, E. Cruickshanks, S. Handley, 2002 CHAMPNEYS, Arthur (c.1658-1724), of Raleigh House, nr. Barnstaple, Devon and Love Lane, London | History of Parliament Online
1724 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Barnstaple
1650s births
The Ludwigshafener Ruderverein von 1878 is the only rowing club in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany and also one of the oldest sport club of the city. It was founded in 1878 in Ludwigshafen and at the beginning of the year 2013 the rowing club has 289 members. The Ludwigshafener Ruderverein is member of the national rowing association of Rhineland-Palatinate and in the German rowing association.
History
Early years: 1878–2000
The Ludwigshafener Ruderverein was founded at August 1, 1878. In the first meeting of members elected the 16 founding members C. H. Andersen to the first chairman of the club. Andersen was also the person who, as former member of a rowing club of Hamburg, push the foundation of the club.
In the first years the number of members rise an in 1898 the boatshouse in Ludwigshafen konnte eingeweiht werden. At the second olympic games in Paris in 1900 the coxed four of Ludwigshafen could win the bronze medal. Twelve years later in 1912 Hermann Wilker, Otto Fickeisen, Rudolf Fickeisen, Albert Arnheiter and cox Otto Maier could win the gold medal at the olympic games in Stockholm. The World War I stopped the development of the rowing club and the normal rowing life started first in 1921.
In 1936 Paul Söllner won the next gold medal in the coxed four in cooperation with rowers from the rowing club of Mannheim. In the World War II 57 members of the club fallen and the boatshouse were destroyed completely by the air attacks on the city of Ludwigshafen and the chemical plants in Ludwigshafen.
After the war the Ludwigshafener Ruderverein was the first refounded rowing club in the French occupation zone. The boatshouse must be rebuilt and in 1947 the first win on a national regatta could be announced.
In 1972 Alois Bierl win the gold medal at the olympic games in Munich in the coxed four and Winfried Ringwald receipt the fifth place with the German eight.
Later in the nineties the woman rowing was very successful. Beate Brühe receipt together with Andrea Klapeck the fourth place at the world championships 1991 in the quadruple four. Three years later Andrea Klapeck became worldchampion in the eight and was also member of the German rowing crew for the olympic games in 1996 in Atlanta. In the division of the woman lightweights Karin Stephan achieved at the worldchampionsships in 1998 the silver medal and in 2000 the gold medal.
2013–present
In the years 2000 to 2005 Sandra Schnitzer, Anja Hannöver and Martin and Jochen Kühner were the most successful athletes on national and international competitions. In the recent past the rowing club of Ludwigshafen focused on training and education of young rowers and could send respectively one young athlete to the World Rowing Junior Championships in 2010 and 2011.
In the years 2009 and 2010 the Ludwigshafener Ruderverein provided in cooperation with the Mannheimer Ruderclub an eight for the German premier league of rowing.
Furthermore the club was very successful in the masters division. In the last years Detlev Jantz and Jürgen Hock could win many titles at the FISA World Rowing Masters and crews from the Ludwigshafener Ruderverein could achieve one victory in 2012 and good positions in the other years at the longest non-stop rowing competition of the world, the Tour du Lac Léman.
Location
The boatshouse of the Ludwigshafener Ruderverein is located in the center of Ludwigshafen beside the river Rhine. The nearby located harbor "Luitpoldhafen" will be used for training beginners and work out.
Since April 2006 in the boatshouse is resided the italien restaurant “Ristorante Della Bona” and after the reconstruction of the building in 2007 and 2008 there is an information area in the upper floor for the arising district “Rheinufer Süd” around the club.
An ample area near Altrip also belongs to the club. It is used especially for training beginners and for leisure activities of the club.
Honours
Olympic Games
World Rowing Championships
References
External links
Website of the rowing club
Rowing clubs in Germany
Sport clubs established in 1878
Sport in Ludwigshafen
1878 establishments in Germany
Freddie 'Fingers' Lee (24 November 1937 – 13 January 2014) (born Frederick John Cheesman) was a British singer, guitarist and pianist. His repertoire ranged from rock and roll, rockabilly and country music. He was known for his wild antics on stage, which sometimes included destroying a piano with an axe or chainsaw.
Biography
Born in Consett, Durham in 1937, Lee lost his right eye following an accident with a dart thrown by his father. He would later sometimes cover this eye with a pirate patch. Working as a scaffolder in London in the mid-1950s he taught himself to play his landlady's piano.
His music career began in the late 1950s as the guitarist of a skiffle band. His music direction was influenced by Jerry Lee Lewis and he later said, "when I was a child I was impressed by Winifred Atwell who played piano and I did not think we could play this instrument as did Jerry Lee Lewis." He then joined Screaming Lord Sutch as pianist beside the young Ritchie Blackmore on guitar. He then toured with Eden Kane, Cliff Richard and Marty Wilde.
In 1960 he became the guitarist for the Screaming Lord Sutch and the Savages - it was Sutch who gave him his nickname - but moved to piano after Ritchie Blackmore joined the band. He often wore an eye patch over his right eye.
In the 1960s, Lee made many tours across Europe. Playing in the Star-Club in Hamburg, he met the Beatles and later said, "I am from the same background as them, the working class with the same ideal." He also played with many of his heroes including Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Gene Vincent and the Crickets.
Forming his own band in 1965, an early member was Ian Hunter, later to form Mott The Hoople. He released the singles "The Friendly Undertaker" (1965) and "Bossy Boss" (1966). His stage antics continued - with pianos destroyed with chainsaws and explosives.
In 1978 Lee joined Jack Good's revival of his successful 1950s show Oh Boy!. It was during this show that Lee took to wearing an eye patch. Lee was a notable performer on the show and made a star of Shakin' Stevens. Lee also released two albums, Freddie Fingers Lee (1978) and Ol' One-Eye's Back (1979). Lee appeared in the 1980 film Blue Suede Shoes which detailed the revival of 1950s rock 'n' roll music scene at the time. He destroys a piano at the end of his song with an axe.
Throughout the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s Lee made many appearances at rock and roll clubs and festivals and played extensively across Europe. He suffered two strokes in 2002 and 2006 which ended his stage career.
Death
Forced to retire from live stage appearance, Lee died on 13 January 2014 at the age of 76 from pneumonia in Newcastle , England.
References
1937 births
2014 deaths
Deaths from pneumonia in England
British rockabilly musicians
The black-throated wren (Pheugopedius atrogularis) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The black-throated wren was previously treated as conspecific with the sooty-headed wren (Pheugopedius spadix) but significant differences in their plumage, song, and ranges demanded their separation. The species is monotypic.
Description
The black-throated wren is long; males weigh and females . Adults have dark reddish brown crowns and upperparts that are redder on the rump. Their tails are blackish brown with faint buffy markings on the other feathers. Much of the face is black with white markings. The chin, throat, and upper chest are black, the mid-chest is reddish brown, and the lower chest and belly are reddish chestnut. Juveniles are essentially dull dark brown overall, with less contrast between the upper- and underparts than the adults.
Distribution and habitat
The black-throated wren was long thought to be found from southeastern Nicaragua through eastern Costa Rica into western Panama. However, starting in 2010 the species has been observed in northern Nicaragua and eastern Honduras. It inhabits lowland and foothill forest, especially second growth, and is often associated with water.
Behavior
Feeding
The black-throated wren forages near the ground in dense vegetation. Its diet has not been extensively documented but it appears to be mostly insects and spiders.
Breeding
Very little has been published about the black-throated wren's breeding phenology. Its breeding season in Costa Rica appears to span from April or May into August.
Vocalization
The black-throated wren's song is "a distinctive series of rich whistles ending in a trill" . Its calls include "a fast, nasal to wooden rattling 'praaaaht'" and a "guttural rolling 'beewr' or 'bweeurr'".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the black-throated wren as being of The Least Concern. However, "[its] population is suspected to be in decline owing to ongoing habitat destruction and fragmentation."
References
black-throated wren
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
black-throated wren
black-throated wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
HMS Snowdrop was a of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War.
She was built at Smiths Dock Co., Ltd. South Bank on Tees and launched on 12 May 1941. She was sold on 17 May 1947 and scrapped on the Tyne in September 1949.
References
External links
HMS Snowdrop
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Navy
1941 ships
Juan Miguel Villar, known as Tali Goya, or simply Goya is a Dominican Latin trap rapper raised in New York City. He was influenced by artist such as Jay-Z, Eminem and 50 Cent, as well as gangsta rap.
Career
He has been dubbed as one of the primary exponents of hip hop in Latin America. Some of his most successful songs are "Papi Goya", "Rico", "Whip It", "El Derecho", and "Gozza Gozza", which has received over one million views on YouTube. He has collaborated with artists such as Bad Bunny, Arcángel, Fetty Wap, Remyboy Monty, Duki, Khea, Cazzu, Neo Pistea, and others. He garnered attention of the urban music community with his song "Flow Cabrón" with Arcángel.
He started out as a member of the duo Tali & Messiah with fellow New York rapper Messiah.
References
Latin trap musicians
Dominican Republic hip hop musicians
1990 births
Living people
World Athletics Label Road Races are races that the World Athletics (until 2019: IAAF) designates as one of the "leading road races around the world." The classification was first introduced for the 2008 running season, upon the suggestion of the IAAF Road Running Commission. The races are split into three categories: marathons, half marathons and other. Within the "other" category are traditional road race distances, over which World Athletics world records can be set, along with some "Classical races", which span unusual distances. The Labels are considered a prestigious award by race organisers, and include the six World Marathon Majors.
In the first year, only Gold and Silver Labels were awarded, and 49 races were recognised. A third tier was introduced in 2010, entitled the Bronze Label, and in 2015, 88 races were listed in total.
In October 2018, the IAAF announced to introduce the Platinum Label for the 2020 season. For the 2021, the Platinum Label was renamed Elite Platinum Label, the Gold Label was renamed Elite Label, and the Silver and Bronze Labels were merged into Label Races.
The Labels are assessed and awarded each year. Race organisers have to apply to the World Athletics for recognition, and show that their race can meet a number of criteria. The criteria vary for the different levels; Gold Labels have the strictest requirements, followed by Silver, then Bronze. All three categories require what the World Athletics describes as an international elite field, that requires at least five nations (four for Bronze) to be represented by runners with times faster than the World Athletics's guidelines. Additionally, the race course must be closed to vehicular traffic, and measured to the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races (AIMS) standard, with full electronic timing used to generate the results. The race must be organised in a way that minimizes ecological damage to the surrounding areas. A specified number of doping tests must be carried out, and prize money for the participants should be equal, irrespective of gender or nationality, though additional rewards can be given to runners from the host nation.
In 2017, Japan had the most road race Label events, with 9, although the Czech Republic hosted the most Gold Label events, 7. 3 races on the African continent received Label status in 2015.
Editions
See also
List of half marathon races
List of World Athletics Label marathon races
References
External links
World Athletics Label Road Race at World Athletics web site
Road Race Label Events
Long-distance running competitions
Road running competitions
Annual athletics series
Venezuela national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Venezuela that represents the team in international competitions. At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, the team finished thirteenth in a fifteen deep field.
Background
Federacion Venezolana de Deportes para Personas con Paralisis Cerebral (FEVEDE-PC) manages the national team. By 2016, Venezuela had a national championship to support the national team and was active in participating in the IFCPF World Championships.
National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Venezuelan squad.
Ranking
Venezuela was ranked fifteenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team is also ranked fifth in the Americas in 2016. Venezuela was ranked seventeenth in August 2013 and November 2014. In July 2011 and September 2012, the team was ranked twentieth. In 2014, the team had a goal of trying to improve their ranking to be among the top 16 teams in the world. They hoped doing so would increase their visibility in the country.
Results
Venezuela has never participated in a Paralympic Games since the sport made its debut at the 1984 Games. Venezuela has participated in a number of international tournaments. Six teams participated in the Toronto hosted American Cup in 2014. Group A included Venezuela, Argentina and Canada. Group B included Mexico, Brazil and the United States. The tournament was important for preparations for the 2015 Parapan American Games, and because it was the last major continental level competition of the year. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
In October 2014, the team played a friendly against the country's women's national under-20 side.
IFCPF World Championships
Venezuela has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. The team qualified for the 2017 edition based on their performance at the 2016 qualifying event in Denmark.
References
Cerebral Palsy
Venezuela at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Aux Trois Couvents, formerly known as the Centre d'Interprétation de la Côte-de-Beaupré (CICB), located in Château-Richer on the royal avenue, is renowned as a museum of La Côte-de-Beaupré by the M.R.C since 1996. It is also a part of the Route de la Nouvelle-France group, one of the oldest roads of Quebec.
Mission
Aux Trois Couvents' mission is to educate the public about the history and the heritage of the Beaupré Coast region with the use of exhibitions and cultural and educational activities.
History
Created in 1984 at the formation of the MRC, the CICB is non-profit organization, recognized and sustained by the Ministère de la Culture, des Communications et de la Condition féminine du Québec. First established at the Moulin à eau du Petit-Pré de Château-Richer, the CICB acquired, in 2000, the old convent of Château Richer. After renovating and restoring it, the CICB moved into the old convent and in doing so gained about four times the room.
The CICB offers to visitors the opportunity to discover aspects of the geography, history, culture and heritage of the Beaupre-Coast region.
Expositions
The CICB offers multiple permanent exhibitions to its visitors, which allows them to fully understand the history of the Beaupre-Coast and of the Chateau-Richer Convent.
Regard, la côte des beaux prés dans tous ses éclats traces a thematic portrait of the region from its colonization to today.
The Site historique et archéologique des Vieux Couvents de Château-Richer retraces the history of the three convents of Chateau-Richer thanks to archeological digs accessible at all times.
The classe d'antan is a reconstitution of one of the classrooms from the beginning of the 20th century where visitors can see where and how students were taught at the time.
The CICB also offers temporary exhibitions to visitors.
History of the Chateau-Richer convents
First convent of Chateau-Richer
Before the construction of the first convent, there was a windmill that was built in 1655. Archeological digs made in 1998 enabled us to discover the remains of this windmill.
In 1694, Lord François de Laval, lord of the Beaupre-Coast, commissioned the construction of the first convent so that it may be used as a school for girls. Nuns from the congregation of Notre-Dame, under the direction of Marguerite Bourgeoys, became teachers for the girls of the region. Three nuns, one as superior and two as teachers, taught young girls how to read, write and count. They also taught them history, geography, religion, as well as housework. Boys were instead schooled at the senioral manor, as recommended by Lord Laval. in 1759, Quebec city and the Beaupre-Coast region were being invaded by the English army. Under the command of General James Wolfe, the troops captured any resources that they could, and burned down just about everything else, including the convent of Chateau-Richer.
Second couvent of Chateau-Richer
In 1829, the second convent is built right on the foundations of the first convent. Beginning in 1830, the becomes once again a school for girls, under various administrations. Despite numerous reparations and renovations, the building rapidly deteriorates because of flooding problems combined with bad drainage. A constant state of dampness combined with contamination by the water in the nearby latrines leads to a spread of diseases among the teachers and students. In 1906, the building is demolished in order to allow for the construction of a newer, better planned building.
Third convent of Chateau-Richer
By 1907, the construction of the third convent begins. This building will serve as a school as well, but this time for boys, as well as girls. It also held a chapel, a kitchen, a dormitory, and housing for the nuns. In 1972, the building ceased to act as a school, as another school was constructed nearby that could fit a much greater number of students. Instead, it becomes a community centre. In 2002, the building is bought by the provincial government of Quebec to become the CICB that it is today.
Museums in Capitale-Nationale
History museums in Quebec
Heritage buildings of Quebec
Queenston Mining, Inc. was a Canadian resource company focused on the exploration and development of gold deposits on “Proven Mine Trends” in geopolitically stable areas. The objectives of the Company were to expand upon its exploration areas to enlarge existing deposits and to target new discoveries, and to return to producer status through the development of its 100% owned properties.
Queenston Mining was purchased in 2012 by Osisko Mining
Queenston's company headquarters was located in Toronto, Ontario, and its two main properties were located in the Kirkland Lake Gold Camp, Ontario, and the Cadillac Gold Camp, Quebec.
Projects
Kirkland Lake
Upper Beaver Property
McBean-Anoki Property
Upper Canada Property
Lebel Property
Amalgamated Kirkland ("AK") Property
Joint Ventures
Cadillac
Pandora Property
Wood Pandora Property
Other Properties
Westhawk Property, Manitoba
Mishibishu Property, Ontario
Kirkland Lake
Kirkland Lake is one of the most well known historic gold camps in North America. This mining and lumbering community is located just a 6-hour drive from Toronto (about 580 km North). Gold was first discovered in 1906, in Swastika and Larder Lake but the first gold in the camp was produced at the Swastika mine in 1910. Production was continuous for 90 years, until 2000 when the Macassa Mine was closed. In 2002, Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. re-opened the Macassa Mine where they are currently producing gold. Some mines in the Kirkland Lake area have produced continuously for over 50 years and to date the region has produced more than 40 million ounces of gold. The camp ranks second in Canada, next only to Timmins with respect to total ounces of gold produced.
Queenston's main focus was an assemblage of gold properties in the historic Kirkland Lake gold camp, where it was undergoing a resurgence as a result of new discoveries made by Queenston and Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. Queenston's holdings included over 35 properties or over 230 km2. The primary area of focus was in Gauthier Township where the company was advancing five of its 100% owned gold properties (Upper Beaver, McBean, Anoki, Bidgood and Upper Canada) towards production. The goal was to outline enough of a mineral resource of gold to feed a central milling facility to be constructed in Gauthier Township. In addition to the production preparation scenario, in 2012 exploration continued to be a prime focus of the Company.
Cadillac
The Cadillac mining camp currently ranks as the top gold-producing region in Quebec. The first gold discovery was in 1924 on the O'Brien property which entered into production in 1932. Between 1936-1949 several other mines were brought into production including Pandora, Central Cadillac and Wood Cadillac. The camp did not produce again until 1979 when the Bousquet and Doyon mines started up. The subsequent start up at LaRonde, Bousquet 2 and Mouska marked the second mining era in the camp. Currently the camp has four producers in the Mouska, Doyon, Lapa and LaRonde.
Queenston maintained two past producing gold properties along the Cadillac Break adjacent to the LaRonde and Lapa gold mines operated by Agnico Eagle mines. The Wood-Pandora property was a 50-50 joint venture with Globex Mining and the Pandora was 100% owned. In 2012 the joint venture continued drilling to further evaluate the economic potential of the Ironwood deposit.
References
External links
Official Queenston Website
Google Finance
Yahoo Finance
InfoMine
Mining Almanac
Reuters
Companies based in Toronto
Companies formerly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Gold mining companies of Canada
Karachi Medical & Dental College () is a public medical university in Karachi. It was founded by Naimatullah Khan in 1991.
It offers MBBS and BDS programs at undergraduate level which are accredited by the Pakistan Medical and Dental Council. KMDC also offers postgraduate specialties in medicine and dentistry in affiliation with the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan and University of Karachi.
References
External links
KMDC official website
Medical colleges in Sindh
Universities and colleges in Karachi
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in Pakistan
Public universities and colleges in Sindh
Three Little Pigskins is a 1934 short subject directed by Raymond McCarey and starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Jerry Howard). It is the fourth entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 short films for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
Plot
The Stooges are "recruited" by a college to drum up publicity for the college's football team by being dressed up as football players. Meanwhile, the owner of a professional football team, Joe Stacks, has to find three new players for the next game. One of Joe's girlfriends soon meets the Stooges and confuses them for genuine college football players known as "The Three Horsemen" (a parody of the "Four Horsemen" of Notre Dame fame). The Stooges go back to her house and meet the girl's two friends.
After squirting each other with seltzer bottles, everyone decides to play the game Blind man's buff. The Stooges are blindfolded and walk around trying to find the girls. Just at that moment, Joe and his two henchmen walk in. They punch out the trio and then chase them around the house. One of the women finally explains that the three strangers are actually "The Three Famous Horsemen," and Joe offers them money to play for him.
Naturally, the trio have not a clue how to play football. Their first game (staged at Hollywood's Gilmore Stadium) turns into a fiasco and eventually causing their team to lose. Believing that they had thrown the game on purpose instead, Stacks and his fellow managers turn their revolvers on the Stooges, hitting them on the buttocks as they attempt to flee.
Cast
Credited
Production notes
Three Little Pigskins was filmed on October 25–30, 1934. The film's title is a multiple pun, derived from The Three Little Pigs, along with "pigskin" being a synonym for a football. The film marked one of the earliest credited appearances for a then platinum blonde-haired Lucille Ball, who played a supporting role as one of the female recruiters and would herself become known for her own work in physical comedy in later years. Later in her career, when this short was brought up, Ball (apparently referring to the seltzer squirting scene) would remark, "The only thing I learned from The Three Stooges was how to duck. I still got wet!"
This is the first of several Stooge shorts involving a dumbwaiter, usually involving Curly accidentally destroying the floor of the elevator, causing injury to Larry and Moe. The dumbwaiter would reappear in Nutty But Nice. This is also the first of sixteen Stooge shorts using the word "three" in the title.
The football teams listed on the scoreboard are actually two baseball teams in real life, those names belonging to the Detroit Tigers and the Chicago Cubs.
For the football game, Moe's jersey number is H2O2, Larry's is 1/2, and Curly's is a "?".
The football team the Stooges played against was that of Loyola Marymount University.
There was no attempt to hide the venue, Gilmore Stadium, as its name on the scoreboard appears in several shots. There is also a shot that includes a billboard for Gilmore Oil, including its trademark symbol, a lion.
A planned concluding scene had the Stooges, years later, telling the story to their sons. It is unknown if this scene was ever filmed, but publicity photos exist of the Stooges, each with a young actor, all made up and dressed to resemble their older counterparts.
"...a Humdinger of Bangs and Bruises"
Moe Howard once called Three Little Pigskins "a humdinger of bangs and bruises," as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt. In the film, during the game the boys are stopped by photographers on the sideline to pose for a picture, when the football players then tackle them. The team consisted of genuine college football players, and the Stooges — with their small stature — were afraid of being hurt. Larry Fine, the smallest and lightest of the three, told director Raymond McCarey, "Look, we can't do this scene. We're not stuntmen and if one of those gorillas falls on us, we'll never be able to finish the picture. We've never used stunt doubles before but we certainly need them now." The fact that both Curly and Larry had been hurt a few days earlier filming Three Little Pigskins (Curly broke his leg riding down the dumbwaiter and Larry lost a tooth due to a mistimed punch) reinforced the trio's decision to opt out of the scene.
McCarey assured the Stooges that it was safe, saying "Listen, fellows, you know how to take falls. You've done enough of them. It'll take hours to find doubles for you. Besides, we can't afford them. Don't worry, you won't get hurt." Moe Howard dryly agreed with McCarey, saying, "You're darn right we won't get hurt. We're not doing the scene."
Less than an hour after the exchange, the studio found three stunt doubles made up to look like the Stooges. McCarey yelled "Action" and chaos ensued. Two of the doubles were seriously injured with broken limbs, as were both photographers. The only stuntman not hurt was the one doubling for Curly Howard because of the padding that he wore to resemble the rotund Stooge. Moe Howard later said in his autobiography that "McCarey was speechless and sat in his director's chair with his head in his hands."
References
External links
Three Little Pigskins at threestooges.net
1934 films
The Three Stooges films
American black-and-white films
American football films
1934 comedy films
Films directed by Ray McCarey
Columbia Pictures short films
Films with screenplays by Felix Adler (screenwriter)
American slapstick comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Austrian Social Service (Österreichischer Sozialdienst) is part of the Austrian Service Abroad founded by Dr. Andreas Maislinger in 1998. It offers the possibility to substitute the compulsory military service in Austria with a 10-months service abroad and provides a platform for volunteering services.
Legal Framework
As part of the Austrian Service Abroad the Austrian Social Service is funded and supervised by the Austrian Ministry of Social Affairs and subject to the federal law for the promotion of voluntary engagement (Bundesgesetz zur Förderung von freiwilligem Engagement.)
Mission and structure
The Austrian Social Service supports socially vulnerable groups and the social and economic development of the host country. Austrian Social Servants are deployed in various kinds of partner organizations in a large number of countries. The focus lies on the developing world.
Assignments
The Austrian Social Servants work in the fields of education, care, medical support, agriculture and economic development for street or homeless children, elderly, handicapped, ill, poor and / or marginalized people. Furthermore, also the field of environmental protection belongs to the Austrian Social Service, partnering with organizations engaged in projects for the protection and sustenance of the natural environment.
Since 2018 the Austrian Service Abroad also partakes in the program Understanding Israel, sending young Austrians to do social service at child-care places and handicapped-care facilities in the state of Israel in cooperation with the Israeli Volunteer Association.
Partners
Argentina
Buenos Aires - Center for homeless children and adolescents
Belgium
Brussels - European Disability Forum
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Sarajevo - Phoenix Initiative
Brasil
Alagoinhas - Associacao Lar Sao Benedito
Lauro de Freitas - Community Centre Christ Liberator
Rio de Janeiro - Center for Justice and International Law (CEJIL)
China
Qiqihar - China SOS Children's Village Association Beijing, Qiqihar city, Helongjiang Province und Yantai City, Shandong Province
Costa Rica
La Gamba - Tropical Field Station La Gamba
Puntarenas - Finca Sonador - Asociaicón de Cooperativas Europeas Longo Mai
Puntarenas - Union de Amigos para la Protección del Ambiente (Unaproa)
San Isidro - Asociación Vida Nueva
Germany
Marburg - Terra Tech
England
London - Royal London Society for the Blind
Gabon
Lambaréné - Medical Research Unit, Albert Schweitzer Hospital
Guatemala
Quetzaltenango - Instituto de Formacion e Investigacion Municipal,
Santa Rosita - Casa Hogar Estudiantil ASOL
India
Auroville - Auroville Action Group (AVAG)
Dharmshala - Nishtha, Nishtha - Rural Health, Education and Environment Centre
Dharmshala - Tibetan Children's Village:*Dharmshala - Tibetan Welfare Office
Kerala - Mata Amritanandamayi Mission
Israel
Jerusalem - St. Vinzenz-Ein Karem
Understanding Israel
Kenya
Nairobi - Kenya Water for Health Organisation (KWAHO)
Nicaragua
Granada - Fundación Casa de los tres mundos
León - Campo Recreativo MILAVF
Norway
Oslo - Jodisk Aldersbolig
Pakistan
SOS children villages Pakistan Karachi, Sialkot, Dodhial, Faisalabad, Sargodha, Lahore, Rawalpindi und Multan
Peru
Huancayo - Unidad Territorial de Salud Daniel Alcides Carrión
Lima - The information and education centre for the prevention of drug abuse (CEDRO)
Poland
Kraków - Polska Akcja Humanitarna
Romania
Iaşi - The hope of Romanian children
Russia
Moscow - Together For Peace (TFP)
Moscow - Centre for social development and self-help "perspective"
Czech Republic
Prague - Jüdische Gemeinde
Uganda
Fort Portal - Mountains of the Moon University (MMU)
Kabale - Diözese Kabale - Bishops House
United States
New York - Gay Men's Health Crisis
Belarus
Minsk - Belarusian Children's Hospice
Minsk - 'Dietski dom no. 6' - Kinderheim no.6
Minsk - Kindergarten for Children with Special Needs
References
External links
http://www.sozialdienst.at
http://www.auslandsdienst.at
Non-profit organisations based in Austria
Braunau am Inn
General elections were held in Argentina on 11 November 1951. Voters chose both the President of Argentina and their legislators. This was the first election in the country to have enfranchised women at the national level. Turnout was around 88%.
Background
President Juan Perón (1895–1974) had become President for the first time in June 1946. His popularity was riding high following five years of social reforms and a vigorous public works program, but he faced intensifying opposition during 1951. His decision to expropriate the conservative La Prensa (then the nation's second-most circulated daily), though lauded by the CGT labor union, damaged his standing elsewhere at home and his reputation in other countries, as did the climate of political liberties: the opposition UCR's nominee, Congressman Ricardo Balbín, had spent much of the previous year as a political prisoner. Economically, the year was an improvement over the 1949–50 recession and saw the completion of a number of landmark public works and the inaugural of Channel 13 (Public Television), the first regular broadcast station in Latin America; but growing inflation (50%, a record at the time) led to increasing strike activity.
The UCR and other parties in opposition, harassed and deprived of access to the media, boycotted a number of Congressional races and all Senate races as well. The vice president, Hortensio Quijano, had requested leave from the campaign due to failing health and, on August 22, the CGT organized a rally on Buenos Aires' massive Ninth of July Avenue in support of the influential first lady Eva Perón as her husband's running mate, though unbeknownst to the crowd, the popular Evita was, like Quijano, dying, and thus refused the acclamation. Quijano reluctantly stayed on; but his stepping aside did not prevent a September 28 coup attempt against Perón on the part of ultraconservative elements in the Army. Ultimately, these ill-considered attacks, the Peróns' popularity and their control of much of the media combined to give the Peronist Party a landslide in the election, the first at the national level in which the vote was extended to women.
Candidates
Peronist Party: President Juan Perón of Buenos Aires Province
Radical Civic Union: Congressman Ricardo Balbín of Buenos Aires Province
Results
President
Chamber of Deputies
Senate
Provincial Governors
Footnotes
Elections in Argentina
1951 elections in Argentina
1951
November 1951 events in South America
Pradeep de Silva was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Nomads Sports Club.
De Silva made four appearances for the side during the 1988-89 Lakspray Trophy tournament, making his debut against Panadura Sports Club in March 1989. In five innings, he scored a total of 15 runs, including a top score of 8 runs in his second first-class appearance.
External links
Pradeep de Silva at CricketArchive
Sri Lankan cricketers
Nomad Sports Club cricketers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tom White was an American football official in the United States Football League from 1983 to 1986 and then National Football League (NFL) for seventeen seasons from the 1989 to 2005 seasons. He started in the league as a head linesman and was promoted to referee with the start of the 1990 NFL season. He wore uniform number 123. He is also an alumnus of the Sigma Tau Gamma fraternity.
White was once referred to as Alfred Hitchcock for facial similarities by former ABC Sports color commentator Dennis Miller during a Monday Night Football game.
White was fined half a game check ($2,600) by the NFL for an administrative error made by his officiating crew in a 2003 regular season game between the Baltimore Ravens and Seattle Seahawks. They refused to restart the 40-second clock after an officials' conference over a penalty call with 58 seconds left in the fourth quarter. Baltimore was able to save its last timeout as a result, using the 40 seconds to tie the game. Baltimore eventually won in overtime, by the score of 44 to 41.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
National Football League officials
Temple University alumni
Golemani Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 2976 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It surmounts Patleyna Glacier to the southwest, Marsa Glacier to the north and Padala Glacier to the east.
The peak is named after the settlements of Golemani and Golemanite in Northern Bulgaria.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Location
Golemani Peak is located at , which is 3.23 km north of Bezden Peak, 6.17 km northeast of Mount Todd, 7.87 km southeast of Mount Goldthwait, 5.06 km south-southwest of Mount Schmid and 12.17 km west-northwest of Zimornitsa Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Notes
References
Golemani Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Golemani Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Fong Ma Po () is a village in Lam Tsuen, Tai Po District, Hong Kong.
Fong Ma Po is a Punti village, where a Tin Hau Temple and the Lam Tsuen wishing trees are located.
Administration
Fong Ma Po is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Fong Ma Po (Tai Po) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Lam Tsuen
Benjamin Peffer Lamberton (February 25, 1844 – June 9, 1912) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy, who served in the Spanish–American War.
Biography
Benjamin Peffer Lamberton was born in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. He attended Carlisle High School and the Dickinson Preparatory School before spending three years as a member of the Dickinson College class of 1862. He was a Member of Belles Lettres Literary Society.
Having decided on a naval career Lamberton transferred to the Naval Academy, and was appointed midshipman on September 21, 1861. He graduated on November 22, 1864 in time to see active service on the America as it pursued the Confederate raiders and in 1864.
In 1865 he was attached to the steam sloop of the Brazil Squadron, then in the steam-sloop in 1866–67, receiving promotion to ensign on November 1, 1866, and to master on December 1, 1866.
Lamberton served aboard the training ship in 1867–69, being commissioned as lieutenant on March 12, 1867. He served with the rank of lieutenant commander from December 18, 1868, to June 2, 1885, when he was promoted to commander and assigned to the Lighthouse Board in Charleston as an inspector.
In 1898 Lamberton was ordered to command of the protected cruiser on the Asiatic Squadron, but upon arrival in Hong Kong was appointed chief of staff on board Admiral George Dewey's flagship .
He saw action the Battle of Manila Bay on May 1, 1898. An incident during the heat of the battle demonstrated the ardor of Olympia's crew. On learning of Dewey's decision to give the crew a break for breakfast, a gun captain commented to Captain Lamberton, "For God's sake, Captain, don't let us stop now. To hell with breakfast!"
Lamberton was promoted to captain on May 17, 1898, and took command of the Olympia.
Promoted to rear admiral on September 11, 1903, he commanded the South Atlantic Squadron. His final post was as chairman of the Lighthouse Board from which he retired on his sixty-second birthday in 1906.
Lamberton died on June 9, 1912, and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Personal life
Benjamin Peffer Lamberton married Elizabeth Stedman in February 1873 in Boston, Massachusetts, and had three children. He lived in Washington, D.C. during his retirement, enjoying duck hunting and fishing with his friend President Grover Cleveland.
Namesake
The destroyer , launched on 30 March 1918, was named after him.
References
1844 births
1912 deaths
Union Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy admirals
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Jezera, meaning "Lakes" in several Slavic languages, may refer to:
Jezera, Teslić, a village in the municipality of Teslić, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Jezera, Tisno, a village in the municipality of Tisno, Croatia
See also
Jezero (disambiguation)
Stephens County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia, in the Piedmont and near the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It is bounded by the Tugaloo River and Lake Hartwell on the east. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,175. The county seat is Toccoa.
Stephens County comprises the Toccoa, Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county was long inhabited by indigenous peoples. People of the South Appalachian Mississippian culture developed a village and a platform mound on Tugaloo Island about 800 CE. The village and mound, both known as Tugaloo, were later occupied by other peoples until about 1700. Numerous other villages also developed along the river and its tributaries. Descendants of the Mississippians have been identified as the proto-Creek (Muscogee people). Allied with them in historic times were the Yuchi, who occupied the village known as Tugaloo, where they were replaced by the Cherokee.
While Cherokee began to move into this area from Tennessee under pressure by European Americans during and after the Revolutionary War, the Muscogee Creek continued to dominate the southern part of the county until they ceded their land to the United States in a treaty of 1794.
United States era
It was not until after the American Revolutionary War that European Americans began to settle here. The first were veterans who had been given land grants in lieu of pay; they migrated up the Savannah River and the Tugaloo River after the war.
The county was created on August 18, 1905, from parts of Franklin and Habersham counties, and was named for Alexander Stephens, U.S. representative, Vice President of the Confederate States of America, and fifty-third governor of Georgia.
Toccoa was designated as the county seat and was the site of the county's two courthouses. The first courthouse was built in 1907, and is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The second was built in 2000. The former courthouse is now used for county offices.
Despite the Great Depression, more industry developed in the county in the 1930s. J&P Coats Company purchased the Capps Cotton Mill in 1937 and operated it for nearly 70 years, before textile manufacturing jobs moved offshore to cheaper labor markets. In 1938 industrialist R.G. LeTourneau opened a manufacturing plant for earth-moving equipment. Later that year the Toccoa Airport was constructed. During World War II, the LeTourneau plant produced equipment for use by the military, employing 2000 people in this effort. In addition the US Army developed Camp Toccoa here, for training paratroopers.
Beginning in 1950, planning began for what was called the Hartwell Project, which envisioned dams on the Savanna and tributary rivers for flood control and hydropower generation. In addition, a large reservoir would be created, known as Lake Hartwell.
Prior to the flooding of this area by Lake Hartwell, produced behind the Hartwell Dam on the Savannah River, archeological studies were conducted in 1958 of known prehistoric and historic sites in the area. Among them, the Tugaloo Mound and village site by a team from the University of Georgia. The mound is still visible above the water, and a historic marker on Highway 123 at the Georgia-South Carolina border helps mark this spot.
On November 6, 1977, the earthen Kelly Barnes Dam collapsed after a period of heavy rainfall. The resulting flood swept through the campus of Toccoa Falls College, killing 39 people and causing $2.8 million in damage.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water. The county is located mainly within the upper Piedmont region of the state, with western portions of the county having the highest elevations and located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
The northern half of Stephens County is located in the Tugaloo River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. Lake Hartwell was created as a reservoir on the river after the construction of Hartwell Dam on the Savannah, completed in 1962. The southern half of the county is located in the Broad River sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 123
State Route 17
State Route 17 Alternate
State Route 63
State Route 105
State Route 106
State Route 145
State Route 184
State Route 328
State Route 365
Adjacent counties
Oconee County, South Carolina (north)
Franklin County (south)
Banks County (southwest)
Habersham County (west)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 26,784 people, 9,543 households, and 6,783 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 26,175 people, 10,289 households, and 7,236 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,662 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 85.1% white, 10.9% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.0% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.7% were American, 9.1% were Irish, 8.1% were German, and 7.4% were English.
Of the 10,289 households, 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.7% were non-families, and 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.96. The median age was 40.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,938 and the median income for a family was $41,768. Males had a median income of $35,814 versus $24,834 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,285. About 12.3% of families and 18.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.9% of those under age 18 and 16.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Avalon
Eastanollee
Martin
Toccoa (county seat)
Politics
Further reading
Cooksey, Elizabeth B. "Stephens County." New Georgia Encyclopedia. October 14, 2014. Web. May 18, 2016.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stephens County, Georgia
North Georgia Technical College
Toccoa Falls College
References
External links
Official Stephens County website
Stephens County Development Authority
Toccoa-Stephens County Chamber of Commerce
Things to do in Stephens County
Stephens County history
Toccoa-Stephens County community website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1905
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Priya Marathe Moghe is an Indian actress. She is best known for her roles as Varsha in the television series Pavitra Rishta and as Bhavani Rathod on Saath Nibhaana Saathiya. Currently she is playing role of Monica Kamat in Star Pravah's Marathi TV series Tuzech Mi Geet Gaat Aahe.
Career
Priya Marathe made her television debut with Ya Sukhano Ya and eventually went on to appear in several other Marathi serial including Char Divas Sasuche. Her first Hindi series appearance was in Kasamh Se where she played Vidya Bali, and eventually appeared in a season of Comedy Circus. She played Varsha in the TV series Pavitra Rishta. She also appeared briefly in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain as Jyoti Malhotra. She also worked in a Marathi serial Tu Tithe Me in a negative role of Priya Mohite. In February 2017, she joined the cast of Star Plus's show Saath Nibhaana Saathiya. She played the role of Bhavani Rathod in the show, an evil natured woman who has killed her husband.
Personal life
Priya Marathe married her longtime friend, actor Shantanu Moghe, son of actor Shrikant Moghe, on 24 April 2012.
Television
References
External links
Living people
Indian television actresses
Indian soap opera actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Hindi television
Actresses in Marathi television
Marathi actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Jewish Healthcare Foundation (JHF) is a not-for-profit public charity based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that supports healthcare services, education, and research to encourage medical advancement and protect vulnerable populations.
Mission
The mission of the Jewish Healthcare Foundation is to support and foster the provision of healthcare services, healthcare education, and when reasonable and appropriate, medical and scientific research, and to respond to the medical, custodial and other health-related needs of elderly, underprivileged, indigent and under-served persons in both the Jewish and general community throughout Western Pennsylvania.
Its president is Karen Wolk Feinstein, PhD, who established the Foundation as an important player in the Pittsburgh foundation world and in Pennsylvania and national health affairs. Though it continues to work diligently on all its original priorities, the Foundation has sharpened its focus on changes in the healthcare system that improve patient safety and healthcare quality, lower costs of care, and address healthcare workforce issues.
Foundation
The Jewish Healthcare Foundation (JHF) was established in 1990 with proceeds from the sale of Montefiore Hospital, a healthcare institution financed and founded by Pittsburgh's Jewish community and the chaired by real estate developer Stanley Gumberg. The hospital opened in 1908 to meet the healthcare needs of a Jewish population that was both expanding and underserved at the time.
It became a respected teaching institution, pioneering advancements in medicine and public health benefiting the total community, and providing medical care in a compassionate environment and with an understanding of Jewish people and their needs. Renamed Montefiore University Hospital, the institution is today part of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Notes
External links
Official Site
Pittsburgh Regional Health Initiative (PRHI) - the operating entity of JHF
Charities based in Pennsylvania
Health charities in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
Ken Morgan may refer to:
Dakta Green (born 1950), New Zealand cannabis law reform activist
Ken Morgan (trade unionist) (1928–2015), English trade union leader
Ken Morgan (footballer) (1932–2008), Welsh footballer
Ken Morgan (politician) (born 1951), American politician
Osteochilus vittatoides is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Borneo in Indonesia.
References
Taxa named by Canna Maria Louise Popta
Fish described in 1904
Osteochilus
Cruz Melchor Eya Nchama (born January 6, 1945, Kukumankok, Equatorial Guinea) is a judge at the Court of Geneva.
Justice Eya Nchama currently serves as a "judge assessor" at the Conciliation Commission for Leases and Rents, which is where rental and lodging/housing matters are adjudicated. Prior to his current role, he was an elected Swiss politician.
He is also a writer and well-known Human Rights activist within the international human rights community as well as being a prominent person within the Swiss/Geneva Canton.
Eya Nchama studied at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was head of the research department of the Graduate Institute of Development Studies attached to the University of Geneva and an advisor to the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights. He is head of the Anti-Racism Information Service (ARIS)
While in exile in the early 1970s, Eya Nchama, J.B. Mbia Mbida Essindi and others founded the ANRD (Alianza Nacional por la Restauración Democrática de Guinea Ecuatorial), which would be the main opposition to the Equatorial Guinean dictatorship. He was a fervent opponent of Macías Nguema, succeeding in 1976 in breaking the forced silence on the subject by then fascist Spanish government, presenting a detailed report to the UN Human Rights Commission. After the fall of Macías Nguema and the succession by Obiang in September 1979, he coined the phrase "it's the same dog with a different collar", which gained him considerable notability.
Some years after his naturalisation, Eya Nchama was appointed head of the municipal council of Grand-Saconnex near Geneva, being the first black person to reach such a position in Switzerland.
Works (selection)
Développement et droits de l'homme en Afrique, édition Publisud, Paris, 1991
El mundo en los acrósticos, y otros temas, Pentalfa, Oviedo, 2001
Misceláneas Guineo Ecuatorianas 1: del estado colonial al Estado dictatorial with Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel et al., Editorial Tiempos Próximos, Madrid, 2001
Notes
1945 births
Living people
Equatoguinean politicians
Swiss writers
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Equatoguinean emigrants to Switzerland
20th-century Swiss politicians
21st-century Swiss politicians
21st-century Swiss judges
People from Centro Sur
Rule of Wolves is a fantasy novel by American author Leigh Bardugo published by Imprint in 2021. It is the seventh overall novel in Bardugo's Grishaverse and the final novel in the King of Scars duology. The story takes place several weeks after the end of King of Scars and follows the third-person perspectives of Nikolai Lantsov, Zoya Nazyalensky, Nina Zenik, Mayu Kir-Kaat, and the Darkling (referred to as 'The Monk.')
Plot
Shu Han's ruler, Queen Makhi Kir-Taban, plots to kill her sister Ehri from taking the throne when a blot of darkness with a likeness to the Shadow Fold spreads past the Unsea and into Shu Han. Nina Zenik has successfully infiltrated the Ice Court under the alias Mila Jandersdat, serving as Hanne Brum's courtier. The pair decide that Hanne must enter herself into the Heartwood, a competition between women to decide who they will marry. She gains the favor of Fjerda's Prince Rasmus when she uses her Grisha healing power to lessen his chronic illness. Nina aids the Ravkan war effort by turning the Fjerdans to worship the Grisha saints, creating divide in the ranks of the drüskelle. She discovers that Jarl Brum has kept Nikolai Lantsov's birth father, Magnus Opjer, under prison and plans to use letters between him and the former Ravkan queen to get Nikolai deposed. Hanne and Rasmus grow closer but Rasmus is revealed to be a power-hungry tyrant who feels satisfaction at other people's misery. Nina also discovers that Rasmus's bodyguard, Joran, killed Matthias Helvar in Ketterdam. Torn between loyalties and morals, Nina almost blows her cover to Jarl but manages to keep herself together. Nina and Hanne develop a romantic relationship and plan to run away after converting the Fjerdans to realizing the Grisha are not abominations.
Nikolai struggles to hold the throne due to the accusations of his bastardry. He has developed a control over his demon but depends on doing another obisbaya to rid himself of the darkness inside of him, kill the Darkling, and prevent another Shadow Fold from being formed. he works closely with David Kostyk to develop nuclear warheads and together with Nina's messages from inside Fjerda they are able to triumph over Fjerda and reclaim their Grisha using antidotes to jurda parem. Zoya Nazyalensky mourns her mentor Juris's death but feels incompetent to wield his dragon powers. The Darkling brokers a deal to let him meet with Alina Starkov and in return he will lead them to the thornwood that will allow the obisbaya to take place. He uses a branch of the wood to pierce both Alina and Mal, giving him control of the darkness again before he escapes under the guise of Yuri Vedenen to assemble supporters of the Starless Saint.
Makhi kills all of Ehri's bodyguards but Ehri manages to survive with the help of Grisha healers. Ehri, Tamar Kir-Bataar, and Mayu Kir-Kaat escape to Shu Han and convince the governing body to remove Makhi by exposing the khergud program, and Mayu reunites with her brother Reyem. Leyti Kir-Taban, Ehri and Makhi's grandmother, takes back the throne.
Os Kervo is bombed from above by Fjerda on the day David and Genya Safin were to be married. David is killed and Ravka becomes weaker without enough titanium to build the weapons to retaliate. Nikolai and Zoya travel to Ketterdam under the cover of Sturmhond and employ the aid of Kaz Brekker to steal a cache of titanium from a military base on Kerch. The pair become close but Zoya refuses to give in to her feelings after she had failed Juris and her aunt. When they return to Ravka, Nikolai meets an escaped Magnus and accepts that he is a bastard king without any Lantsov blood. He uses his influence as Sturmhond to lead the Fjerdan forces into a trap, opening a blockade and ambushing them with Grisha forces led by Zoya. Fjerda responds using a weapon called 'Songbird' that deafens their forces, but Nikolai's demon neutralizes the threat. The escaped khergud aid the battle effort and go into hiding until the war is finished. Nina is brought onto a Fjerdan base with the Brum family and Rasmus. She is betrayed by The Apparat, who has installed himself in the Fjerdan court. Zoya rescues Nina and escapes by accepting her love for Nikolai and becoming a dragon, but Hanne is left seemingly dead by the hands of Rasmus. Zoya's dragon form finishes off the Fjerdan fleet and she becomes worshipped as Sankta Zoya by the Fjerdans and Ravkans. Hanne is revealed to have tailored her body to look like Rasmus's and she and Nina become engaged while Jarl is exiled for his embarrassment as leader of the drüskelle while the Apparat is imprisoned. Nikolai, who has accepted the demon within him, relinquishes his crown and Zoya becomes the Dragon Queen, first of the Nazyalensky royal bloodline.
In the aftermath of the battle, Shu Han and Ravka make amends. The Darkling willingly imprisons himself in Sankt Feliks's thornwood, stopping the flow of the Fold and consigning himself to eternal torture. Zoya, Genya, and Alina plot to find a way to let him die in peace after his redemption by finding Feliks's heart. Zoya sends a message to Kaz and the Crows that they have a new mission from the Queen.
Characters
Nikolai Lantsov: The King of Ravka.
Zoya Nazyalensky: General of the Second Army, a Squaller.
Nina Zenik: A Ravkan spy with the unique Grisha ability to control the dead. Deep undercover in Fjerda.
Genya Safin: Member of the Triumvirate, a Grisha Tailor.
Tamar Kir-Bataar: A Heartrender soldier loyal to Nikolai.
Tolya Yul-Bataar: Tamar's brother.
David Kostyk: Member of the Triumvirate, a Grisha Durast.
Mayu Kir-Kaat: A Shu Han assassin loyal to the Queen.
Aleksander Morozova / The Darkling / The Monk: Formerly known as the Black Heretic, a Grisha with power over darkness resurrected in the body of Yuri Vedenen.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews called the novel a "wild ride both fantastical and grounded in nuance" that "manages to tidy up almost all ends but still leaves space for more to come." Linda H. Codega from Tor took note of the novel's political intrigue but took fault with the "skeleton of an ending, with all the hallmarks of Bardugo's...writing but without the charm of the last duology."
Rule of Wolves received the Goodreads Choice Award for Young Adult Fantasy in 2021.
Accolades
Future
The ending of the novel teases more for the Crows, aligning with Bardugo's previous statements that she has long-term plans for a third Six of Crows novel. However, Rule of Wolves will serve as an ending to Nikolai, Zoya, and Alina's storyline with Bardugo commenting: “I want to let the Grishaverse be at the crossroads...for me, there's a great sense of peace knowing that a lot of the story has already been told.”
References
2021 American novels
2021 fantasy novels
Novels by Leigh Bardugo
GYI may refer to:
Gisenyi Airport, Rwanda
Gyele language, spoken in Cameroon
North Texas Regional Airport, United States
Gyi, an honorific in Burmese names
In enzymology, an ornithine racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-ornithine D-ornithine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-ornithine, and one product, D-ornithine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is ornithine racemase. This enzyme participates in d-arginine and d-ornithine metabolism.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Peanuts 500 may refer to several amusement rides located at the Planet Snoopy themed area of Cedar Fair Parks:
PEANUTS 500 at Canada's Wonderland
PEANUTS 500 at Cedar Point
PEANUTS 500 at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom
Peanuts 500 (Kings Island)
PEANUTS 500 at Valleyfair
PEANUTS 500 at Worlds of Fun
The list of shipwrecks in June 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during June 1875.
1 June
2 June
3 June
{{shipwreck list item
|ship=Glastry
|flag=
|desc=The brig collided with the barque Enos Seule () off St. Catherine's Point, Isle of Wight and was abandoned by the seven people on board. Five were rescued by Enos Seule, and two by Hippolyte et Marie''' ()' Glastry was on a voyage from Cork to Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland. She was towed in to Portsmouth, Hampshire by the brig Maggie ().
}}
4 June
5 June
6 June
7 June
8 June
9 June
10 June
11 June
12 June
13 June
14 June
15 June
16 June
17 June
18 June
19 June
20 June
23 June
24 June
25 June
26 June
27 June
28 June
29 June
30 June
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936.'' Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-06
Maritime incidents in June 1875
Wenshui Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1. This station is part of the northern extension of that line from to that opened on 28 December 2004.
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Jing'an District
Railway stations in China opened in 2004
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in Shanghai
James Dear (1910–1981) was an English racquet, court tennis, and squash player who effectively won world titles in three different sports during the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.
Rackets
Dear won the Rackets World Championships from 1947 to 1954, losing the title to Geoffrey Atkins.
Real tennis
He also won the Real tennis world championship from 1955 to 1957.
Squash
Dear also won the most prestigious title in squash, the British Open, in 1939, at a time when there was no official world championship and the British Open champion was acknowledged as the world's best. Dear was also the runner-up at the competition three times in the 1930s and twice in the late-1940s.
Awards
He was among seven British world champions honored at the inaugural Sports Writers' Association - which later became the Sports Journalists' Association in 1949.
See also
Real tennis world champions
British Open Squash Championships
References
English racquets players
English real tennis players
English male squash players
1910 births
1981 deaths
World rackets champion
Gwendolyn Wilson Fowler (December 8, 1907 – November 19, 1997) was an African-American pharmacist, the first black woman licensed in Iowa. She also became the first African-American woman from Iowa to serve in the United States Foreign Service, when she was posted to Vietnam in the 1950s. She was inducted into the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame in 1987.
Biography
Gwendolyn Mary Wilson was born on December 8, 1907, in Dardanelle, Arkansas to Fannie (née Robinson) and Dr. Cornelius Wilson, who moved his family and medical practice to Des Moines, Iowa in 1913. Wilson attended Bryant Elementary School and then West High School of Des Moines, before going to a high school preparatory training school on the campus of Rust College, in Holly Springs, Mississippi. Graduating with honors in 1926, Wilson returned to Iowa and enrolled in pharmacy at the University of Iowa, in Iowa City. After a year, she transferred to the Des Moines College of Pharmacy, which later became the Drake College of Pharmacy, earning her degree in chemistry and pharmaceuticals in 1930, the first African-American woman in Iowa to attain a pharmacy degree. Upon officially registering as a pharmacist in Iowa in 1931, she became the first registered black pharmacist in the state.
Career
After completing her education, Wilson was unable to find employment in Iowa and returned to Holly Springs, Mississippi, where she taught for a year. She returned to Des Moines and worked as a waitress for a time before being hired as a maid by Winnie Ewing Coffin. Coffin was an heiress who bequeathed a trust to the Des Moines Art Center in honor her husband Nathan Emory Coffin for the purchase of artworks. The two women embarked upon a world tour in 1936 to purchase artwork for the museum which was being constructed. Wilson's diary reveals that they had spent most of the year in California, setting out in November 1936 traveling from Seattle to Vancouver and Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, en route to Hawaii. By early December, they landed in Yokohama, Japan, and then proceeded to Hong Kong, China, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Australia, Sumatra, Bali, Java, Singapore, and back to Japan, where the trip ended following Coffin's sudden death. Wilson returned to Des Moines and on 19 January 1938, she married Lafe H. Fowler. Though she would keep his name, they were divorced in 1946.
In 1944, Fowler was able to secure employment in her field when she was hired by the State of Iowa as a pharmacy clerk. She worked for the state for 9 years, and then took a consultant's position at the Iowa State Department of Agriculture laboratory, working as a chemist. She caught the attention of the federal administration and was hired as one of the only 9 women and only woman of color to work in the United States Foreign Service. Prior to her appointment to Vietnam she served as a chemist in the US Department of Agriculture's commercial laboratory in Washington, DC undergoing training. In 1955, she was selected for an overseas assignment by the United States Foreign Operations Administration for a hospital post in Ethiopia, but though she was approved, the assignment was withdrawn because she was a woman. A few weeks later, she was approved for a similar post to Saigon. In 1957, she returned for a brief visit from Viet Nam, where she was serving as a program analyst and training officer. In 1959, Fowler was posted to Korea, and then returned to the Iowa Department of Agriculture laboratory after completion of her foreign service. In 1962, she began working as a staff pharmacist at Broadlawns Polk County Hospital, where she remained until her 1974 retirement.
During her retirement, Fowler was active in many volunteer organizations. She was a lifelong member of the NAACP, active in the American Association of University Women, the Red Cross, the Des Moines Civic Music Board, the Iowa State Drug Abuse Council, the Wilkie House and served on the Board of Directors of the YWCA. She was appointed to the Iowa Statewide Health Coordinating Council by Governor Robert D. Ray and received the Governor's Volunteer Award. In 1987, she was inducted into the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame.
Fowler died on November 19, 1997, and her papers were posthumously donated to the Iowa Women's Archives Collection at the University of Iowa Libraries in Iowa City, Iowa.
References
Bibliography
American pharmacists
African-American scientists
1907 births
1997 deaths
African-American diplomats
American diplomats
American women diplomats
American women chemists
Eisenhower administration personnel
United States Foreign Service personnel
Rust College alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Drake University alumni
People from Dardanelle, Arkansas
People from Des Moines, Iowa
20th-century American chemists
20th-century American women scientists
Women pharmacists
Auchterlonie or Ouchterlony, Scottish surname from Forfar in the county of Angus, may refer to:
Dorothy Auchterlonie (1915–1991), academic
Laurie Auchterlonie (1868–1948), golfer
William Auchterlonie (1872–1963), golfer
James Auchterlony, a soldier in Regiment of Jacob Shaw, in Russian service from 1610th. In 1672 James Auchterlony served as a witness to the will of Alexander 11th Lord Forbes in Stockholm.
Örjan Ouchterlony (1914–2004) was a Swedish bacteriologist and immunologist who is credited with the creation of the Ouchterlony double immuno diffusion test in the 1940s.
Ouchterlony, Swedish noble family of Scottish origin. Descents of John Ouchterlony († 1778), from Dundee in Scotland.
Notes
References
Surnames of Scottish origin
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1959–60 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bahrain
football
Viktor Ivanovych Oparenyuk (; born 23 March 1969) is a former Ukrainian football player.
References
1969 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
FC CSKA Kyiv players
Ukrainian footballers
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC Krystal Chortkiv players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
FC Okzhetpes players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Association football defenders
Herbie is a short 16mm black and white movie by George Lucas and Paul Golding made in 1966 as part of their USC film school course. It is an abstract film with no story and no actors that depicts the reflections of moving light streaks and light flashes from traffic at night. It is set to a piece of jazz music by Herbie Hancock, whose first name was used for the title.
See also
List of American films of 1966
References
External links
Short films directed by George Lucas
1966 films
Films without speech
American short films
American student films
The Dental Laboratories Association (DLA) is the professional body for dental laboratory owners in the United Kingdom. It is estimated that members of the DLA are responsible for over 80 per cent of the dental laboratory services in the UK.
Origin
The DLA began as a division of the Surgical Instrument Manufacturers Association, later becoming a separate entity. The first meeting of the DLA Council took place in London in 1961. The first Secretary was John Wrench and administration was provided by a firm of accountants called Hughes Allan.
In 1977 Trevor Roadley, a Nottingham dental laboratory owner was appointed as Secretary. Operating initially at his laboratory and then in the DLA's first premises, Roadley gradually built up the range of member services and heightened the standing of the association. The DLA moved to larger premises in Nottingham in 1986, a converted chapel that was being used as a dental laboratory. At this stage the DLA had approximately 400 members. In 1987 Bill Courtney took over as Secretary. Like Trevor before him, Bill was a dental laboratory owner and member of the DLA Council.
By now the DLA was a recognised and respected member of the dental world and regularly met with organisations such as the General Dental Council, Orthodontic Technicians Association, British Dental Association and the Department of Health. These close relationships continue to this day and the DLA has presented evidence to the Health Select Committee at the House of Commons on the challenges faced by the profession.
The DLA was instrumental in setting up the Dental Technicians Education and Training Advisory Board (DTETAB), which is now known as the Dental Technologists Association (DTA). The late 1980s and early 1990s saw the emergence of the Medical Devices Directive and the introduction of Quality Systems to the industry. The DLA worked to establish an industry-led standard and the first example of this was a system based on BS 5750 called the Certification Authority for Dental Laboratories and Suppliers (CADLAS), which is still operating as AMTAC MEDICA and is now audited to ISO9002. With the lessons learned in setting up CADLAS, a new system called the Dental Appliance Manufacturers Audit Scheme (DAMAS) was launched in 1998. This is based around ISO 9000 and also addresses the Medical Devices Regulations (MDR).
By now the Association membership had risen to over 900 and the association moved into new offices at Arboretum Gate in February 1997.
There have been many changes since 2000, including the retirement of Bill Courtney and appointment of Richard Daniels as Chief Executive. Membership has passed the 1,000 mark, and the DLA is building a profile as a campaigning organisation with appearances across the media.
Offices
In May 2001 the Association moved to their current offices on Wollaton Road, Beeston in Nottingham.
Logo
The DLA logo is circular in shape with the initials "DLA" in the middle.
Memberships
The DLA is a member of the British Dental Health Foundation (BDHF), the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) and the Federation of European Dental Laboratory Owners (FEPPD).
Events
Dental Technology Showcase (DTS)
As the flagship event of the Dental Laboratories Association (DLA), the Dental Technology Showcase (DTS) is a highly respected platform for dental technicians, clinical dental technicians and lab owners to update and refresh their knowledge and skills.
Held alongside The Dentistry Show since 2014, the event offers vast networking opportunities as well as outstanding education, verifiable CPD and access to the very latest innovations in the UK industry.
DTS 2015 will take place on Friday 17th and Saturday 18 April at the NEC in Birmingham UK, ensuring a convenient and central location for thousands of dental professionals to attend. An extensive trade exhibition will host over 100 leading dental suppliers and manufacturers including 3Shape, Bracon, Cendres + Metaux, Nobel Biocare, Straumann, Metrodent, Ivoclar Vivadent and Schottlander to name but a few, each demonstrating the latest products, materials and technologies available. Experts will be on hand to provide any information, advice or guidance you may need, helping you to choose the most suitable equipment for optimal clinical results, streamlined workflows and maximum return on investment.
Council
The DLA Council is the governing body of the association and is elected by the members. Its Chairman is Gordon Watters. The DLA is run by the Nationally Elected Council. All member laboratories may send an observer to Council meetings.
References
External links
Official website
'Standards drop' in NHS dentistry – BBC News 15 September 2007
OTA website
Dental Technology Show 2008
Orthodontic Technicians Association Conference 2008
1961 establishments in the United Kingdom
Dental organisations based in the United Kingdom
Beeston, Nottinghamshire
Business organisations based in the United Kingdom
Health in Nottinghamshire
Organisations based in Nottinghamshire
Organizations established in 1961
Professional associations based in the United Kingdom
White Wives is an American punk rock band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The band, composed of members from other Pittsburgh bands including Anti-Flag, The Code, Dandelion Snow and American Armada, was created in the summer of 2010. The band released their first EP, Situationists EP, through Lock and Key Collective in February 2011, and followed up in June with their debut full-length, Happeners, released on Adeline Records.
Band members
Roger Lawrence Harvey - Lead vocals/guitar (2010–present)
Chris "#2" Barker - Lead vocals/guitar (2010–present)
Chris Head - Lead guitar (2010–present)
Tyler Kweder - Drums (2010–present)
Chris Stowe - Bass guitar (2011–present)
Josh Massie - Keys/trumpet (2011–present)
Discography
Albums
Happeners (2011)
Singles/EPs
Situationists EP (2011)
"Indian Summer" 7" (2011)
Live at 222 Ormsby (2012)
Howls for Sade (2013)
Self Titled 7" (2013)
References
Musical groups from Pittsburgh
Punk rock groups from Pennsylvania
Rock music supergroups
A scimitar antenna is a radio antenna so named because its shape resembles a talon-shaped curved sword of the same name. It was invented in 1958 by Edwin M. and William P. Turner. It is essentially a flat metal plate in a semi-circular or semi-elliptical shape with a wide end at one side and a narrow point at the other. Its shape makes it suited for use on aircraft or space vehicles. It was used for VHF communication on the Apollo command and service module.
A U.S. patent was applied for on October 31, 1958, and granted on December 26, 1961. The inventors assigned the patent to the U.S. government, as represented by the Secretary of the Air Force.
Use in Apollo Program
The Block II Apollo command and service module carried a pair of elliptical VHF scimitar antennas on the Service Module walls.
The antenna's scimitar shape wasn't externally visible, since it had to be covered by a shroud for aerodynamic purposes. The antenna radiated and received signals in an approximately hemispherical pattern, therefore two antennas were necessary to provide full omnidirectional coverage. VHF communication was used for ship-to-ground communication in Earth orbit, and ship-to-ship communication with the Apollo Lunar Module. This was distinct from the unified S-band high-gain antenna used for communication with Earth at lunar distances.
The earlier Block I design of the Apollo spacecraft carried the scimitar antennas inside two semicircular strakes attached near the base of the Command Module, which were intended to improve aerodynamic stability during reentry. However, the strakes were found to be unnecessary, and would have been ineffective at high lunar return reentry speeds. Therefore, the strakes were deleted and the antennas were moved to the Service Module in the Block II design used in crewed missions.
The first two Lunar Modules to fly, Apollo 5 and Apollo 9, also carried a pair of VHF scimitar antennas for the transmission of Developmental Flight Instrumentation (DFI) telemetry data. One was located on the front face, just inboard of the right-hand side cockpit window, and the other was located on the left side of the aft equipment bay. Since the Lunar Module never operated in the Earth's atmosphere, no aerodynamic covering was necessary, and the scimitar shape was externally visible. After Apollo 9, the Lunar Module was considered operational, so the DFI and scimitar antennas were not present on subsequent flights.
VHF jamming
Military aircraft, typically long-range bombers in the 1960s, sometimes used VHF jamming to disrupt the voice communications of interceptor aircraft. This jamming required broadband, omnidirectional antennas, such as the scimitar.
Difficulties in developing the WCLG-3B design of antenna for the/ALA-15(V) voice jammer, by Dynalectron Corporation, led to both patented techniques in precision-forming PTFE as dielectric components,
and also a notable lawsuit over the termination of the US Government contract to supply them.
References
Apollo program hardware
American inventions
Norwegian serfdom can be a way of defining the position of the Norwegian lower class farmers, though they were not actually in serfdom by European standards. The evolution of this social system began about 1750.
The institution only applied in the Kingdom of Norway, not in the rest of Denmark-Norway. Iceland (a Norwegian dependency) had its own system of serfdom, while a somewhat similar institution, the stavnsbånd, existed in Denmark proper. Slavery was the backbone of the Dano-Norwegian colonies in the Caribbean.
Overview
The system of Norwegian inheritance was based on a paternal line. Usually the younger sons got a share of the original farm, thus splitting it up in smaller homesteads. In the eastern parts of the country, and to some extent the mountain municipalities, the smaller homesteads still belonged to the main farm, and the lesser farmers were obliged to work the fields on the main farm as well as their own, in exchange for living there. This could lay heavy burdens on the smaller homesteads.
As time passed, the smaller homesteads passed from farmer to farmer, and the actual bonds between the families could be broken. In Hedmark, a main farm could govern up to ten smaller homesteads, spread around in the forests and fields connected to the farm. Social exploitation could often be a result of this policy, and also a strict social order, not to be broken (described in some of the novels of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, and later Ingeborg Refling Hagen and Alf Prøysen). The difference from serfs elsewhere was that the farmer did not directly own the life and property of the homesteader (Husmann), but in most cases, he practically did. In Hallingdal this was most common in the lower parts of the valley, and, at some point, all the serfs were evicted, and the homesteads torn down. Many of the Norwegian migrants to America came from this social class. So did also the main stock of Norwegian workers, as the land got crowded and the splitting of farms came to an end about 1860.
In the western parts of the country, things worked differently. Here, farms were divided, but not ranked in the same way as in the east. The farms existed at a more equal level, and though small, they were more independent. Socially this paid back in less exploitation. As neighbouring fields in the western parts of Norway were often equally barren, all farmers had to struggle in the same way.
After 1860, smaller homesteads were often bought from the main farms, and erected as independent farms. This made it easier for many of the homesteaders. They also got their own union in time, Norsk Småbrukarlag (union of Norwegian small farmers). Today, many of those homesteads are mostly used for leisure.
Cultural impact
Many of the traditional folk musicians of Norway, and the greater part of singers and storytellers, seem to have belonged to this social layer, if not lower. The central farms were as a rule the first to adapt to modern standards and music. Hence, the medieval ballads and the oldest folk instruments survived in the poorer homesteads. Fiddlers are as a rule to be found both on lesser and bigger farms, and the hardanger fiddle tradition was common in all social layers. Myllarguten was from a lower class, but some of his teachers were not.
In Norwegian fairy tales, the heroes and heroines often represent people from this group. Askeladden is often said to come from "a humble cottage in the woods". The fairy tale king is often represented with a greater farm, not a castle. Hence, he is in the role of a manor farmer of Norway.
References
Sources
Online
Social history of Norway
Norway
Agriculture in Norway
Labour in Norway
Charles Luke may refer to:
Charles Luke (politician) (1857–1941), mayor of Wellington, New Zealand
Charles A. Luke (born 1961), American educator, author, nonprofit leader and consultant
Charles Luke (Australian footballer) (1915–1998), Footscray VFL footballer
Charles Luke (English footballer) (1909–1983), Huddersfield Town association footballer
Harry Charles Luke (1884–1969), Governor of Fiji
See also
Charlie Luke (disambiguation)
The Esmonde Baronetcy, of Ballynastragh in the County of Wexford, is a title in the Baronetage of Ireland. It was created on 28 January 1629 for Thomas Esmonde. He raised a cavalry regiment for Charles I and commanded a regiment during the Siege of La Rochelle. Esmonde was the only son of Sir Laurence Esmonde, who had abandoned the Roman Catholic faith during the reign of Queen Elizabeth and was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Esmonde in 1632. Lord Esmonde married firstly a Roman Catholic wife Margaret O'Flaherty, daughter of
Murrough O'Flaherty, Chief of Iar Connacht, and they had a son, Thomas, the first Baronet. She feared that the boy would be raised a Protestant and ran away with him, raising him as a strict Roman Catholic. Lord Esmonde then repudiated Margaret and made a second marriage to Ellice Butler. As he would not admit his son's legitimacy (even though he had no son by his second marriage) Thomas was not allowed to succeed to the barony, which became extinct on his father's death in 1646. He did however gain possession of the family estates in County Wexford.
Several of the later baronets enjoyed distinguished political careers. The ninth and tenth Baronets represented Wexford and County Waterford respectively in the House of Commons, the ninth additionally serving as High Sheriff of Wexford in 1840. The eleventh Baronet was also a Member of Parliament as well as a Senator of the Irish Free State. The twelfth Baronet was Cumann na nGaedheal TD for Wexford from 1923 to 1936. The fourteenth Baronet was Member of Parliament for Tipperary North from 1915 to 1918 and Fine Gael TD for Wexford from 1937 to 1944 and from 1948 to 1951. The fifteenth Baronet was Fine Gael TD for Wexford from 1951 to 1973. The sixteenth Baronet was a Circuit Court judge who had been Fine Gael TD for Wexford from 1973 to 1977. John Joseph Esmonde, father of the fourteenth and fifteenth Baronets, was also a politician. Two of his sons from his second marriage also gained prominence. John Witham Esmonde (1907–1983) was a captain in the Royal Navy while Eugene Esmonde was a pilot in the Fleet Air Arm and recipient of the Victoria Cross and also the DSO. He received the Victoria Cross posthumously after he was killed in action in 1942. Their uncle, Thomas Esmonde received a Victoria Cross for an act of heroism in the Crimean War. The Esmonde family are one of very few families to have received two Victoria Crosses.
The family seat is Ballynastragh, Gorey, County Wexford.
Esmonde baronets, of Ballynastragh (1629)
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 1st Baronet (died )
Sir Laurence Esmonde, 2nd Baronet (died 1688)
Sir Laurence Esmonde, 3rd Baronet (died c. 1717)
Sir Laurence Esmonde, 4th Baronet (died 1738)
Sir John Esmonde, 5th Baronet (died 1758)
Sir Walter Esmonde, 6th Baronet (died 1766)
Sir James Esmonde, 7th Baronet (1701–1766)
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 8th Baronet (died 1803)
Sir Thomas Esmonde, 9th Baronet (1786–1868)
Sir John Esmonde, 10th Baronet (1826–1876)
Sir Thomas Henry Grattan Esmonde, 11th Baronet (1862–1935)
Sir Osmond Thomas Grattan Esmonde, 12th Baronet (1896–1936)
Sir Laurence Grattan Esmonde, 13th Baronet (1863–1943)
Sir John Lymbrick Esmonde, 14th Baronet (1893–1958)
Sir Anthony Charles Esmonde, 15th Baronet (1899–1981)
Sir John Henry Grattan Esmonde, 16th Baronet (1928–1987)
Sir Thomas Francis Grattan Esmonde, 17th Baronet (1960–2021)
The baronetcy is vacant as at 26 November 2021.
Sir Sean Vincent Grattan Esmonde (born 1989) has yet to prove succession.
See also
Baron Esmonde
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
http://humphrysfamilytree.com/Fitzgerald/esmonde.html
Esmonde
1629 establishments in Ireland
Morteza Falahati is an Iranian football defender who plays for Siah Jamegan in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
References
Iranian footballers
1989 births
Living people
Association football defenders
F.C. Aboomoslem players
Malavan players
Siah Jamegan players
Federal detention centers are pretrial detention facilities within the Bureau of Prisons. As administrative security level facilities, they are capable of holding inmates in all security categories. Thus, typically they have security measures such as double fences, roving patrols, and restricted movement. Agent Steal and others have noted that the conditions in the FDCs are generally better than in local jails.
See also
Ivan Pravilov (1963–2012), Ukrainian ice hockey coach, arrested for sexual abuse of teenage student, committed suicide by hanging in Philadelphia Federal Detention Center
References
Prisons in the United States
Sergio Floccari (; born 12 November 1981) is a former Italian footballer who plays as a striker.
Club career
Early career
Floccari began playing football as a junior with the local side of his town, Nicotera, before moving into the youth system of Catanzaro. He began senior career with Avezzano and Promozione team Montebelluna before moving up to Serie C2 with Mestre and Faenza. It was at Faenza, under coach Carlo Regno, assistant to 2009–10 Lazio coach Davide Ballardini, that Floccari first bloomed, scoring many goals.
Rise
Following his successful period at Faenza, he joined Genoa in 2002, but did not establish himself as a regular, playing just nine league games and scoring one goal in his first season of Serie B.
Floccari took a step back into Serie C2, joining Rimini in co-ownership deal where he played and scored regularly. His goals contributed to successful promotions as Rimini went from playing in C2 to Serie B during his time there. The club also bought him outright in June 2003.
In January 2006, Floccari's form was rewarded when Serie A strugglers Messina signed him (jointly-signed with Atalanta from Rimini) as they looked to avoid relegation. Floccari scored three times as Messina survived thanks to the Calciopoli scandal. Two of those goals came in a 2–2 draw with Juventus. In June 2006, Messina bought to remain rights from Atalanta. In his first full season of Serie A in 2006–07, Floccari scored only twice as Messina finished last.
Atalanta
The Calabrese striker did not return to Serie B with his Messina teammates though. Atalanta re-signed him for a fee of €1.875 million (€1.675 million plus defender Mariano Stendardo).
At Atalanta, Floccari battled for a starting place with the likes of Simone Inzaghi, Antonio Langella and Riccardo Zampagna. Floccari scored his first goal against league champions Inter and after Zampagna's bust-up with coach Luigi Delneri (which resulted in the striker's departure to Vicenza Calcio), Floccari's first-team opportunities increased, and he closed out the 2007–08 season with eight league goals.
In 2008–09, Floccari improved yet again, scoring twelve league goals as Atalanta comfortably finished in mid table.
Return to Genoa
On 1 July 2009, Floccari returned to Genoa, the club he left in 2003, for €9.1 million.
He scored on debut in a 4–1 win over Napoli and scored his first goal in the Europa League against Valencia. Having scored four league goals, Floccari was struggling to find space in the Genoa attack with coach Gian Piero Gasperini preferring the likes of Giuseppe Sculli and Raffaele Palladino. That transfer windows also saw a three-men three-way swap formed, which Floccari moved to Lazio to replace Goran Pandev who left for Inter on free transfer, and Genoa got David Suazo from Inter. The three strikers all had an unsuccessful day in the first half of the season.
Lazio
As a result, Floccari sealed a loan move to struggling Lazio, for €500,000. He made his debut after just one training session and scored twice in a 4–1 win over Livorno. Following that, Floccari made a surprising impact on the team, and was one of the key players in guiding the club to 12th in the league, well clear of the relegation zone. He missed a vital penalty in the defeat against Roma in the vital derby, but made up for it by scoring the winner against former club Genoa seven days later, a result that all but granted Lazio's Serie A status for 2010–11. At the end of season Lazio signed him permanently for a €8.5 million transfer fee having agreed a four-year contract.
Parma
On 31 August 2011, Floccari was loaned to Parma for €1.5 million.
Return to Lazio
Sassuolo
On 30 January 2014, Floccari was sold to fellow Serie A club Sassuolo for €2 million.
Bologna
On 11 January 2016, Floccari officially joined Serie A club Bologna for an undisclosed fee. He missed three weeks of the 2016–17 season through injury.
SPAL
On 19 January 2017, Floccari signed a one-year deal with Serie B side SPAL. Two days later, he made his debut for the club in a 2–0 league win over Benevento. Floccari's first goal in a SPAL shirt came in stoppage time to seal the victory for the home side, after defender Francesco Vicari gave them the lead just before the break. On 13 April 2019, he scored the winner in a shock 2–1 victory over reigning champions Juventus.
International career
In October 2010, he was called up for the first and only time by new national team coach Cesare Prandelli for the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Northern Ireland and Serbia, as a replacement for the injured Alberto Gilardino; he didn't make an appearance in either game. Floccari married former Miss San Marino Maria Elisa Canti, and has Sammarinese citizenship, so is eligible for the San Marino national football team.
Career statistics
Club
1 1 match in 2002–03 playoffs
2 2 matches in 2003–04 playoffs
3 Not included match in Coppa Italia Lega Pro and regional cups
4 Note 1, 2 and 3
Honours
Lazio
Coppa Italia: 2012–13
References
External links
Atalanta B.C. Official Player Profile
Career profile (from La Gazzetta dello Sport)
1981 births
Living people
People from Vibo Valentia
Italian footballers
Sammarinese footballers
Sammarinese people of Italian descent
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie B players
Rimini F.C. 1912 players
A.C.R. Messina players
Atalanta B.C. players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Calcio Montebelluna players
S.S. Lazio players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
S.P.A.L. players
Avezzano Calcio players
Sportspeople from the Province of Vibo Valentia
Footballers from Calabria
Quarrell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jami Reid-Quarrell (born 1978), Scottish actor
John Quarrell (1938–2000), Australian rules footballer
Lois Quarrell (1914–1991), Australian sports journalist
Keziekie Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 3 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Keziekie Ward:
Schools
Keziekie Government Primary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 3
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Touchdown, Army retitled Generals of Tomorrow in the UK is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann, written by Lloyd Corrigan and Erwin S. Gelsey, and starring John Howard, Mary Carlisle, Robert Cummings, William Frawley, Owen Davis Jr., and Benny Baker. It was released on October 7, 1938, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Army University football player Jimmy Howal gets a reception far different from what he expected when he enters West Point. His cocky attitude makes everyone opposed of him, especially hot-tempered southerner Brandon Culpepper, who also sees Howal as a rival for beautiful Toni Denby, daughter of West Point officer Colonel Denby. Howal is failing French prior to the Army-Navy game, and the cadets fear he will be kept from playing because of it. Then, Toni tutors Howal, but she, unknowingly, uses an old exam which is the basis for the new test. Howal realizes what has happened when he passes the exam with flying colors and suspects Toni of having set out to make a fool of him.
Cast
John Howard as Cadet Brandon Culpepper
Mary Carlisle as Toni Denby
Robert Cummings as Cadet Jimmy Howal
William Frawley as Jack Heffernan
Owen Davis Jr. as Cadet Kirk Reynolds
Benny Baker as Cadet Dick Mycroft
Minor Watson as Col. Denby
Raymond Hatton as Bob Haskins
Production
Lew Ayres was meant to play a lead but Robert Cummings – who was already in the cast – took the part instead, promoted from a more subsidiary role. Filming started June 1938.
References
External links
1938 films
1930s sports comedy films
American black-and-white films
American sports comedy films
American football films
Films directed by Kurt Neumann
Films scored by John Leipold
Films set in the United States Military Academy
Paramount Pictures films
1938 comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Russian Roulette is the third studio album by American hip hop producer and recording artist The Alchemist, the album was released on July 17, 2012. The project is constructed from samples of Soviet music (hence the title), making it a concept album. Featured artists on the project consists of acts such as Evidence, Fashawn, Roc Marciano, Action Bronson, Guilty Simpson, Danny Brown, Schoolboy Q, Big Twins.
The album is not focused on rap and lyrics, rather it's more of an artistic rendition of tracks that are collages of samples, excerpts and elements from Soviet songs, among other sources (like a Memorex commercial). Fifteen of the thirty tracks do contain rapped lyrics on them.
In the album's booklet, there is different artwork for each song on the album.
Singles
"Flight Confirmation" featuring Danny Brown and Schoolboy Q
"Don Seymour's Theme" featuring MidaZ
Track listing
All tracks produced by the Alchemist.
Chart history
References
2012 mixtape albums
The Alchemist (musician) albums
Albums produced by the Alchemist (musician)
Decon albums
Néapolis is the eleventh studio album (of original material) by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released in March 1998 by record label Chrysalis.
Background and content
After being released from their contract with Virgin Records, Simple Minds decided to musically reinvent themselves yet again. Having worked since 1991 as a duo with session musicians, Jim Kerr and Charlie Burchill reunited on a rehearsals-only basis with the band's original rhythm section, Derek Forbes and Brian McGee (returning after eleven & fourteen year absences respectively). McGee was not involved in the project beyond the rehearsal stage, but Forbes formally rejoined Simple Minds as bass guitar player in July 1996. To record the album, Simple Minds also reunited with producer Peter Walsh, who'd been responsible for their acclaimed 1982 New Gold Dream (81-82-83-84) album.
The resulting set of songs (written entirely by Kerr and Burchill) was a move away from the band's more recent stadium rock and funk approaches and a return to their early-'80s electronic pop days (inspired by European experimental pop such as Kraftwerk and Hansa-period David Bowie) as well as incorporating contemporary dance music influences. While the reinstated Forbes played all of the bass tracks, drums were handled either by session players Michael Niggs and Jim McDermott or replaced by programmed loops provided by Hamilton Lee of Transglobal Underground. In early 1997, the band brought in their former drummer Mel Gaynor for a studio session, resulting in him playing the drums on one track "War Babies". In a March 1998 interview with Q, Kerr would comment that «Néapolis wasn't created as some kind of spiritual successor [to New Gold Dream], but I suppose that in getting back together with the people we work best with, some kind of thematic similarity was inevitable.»
Release
Néapolis was released by Chrysalis Records in the UK, but charted poorly and received mixed reviews. Chrysalis refused to release the album in the U.S. (citing lack of interest). The album produced two singles "Glitterball" and "War Babies,", the former featuring a video which was the first production of any kind to film at the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain. Videos for both singles were included on enhanced CD singles released for both tracks.
In early 1998, Gaynor was reinstated as a full-time member in time for live dates. With Mark Taylor as live keyboard player, the band toured Europe between March and July 1998 to support the new album, but the tour was dogged by band members' health problems and contractual fiascos (including a pull-out from the Fleadh Festival). The band parted company with Chrysalis Records after the tour. In 1999, recording sessions for a new Simple Minds album saw Gaynor and Forbes dropped from the band once again in favour of Mark Kerr and Eddie Duffy (although Gaynor would return to the band later).
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Simple Minds
Jim Kerr – vocals
Charlie Burchill – guitars, keyboards, programming
Derek Forbes – bass guitar
Mel Gaynor – drums on "War Babies"
Additional musicians
Jim McDermott – additional drums
Michael Niggs – additional drums
Hamilton Lee – additional programming
The Dukes – strings
Technical
Charlie Burchill – producer
Peter Walsh – producer, engineer, mixing
Simple Minds – mixing
Alessandro R.A. Benedetti – assistant engineer (Capri)
Marco Della Monica – assistant engineer (Capri)
Dougie Cowan – technical assistance
Sandra Dods – coordination
Toorkwaz – art direction, design
Andy Earl – photography
References
External links
1998 albums
Simple Minds albums
Chrysalis Records albums
Smith & Wesson M&P ("Military & Police") is a line of semi-automatic pistols by manufacturer Smith & Wesson.
Smith & Wesson M&P may also refer to:
Pistols
Smith & Wesson M&P22, a rimfire pistol styled after the full-sized M&P
M&P Bodyguard 380, a subcompact centerfire pistol
Rifles
Smith & Wesson M&P15, a centerfire AR-type rifle
Smith & Wesson M&P15-22, a rimfire rifle styled after the AR-15
Revolvers
Smith & Wesson Model 10, an older name of the Smith & Wesson Model 10 mid-size revolver used from 1899 to 1957
M&P Bodyguard 38, a subcompact centerfire revolver
Tettau is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kronach (district)
Chuquisaca is represented in the Plurinational Legislative Assembly by four senators and their substitutes elected through proportional representation. They serve five-year terms and qualify for reelection indefinitely. The current delegation comprises two senators from the Movement for Socialism (MAS-IPSP) and two from Civic Community (CC): Roberto Padilla, Trinidad Rocha, Silvia Salame, and Santiago Ticona. Their respective substitutes are: Laura Parraga, Germán Moscoso, Jorge Antonio Zamora, and Sarai Reinaga. Although the bicameral system was adopted in the 1831 Constitution and was maintained in subsequently promulgated constitutions, it can be affirmed that with the exception of very small intervals, the Senate did not, in fact, exercise its functions until the convocation of the 1882 legislature. Furthermore, due to heavy political instability and frequent military interventions since 1882, Bolivia did not experience a continuous, uninterrupted legislative session until 1982.
List of senators
References
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
Chuquisaca
Odelia Sika-Ntiamoah Boampong (born 1981) is a Ghanaian entrepreneur, TV and radio news reporter. She covered the Togolese elections in 2015 and has covered all UNFCCC conferences since 2009. She is also a documentary filmmaker (World Bank, IFDC, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Environment, Ministry of Energy) and presenter, Africa news (Euro news) correspondent Ghana, news anchor and reporter TV3 news. Twice a Ghana Journalist Award winner, she has also won the minister's award in environmental reporting. She trained at the DW Akademie and was nominated by the US embassy in Ghana for the IVLP programme training in investigative journalism. She is also a board member of the institutional review board for the Center for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR Ghana). Passionate about people breaking out of poverty and empowering women economically, she has created the ONfoundation for this purpose. She runs several businesses with her husband, Prince Sika-Ntiamoah Boampong, under the SNB group. She was recently invited by the World Bank as one of 20 young entrepreneurs who can help change growing youth unemployment on the continent. She is a Christian (Ordained Pastor of Victory Bible Church International) and a mother to Ayeyi Sika-Ntiamoah Boampong.
Early life
Odelia was born in Tema, Ghana, to Benjamin Kwabena Ofori, a teacher who raised her as a single parent.
Education
She holds a master's degree in Oil and Gas Communication from the University of Cape Coast and a Bachelor of Arts degree in geography from the University of Ghana.
Career
Odelia had a seven-year working experience in radio, part as a student Journalists with Radio Universe at the University of Ghana and Citi FM, an Accra-based radio station. She worked with Tv3 Network, a leading private TV station in Ghana, also for seven years. At Tv3, she hosted Mission Ghana, a social news programme that focused on lapses in the health and educational sector in Ghana. Euronews (Africa News) Correspondent for Ghana, Odelia is into television content provision, host of Health Plus One, a private health programme, Social Connect a social project by entrepreneurs who want to give back to society by training young girls and Business Trends Africa.
References
External links
Odelia Ntiamoah Boampong at Facebook.
Odelia africanews. Twitter.
Odelia Ofori at YouTube.
"UN Women Singapore and MasterCard Unveil Ghanaian among 10 Finalists for Project Inspire: 5 Minutes to Change the World", Green Ghana Volunteers, 3 August 2011.
1981 births
Living people
People from Tema
Ghanaian journalists
University of Ghana alumni
University of Cape Coast alumni
Ghanaian women journalists
The 1971–72 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 33rd season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Hasle Loren Idrettslag won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1971 in Norwegian sport
1972 in Norwegian sport
Interleukin-22 (IL-22) is protein that in humans is encoded by the IL22 gene.
Structure
IL-22 is an α-helical cytokine. IL-22 binds to a heterodimeric cell surface receptor composed of IL-10R2 and IL-22R1 subunits. IL-22R is expressed on tissue cells, and it is absent on immune cells.
Crystallization is possible if the N-linked glycosylation sites are removed in mutants of IL-22 bound with high-affinity cell-surface receptor sIL-22R1. The crystallographic asymmetric unit contained two IL-22-sIL-22R1 complexes.
Function
IL-22 is produced by several populations of immune cells at a site of inflammation. Producers are αβ T cells classes Th1, Th22 and Th17 along with γδ T cells, NKT, ILC3, neutrophils and macrophages. IL-22 takes effect on non-hematopoietic cells – mainly stromal and epithelial cells. Effects involve stimulation of cell survival, proliferation and synthesis of antimicrobials including S100, Reg3β, Reg3γ and defensins. IL-22 thus participates in both wound healing and in protection against microbes. IL-22 dysregulation takes part in pathogenesis of several autoimmune diseases like systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.
IL-22 biological activity is initiated by binding to a cell-surface complex composed of IL-22R1 and IL-10R2 receptor chains and further regulated by interactions with a soluble binding protein, IL-22BP, which shares sequence similarity with an extracellular region of IL-22R1 (sIL-22R1). IL-22 and IL-10 receptor chains play a role in cellular targeting and signal transduction to selectively initiate and regulate immune responses. IL-22 can contribute to immune disease through the stimulation of inflammatory responses, S100s and defensins. IL-22 also promotes hepatocyte survival in the liver and epithelial cells in the lung and gut similar to IL-10. In some contexts, the pro-inflammatory versus tissue-protective functions of IL-22 are regulated by the often co-expressed cytokine IL-17A
Target tissue
Targets of this cytokine are mostly non-hematopoietic cells – epithelial and stromal cells of following tissues and organs: liver, lung, skin, thymus, pancreas, kidney, gastrointestinal tract, synovial tissues, heart, breast, eye and adipose tissue.
Signaling
IL-22 is a member of a group of cytokines called the IL-10 family or IL-10 superfamily (including IL-19, IL-20, IL-24, and IL-26), a class of potent mediators of cellular inflammatory responses. It shares use of IL-10R2 in cell signaling with other members of this family, IL-10, IL-26, IL-28A/B and IL-29.
IL-22, signals through the interferon receptor-related proteins CRF2-4 and IL-22R. It forms cell surface complexes with IL-22R1 and IL-10R2 chains resulting in signal transduction through receptor, IL-10R2. The IL-22/IL-22R1/IL-10R2 complex activates intracellular kinases (JAK1, Tyk2, and MAP kinases) and transcription factors, especially STAT3. It can induce IL-20 and IL-24 signaling when IL-22R1 pairs with IL-20R2.
Regulation of production
IL-22 production is induced mainly through IL-23 receptor signalling. IL-23 is produced by dendritic cells after recognition of ligands by specific Toll-like receptors especially in combination with Dectin-1 and or NOD2 signalling. IL-1β stimulates IL-22 production too. On the other hand IL-22 binding protein is a soluble inhibitor which blocks receptor binding site of IL-22.
References
Further reading
Interleukins
Henry Simpson Johnston (December 30, 1867 – January 7, 1965) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a delegate to the Oklahoma Constitutional Convention, the first President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate, and the seventh governor of Oklahoma. He would become the second governor in Oklahoma history to be impeached and removed from office.
As governor, Johnston successfully proposed the establishment of a crippled children's hospital and a large increase to school aid funds. His trouble began with complaints about his private secretary holding too much power and making executive decisions that he should be making. After an unsuccessful and unconstitutional special session to impeach the governor in 1927, a new group of state lawmakers impeached the governor in 1929.
Johnston died in 1965 and is buried in Perry, Oklahoma.
Early life
Born in a log cabin on December 30, 1867, Johnston was a native of Evansville, Indiana. At age 24, Johnston would move to Colorado where he studied law and passed the bar exam in 1891. After a few years in Colorado, Johnston would move to Perry in Oklahoma Territory where he would become a powerful and popular figure throughout the area of Noble County.
Upon announcement that Oklahoma and Indian Territories were to combine into one state, Johnston was elected in 1906 to represent Noble and the surrounding counties at the Oklahoma Constitutional Convention. During the convention, Johnston would be elected to serve in the body's number-two office as the President Pro Tempore of the Convention. Johnston met future governors Charles N. Haskell, William H. Murray and Robert L. Williams. These men would work together to write one of the most progressive Constitutions of any U.S. state, as well as the longest governing document in the world at the time.
On November 16, 1907, the United States Congress accepted the Oklahoma Constitution. On the same day, Charles N. Haskell was inaugurated as the state's first governor. Before the state constitution was approved, Johnston ran and was elected to the Oklahoma Senate to serve in the 1st Oklahoma Legislature. A popular figure, Johnston was selected to serve as the first President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma Senate, the state senate's highest official behind the Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma, who serves as President of the Oklahoma Senate.
Among his most powerful supporters were prohibitionists, Protestant churchmen, and Freemasons. Johnston himself would serve as the Grand Master of the Masonic Lodge of Oklahoma. So popular was Johnston that he placed his name in the Democratic primary in 1926 to run for Governor of Oklahoma to replace outgoing Governor Martin E. Trapp. During the campaign, Johnston was supported by the Ku Klux Klan. Winning the general election, Johnston was inaugurated as the seventh governor of Oklahoma.
Governor of Oklahoma
On January 10, 1927, Johnston was inaugurated as the seventh Governor of Oklahoma with all the hopes of a successful administration. Immediately, the Oklahoma Legislature approved Johnston's appropriation proposals to establish a crippled children's hospital and increased school aid funds to over $1,500,000 a year. As one observer cited, it was the "highest public school subsidy in state history at the time."
However, problems would haunt Johnston's governorship from the beginning. Before the state legislature adjourned in May 1927, complaints were raised against Johnston's private secretary, Mrs. O. O. Hammonds. The legislative leaders believed Hammonds held too much power over the governor. It was even believed that she went so far to make executive decisions and appointments in her own right. Believing that Johnston was neglecting his duties, the leaders of the state legislature's demanded that she be immediately discharged from the governor's services.
Determined to impeach Johnston for neglect of his duties by the end of 1927, the legislative leaders met in special session under a newly adopted initiative proposition. This measure was introduced to deal with Governor Jack C. Walton's impeachment four years earlier. In this special session, the state legislature announced its plans to investigate the governor. Before the Oklahoma Legislature could act, the Oklahoma Supreme Court intervened to the benefit of Johnston. The court ruled in the case Simpson v. Hill that the Legislature's actions were unconstitutional and that they could only meet during regular sessions or at the call of the governor in special session. Following the Supreme Court's example, Oklahoma City's district court issued an injunction against the Oklahoma Legislature, preventing state lawmakers from convening.
Ignoring both courts, the state legislature proceeded with its plans and headed for the Oklahoma State Capitol to continue with impeachment charges. The Oklahoma Legislature was only stopped when Oklahoma National Guard troops, under the orders of Johnston, prevented them from entering the Capitol. This did not stop the Legislature from acting. The Legislature convened on December 13, 1927 in the Huckins Hotel in downtown Oklahoma City. There, the Oklahoma House of Representatives raised charges, which the Oklahoma Senate as the Court of Impeachment agreed to, against Governor Johnston and many members of his administration. However, realizing that the judicial branch sided with the executive branch on this matter and that the courts were concerned over the legality of their session, the state senate dismissed the issues and the state legislature adjourned. The whole event only made Johnston more popular and powerful. The people loved him for using the courts to decide the issue, rather than martial law.
Impeachment
Johnston returned to serve for several months without any harassment from the state legislature. However, everything changed toward the end of 1928. That year, the Democrats had selected Alfred Smith as their U.S. presidential nominee to challenge the Republican nominee, Herbert Hoover. Supporting his Democratic ally, Johnston campaigned in the state on Smith's behalf. Smith, a Catholic, supported the end of prohibition and he spoke out against "religious bigots." Hoover won the presidency in an overwhelming national landslide with 58% of the popular vote. In Oklahoma, Hoover did even better and trounced Smith with 63.7% of the vote and many Oklahoma Republicans won state offices on his coattails, including seats on the Oklahoma Supreme Court, a near majority in the Oklahoma House, and large gains in the Oklahoma Senate. Johnston was left alone as the only strong Democratic figure in the state.
When the state legislature met in regular session in 1929, both Democrats and Republicans crafted a second wave of impeachment charges. Of the thirteen charges presented by the Oklahoma House of Representatives, the state senate accepted eleven. On January 21, Johnston was officially suspended from office and Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma William J. Holloway became acting governor. Johnston's impeachment trial began on February 6 and would last over six weeks. The trial came to an end on March 20 with the state senate removing Johnston from office on the eleventh charge: general incompetence. The ten other charges were dismissed. On the same day, Holloway became the eighth governor of Oklahoma. He was the second lieutenant governor to become governor through the gubernatorial succession process in state history, the first being Martin E. Trapp.
Later life and legacy
Following impeachment, Johnston returned to practice law in Perry. Four years later, he would win a term in the state senate, serving from 1933 to 1937. After leaving the Senate, he would once again return to practice law in Perry, where he died at the age of 97 on January 7, 1965. He was the longest-lived governor in Oklahoma history, before or since. Johnston is buried in Perry.
The removal of Johnston proved to be the Oklahoma Legislature's apex of dominance against the other two branches of state government. Over the first two decades of Oklahoma's state existence, the state legislature had brought impeachment charges against four governors and had removed two. Only Governors Charles N. Haskell and Robert L. Williams would wield great executive power during this time.
Nationwide, it would be nearly 60 years before another U.S. governor was impeached—Governor Evan Mecham of Arizona in 1988.
State of the State Speeches
First State of the State Speech
Second State of the State Speech
Sources
Governor Henry Johnston
Oklahoma Supreme Court Case Simpson v. Hill
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Johnston, Henry
|-
|-
1867 births
1965 deaths
Colorado lawyers
Democratic Party governors of Oklahoma
Governors of Oklahoma
Impeached United States officials removed from office
Oklahoma Democrats
Oklahoma lawyers
Oklahoma state senators
People from Perry, Oklahoma
Politicians from Evansville, Indiana
Jose Meanuel Reio Mena Abrantes is an Angolan journalist, theatre critic and playwright. He is a former press secretary to the President of Angola. In 1986, he was awarded the Sonangol literature prize for his work, Ana. Zd e os escravos, a drama analyzing the roots of the slave trade from an Angola perspective.
Abrantes was born in Northern Malanje, he attended the Faculty of Letters, University of Lisbon where he studied Germanic languages graduating in 1969. Between 1970 and 1974, he was in exile in France. In 1975, he co-founded the Angolan Press Agency and was editor-in-chief from 1975 to 1981.
Works
Arena conta Zumbi (1964)
Ana. Zd e os escravos. (staged in 1980 and published in 1988)
Sequeira. Luis Lopes ou o mulato dos prodiqios. (1993)
References
Sources
Angolan writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Kolaka Regency (Kabupaten Kolaka) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. It covers an area of 2,958.69 km2 and had a population of 208,817 at the 2010 Census, rising to 237,587 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Kolaka.
Administrative districts
The Kolaka Regency was until 2013 divided into twenty districts (kecamatan). On 14 December 2012, the Indonesian Parliament approved the establishment of a new East Kolaka Regency (Kabupaten Kolaka Timur), and in 2013, under Law No. 8 of 2013, the nine eastern kecamatan were removed to form the new East Kolaka Regency, leaving the eleven western kecamatan in Kolaka Regency. A twelfth district (Iwoimendaa) has subsequently been added by splitting off the western villages of Wolo District. The twelve districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district headquarters.
Note: (a) the 2010 population of the new Iwoimendaa District is included in the 2010 figure for Wolo District, from which it was later cut out.
Climate
Kolaka Regency has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with moderate rainfall from August to October and heavy rainfall from November to July. The following climate data is for the town of Kolaka, the seat of regency.
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
The Tabeetha School is a school on Yefet Street #21 in Jaffa, a district of Tel Aviv, Israel, run by the Church of Scotland which "welcomes all children regardless of race, nationality, gender or religion". It was founded in 1863.
References
1863 establishments in Ottoman Syria
Church of Scotland
Jaffa
Schools in Tel Aviv
The Day Will Come is an album by English jazz pianist Howard Riley, which was recorded and released on CBS in 1970, and reissued on CD by Columbia in 1999. It features his working trio of that period, with bassist Barry Guy and drummer Alan Jackson.
Reception
The Penguin Guide to Jazz awarded the record one of its rare crown accolades and notes that "the introduction of Barry Guy as co-composer is the key factor in our very high rating for this record. It is he who balances the rather tender and melancholic cast of Riley's playing."
In a review for Record Collector, Ian McCann stated that, in relation to Angle, recorded the previous year, The Day Will Come "boasts one of the great baffling sleeves of its era, but has more musical clarity: witness the pensive 'Sad Was the Song' and 'Winter'. There's less urgency here – perhaps time has given the threesome the understanding to not have to try so hard – and it's by far the better album."
Track listing
All compositions by Howard Riley except as indicated
"Sphere" – 5:10
"Sad Was the Song" (Barry Guy) – 4:20
"Winter" – 4:15
"Dawn Vision" (Barry Guy) – 5:39
"Funeral Song" – 8:27
"Playtime" (Barry Guy) – 6:00
"Eclipse" – 6:05
"Deeper" – 5:10
"Games" (Barry Guy) – 5:00
"Score" – 1:54
"High" (Barry Guy) – 5:40
"The Day Will Come" (Barry Guy) – 3:47
Personnel
Howard Riley – piano
Barry Guy – bass
Alan Jackson – drums
References
1970 albums
Howard Riley (musician) albums
CBS Records albums
Sir Harry Ripley Mackeson, 1st Baronet (25 May 1905 – 25 January 1964) was a British soldier and Conservative politician.
Mackeson was the son of Henry Mackeson and Ella Cecil Ripley. He served in the Royal Scots Greys regiment of the British Army and achieved the rank of Brigadier. In 1945 he was elected to the House of Commons for Hythe, a seat he held until 1950 when the constituency was abolished, and then represented Folkestone and Hythe until 1959. Mackeson served under Winston Churchill as a Lord of the Treasury from 1951 to 1952 and as Secretary for Overseas Trade from 1952 to 1953. In 1954 he was created a Baronet, of Hythe in the County of Kent.
Mackeson married Alethea Cecil Chetwynd-Talbot, daughter of Reginald George Chetwynd-Talbot, in 1940. He died in January 1964, aged 58, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son Rupert.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
External links
1905 births
1964 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
British Army personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Ministers in the third Churchill government, 1951–1955
Royal Scots Greys officers
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
Vrakas (Greek: Βράκας) is a Greek surname that may refer to
Daniel P. Vrakas (born 1955), American Republican politician and businessman
Georgios Vrakas (born 2001), Greek football midfielder
Zisis Vrakas, 19th century Macedonian-Greek Macedonian revolutionary
Greek-language surnames
Nicholas Opiyo is a Ugandan human rights lawyer and campaigner for civil rights and political freedoms. He is the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda.
Background and Education
Opiyo grew up in Gulu northern Uganda at the height of the conflict between the government of Uganda and the Lord's resistance army of Joseph Kony. Many of his friends and family members including his sister were abducted by the rebels to serve as slaves, soldiers and labourers. His sister spent 8 years in the hands of the rebels before she escaped.
Opiyo once confessed he feared sleeping home and slept on streets because they seemed safer. All these experiences shaped his passion for defending human rights.
He studied his bachelor's of law (LLB) from Uganda Christian University in 2004 and a post graduate diploma in legal practice from Law Development Center Kampala in 2005.
Career
Opiyo focuses his work on political and civil rights especially; electoral law,restrictions of freedom of assembly, clampdown on freedom of speech and freedom of press.
He is also known for representing and availing legal aid to LGBT people in Uganda.
In 2013, Opiyo founded Chapter four Uganda to offer legal aid and advance civil rights in Uganda.
Opiyo was a member of the team of experts to the United Nations special rapporteur on the rights to peaceful assembly and Association until 2017.
He is also the board chairman of action aid Uganda, a member of the human rights advisory board benetech, a silicon valley human rights and tech company based in palo Alto in California and African middle eastern leadership project (AMEL), a Washington DC based think and action group.
Awards
In 2017, Opiyo received the German Africa prize and in 2015 had received the Voices for justice award from Human rights watch. Also in 2015, he was a recipient of the Alison Des forges Award for extraordinary activism. He also received the European Union parliament Sakharou fellows prize in 2016.
Opiyo won the 2021 Human rights Tulip prize that was started by the Dutch government in 2008 to support human rights defenders to boost visibility of their work and inspire other activists.
References
Living people
21st-century Ugandan lawyers
Uganda Christian University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Leandra Erin Ramm is an American singer and actress known for opera and musical theatre. She is an offspring of the Repository for Germinal Choice (otherwise known as "The Genius Sperm Bank").
Early life
Ramm was conceived from the Repository for Germinal Choice, otherwise known as the Genius Sperm Bank. Born in Roosevelt Island, New York, a small island in Manhattan's East River, she was brought up by her parents Adrienne and David Ramm. Her biological father, known as "Donor Clear," is a scientist who works at a university and has published major research in his field. Ramm has been featured in performances and interviews on many media outlets, including television appearances on Anderson Cooper 360°, The View, 60 Minutes, and Good Morning America.
Education and training
Ramm studied classical voice at Manhattan School of Music. She balanced performing and school and said in a television interview that what's important is "nature and nurture" After college she went on to perform as a young artist with Sarasota Opera, Des Moines Metro Opera, Opera Carolina, Arizona Opera and other opera companies. She began to add musical theatre to her repertoire in 2006 with roles such as Antonia in Man of la Mancha (Diablo Theatre Company), Estelle in The Full Monty (Media Theatre) and Leila in Iolanthe (Buxton Opera House) in the US and UK.
Performance career
Ramm is a classically trained mezzo-soprano whose performances have been described as "beautiful and quite moving" (Nordstjernan Newspaper), "clear" and "perfect" (bachtrack.com). Equally at home with opera and musical theatre, Ramm performs in both genres. She has performed at numerous concert venues throughout the world including Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, The United Nations, and Symphony Space. Some of her most notable roles are: One Night with You (one woman show at the United Solo Theater Festival), Hester Prynne, A for Adultery (The Little Times Square Theatre), Sarah, Darwin in Malibu (Indra's Net Theater), Tanya, Mamma Mia!, (Woodminster Summer Musicals), Leila, Iolanthe (International Gilbert & Sullivan Festival, Buxton Opera House, UK) and as a Lead Vocalist, Production Shows (Celebrity Cruises).
Discography
Mario and the Magician (2005)
Dream Angel (2010)
Invitation to a Voyage (2010)
One Night With You (2010)
You (2011)
L'amour (2011)
Running (2012)
How Can It Be (2012)
Magical Christmas Cheer (2012)
No Promises (2014)
Heavy Hearted (2014)
Seasons Change (2014)
The Fourth Messenger (2016)
Treasure Tower (2017)
Timeless, Cappella SF (2018)
Personal life
On February 23, 2014, Ramm married Jim Coniglio in Pittsburg, California at the California Theatre (it was the first wedding to take place there). The couple has three children.
Activism
Leandra Ramm is the co-founder of the non-profit organization, the Alliance Against Cybercrime and co-author of the book Stalking A Diva. She contributed to the development of the Protection from Harassment Act in Singapore, a new piece of legislation that was established in 2014. Ramm has spoken at the Council of International Investigators, and virtual harassment seminars about cybercrime laws and internet safety.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Actresses from New York City
American women singer-songwriters
American musical theatre actresses
People from Roosevelt Island
Singers from New York City
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
The 2006–07 Egyptian Super Cup was the sixth edition of the Egyptian Super Cup, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's Egyptian Premier League and Egypt Cup. The match is usually contested by the winners of the Premier League and the Egypt Cup, but since Al Ahly won the double (2005–06 Egyptian Premier League and 2005–06 Egypt Cup), ENPPI qualified instead of Zamalek (second-placed in the league and cup), who was prevented from playing the match by decision of the football association. The match was played at the Cairo International Stadium. Al Ahly defended the trophy they won in the previous edition and defeated Enppi 1–0.
Details
References
2006–07 in Egyptian football
Egyptian Super Cup
Al Ahly SC matches
ENPPI SC matches
Mads Bech Sørensen (born 7 January 1999), sometimes known as Mads Bech, is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Ligue 1 club Nice, on loan from club Brentford. Sørensen began his career in his native Denmark with AC Horsens and transferred to Brentford in 2017. He was capped by Denmark at youth level.
Club career
AC Horsens
A defender, Sørensen began his youth career with Østbirk IF as a juvenile, before transferring to the academy at AC Horsens in 2011. After progressing through the youth ranks, he won his maiden call into the first team squad for a Danish 1st Division match versus HB Køge on 3 May 2015. At age 16 years, three months and 26 days, Sørensen became Horsens' youngest-ever player when he started in the 1–1 draw and he remained on the pitch until being substituted for Malthe Boesen (the player who had previously held the record) after 75 minutes. He made five further appearances during the remainder of the 2014–15 season and signed a new two-year contract on 9 June 2015.
Over the course of the 2015–16 and 2016–17 seasons, Sørensen continued to make a handful of appearances a season, mostly as a substitute, even after Horsens' promotion to the Superliga in 2016. After signing a new three-year contract in May 2016, Sørensen made 10 appearances during the 2016–17 season and scored his first senior goal with a consolation in a 3–1 DBU Pokalen last-16 defeat to AGF Aarhus on 15 March 2017. Sørensen appeared in Horsens' opening three matches of the 2017–18 season and scoring the first league goal of his career in a 4–1 victory over Lyngby on 23 July 2017. Despite that excellent start to the season, he departed the club on 31 July, just two days after his final appearance for the club. In just over two years as a first team player at the CASA Arena, Sørensen made 25 appearances and scored two goals. While a Horsens player, Sørensen filled the roles of left back, central defender, left midfield and emerged as a throw-in specialist, after receiving coaching from Thomas Grønnemark.
Brentford
2017–2019
On 31 July 2017, Sørensen moved to England to join the B team at Championship club Brentford on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee. Injuries to first team central defenders John Egan, Andreas Bjelland and Chris Mepham saw Sørensen feature as an unused substitute on five occasions during the 2017–18 season. He battled with homesickness during the season and adjusting to life in London, but received support on the field from Danish teammate Andreas Bjelland and off it from the club's sleep coach. Sørensen was promoted into the first team squad for the 2018–19 season and made his debut for the club with a start in an EFL Cup first round match versus Southend United on 14 August 2018, but he was substituted with a dead leg after half an hour of the 4–2 victory. After returning to fitness, a knee injury suffered in October kept him out of action for months. A season-ending injury suffered by central defender Yoann Barbet in late March 2019 allowed Sørensen to break into the starting lineup and he finished the 2018–19 season with 10 appearances.
2019–20 and loan to AFC Wimbledon
A medial collateral ligament injury suffered prior to Brentford's first friendly of the 2019–20 pre-season kept Sørensen out until late September 2019. He resumed his involvement with the first team squad in November 2019 and made two appearances before signing a new -year contract in January 2020. Down the pecking order, on 9 January 2020, Sørensen joined League One club AFC Wimbledon on loan until the end of the 2019–20 season. The COVID-19 pandemic and the cancellation of the League One regular season led to his early return from the loan in March 2020. Sørensen made 9 appearances and helped the Dons to avoid relegation to League Two. Sørensen was ineligible to play during the remainder of Brentford's 2019–20 season, which ended with defeat in the 2020 Championship play-off Final.
2020–21
After beginning the 2020–21 season making exclusively EFL Cup appearances, by November 2020, injury and illness suffered by central defenders Pontus Jansson and new signing Charlie Goode respectively allowed Sørensen to break into the league lineup alongside Ethan Pinnock. He started all but one match of Brentford's run to the EFL Cup semi-finals and became the first team's throw-in specialist, after having received further coaching from Thomas Grønnemark during the 2017–18 season and extending the length of his throws to . On 24 January 2021, Sørensen scored his first Brentford goal with the opener in a 3–1 FA Cup fourth round defeat to Leicester City. Injury to left back Rico Henry in February 2021 saw Sørensen deployed in the position until head coach Thomas Frank switched to a 3-5-2 formation in mid-April, at which time he dropped out of the starting lineup. Sørensen's breakthrough season was ended prematurely in May 2021, due to the necessary removal of his appendix and a stress fracture to his shin. By that point of the 2020–21 season, he had made 39 appearances and scored three goals. In his absence, Brentford gained promotion to the Premier League after a successful playoff campaign.
2021–22
Sørensen returned fit for Brentford's 2021–22 pre-season and began the regular season fourth in the central defensive pecking order behind Pontus Jansson, Ethan Pinnock and new signing Kristoffer Ajer. He suffered a medial knee injury on his second appearance of the season, during a 3–1 EFL Cup second round win over Forest Green Rovers on 24 August 2021. He returned to the matchday squad in late November and had to wait until 22 December to make his comeback, with a start in a 2–0 EFL Cup quarter-final defeat to Chelsea. The departure of Charlie Goode on loan and injuries suffered by Ethan Pinnock and Zanka allowed Sørensen to start in Brentford's final five Premier League matches of the season. Sørensen finished a mid-table 2021–22 season with 15 appearances.
2022–23 and loan to Nice
Despite injuries to Ethan Pinnock, Kristoffer Ajer, Charlie Goode and with Zanka yet to sign a new contract, Sørensen began the 2022–23 season as third-choice centre back, behind Pontus Jansson and new signing Ben Mee. After just 17 minutes of Premier League football and one EFL Cup start (on which he scored) during the opening month of the regular season, Sørensen joined French Ligue 1 club Nice on loan until the end of the 2022–23 season.
International career
Sørensen won his maiden call into the Denmark U18 squad in September 2016 and made 7 appearances during the 2016–17 season, captaining the team and scoring once in a 4–2 friendly victory over Belarus U18 on 18 October. He was promoted into the U19 squad in January 2017 and made two appearances during the remainder of the 2016–17 season. In mid-August 2017, Sørensen was named as captain of the Denmark U19 squad for the 2017 Four Nations Tournament, in which he made two appearances. Sørensen appeared in six of the 10 matches during the U21 team's successful 2021 European U21 Championship qualifying campaign and he was named in the squad for the Finals. He started each of Denmark's group matches and scored in a 2–0 win over Iceland U21 on 28 March 2021. Injury saw Sørensen replaced in the squad for the knockout stages, though his group stage performances were such that he was named in the Squad of the Tournament.
On 24 May 2022, Sørensen won his maiden call-up to the senior team when he was named in the initial 29-man squad for four 2022–23 Nations League A match in June 2022. He was cut from the final 26-man selection.
Personal life
Sørensen began his sporting career as a handball player, before switching to football. He is an Arsenal supporter.
Career statistics
Honours
UEFA European U21 Championship Squad of the Tournament: 2021
References
External links
Mads Bech Sørensen at brentfordfc.com
Mads Bech Sørensen at ogcnice.com
1999 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
AC Horsens players
Brentford F.C. players
Denmark youth international footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Danish expatriate sportspeople in England
Association football central defenders
Association football fullbacks
Association football midfielders
People from Horsens
English Football League players
Denmark under-21 international footballers
AFC Wimbledon players
Premier League players
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Danish expatriate sportspeople in France
OGC Nice players
