Naringin dihydrochalcone, sometimes abbreviated to naringin DC, is an artificial sweetener derived from naringin, a bitter compound found in citrus.
Naringin dihydrochalcone is a phloretin glycoside discovered at the same time as neohesperidin dihydrochalcone during the 1960s as part of a United States Department of Agriculture research program to find methods for minimizing the taste of bitter flavorants in citrus juices.
When naringin is treated with potassium hydroxide or another strong base, and then catalytically hydrogenated, it becomes a dihydrochalcone that is roughly 300–1800 times sweeter than sugar at threshold concentrations.
References
External links
Sugar substitutes
Dihydrochalcone glycosides
C.W. Raines (born in the United States) is an American retired soccer player.
References
American soccer players
Living people
Association football defenders
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bosnia and Herzegovina participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with the song "Na jastuku za dvoje" written by Dragan Mijatović and Ružica Čavić. The song was performed by Maja Tatić. The Bosnian broadcaster Public Broadcasting Service of Bosnia and Herzegovina (PBSBiH) organised the national final BH Eurosong 2002 in order to select the Bosnian entry for 2002 contest in Tallinn, Estonia. Sixteen entries participated during the show on 23 February 2002 where the winner was determined over two rounds of voting. The top four entries in the first round selected by an eight-member jury advanced to the second round, during which "Na jastuku za dvoje" performed by Maja Tatić was selected as the winner.
Bosnia and Herzegovina competed in the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 25 May 2002. Performing during the show in position 15, Bosnia and Herzegovina placed thirteenth out of the 24 participating countries, scoring 33 points.
Background
Prior to the 2002 contest, Bosnia and Herzegovina had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest seven times since its first entry in . The nation's best placing in the contest was seventh, which it achieved in 1999 with the song "Putnici" performed by Dino and Béatrice. Bosnia and Herzegovina's least successful result has been 22nd place, which they have achieved in . The Bosnian national broadcaster, Public Broadcasting Service of Bosnia and Herzegovina (PBSBiH), broadcasts the event within Bosnia and Herzegovina and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. In 1999 and , PBSBiH had selected the Bosnian entry through a national final that featured several artists and songs, a procedure that was continued for their 2002 entry.
Before Eurovision
BH Eurosong 2002
The seventh edition of BH Eurosong, BH Eurosong 2002, was held on 23 February 2002 at the FTV studios in Sarajevo and hosted by Segmedina Srna and Mladen Vuković. The show was broadcast on BHTV1 as well as streamed online via the broadcaster's website pbsbih.ba.
Competing entries
115 valid submissions out of 170 were received during a submission period where artists and composers to submit their entries, and the broadcaster announced the sixteen entries selected to compete in the national final on 11 January 2002. Among the selected songwriters included 1999 Bosnian Eurovision entrant Dino Dervišhalidović. The eight-member selection committee that determined the competing entries from the received submissions consisted of Milorad Kenjalović (Dean of Academy of Arts at the University of Banja Luka), Dragan Džidić (director of Melodije Mostara), Elmir Rekić (director of Festival Bihać), Ismeta Dervoz (FTV Eurovision Song Contest 2002 executive producer), Miroslav Maraus (Bosnian Head of Delegation at the Eurovision Song Contest), Sinan Alimanović (music director of PBSBiH), Vasilije Pokrajčić (music director of RTRS) and Luka Sekara (professor).
Final
The final was held on 23 February 2002 at the FTV studios in Sarajevo. Sixteen entries participated and two rounds of jury voting selected the winner. In the first round, the top four entries were selected by an eight-member jury to proceed to the second round, the superfinal. In the superfinal, an alternate three-member jury selected "Na jastuku za dvoje" performed by Maja Tatić as the winner. The eight-member jury panel that voted during the first round consisted of Nino Pršeš (2001 Bosnian Eurovision entrant), Vesna Smiljanić (music professor), Blaž Slišković (football manager), Dragan Kostić (director of the Banja Luka Clinical Center), Mladen Vojičić Tifa (singer), Mediha Musliović (actress), Vehid Šehić (President of the Forum of Tuzla Citizens) and Vesna Andree-Zaimović (musicologist), while the three-member jury panel that voted during the second round consisted of Miroslav Maraus (Bosnian Head of Delegation at the Eurovision Song Contest), Amila Bakšić (opera director of the Sarajevo National Theatre) and Vasilije Pokrajčić (music director of RTRS).
At Eurovision
According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the bottom six countries in the 2001 contest competed in the final. On 9 November 2001, a special allocation draw was held which determined the running order and Bosnia and Herzegovina was set to perform in position 15, following the entry from the Denmark and before the entry from Belgium. Bosnia and Herzegovina finished in thirteenth place with 33 points.
The show was broadcast in Bosnia and Herzegovina on BHTV1 with commentary by Ismeta Dervoz-Krvavac. The Bosnian spokesperson, who announced the Bosnian votes during the show, was Segmedina Srna.
Voting
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Bosnia and Herzegovina and awarded by Bosnia and Herzegovina in the contest. The nation awarded its 12 points to Sweden in the contest.
References
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
The 1988 Senior PGA Tour was the ninth season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 34 official money events with purses totalling $10,370,000, including three majors. Bob Charles and Gary Player won the most tournaments, five. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1988 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Shooting first entered the Summer Paralympic Games in 1976. Australia has competed at every Paralympic shooting competition.
Medalists
As of the 2012 Games.
Summer Paralympics
1976
Australia won 1 gold medal.
1980
Australia won 2 gold medals, 3 silver medals and 1 bronze medal.
1984
Australia won 9 gold medals.
1988
Australia won 3 gold medals and 1 silver medal.
1992
No Medals
1996
Australia won 1 silver medal.
2000
Australia won 1 silver medal.
2004
Australia won 1 silver medal and 1 bronze medal.
2008
No medals.
2012
Australia won 1 bronze medal.
See also
Australian Paralympic Shooting Team
References
Paralympic shooters of Australia
Shooting
Paralympic
Tsukuryne () is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 33.58%
Russian 65.63%
Belarusian 0.21%
Moldovan (Romanian) and German 0.04%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Robert D. Stolorow (born 1942) is a psychoanalyst and philosopher, known for his works on intersubjectivity theory, post-Cartesian psychoanalysis, and emotional trauma. Important books include: Faces in a Cloud (1979, 1993), Structures of Subjectivity (1984, 2014), Psychoanalytic Treatment: An Intersubjective Approach (1987), Contexts of Being (1992), Working Intersubjectively (1997), Worlds of Experience (2002), Trauma and Human Existence (2007), and World, Affectivity, Trauma: Heidegger and Post-Cartesian Psychoanalysis (2011).
Awards
2012: Hans W. Loewald Memorial Award from the International Forum for Psychoanalytic Education
Publications
Stolorow, R. D. & Atwood, G. E. (1979, 1993). Faces in a Cloud: Subjectivity in Personality Theory. Northvale, NJ: Jason Aronson.
Atwood, G. E. & Stolorow, R. D. (1984, 2014). Structures of Subjectivity: Explorations in Psychoanalytic Phenomenology and Contextualism. London & New York: Routledge.
Stolorow, R. D., Brandchaft, B., & Atwood, G. E. (1987). Psychoanalytic Treatment: An Intersubjective Approach. Hillsdale, NJ: Analytic Press.
Stolorow, R. D. & Atwood, G. E. (1992). Contexts of Being: The Intersubjective Foundations of Psychological Life. Hillsdale, NJ: Analytic Press.
Orange, D. M., Atwood, G. E., & Stolorow, R. D. (1997). Working Intersubjectively: Contextualism in Psychoanalytic Practice. Hillsdale, NJ: Analytic Press.
Stolorow, R. D., Atwood, G. E., & Orange, D. M. (2002). Worlds of Experience: Interweaving Philosophical and Clinical Dimensions in Psychoanalysis. New York: Basic Books.
Stolorow, R. D. (2007). Trauma and Human Existence: Autobiographical, Psychoanalytic, and Philosophical Reflections. New York: Routledge.
Stolorow, R. D. (2011). World, Affectivity, Trauma: Heidegger and Post-Cartesian Psychoanalysis. New York: Routledge.
References
External links
Interview by Figure/Ground Communication
Living people
American psychologists
American psychoanalysts
Jewish psychoanalysts
Relational psychoanalysts
American philosophers
1942 births
Bachpan (Hindi: बचपन, Childhood) is a 1945 Hindi drama film directed by Homi Wadia. It was produced by Homi Wadia's Basant Films and had music by S. N. Tripathi. The film starred Mazhar Khan, Chandraprabha, Shashi Kapoor Sr., Gulab, Dalpat, Baby Shakuntala, Dixit, Baby Madhuri.
Cast
Mazhar Khan
Baby Madhuri
Chandraprabha
Nandrekar
Dixit
Shakuntala
Gulab
Dalpat
Shashi Kapoor
Music
The film's music was composed by S. N. Tripathi, with lyrics written by I. C. Kapoor.
Song List
References
External links
1945 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Indian drama films
1945 drama films
Hindi-language drama films
The National Consumer Agency (NCA; ) was a statutory body enforcing consumer protection in Ireland from 2007 to 2014, when it amalgamated with the Competition Authority to form the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission.
Establishment
The NCA was preceded by the office of Director of Consumer Affairs established by the Consumer Information Act 1978, which was a civil service office under the Minister for Industry, Commerce and Energy.
The NCA's origins can be traced to the setting up of the Consumer Strategy Group (CSG) in March 2004. The Consumer Protection Act 2007 implemented many of the group's recommendations, including replacing the Director of Consumer Affairs with an independent agency.
Work
The CSG presented its report, “Making Consumers Count”, to the then Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Employment, Micheál Martin, in April 2005. Among the report's key recommendations was the establishment of a new agency to champion consumer rights.
The NCA was set up on an interim basis in May 2005, and established on a statutory footing on 1 May 2007. Its first chief executive was Ann Fitzgerald, a former chief executive of the Irish Association of Investment Managers. She also chaired the Consumer Strategy Group.
The Irish government announced in its 2009 Budget on 14 October 2008 that the NCA would be amalgamated with the Competition Authority, as part of a rationalisation programme that will reduce the number of state agencies in the country by 41.
The NCA's campaigns included naming and shaming retailers who are caught breaking consumer law, preventing car dealers "clocking" second-hand cars (altering vehicles' odometers), and intervention in high-profile consumer disputes including ones with NTL Ireland, Aer Lingus and MCD Promoters These interventions resulted in speedy and satisfactory resolutions to the benefit of consumers.
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/consumer-agency-pulls-drug-price-survey-over-errors-1.1343496
The agency also carried out a series of price comparison surveys between leading supermarket chains, and cross-border comparisons of grocery items in stores' branches in the Republic and Northern Ireland.
On 2 September 2008 the agency published draft guidelines for the retail sector about how they should advertise price reductions, and related matters such as how long an item needs to be on sale at a higher price before advertising it with a reduced price comparison.
In December the same year there was a nationwide withdrawal of pigmeat from retail outlets after a dioxin contamination scare. The NCA successfully campaigned for full compensation for consumers after initial reluctance by some supermarket chains to refund products that were not their own brands.
On 18 June 2009, Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan TD for the Irish Government established a single fully integrated regulatory institution, the Central Bank of Ireland.
As part of this change, the Financial Regulator's consumer information and education role was reassigned to the National Consumer Agency.
On 16 August 2010 the NCA published its response to the Department of Environment, Heritage and Local Government's Review of the Retail Planning Guidelines (RPGs) Issues Paper.
ConsumerProperty.ie
In late September 2008 the National Consumer Agency launched a guide and a dedicated website, ConsumerProperty.ie, for people living in or planning on buying multi-unit dwellings. The website and guide had information and tips on consumers' rights and responsibilities if living in apartments, gated communities and other multi-unit developments.
The guide, "Buying and Living in a Multi-Unit Development Property" in Ireland, was available in booklet format or as a download from the website. It contained information on legal terms, Property management companies and agents, service charges, sinking funds, the function of developers, identifying defects (snagging), insurance and fire safety.
Economiser
On 30 March 2010 the NCA launched the Economiser. This interactive tool advised consumers how much more or less they were spending than the average most relevant to them in Ireland, based on the profiling information they had provided.
This unique tool addressed five key expenditure areas:
Groceries
Energy
TV and telecoms (other than mobile)
Mobile phones
Motoring – petrol and diesel costs
Shop Smart
In April 2010 the NCA launched an interactive game set in a virtual shopping centre called Shop Smart. It tested young consumers' knowledge of their consumer rights and consumer issues in Ireland.
The game was aimed at Irish Junior Certificate and Leaving Certificate students who were studying Home Economics, Business Studies and Civic, Social and Political Education (CSPE).
Amalgamation with the Competition Authority
In November 2008, the Government announced the amalgamation of the National Consumer Agency and the Competition Authority as part of a rationalisation of State agencies. On 31 March 2014 the Competition and Consumer Protection Bill was published. On 31 July Richard Bruton, TD, Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation announced that the legislation would commence and the new Competition and Consumer Protection Commission would be established on 31 October 2014.
The Competition and Consumer Protection Commission has a dual mandate to enforce competition and consumer law. Both organisations continued to perform their statutory functions until the merger was formed on 31 October 2014.
The Competition and Consumer Protection Commission is governed by an executive Chair and Membership structure. The Competition and Consumer Protection Act, 2014 allows for a Chair and between two and six Members.
The former Chair of the Competition Authority, Isolde Goggin, was appointed Chairperson of the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission on taking up her former role in 2011. Ms Goggin is supported in her role by the Members of the new Commission which include two former Members of the Competition Authority, Fergal O'Leary and Patrick Kenny, and the former Chief Executive of the National Consumer Agency, Karen O'Leary, all of whom were appointed Members-designate of the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission by the Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation upon taking up their current positions.
References
Irish Government's Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation
Article one about establishment of National Consumer Agency
Article two about establishment of National Consumer Agency
Consumer Protection Act 2007
External links
NCA.ie – the NCA's website for consumers
corporate.NCA.ie – the NCA's corporate site, aimed more at businesses (explaining consumer legislation and their obligations to consumers), plus researchers and the media
ConsumerProperty.ie – the NCA's site about buying an apartment or house in a multi-unit development in Ireland – find out more about the issues and get tips and resources
Defunct government agencies of Ireland
Consumer rights agencies
2007 establishments in Ireland
2014 disestablishments in Ireland
Matylda Getter (1870–1968) was a Polish Catholic nun, mother provincial of CSFFM (lat. Congregatio Sororum Franciscalium Familiae Mariae) - Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary in Warsaw and social worker in pre-war Poland. In German-occupied Warsaw during World War II she cooperated with Irena Sendler and the Żegota resistance organization in saving the lives of hundreds of Jewish children from the Warsaw Ghetto. She was recognized as one of Polish Righteous among the Nations by Yad Vashem. for her rescue activities.
Biography
She started social work before World War II and she received a number of the highest national distinctions in honor of her achievements in her educational and social work. She had founded over twenty education and care facilities for children in Anin, Białołęka, Chotomów, Międzylesie, Płudy, Sejny, Wilno and others.
Activity during World War II
From the beginning of the war the Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary, “in the spirit of Christian love and Franciscan joy,” brought aid to those in need, both civilians and members of the Polish underground. Sisters arranged work, provided shelter and distributed false documents. During the Warsaw Uprising in the provincial house at Hoża St. 53, the sisters ran a paramedical station and a soup kitchen, later turned into a hospital.
Mother Matylda Getter declared that she would take in every Jewish child she could. During the occupation, the Order's Sisters rescued between 250 and 550 Jewish children from the ghetto. Mother Matylda risked her life and the lives of her Sisters by taking the children into her orphanages and hiring adults to work with them, caring for the children in facilities scattered around Poland. As the superior of the Warsaw Province of the Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary, she took on the responsibility of obtaining birth certificates for the children and hiding them in the order's educational institutions.
Bibliography
Mordecai Paldiel "Churches and the Holocaust: unholy teaching, good samaritans, and reconciliation" p. 209-210, KTAV Publishing House, Inc., 2006, ,
„Siostry Zakonne w Polsce. Słownik biograficzny”, t. 1, p. 93.,
"Kościół katolicki na ziemiach Polski w czasie II wojny światowej", t. XI, Warszawa 1981
"Siostry Rodziny Maryi z pomocą dzieciom polskim i żydowskim w Międzylesiu i Aninie", Biblioteka Wawerska, Warszawa 2006,
"Za cenę życia", "Ład", Warszawa, 1983 nr 17 1983,
"Wspomnienie... o Matce Matyldzie Getter "Matusia", "Słowo Powszechne", 1968, nr 35
References
External links
Artykuł na temat akcji ratowania Żydów przez siostry franciszkanki na stronach Radia Maryja
Spotkanie ocalonych z siostrami franciszkankami po 60 latach
Polscy Sprawiedliwi - Przywracanie Pamięci; Muzeum Historii Żydów Polskich
Matylda Getter – her activity to save Jews' lives at the Holocaust, at Yad Vashem website
1870 births
1968 deaths
Nuns from Warsaw
Catholic Righteous Among the Nations
Polish humanitarians
Women humanitarians
Polish resistance members of World War II
Polish Righteous Among the Nations
Polish Roman Catholics
Franciscan nuns
20th-century Polish women
Arthur Taylor House in Paris, Idaho was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Idaho
1890s architecture in the United States
Houses in Bear Lake County, Idaho
National Register of Historic Places in Bear Lake County, Idaho
Newhouse Farmhouse, Llanvetherine, Monmouthshire is a farmhouse dating from the late-16th century. It is a Grade II* listed building. Its associated barns and stable block have their own Grade II listings.
History
The architectural historian John Newman dates the farmhouse to the late 16th century, describing it as “much altered”. Cadw suggests a somewhat later date for the main block, of 1600. Sir Cyril Fox and Lord Raglan, in their three-volume history Monmouthshire Houses, record 17th century extensions and alterations. Cadw attributes the parlour range to 1635.
Architecture and description
The farmhouse is constructed of rubble stone, with a slate roof, replaced in the 20th century. It is of two-storeys, with gables. Newhouse Farm is a Grade II* listed building. Its two barns and the associated stable block have their own Grade II listings.
Notes
References
Grade II* listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Farmhouses in Wales
Grade II* listed houses in Wales
The Indigenous-Aboriginal Party of Australia is a minor Australian political party, launched and based in Wilcannia, New South Wales. The party's main objective is to tackle Indigenous issues and for Indigenous rights and to stop development projects destroying native land. It was formed in 2020, and gained federal registration on 29 November 2021. , it is stated to have over 2,000 members.
The party was formed in October 2020 by Owen Whyman, who is of Paakantyi and Malyangapa origin, and is open to Indigenous and non-Indigenous people. However, all party board members and candidates must be Indigenous.
, the party has six candidates for the 2022 federal election, with Whyman running in the Senate for New South Wales.
References
2020 establishments in Australia
Indigenous Australian politics
Political parties established in 2020
Political parties in Australia
Indigenist political parties in Oceania
Carole Smith (born August 1954) is an education administrator in Portland, Oregon, who was the Superintendent of Portland Public Schools from 2007 until 2016.
Earlier Life
Smith served as Executive Director of Open Meadows School in Portland, Oregon from 1982 to 2005.
Time as Superintendent
Smith was hired as Superintendent of Portland Public Schools in 2007, to replace Vicki Phillips.
For the first three years of her time as Superintendent, Smith and the School Board had set forth three Student Achievement targets; which were to increase the number of third graders exceeding State reading standards, the number of seventh graders passing the state writing test, and the number of Freshmen passing the expected number of classes, all by at least five percent. While third graders' and freshmen's scores improved in these respective areas, none of the three goals were met. Despite that, in October 2010, Smith received a highly positive report on her first three years, allowing her to continue her career as Superintendent.
In 2015, Smith shifted the start of the school year from the day after Labor Day to the week before, citing concerns that Portland Public Schools has one of the shortest school years in the United States. Soon after her announcement, the nearby school districts in Lake Oswego, West Linn School District, and Forest Grove changed their schedules similarly.
In March 2016, Smith announced a number of changes to school boundaries, due to concerns of overcrowding. In the same month, she donated an empty school building to the City for use as a homeless shelter, in return for free TriMet bus passes for high school students.
Retirement
In June 2016, Smith announced that she would be stepping down from the role of Superintendent after just one more year. However, on July 18, 2016, she announced that she would be stepping down immediately. Her announcement came shortly after a report had been released on Portland Public Schools' lead testing after the school board released a damning report showing how Portland Public Schools dropped the ball on testing water for lead, fixing problems that were found and notifying the public of test results. She was required to give the district 90 days notice before stepping down, although she had at least 90 days of unused vacation days, and in effect retired immediately. Smith denied having known about elevated lead levels until testing began in late May 2016.
References
External links
Carole Smith's Resume
"Stoll Berne Report to the Portland Public Schools Board of Education" (Lead Investigation Report)
Performance Appraisal: Superintendent Carole Smith
Letter by Carole Smith announcing her retirement
1954 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Portland Public Schools (Oregon)
School superintendents in Oregon
21st-century American women educators
21st-century American educators
20th-century American women educators
20th-century American educators
Women school principals and headteachers
A joint snake is a legendary creature of the Southern United States, the myth likely having spread elsewhere. Supposedly, the joint snake can break itself (or be cut) into pieces and will reassemble itself. It is said that if a piece of the snake is taken and the pocket knife used to cut the snake is set down in the place of the snake's piece, the knife will join up with the whole of the snake.
Explanations
The myth is probably based on legless lizards that can regenerate their tails after they are broken off. Such lizards are often called joint, or, more commonly, glass snakes. According to travelers' accounts, their skin is as hard as parchment and as smooth as glass. It is so stiff that it can hardly bend itself. It is streaked with black and white.
Depictions
A joint snake symbolizes the American colonies in Benjamin Franklin's 1754 political cartoon, "Join, or Die".
Notes
American folklore
Fearsome critters
Whale mounds are Mounds dedicated to Whales that have been washed up on the shore, a custom unique to Japan.
Overview
This mound was built as a memorial to the life of Cetacean stranding, a type of whale that was caught (passive whaling) and used as food and resources, as well as to express gratitude for the fact that the area was saved and enriched. Ebisu (mythology) and the belief in a "leaning god". Since whales were regarded as deities (in some areas, they were also called Ebisu as an incarnation of Ebisu), they were enshrined to prevent them from becoming "raging God" by accidentally drifting ashore or losing their lives to whaling. It is also a mound enshrined to prevent God from becoming a "raging mound. [It is found at Toda Shrine in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and Whale Shrine in Miyake-jima, Tokyo.
After the establishment of organized whaling after the Edo period, there are also mounds built as memorials and thanksgivings in areas where Whaling was a livelihood, such as the Ryujima area near Ukishima Shrine in Chiba Prefecture and Taiji.
Because the arrival of whales coincides with the arrival of fish, whales were thought to have spiritual power and were used as fishing guides. For this reason, the whale, in the form of Ebisu, was enshrined as a god of fishing to bring good fortune to fishermen and as a sea god to pray for safety at sea.
In the same way, whale graves and monuments exist in areas where whaling has been a livelihood since ancient times, as well as passive and accidental whaling, and when combined with whale mounds, there are about 100 of them in Japan.
Examples
They are found throughout the coastal areas of Japan. They vary in form, some are Stone Monuments, Towers, Shrines (wooden or stone), and some are just mounds of rocks placed on top of the bones of some of the remains, heaped with earth
Tohoku
The following is an example from Miyagi Prefecture Kesennuma City Karakuwa Town.
It is said that one day during a storm, two white whales carried a sinking ship to shore, supporting it from both sides. Since then, the people of Karakuwa Town have not eaten whale for generations.
In the precincts of Misaki Shrine in Karakuwa Town, there are several stone monuments of "whale mounds" where whales were sacrificed. This is not the origin of the aforementioned tradition, but a remnant of the time when whale fishing was practiced. It is thought that the aforementioned folklore was born as an interpretation of the whale mounds after whale fishing ceased.
Shikoku
Examples from Ehime Prefecture Seiyo City Akehama Town are as follows.
There are three whale mounds in the Akehama-cho area of Seiyo City (formerly Akehama Town), but the best known is the one in Takayama District. The best known is the whale mound in the Takayama area, located on the roadside of the national highway facing the sea between Takayama village, where the city's Akihama General Branch Office is located, and Ohsatsu Beach. This place was called Maruishi Tsunadai in old times.
On June 21 (July 23 in the lunar calendar) of 1837 (the eighth year of Tenpo), a large whale washed up on this beach. That year, the village was suffering from a great famine called Tenpō famine, but thanks to this whale, the villagers somehow managed not to starve to death. In gratitude for this, the villagers dedicated it as Whale-sama. The preceptor's name, Rinno-in-den Hokkai Zenka Daishi, was given to him, and he was dedicated with great devotion. The inscription on the tombstone was written by the lord of the Uwajima Domain, Munenori Date. The name "In-dono Dai-iiji" was a nobleman's name at the time, and is very rare in Japan.
It is a tangible folk cultural property designated by the town.
Kanto
There are several whale mounds in the southern part of the Bōsō Peninsula in Chiba Prefecture.
In Kyonan-cho, Chiba Prefecture, whaling was practiced from the Edo period to the Meiji period by the Daigo family and others, and one stone shrine was built per year at Bensaiten in Itaigaya.
Whaling was also practiced in Otohama, Shirahama-cho, Minamibōsō-shi, Chiba Prefecture, from the Edo period to the Meiji period, and a whale mound was built around 1871 for fishermen to pray for safety before going fishing.
A whale mound for mourning the whales caught in 1896 remains at Choshoji Temple in Senda, Chikura-cho, Minamiboso City, Chiba Prefecture
A whale mound was built around 1871 to pray for the safety of fishermen before their departure.
There is a whale mound in Nagano Prefecture Saku City. In the past, whales came up to the Chikuma River in now Saku City, Nagano. In places where there was little water, the whale would block the river by lying on its side, and when water accumulated, it would rise at once. It is said that the whale was stopped by the inhabitants of the lower prefecture and its head was enshrined as Goshintai. For some reason, there are many legends of whales in the Saku area, which is far from the sea.
Whale Shrines
Whale shrines are secular names for shrines that are closely related to whaling, such as shrines where mounds are built in gratitude or remembrance of whales, or where the remains of whales are enshrined as Goshintai, or where the act of whaling itself is regarded as a ritual and Belief.
Suwa Shrine
In Nagasaki Prefecture, Suwa Shrine is located in Nagasaki City, and is dedicated to the Nagasaki Kunchi, an event that imitates whaling. For details, see Nagasaki Kunchi.
Hachiojigu
Kōchi Prefecture, Kami, Kōchi, Tosayamada, Kōchi. It was originally built in 1469 (the first year of Bunmei) in the former Meiji village of Hachioji, with the spirit of a branch of the Hachioji Palace in Omi. The shrine was moved to its present location in 1640 (Kan'ei17), where it became the Ujigami of the Ukitsu clan, a whaling group that has continued since the Edo period. Although it is a shrine, a whale rank is dedicated to it.
Whale Shrine
Tokyo Miyake Village, Akorasagahama. It has no official name, and is called only Whale Shrine. During the Tenpo era, Miyakejima was suffering from Famine and was on the verge of a crisis when in 1832 (the third year of the Tenpo era), a "stray whale" arrived and after an inspection by the authorities, the whale was sold and divided among five villages. The whale was divided among the five villages and they were saved from starvation. In gratitude, the bones of the whale were buried and a shrine was built.
Whale Palace
Nagano Prefecture Minamisaku-gun Sakuho Town has a whale shrine in Shimohata. Once upon a time, a whale came up the Chikuma River, and the residents of Shimohata stopped it, saying, "It's rare for a whale to come up to this place. Legend has it that they built a shrine to worship it. For some reason, there are many whale legends in this area far from the sea.
Whale Torii
A whale torii is a torii in which the torii of the shrine is made of whale bones (mainly ribs).
The oldest one in Japan is the torii of the Ebisu Shrine in Taiji Town, Wakayama Prefecture. This is mentioned in Ihara Saikaku's "Nihon Eitaigura" published in 1688 (Jōkyō5): "In the village of Taiji, Ominato, Kiiro, the wife and children sing. This place is prosperous and Wakamatsu village is standing. According to records, the current torii is the third generation, and it is unknown what it was made of before that. According to records, the current torii is the third generation, and it is not known what it was made of before that. These are all the whale torii gates that exist in Japan today, but there is also a Cape Eluanbi Shrine in Eluanbi, the southernmost point of Taiwan under Japanese rule at the time. There were also whale torii gates at three other shrines: Fudato Ebisu Shrine in Sakhalin, and Shikotan Shrine on Shikotan Island in the Northern Territories. Each of these five locations is either directly or indirectly related to whaling (such as whaling bases).
References
Footnotes
References
See also
Whale
Ebisu (mythology)
Whaling
Whale conservation
Mound
History of Ehime Prefecture
Japanese folk religion
Shinto shrines
Shinto
Fishing industry in Japan
Cultural history of Japan
Mounds
Whales
Pages with unreviewed translations
Eutreta is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
Systematics
Eutreta has three subgenera: Eutreta, Metatephritis and Setosigena.
These 36 species belong to the genus Eutreta:
Eutreta aczeli Lima, 1954
Eutreta angusta Banks, 1926
Eutreta apicalis (Coquillett, 1904)
Eutreta apicata Hering, 1935
Eutreta brasiliensis Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta caliptera (Say, 1830)
Eutreta christophe (Bates, 1933)
Eutreta coalita Blanc, 1979
Eutreta decora Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta diana (Osten Sacken, 1877)
Eutreta distincta (Schiner, 1868)
Eutreta divisa Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta eluta Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta fenestra Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta fenestrata (Foote, 1960)
Eutreta frontalis Curran, 1932
Eutreta frosti Hering, 1938
Eutreta hespera Banks, 1926
Eutreta intermedia Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta jamaicensis Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta latipennis (Macquart, 1843)
Eutreta longicornis Snow, 1894
Eutreta margaritata Hendel, 1914
Eutreta mexicana Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta novaeboracensis (Fitch, 1855)
Eutreta obliqua Stoltzfus, 1977
Eutreta oregona Curran, 1932
Eutreta parasparsa Blanchard, 1965
Eutreta patagiata Wulp, 1899
Eutreta pollinosa Curran, 1932
Eutreta rhinophora Hering, 1937
Eutreta rotundipennis (Loew, 1862)
Eutreta simplex Thomas, 1914
Eutreta sparsa (Wiedemann, 1830)
Eutreta xanthochaeta Aldrich, 1923
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Diptera of North America
Diptera of South America
The 1985 Primera División de Fútbol Profesional season 25, 1985. At the end of the regular season, the top 4 teams took part in the final group stage.
Atletico Marte, the best regular season team, won the championship match against Alianza, the best team in the final group.
Teams
Managerial changes
During the season
League standings
Final round standings
Final
First leg
Second leg
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in 1985 Seasons. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplaceAtletico Marte Raul Esnal
Jose Mario FigueroaC.D. Águila Alianza F.C. Óscar Biegler
Ruben Alonso
Carlos Reyes
Ramón Maradiaga Chalatenango
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement playerC.D. FAS C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo Salvador FilhoMetapan Once Lobos UCA BobadillaUES'''
External links
1985
1985–86 in Salvadoran football
William Rowlands (1802–1865), known as Gwylym Lleyn, was a Welsh bibliographer and Methodist minister.
Life
The son of Thomas and Eleanor Rowlands, he was born at Bryn Croes, Carnarvonshire, on 24 August 1802. After a little schooling at Bryn Croes and Botwnnog, he took up his father's craft of weaving, living in various places in Carnarvonshire.
Rowlands had been brought up a Calvinistic Methodist, but at the age of 18 he adopted Arminian views, and joined the Wesleyans. In March 1821 he began to preach at Bryn Caled; shortly afterwards he and his parents settled at Ty Coch, near Bangor. After some years' experience as a lay preacher, he acted for a short time as substitute in the Cardigan circuit for John Davies, chairman of the Welsh district, in July 1828. He was retained in the circuit on Davies's return, and in August 1829 he was admitted as a probationer to the Wesleyan methodist ministry and appointed to the Cardiff circuit. He then served in succession the following chapels: Merthyr (1831), Amlwch (1834), Pwllheli (1835), Newmarket (1837), Ruthin (1840), Llanidloes (1842), Tredegar (1845), Machynlleth (1848), Bryn Mawr (1850), Llanidloes (1853), Tredegar (1856), Aberystwyth (1858), and Machynlleth (1861).
In 1864 Rowlands retired from circuit work and settled as a supernumerary at Oswestry, where he died on 21 March 1865. He was buried at Caerau, near Llanidloes. At an Eisteddfod at Eglwysfaer in 1865, a prize for the best elegy on Rowlands was won by E. Edwards of Aberystwyth, and the elegy was published in 1866.
Works
The major work of Rowlands is bibliographical and biographical: Llyfryddiaeth y Cymry (Cambrian Bibliography), a record of Welsh books, books printed in Wales, and books having reference to the country, from 1546 to 1800. It was begun about 1828, and Rowlands researched it while travelling. Part of his list of books was printed in Y Traethodydd; but it was not until 1869 that the book appeared at Llanidloes, edited and enlarged by Daniel Silvan Evans.
Rowlands also published religious works, including an essay on Providence (1836), a translation of Wesley's tract on Romanism (1838), and memoirs of the Rev. J. Milward (1839) and the Rev. J. Davies (1847). He was editor of the Eurgrawn Wesleyaidd from 1842 to 1845, and from 1852 to 1856. Gwilym Lleyn (his literary title) compiled biographies of Welsh worthies, which on his death were acquired by the publisher of Enwogion Cymru (1870), and included under the title "Lleyn MSS".
Notes
Attribution
1802 births
1865 deaths
Arminian ministers
Arminian writers
People from Gwynedd
Welsh bibliographers
Welsh Methodists
Phtheochroa unionana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Romania, the Near East and the Caucasus.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
References
Moths described in 1900
Phtheochroa
David Joseph Phillips (born April 19, 1978) is a Canadian actor and producer best known for starring in numerous theatrical performances in Toronto and at the Stratford Festival, hosting Video & Arcade Top 10 and The Miss Canada Pageant. He is also known for acting in the films Poker Night, Shark City, Green Guys and Re-Generator, and then producing and acting in Life Happens , Moments of Clarity, Amateur Night, Mission Park, The Maestro and Eat Wheaties!.
Early life and education
Phillips was born in Brampton, Ontario, to Margaret and James Phillips. He was raised in Brampton, Ontario, attending high school at St. Thomas Aquinas Secondary School (Brampton). He was then admitted with a scholarship into Ryerson University's Theatre School in Toronto, where he received his BFA, and played the lead in his graduate production of Henry IV directed by John Neville.
Career
After graduating he took a brief hiatus from performing and was a ninth grade math and geography teacher at his old high school in Brampton. He went back to entertainment in 2000, when he co-hosted the Canadian kids game show Video & Arcade Top 10 for two years. He was then part of the classical acting company at The Stratford Festival of Canada for the next three years, where he appeared in eight productions, and received a Tyrone Guthrie award for his efforts. He then returned to the Greater Toronto Area, where he performed in many classical theatre productions, including playing Estragon in the well-received Waiting For Godot, as well as the Canadian Premiere of Mephisto
Continuation into movies
David appeared in the independent feature films Winter and Poker Night in Toronto. Upon moving to Los Angeles in 2008 he was immediately cast to play the lead role in Shark City with Vivica A. Fox and Corey Haim. Since then he has booked steady work in Hollywood films. In 2010, he acted as a lead role in both the films Ecstasy and Green Guys (opposite fellow Bramptonian Kris Lemche), appeared opposite Lisa Nova in the YouTube video Fantasy Pool Date. Though he lives in Los Angeles, he still returns to Toronto to work often, and hosted the 2008 Miss World Canada Pageant.
In 2010, he helped produce three films with Stardust Pictures which he also acted in - Boy Toy, A Holiday Heist, and Life Happens with Krysten Ritter, Kate Bosworth, and Rachel Bilson.
Recent and Future Work
In 2013 David produced a Latino crime-thriller called "Mission Park" that was awarded Best Film honors at international film festivals in Boston, Miami, East L.A., Houston, and Las Vegas. It features Sean Patrick Flanery, Vivica A. Fox, Will Estes, Joseph Julian Soria, and Will Rothhaar and he helped secure the theatrical release September 2013 through AMC Theatres.
In 2013 David created his own production company called 'Phillm Productions' which has produced four feature films: Moments of Clarity starring Lyndsy Fonseca, Eric Roberts and Mackenzie Astin, Badsville starring Emilio Rivera and Robert Knepper, The Maestro starring Xander Berkeley and Jon Polito, and Eat Wheaties! starring Tony Hale, Elisha Cuthbert, and Paul Walter Hauser.
Filmography
Feature Films
Winter (2007)
Poker Night (2008)
Three Shades of Black (2009)
Shark City (2009)
Ecstasy (2010)
Green Guys (2010)
Boy Toy (2011)
One Night (2011)
Life Happens (2011)
A Holiday Heist (2011)
Re-generator (2013)
Mission Park (2013)
Moments of Clarity (2015)
Amateur Night (2016)
Badsville (2017)
The Maestro (2018)
Eat Wheaties! (2020)
TV
Video & Arcade Top 10 (2000-2001) TV series - co-host
A Beaver Tale (2005) TV pilot - lead
Miss Canada Globe Pageant (2005-2009) - host
Johnny (2007) TV pilot - lead
Miss World Canada (2008) - host
Theatre
"The Mousetrap" (2000) - Toronto Truck Theatre
"Mephisto" - Canadian Premiere (2001) - Harbourfront Centre, Toronto
Stratford Festival of Canada Company Member (2002–2005):
All's Well That Ends Well
The Scarlet Pimpernel
The White Devil
A Midsummer Night's Dream
The Birds
Quiet In The Land
Macbeth
Henry VIII
"Waiting For Godot" (2004) - Heritage Theatre
"Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" (2005) - Heritage Theatre
"Twelfth Night" (2006) - Heritage Theatre
"Much Ado About Nothing" (2006) - Rose Theatre
"The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged)" (2007) - Rose Theatre
"Dancing at Lughnasa" (2007) - The Annex, Toronto Theatre
Awards and honors
1997 Ryerson Entrance Scholarship
2003 Stratford Tyrone Guthrie Award
References
External links
Shark City interview
CityTV Interview
Stratford Conservatory Alumni 2002/2003
https://www.variety.com/index.asp?layout=chart_film_prod_d&dept=Film&recordid=1117786330/ Winter Movie Listing
http://www.28dayslateranalysis.com/2010/06/greedy-green-guys-fall-hard-in-this.html
http://www.monstersandcritics.com/movies/news/article_1593194.php/Actors-hook-up-with-Baby
http://www.latinheat.com/film/q-a-with-the-guys-of-mission-park/
http://www.latinheat.com/film/armando-montelongo-reality-tv-star-flips-for-mission-park/
https://www.ramascreen.com/watch-xander-berkeley-and-sarah-clarke-in-this-trailer-for-the-maestro/
https://www.ciffcalgary.ca/films/2020/eat-wheaties%21/
1978 births
Canadian male film actors
Living people
People from Brampton
Male actors from Ontario
de:David Phillips
es:David Phillips
fr:David Phillips
nl:David Phillips
pt:David Phillips
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,485. The county seat is Maquoketa.
History
The county was formed on December 21, 1837, and named after US President Andrew Jackson.
In the early morning of July 22, 2022, a gunman opened fire at the campground of Maquoketa Caves State Park, located in the county. The gunman, identified as 23-year-old Anthony Sherwin of Nebraska, killed three members of a family before committing suicide.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water. Its eastern border is formed by the Mississippi River.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 52
U.S. Highway 61
U.S. Highway 67
Iowa Highway 62
Iowa Highway 64
Adjacent counties
Dubuque County (north)
Jo Daviess County, Illinois (northeast)
Carroll County, Illinois (east)
Clinton County (south)
Jones County (west)
National protected areas
Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge (part)
State protected areas
Maquoketa Caves State Park
Bellevue State Park
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 19,485 in the county, with a population density of . 97.42% of the population reported being of one race. 93.53% were non-Hispanic White, 0.78% were Black, 1.22% were Hispanic, 0.22% were Native American, 0.24% were Asian, 0.99% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.03% were some other race or more than one race. There were 9,241 housing units, of which 8,305 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 19,848 in the county, with a population density of . There were 9,415 housing units, of which 8,289 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,296 people, 8,078 households, and 5,589 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 8,949 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.96% White, 0.10% Black or African American, 0.12% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.11% Pacific Islander, 0.15% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. 0.60% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,078 households, out of which 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.20% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.80% were non-families. 27.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,529, and the median income for a family was $42,526. Males had a median income of $29,334 versus $20,577 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,329. About 7.70% of families and 10.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.90% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
the three-member Jackson County Board of Supervisors is Larry McDevitt, Mike Steines, and Jack Willey. Their Executive Assistant is LuAnn Goeke.
Sheriff's office
The Jackson County Sheriff's Office is the primary law enforcement agency located in the county. The headquarters for the Sheriff's Department are in Maquoketa, Iowa. The department is led by an elected Sheriff. The Sheriff is Brent Kilburg.
Fire Protection and Emergency Medical Services
Fire protection in the county is left up to the discretion of the cities within the county. The towns of Maquoketa, Preston, Miles, Springbrook, Sabula, Baldwin, Bellevue, Andrew and La Motte all have their own fire departments providing protection for the whole county. Most city fire departments also provide rescue services. Fire equipment usually consists of Engines, Tankers and brush trucks as well as most fire departments owning a Rescue truck. The Maquoketa Fire department also owns a Ladder truck. Most firefighters certify as Iowa Firefighter One and HAZMAT Operations and some also are certified as EMTs. The towns of Maquoketa, Preston, Sabula and Bellevue also have their own Ambulance Services which provide coverage for the county while towns not having ambulances have First Responder units and contract ambulance response to a nearby community. All firefighters in Jackson County are volunteers and most EMS personnel are also volunteers however the Maquoketa Ambulance Service is a paid service. All Jackson County departments are members of the Jackson County Firefighters Association and the Iowa Firefighters Association. Mutual Aid Agreements from surrounding Iowa counties as well as the state of Illinois are in place to provide additional help during emergencies which tax the county emergency resources beyond their limits.
Hospital
Jackson County has one Hospital in Maquoketa, the Jackson County Regional Health Center. the hospital is under the administration of Genesis Healthcare. Patients near Maquoketa are transported to this hospital, while patients closer to Clinton County will most likely be taken to Mercy Medical Center in Clinton, Iowa. Some patients closer to Dubuque County are taken to Mercy or Finley Hospitals, both in the city of Dubuque.
Election results
Prior to 1988, Jackson County was a Republican-leaning swing county, only failing to back the national winner six times between 1880 & 1984. The county was reliably Democratic from 1988 to 2012, but swung by 18% to back Donald Trump in 2016. In 2020 Donald Trump carried Jackson County with 62% of the vote over Joseph Biden 36%.
Communities
Cities
Unincorporated communities
Canton‡
Cottonville
Garryowen
Green Island
Nashville
Otter Creek
South Garry Owen
Ghost towns
Alma
Amoy
America
Bridgeport
Brookfield
Buckhorn
Canton
Carrollport
Centerville
Charleston
Charkstown
Cobb
Coloma
Copper Creek
Cottonville
Crabb
Crabb's Mill
Crabbtown
Deventersville
Duggan
Duke
Emeline
Fremont
Fulton
Gordon's Ferry
Hickory Grove
Higginsport
Hugo
Hurstville
Fairfield
Farmers Creek
Franklin
Iron Hill
East Iron Hills
Isabel
Lowell
Millrock
Mount Algor
Nashville
New Castle
New Rochester
North Maquoketa
Otter Creek
Ozark
Pass
Prairie Springs
Rolley
Silsbee
Smiths Ferry
Springfield
Spruce Mills
Sterling
Sullivan
Summer Hill
Sylva
Tetes des Morts
Union Center
Van Buren
Wagonersburgh
Waterford
Wickliffe
Townships
Jackson County is divided into 18 townships:
Bellevue
Brandon
Butler
Fairfield
Farmers Creek
Iowa
Jackson
Maquoketa
Monmouth
Otter Creek
Perry
Prairie Springs
Richland
South Fork
Tete Des Morts
Union
Van Buren
Washington
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Iowa
Bibliography
Sorensen, Lucille. Holihan, Grace. Ghost Towns of Jackson County Iowa/History of Jackson County, Vol. 1, Jackson County Historical Society 1988 and 2000.
References
External links
Official Jackson County Government Website
Jackson County Economic Development Council's website
Jackson County Government Overview Webpages
Jackson County Historical Society
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
The Eider (; ; Latin: Egdor or Eidora) is the longest river in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. The river starts near Bordesholm and reaches the southwestern outskirts of Kiel on the shores of the Baltic Sea, but flows to the west, ending in the North Sea. The lower part of the Eider was used as part of the Eider Canal until that canal was replaced by the modern Kiel Canal.
In the Early Middle Ages the river is believed to have been the border between the related Germanic tribes, the Jutes and the Angles, who along with the neighboring Saxons crossed the North Sea from this region during this period and settled in England. During the High Middle Ages the Eider was the border between the Saxons and the Danes, as reported by Adam of Bremen in 1076. For centuries it divided Denmark and the Holy Roman Empire. Today it is the border between Schleswig, Holstein and Eiderland, the northern and southern parts, respectively, of the modern German state of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Eider flows through the following towns: Bordesholm, Kiel, Rendsburg, Friedrichstadt and Tönning. Near Tönning it flows into the North Sea. The estuary has tidal flats and brackish water. The mouth of the river is crossed by a closeable storm surge barrier, the Eider Barrage.
Navigation
A tidal lock provides access for boats through the Eider Barrage. The fishing port of Tönning lies upstream of the barrier, while Friedrichstadt is further upstream. At Friedrichstadt a lock gives access to the River Treene.
The Eider remains tidal as far as the lock at Nordfeld, above Friedrichstadt. There is a further lock named near Wrohm, upstream of Nordfeld. A further beyond Lexfähre is the junction with the short Gieselau Canal, which provides a navigable link to the Kiel Canal at Oldenbüttel. The Eider therefore provides an alternative route from the North Sea to the Kiel Canal, avoiding the tides of the estuary of the Elbe.
The head of navigation lies a further upstream at Rendsburg. Although it is adjacent to the Kiel Canal, through passage is no longer possible.
See also
Eider-Treene Depression
List of rivers of Schleswig-Holstein
References
Rivers of Schleswig-Holstein
Holstein
Federal waterways in Germany
Kiel Canal
Rivers of Germany
The Lithuanian Women's Supercup (Lietuvos moterų supertaurė) was a one-off fixture in Lithuanian football played between the A Lyga champions and the winners of the Lithuanian Women's Cup. In 2005 and 2006 Gintra Universitetas won the league and the cup thus the supercup was played against cup runners-up.
Previous winners
Previous winners are:
References
Cup
Women
National women's association football supercups
Johann Geyer (born 12 August 1942) is an Austrian footballer. He played in nine matches for the Austria national football team from 1962 to 1971.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
So Easy by The Choirboys is the 2007 follow up to Big Bad and Acoustic.
Recorded at Main Street Studios by Adam Jordan and mixed by Rob Specogna. The Album features guest vocals from Stevie Wright and Bec Lavelle.
Track listing
"Sorry"
"She's So Fine"
"St Louis"
"Pretty Girl"
"Women"
"I'll Make You Happy"
"Friday On My Mind"
"Come and See Her"
"So Easy"
"Wedding Ring"
"Too Much"
"For My Woman"
"You Got It Off Me"
"Rock n Roll Boogie"
"Good Times"
"Saturday Night Party"
2007 albums
The Choirboys (band) albums
Stämpfli Racing Boats is a British-based manufacturer of rowing boats. Stämpfli was founded in Switzerland by Johann Friedrich August Stämpfli in 1896. Manufacturing originally took place in Zurich, Switzerland, but moved to Surrey, England after the company was acquired by Janousek Racing Boats in 1991. Stämpfli is a subdivision of Janousek boats, Stämpfli produce generally slimmer boats which are more popular amongst competitive rowers at a club level.
History
Stämpfli was founded in 1896 by Johann Friedrich August Stämpfli and is the oldest operating rowing boat manufacturer in the world. The company was originally based in Zurich, Switzerland and started building fishing boats and sailing yachts in Wollishofen on the bank of Lake Zurich. In 1898 the first racing boat was built, a "Yol de Mer" for the See-Club in Zug, Switzerland. This boat was a great success and is now on display in the Museum of Sport in Basel, Switzerland.
Stämpfli was always at the forefront of introducing technology and innovation to racing boats. During the 1950s the company experimented with the design of a U-shaped hull rather than the more common semi-circle shape. This proved to be successful and the rest of the rowing world switched to the new design.
Also at this time the development of the first Aluminium rigger was underway to replace the traditional steel riggers and thus to dramatically reduce the weight of the boats.
Through the next twenty years the company was at the leading edge of the rowing world. Its handcrafted cedar racing shells were exported throughout the world and established Stämpfli as a world leader. At Olympic Games and World Rowing Championship events Stämpfli boats, in the hands of Pertti Karppinen from Finland, probably one of the most successful single scullers in the history of the sport, and others have won time and time again.
In the early 1980s the rowing industry was going through a dramatic change with composite materials slowly finding their place in construction methods. During this period Alfred Stämpfli, the son of Johann Stämpfli retired and handed the company to Melchior Burgin. A successful rower in his own right, (1966 World Champion for Double sculls) Burgin had been a long-time employee of the company and under his leadership the company started to build composite boats alongside the exquisite wooden boats.
Through the 1980s and early 1990s Stämpfli produced the wooden and composite boats side by side.
External links
Company website
Rowing equipment manufacturers
Swiss companies established in 1896
Scottie Reynolds (born October 10, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Champagne Châlons-Reims of the French LNB Pro A. Prior to his professional career he played college basketball for Villanova. Reynolds also competed with the United States national team in the 2007 Pan American Games.
Early life
Reynolds was born in Huntsville, Alabama to a teenage mother who reluctantly gave him up for adoption. Reynolds grew up in a loving family with his adoptive parents Rick and Pam Reynolds and siblings Eric, Kelli, Susie, Ross, and Dahlia. He has lived in Athens, Alabama; Herndon, Virginia; and Chicago, Illinois. He attended A. Scott Crossfield elementary school in Virginia and Herndon High School in Herndon, VA.
High school career
Reynolds was a four-year starter for Herndon High School in Herndon, Virginia. He was the best player in the competitive Northern Region since Grant Hill. He led the Herndon Hornets to a state finals runner-up place in 2005–06. Averaging 40 points per game, he was a three-time Virginia Player of the Year.
During his senior year, Reynolds was named a McDonald's All-American, the first player in the Northern Region to be so honored since Joey Beard (South Lakes High School, Class of 1993). He was also a third-team Parade All-American. Reynolds owns many Herndon Hornets basketball records, including most points in a year, most points during a high school career, and most points in a game with 53 against I. C. Norcom High School in 2005. Reynolds is 16th all-time in Virginia high school career scoring. He was at one point ranked the fourth best point guard in the nation. Reynolds averaged 28.4 points per game, 4.5 assists per game, and 4.0 steals per game as a senior, and 34.7 points as a junior.
College career
He signed a letter of intent to play for Oklahoma but was released by the university after their coach Kelvin Sampson left.
He was then recruited by Jay Wright of Villanova, playing in the Big East Conference of the NCAA.
As a Villanova Wildcat, he became the Wildcats' primary scoring threat by the end of his freshman year, scoring 40 points against the University of Connecticut on February 28, 2007.
Reynolds was named the 2006–07 Big East Rookie of the Year.
Villanova made the Sweet 16 in the 2008 NCAA Tournament during Reynold's sophomore season before losing to eventual champion Kansas. He led the team in scoring with 15.9 points per game.
During his Junior season, he was 2nd on the team with 15.2 PPG in leading Villanova to a 26–7 record and a #3 Seed in the 2009 NCAA Tournament.
During Villanova's Elite Eight matchups versus #1 seed Pittsburgh in the Tournament, Reynolds made a game-winning shot with 0.5 seconds to go to send Nova to the 2009 Final Four in Detroit.
On April 21, 2009, Reynolds declared for the 2009 NBA draft, but did not hire an agent, he withdrew from the draft on 9 June 2009.
On January 11, 2010, Reynolds scored a season-high 36 points, on 5-of-5 three-pointers, in a 92–84 win over Louisville.
As a senior in the 2009–10 season, the 6-foot, 2-inch Reynolds averaged 18.5 points and shot 40 percent from 3-point range in becoming the Wildcats' go-to player with several spectacular second-half efforts. He led the Wildcats to a 25–8 season (13–5 Big East) and a #2 seed in the NCAA tournament, which culminated with a 75–68 loss to St. Mary's (CA) in the second round of the 2010 NCAA Tournament. Reynolds ended his career as the second-leading scorer in Villanova history, with 2,222 points, falling only 21 points short of breaking Kerry Kittles's all-time record. He finished his college career with 472 assists and 203 steals.
Reynolds was named to the 2010 AP All-American 1st team, joining Randy Foye (2006), Kerry Kittles (1996) and Paul Arizin (1950) as the only Villanova players to become 1st team All-Americans.
"You go through a season not expecting to get All-American," Reynolds said. "You just go out there every day and try and do the best you can, try and play Villanova basketball. It's in the back of your head, but if you concentrate on that, that stuff will never come."
Villanova Coach Jay Wright often referred to Scottie Reynolds as the "face of Villanova Basketball" during his 4 years on the team.
Professional career
Scottie Reynolds was the first AP All-American to not be selected in the NBA Draft since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976.
He was signed by the Phoenix Suns to participate in their 2010 summer league.
Reynolds played three games on the Suns' summer league squad and played with them in training camp.
He averaged 10.3 points and 4.7 assists in the Suns' final three games of summer-league play after missing the first two with an Achilles injury.
On August 1, 2010, Reynolds agreed on a one-year deal with Italian club Prima Veroli.
On October 26, 2010, it was announced that Reynolds was leaving Veroli after averaging 12.3 points, 2.5 assists and 2.3 steals to return to the US.
On November 1, 2010, Reynolds was drafted 13th overall by the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League. He was traded the next day to the Springfield Armor.
On November 26, 2010, Reynolds scored 30 points and made the game winning three-pointer with 0.2 seconds left to give the Armor the 88–85 victory.
On February 19, 2011, Reynolds and the East won the NBA D-league All-star game.
On July 22, 2011 Reynolds played his first game with Talk 'N Text.
On December 14, 2011, Reynolds signed with the Utah Jazz, he was waived without playing a game.
On January 10, 2012, Reynolds signed with Antalya Metropolitan Municipality in Turkey.
In August 2012, he signed a contract with New Basket Brindisi in the Italian first division.
On July 16, 2013, Reynolds signed with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk.
On January 22, 2015, he signed with Beşiktaş of the Turkish Basketball League.
Reynolds returned to New Basket Brindisi in July 2015, signing a one-year deal.
On October 30, 2016, he signed with Cibona for the 2016–17 season.
On July 10, 2017, Reynolds signed with Russian club Zenit Saint Petersburg for the 2017–18 season.
On October 10, 2018, Reynolds signed with Slovenian club Petrol Olimpija for the 2018–19 season.
On January 4, 2019, Reynolds returned to Hapoel Holon for a third stint, signing as an injury cover for Khalif Wyatt.
On September 4, 2019, Reynolds signed with newly promoted Greek Basket League club Larisa. On November 17, 2019, Reynolds parted ways with the Greek team.
On November 18, 2019, he has signed with SIG Strasbourg of the LNB Pro A. Reynolds averaged 10.1 points, 2.9 rebounds and 6.2 assists per game. He returned to Cibona of the ABA League and the Croatian League on December 3, 2020.
On August 30, 2021, he signed with Champagne Châlons-Reims of the French LNB Pro A.
The Basketball Tournament (TBT)
In the summer of 2017, Reynolds competed in The Basketball Tournament on ESPN for Supernova; a team composed of Villanova University basketball alumni. In two games, he averaged 10.0 points, 4.0 rebounds and 3.5 assists per game to help number two seeded Supernova advance to the second-round where they were defeated 82-74 by Team Fancy. Reynolds also competed for Supernova in 2016 and, prior to that, averaged 25.5 points per game for Team Roby in 2014.
References
External links
Scottie Reynolds at aba-liga.com
Scottie Reynolds at eurocupbasketball.com
Scottie Reynolds at legabasket.it
Scottie Reynolds at tblstat.net
1987 births
Living people
All-American college men's basketball players
American adoptees
American expatriate basketball people in Croatia
American expatriate basketball people in the Czech Republic
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Antalya Büyükşehir Belediyesi players
Basketball players at the 2007 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Alabama
Basketball players from Chicago
Basketball players from Virginia
BC Krasnye Krylia players
BC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
Beşiktaş men's basketball players
Basketball Nymburk players
Champagne Châlons-Reims Basket players
Hapoel Holon players
KK Cibona players
KK Olimpija players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Larisa B.C. players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
New Basket Brindisi players
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Point guards
SIG Basket players
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
Sportspeople from Huntsville, Alabama
Springfield Armor players
TNT Tropang Giga players
Villanova Wildcats men's basketball players
Gulden's is the third largest American manufacturer of mustard, after French's and Grey Poupon. One of the oldest continuously operating mustard brands in the United States, it is now owned by agricultural giant ConAgra Foods.
Gulden's is known for its spicy brown mustard, which includes a blend of mustard seeds and spices. The Gulden's mustard recipe has remained a secret for more than 140 years.
History
Charles Gulden was born on September 23, 1843, in New York City. By the age of 15, he was employed as an engraver. Two years later, he went to work for his uncle, who owned the Union Mustard Mills. After serving with a reserve regiment at Gettysburg during the Civil War, he returned briefly to his uncle's shop.
Gulden opened his own mustard company in 1862. He chose Elizabeth Street for his shop, near the South Street shipping berths, where he could easily obtain the mustard seeds and spices necessary to mix with vintage vinegars.
By 1883, Gulden's product line included 30 mustard varieties and other products, including olives, capers, cottonseed oil, ketchup, and Worcestershire sauce. That year, he expanded down the street into a six-story building.
Drawing from his earlier experience as an engraver, Charles Gulden once asked his brother: "Do you think it would help if we were to attach a spoon to each bottle of No. 6, no extra charge?" Soon, the Guldens were attaching fine, imported spoons to each bottle.
Gulden's mustard won awards in 1869 and 1883. It also earned awards at the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago 1893, the Exposition Universelle, Paris 1900, the Sesquicentennial International Exposition in Philadelphia in 1926, and the Napa Valley Mustard Festival in 2005. However, the Gulden's mustard sold today is not the same formula as the mustard that won the awards in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. As recently as the 1960s, when the company was headquartered in Saddle Brook, New Jersey, the ingredients listed on the label were: "Mustard seed, vinegar, spices, and salt." Turmeric was not listed, as it is today.
Charles Gulden died in 1916 and is buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx, New York. Gulden's was sold to American Home Foods (a division of American Home Products), which was spun off and renamed International Home Foods in 1996. In 2000, ConAgra purchased International Home Foods.
Gulden's mustard is now made in Milton, Pennsylvania.
See also
List of mustard brands
References
Sources
Hallett, Anthony and Diane Hallett, 1997, Encyclopedia of Entrepreneurs, Entrepreneur Magazine, pp 238–239.
External links
Official website
Brand name condiments
Mustard brands
1862 introductions
Conagra Brands brands
1862 establishments in New York (state)
Carleton Square is a sub-neighbourhood of Carleton Heights in the River Ward of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded on the west by Fisher Avenue, to the south Meadowlands Drive, Dynes Road to the north and Claymor Avenue to the east. According to the Canada 2011 Census the population for this area was 719.
Most of the homes are townhouses occupied by a mostly younger population.
The neighbourhood is home to St. Pius X High School. Features Dynes Park.
References
Neighbourhoods in Ottawa
This is a list of books in the English language which deal with Afghanistan and its geography, history, inhabitants, culture, biota, etc.
Arjomand, Said – Constitutional Politics in the Middle East: With Special Reference to Turkey, Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan.
Baker, P. H. B. and F. R. Allchin - Shahr-i Zohak and the History of the Baiyan Valley, Afghanistan.
Barfield, Thomas – Afghanistan: A Cultural and Political History.
Capian, Richard – A New Trusteeship? The International Administration of War-Torn Territories.
Coll, Steve - Ghost Wars: The Secret History of the CIA, Afghanistan, and Bin Laden, from the Soviet Invasion to September 10, 2001.
Countries of the World and Their Leaders Yearbook 1983: Vol. 1, Chiefs of State and Cabinet Members of Foreign Governments; Status of the World's Nations; U.S. Embassies, Consulates, and Foreign Service Posts; Background Notes: Afghanistan-Luxembourg. Vol. 2, Background Notes: Macau-Zimbabwe; Foreign Travel; International Treaty Organization; Climates of the World.
Countries of the World and Their Leaders Yearbook 1984: Vol. 1, Chiefs of State and Cabinet Members of Foreign Governments; Status of the World's Nations; U.S. Embassies, Consulates, and Foreign Service Posts; Background Notes: Afghanistan-Luxembourg. Vol. 2, Background Notes: Macau-Zimbabwe; Foreign Travel; International Treaty Organization; Climates of the World.
Countries of the World and Their Leaders Yearbook 1985: Vol. 1, Chiefs of State and Cabinet Members of Foreign Governments; Status of the World's Nations; U.S. Embassies, Consulates, and Foreign Service Posts; Background Notes: Afghanistan-Luxembourg. Vol. 2, Background Notes: Macau-Zimbabwe; Foreign Travel; International Treaty Organization; Climates of the World.
Dorronsoro, Gilles - Revolution Unending: Afghanistan, 1979 to the Present.
Dupree, Louis - Afghanistan.
Elphinstone, Monstuart - Account of the Kingdom of Cabul and its Dependencies in Persia and India.
Freedman, Robert O. - Moscow and the Middle East: Soviet Policy since the Invasion of Afghanistan.
Friedman, Norman – Terrorism, Afghanistan and America's New Way of War.
Fukuyama, Francis – Nation-Building: Beyond Afghanistan and Iraq.
Gregory, Derek - The Colonial Present, Afghanistan, Palestine, Iraq.
Holohan, Anne – Networks of Democracy: Lessons from Kosovo for Afghanistan, Iraq, and Beyond.
Holt, F. L. – Into the Land of Bones: Alexander the Great in Afghanistan.
Imamuddin, S. M. – A Modern History of the Middle East and North Africa: A Concise Modern History of the Muslim Countries from Afghanistan to Morocco Covering the Period from the Downfall of the Abbasids (1258) to the Eve of World War II (1939) and the Growth of Modern States in the Muslim Countries.
Johnson, Chris and Jolyon Leslie - Afghanistan: The Mirage of Peace.
Kapur, Harish - Soviet Russia and Asia, 1917-1927: A Study of Soviet Policy towards Turkey, Iran, and Afghanistan.
The Middle East, 1948. Aden, Afghanistan, Anglo-Egyptian Sudan, Cyprus, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Syria and the Lebanon, Palestine, Saudi Arabia, Transjordan, Turkey, with a Section on the League of Arab States.
Nojumi, Neamatollah – The Rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan: Mass Mobilization, Civil War, and the Future of the Region.
Nollau, Gunther and Hans Jurgen Wiehe - Russia's South Flank: Soviet Operations in Iran, Turkey and Afghanistan.
Omrani, Bijan & Leeming, Matthew Afghanistan: A Companion and Guide. Odyssey Publications, 2nd Edition, 2011. .
Rasanayagam, Angelo – Afghanistan: A Modern History.
Rogers, Paul - A War on Terror: Afghanistan and After.
Rothstein, Hy S. – Afghanistan and the Troubled Future of Unconventional Warfare.
Schurmann, H. F. - The Mongols of Afghanistan, an Ethnography of the Moghols and Related Peoples of Afghanistan.
Shahrani, Nazif and Charlie Nairn – The Kirghiz of Afghanistan: TV Film.
Singhal, D. P. - India and Afghanistan 1876-1907: A Study in Diplomatic Relations.
Sinno, Abdulkader H. – Organizations at War in Afghanistan and Beyond.
Vining, Edward P. - An Inglorious Columbus: or Evidence that Hwui Shan and a Party of Buddhist monks from Afghanistan Discovered America in the Fifth Century A.D.
Weaver, Mary Anne – Pakistan: In the Shadow of Jihad and Afghanistan.
Wilber, Donald M. – Annotated Bibliography of Afghanistan.
Zahab, Mariam and Oliver Roy – Islamist Networks: The Afghan-Pakistan Connection.
Jones, Schuyler (1992) Afghanistan. Vol. 135 in the World Bibliographical Series. Clio Press, Oxford.
Notes
See also
Topic overview:
Afghanistan
Outline of Afghanistan
External links
Afghanistan Analysts Network - 2019 Afghanistan Bibliography
Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Pedro Cevallos Guerra (1 August 1759 – 29 May 1838) was a Spanish statesman and diplomat who served as Chief Minister from 1799 to 1808 during the Napoleonic Wars, although Manuel Godoy, a personal favourite of the Spanish King, had a vast influence over political affairs.
Early life
Cevallos was born in Cantabria in 1759. He was educated at various schools and convents before matriculating at Valladolid University in 1777 to study law. He was very successful, and in 1781 joined the faculty as a professor, remaining there until 1790.
Diplomatic and political career
In 1790 Cevallos switched to the diplomatic service, serving from 1793 to 1795 as First Secretary to the Spanish Embassy in Lisbon. He then returned home and worked for the finance ministry.
Chief Minister
In 1799, the Spanish King Charles IV appointed Cevallos as Secretary of State, the de facto Chief Minister, which office he held until 1808. Cevallos lacked the power and discretion of many of his predecessors as he was forced to share power with the ambitious Manuel de Godoy, a former Secretary, who held no official role but wielded enormous power.
French invasion
Spain's situation had been precarious since the beginning of the Napoleonic Wars and in 1808 it grew worse. Spain and France had agreed to launch a joint invasion of their traditional and mutual enemy Portugal – but France had planned to betray their Spanish allies and conquer Spain as well. When this dawned on the Spanish elite, they pressed the King to abdicate. His successor, Crown Prince Ferdinand, chose to meet Napoleon in the Pyrenees and try to negotiate a cessation of hostilities, but was seized by the French and taken as a prisoner to France.
Cevallos tendered his resignation and fled to London for the remainder of the war, returning to Spain once Madrid had been liberated in 1814. He briefly headed the new government, before retiring. Cevallos died in 1838.
See also
List of prime ministers of Spain
1759 births
1838 deaths
Spanish diplomats
Government ministers of Spain
Ambassadors of Spain to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
The Prinsenhof ("The Court of the Prince") in the city of Delft in the Netherlands is an urban palace built in the Middle Ages as a monastery. Later it served as a residence for William the Silent. William was assassinated in the Prinsenhof by Balthasar Gérard in 1584 - the holes in the wall made by the bullets at the main stairs are still visible.
Since 1911, the building houses a municipal museum. Today, the building displays a collection of Dutch Golden Age paintings.
Gallery
References
External links
| Prinsenhof municipal museum.
Rijksmonuments in Delft
Museums in South Holland
The 1944 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 15, 1944 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The election was held six years after the previous election. There is normally a five-year limit on the lifespan of Parliaments and provincial assemblies in Canada, but the emergency brought on by the Second World War allowed the government to delay the election temporarily.
It marked the first time a socialist government was elected anywhere in Canada. Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) leader Tommy Douglas became the premier of the province.
The CCF won 47 of the 52 seats in the legislature, and over half the popular vote, despite a very negative campaign by the governing Liberal Party. The Liberals, led by William John Patterson, accused Douglas of being a communist.
The Liberal popular vote fell by 10 percentage points, and they won only five seats. It is still the worst defeat of a sitting government in Saskatchewan's history.
The Social Credit Party of Saskatchewan, which had won 16% of the vote and two seats in the 1938 election, collapsed; the party had only one candidate, who won only 249 votes.
The Communist Party-led Unity movement reverted to the name Labor-Progressive Party, and lost both of the seats it had won in 1938.
The Conservative Party, renamed the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan and led by Rupert Ramsay, won over 10% of the vote, but no seats.
An at-large service vote was held for Saskatchewan residents in the Canadian armed services fighting during World War II. This special vote elected three nonpartisan members to represent Saskatchewan soldiers, sailors and airmen stationed in 1.) Great Britain, 2.) the Mediterranean region and 3.) Newfoundland and Canada outside the province. Alberta had a similar system during the war.
Results
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Ranking
Riding-by-riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " indicates MLAs who are not running again.
Northwestern Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Athabasca
|
|Pierre Ephrem Ayotte57
||
|Louis Marcien Marion626
|
|Alexander Fred De Laronde9
|
|Errick Guttormur Erickson (Ind.) 78
Francis Xavier Poitras (Ind. Liberal) 5
||
|Hubert Staines**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cut Knife
||
|Isidore Charles Nollet2726
|
|John A. Gordon1820
|
|
|
|
||
|William Roseland**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Meadow Lake
||
|Herschel Lee Howell2034
|
|Donald MacDonald1805
|
|William Titley362
|
|Arthur J. Doucet (Labor-Progressive) 716
||
|Donald MacDonald
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Redberry
||
|Dmytro Matthew Lazorko2306
|
|Wilfred James Langley1285
|
|Ernest Wilson662
|
|Peter John Semko (Ind.) 99
||
|Orest Zerebko**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosthern
|
|Henry Begrand1541
||
|Peter J. Hooge2199
|
|Gordon Ellis Goble473
|
|
||
|John Michael Uhrich**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shellbrook
||
|Albert Victor Sterling3310
|
|Omer Demers2177
|
|
|
|
||
|Omer Alphonse Demers
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|The Battlefords
||
|Alexander Duff Connon2783
|
|Paul Prince2426
|
|Robert Wendell McNair446
|
|
||
|Paul Prince
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Turtleford
||
|Bob Wooff2506
|
|William Franklin Kerr1766
|
|Chester Hicks399
|
|
||
|William Franklin Kerr
Northeastern Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cumberland
||
|Leslie Walter Lee357
|
|Deakin Alexander Hall242
|
|Raoul Olier St. Denis11
|
|
||
|Deakin Alexander Hall
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Humboldt
||
|Ben Putnam3587
|
|Arnold William Loehr2673
|
|Stephen David Weese358
|
|
||
|Joseph William Burton**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelvington
||
|Peter Anton Howe3132
|
|Gladstone Mansfield Ferrie1880
|
|Samuel Edward Hall649
|
|
||
|Peter Anton Howe
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kinistino
||
|William James Boyle3055
|
|Russell Martin Paul1544
|
|Andrew Fraser671
|
|
||
|John Richard Parish Taylor**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melfort
||
|Oakland Woods Valleau3396
|
|John Duncan MacFarlane1862
|
|Stanley Beattie Caskey1450
|
|
||
|Oakland Woods Valleau
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert
||
|Lachlan Fraser McIntosh6178
|
|Harold John Fraser3617
|
|Edgar Percy Woodman655
|
|
||
|Harold John Fraser
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Tisdale
||
|John Hewgill Brockelbank5283
|
|Clarence Railsback O'Connor2269
|
|Isaac Flexman Stothers703
|
|
||
|John Hewgill Brockelbank
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Torch River
||
|John Bruce Harris2609
|
|Donald L. Menzies846
|
|Keith Acton Baldwin535
|
|
||
|James Archibald Kiteley**
West Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Arm River
|
|William R. Fansher 2256
||
|Gustaf Herman Danielson2343
|
|Thomas Alfred Homersham 1068
|
|
||
|Gustaf Herman Danielson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Biggar
||
|Woodrow Stanley Lloyd 3633
|
|Frank Freeman 2156
|
|
|
|
||
|John Allan Young**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Hanley
||
|James Smith Aitken2272
|
|Charles Agar1775
|
|James Hubert Cannon893
|
|
||
|Charles Agar
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kerrobert-Kindersley
||
|John Wellbelove3236
|
|Donald Laing2377
|
|Wellington Smith Myers933
|
|
||
|Donald Laing
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosetown
||
|John Taylor Douglas3168
|
|William Leith1864
|
|John Wilbert Stewart1046
|
|
||
|Neil McVicar**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Watrous
||
|James Andrew Darling3801
|
|Frank Stephen Krenn2312
|
|Hugh Smith749
|
|
||
|Frank Stephen Krenn
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wilkie
||
|Hans Ove Hansen3567
|
|John Cunningham Knowles2527
|
|
|
|
||
|John Cunningham Knowles
East Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Canora
||
|Myron Henry Feeley3538
|
|Stephen T. Shabbits2537
|
|
|
|
||
|Myron Henry Feeley
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Last Mountain
||
|Jacob Benson3803
|
|Henry Philip Mang2064
|
|James Lindsay Blair1281
|
|
||
|Jacob Benson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melville
||
|William James Arthurs4575
|
|Lionel Stilborn3614
|
|Shamus Patrick Regan821
|
|
||
|John Frederick Herman**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Pelly
||
|Dan Daniels3273
|
|Reginald John Marsden Parker2544
|
|
|
|William Michael Berezowski(Labor-Progressive) 554
||
|Reginald John Marsden Parker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saltcoats
||
|Joseph Lee Phelps3461
|
|Donald Alexander MacKenzie2874
|
|Rae Melville Salkeld454
|
|
||
|Joseph Lee Phelps
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Touchwood
||
|Tom Johnston3337
|
|John Joseph Collins1925
|
|William Seneshen301
|
|
||
|Tom Johnston
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wadena
||
|George Hara Williams4162
|
|George Russell Cook1686
|
|
|
|Walter Elvy Rogers (Ind.) 207
||
|George Hara Williams
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Yorkton
||
|Arthur Percy Swallow3887
|
|Alfred Ariel Brown2280
|
|Norman Roebuck958
|
|
||
|Alan Carl Stewart** (Unity)
Southwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Elrose
||
|Maurice John Willis3771
|
|Hubert Staines1807
|
|Ernest J. Ewing1013
|
|
||
|Louis Henry Hantelman**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Gravelbourg
||
|Henry Edmund Houze2681
|
|Edward M. Culliton2586
|
|
|
|
||
|Edward Milton Culliton
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Gull Lake
||
|Alvin Cecil Murray3942
|
|Harvey Harold McMahon2200
|
|Charles Howard Howlett1356
|
|
||
|Harvey Harold McMahon
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Maple Creek
||
|Beatrice Janet Trew3656
|
|John Joseph Mildenberger2872
|
|George Chester Stewart911
|
|
||
|John Joseph Mildenberger
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Morse
||
|Sidney Merlin Spidell2763
|
|Benjamin Thomas Hyde2122
|
|Clifford Bruce Martin725
|
|
||
|Benjamin Thomas Hyde
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|
||
|Niles Leonard Buchanan4176
|
|Charles William Johnson2862
|
|
|
|
||
|Charles William Johnson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Swift Current
||
|Harry Gibbs4756
|
|James Gordon Taggart3123
|
|Bryan Maxwell Hill1021
|
|
||
|James Gordon Taggart
Southeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Bengough
||
|Allan Lister Samuel Brown3847
|
|Thomas Waddell2473
|
|
|
|
||
|Herman Kersler Warren** (Unity)
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cannington
|
|Gladys Strum3204
||
|William John Patterson3210
|
|William Armstrong Brigden687
|
|
||
|William John Patterson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Lumsden
||
|William Sancho Thair2966
|
|James Gallagher Knox1887
|
|Arthur Maurice Pearson1220
|
|
||
|Robert Scott Donaldson**
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Milestone
||
|Frank Keem Malcolm3302
|
|William Pedersen2207
|
|
|
|
||
|William Pedersen
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moosomin
|
|David Alexander Cunningham3324
||
|Arthur Thomas Procter3865
|
|
|
|
||
|Arthur Thomas Procter
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Qu'Appelle-Wolseley
||
|Warden Burgess4339
|
|Frederick Middleton Dundas3314
|
|William Herman Acres938
|
|
||
|Frederick Middleton Dundas
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Souris-Estevan
||
|Charles David Cuming3933
|
|Norman Leslie McLeod2660
|
|Herbert Samuel Penny1259
|
|
||
|Norman Leslie McLeod
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Weyburn
||
|Thomas Clement Douglas5605
|
|James Weyburn Adolphe3489
|
|
|
|
||
|George Levi Crane**
Urban constituencies
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw City
||
|John Wesley Corman6296
Dempster Henry Ratcliffe Heming5894
|
|William George Baker2881
Harold Walpole Pope2887
|
|Russell Lawrence Brownridge1271
Hugh Alexander Tiers1036
|
|Frank Ernest Talbot (Social Credit) 249
||
|William Gladstone Ross**
William George Baker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon City
||
|John Henry Sturdy9375
Arthur Thomas Stone7792
|
|James Wilfred Estey5084
Robert Mitford Pinder3924
|
|Rupert David Ramsay5368
Henry Oswald Wright3171
|
|Frederick Nelson Clarke(Labor-Progressive) 797
Russell Hartney (Ind.) 200
John Harrison Hilton (Ind.) 121
||
|Robert Mitford Pinder
James Wilfred Estey
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina City
||
|Clarence Melvin Fines14129
Charles Cromwell Williams14784
|
|Charles Roberts Davidson10982
Bernard J. McDaniel10551
|
|Hugh McGillivray3536
Claude Henry James Burrows3114
|
|
||
|Bernard J. McDaniel
Percy McCuaig Anderson**
By-elections
|-
| style="width: 130px" |CCF
|Guy Franklin Van Eaton
|align="right"|3,350
|align="right"|53.1
|align="right"|-7.3
|-
|Liberal
|Harold Keith Elder
|align="right"|2,514
|align="right"|42.9
|align="right"|+3.2
|-
|Social Credit
|Albert M. Courchene
|align="right"|450
|align="right"|15.2
|align="right"|-
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,314
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|-
| style="width: 130px" |CCF
|Frederick Arthur Dewhurst
|align="right"|2,474
|align="right"|80.9
|align="right"|+12.2
|-
|Labor-Progressive
|William Beeching
|align="right"|584
|align="right"|19.1
|align="right"|-
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,085
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|-
| style="width: 130px" |CCF
|James William Gibson
|align="right"|3,006
|align="right"|46.1
|align="right"|-3.1
|-
|Liberal
|Herbert Wiebe
|align="right"|2,410
|align="right"|37.0
|align="right"|-0.8
|-
|Progressive Conservative
|Rupert Ramsay
|align="right"|1,098
|align="right"|16.9
|align="right"|+3.9
|-
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,514
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
1944 service elections
Active Service Voters, Saskatchewan members of the Canadian armed services on active duty outside of Saskatchewan, were polled between October 17 and October 30, 1944. One representative was elected from each of three areas. These candidates did not specify any party affiliation.
Area 1 (Great Britain)
Area 2 (Mediterranean Theatre)
Area 3 (Canada outside of Saskatchewan/Newfoundland)
Further reading
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan: Previous Elections
External links
Saskatchewan Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan: Provincial Vote Summaries
Saskatchewan's 1944 CCF Election
1944 elections in Canada
1944 in Saskatchewan
1944
June 1944 events
Operation Mackerel was an operation carried out in World War II by the Australian Imperial Force. Three men went ashore on Java in September 1942 to collect information. They were accompanied by two members of the Dutch submarine K12. The group had difficulty during the landing as the landing boats capsized in the heavy surf, a member of group injured his back and much of the gear was lost. The mission had to be abandoned early as the captain of the submarine resurfaced in full view of the coastguard that was in communication with the Japanese. The leader of the mission deemed it to be unsafe so decided to evacuate the party.
References
Military operations involving the Netherlands
Military operations of World War II involving Australia
Speedie Date is a web series which debuted on December 1, 2008, on Strike.TV, an internet portal created by Hollywood writers during the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America (WGA) strike. Each of the ten scripted episodes in the series is a different two-person speed date. The series is directed by Kristiina Hackel, written by Lorin Wertheimer and produced by Hackel and Wertheimer.
Awards, nominations and critical response
Speedie Date received positive reviews in NewTeeVee and Tubefilter. It was nominated for a 2009 Webby Award in the "Best Drama Series on the Web" category and was named an Official Honoree in the Drama: Individual Episode category that same year. It was also a semi-finalist in the Nextv 2009 Web Series competition.
Episode guide
Heather and Mike: The long-time speed dater Mike tries to convince the skeptical first-timer Heather to stay and give speed dating a chance, while she tries to persuade him that he has been speed dating for too long and that it is time to try something new. Starring Rebecca Lowman and Phil Abrams.
Amanda and Chad: The always positive Amanda and Chad find it difficult to connect until they start revealing their flaws. Starring Jillian Bach and Blair Hickey.
Veronica and Moby: Married Veronica is just there to vet guys for her friend, but the more she starts to talk with kindred spirit Moby, the more she starts to fall for him. Starring Stephanie Venditto and Andrew Borba.
Julie and Dorian: Julie and Dorian's playful exchange leaves both wanting more. Starring Patricia Melone and David Levine.
Lisa and Malcolm: Lisa confronts Malcolm about the lies he told her on their last speed date. Starring Shae D'lyn and Jason Lansing.
External links
"A Long Date with Speedie's Lorin (Part 1)", interview at story2oh.com
Speedie Date on Strike.TV
2008 web series debuts
American drama web series
Jennifer Jane Tiramani (born 16 August 1954) is a British costume, stage and production designer. Since 2012 she has been principal of the School of Historical Dress in London.
Early life
Tiramani was born on 16 August 1954, the daughter of Fredo Paulo Tiramani and Barbara Doreen Tiramani née King. She attended Dartford Grammar School for Girls. She completed a foundation course at the Central School of Art and Design in London and then received a first class diploma in Theatre Design from Trent Polytechnic in 1976.
Career
From 1980 to 1997, Tiramani was an associate designer at the Theatre Royal Stratford East. From 1997 to 2002 she held the same position at Shakespeare's Globe in Southwark, and from 2003 to 2005 was director of theatre design there. From 2008 to 2011 she was a visiting professor at the School of Art and Design of Nottingham Trent University.
As an expert on Elizabethan and Jacobean clothing she evaluated the Sanders portrait of William Shakespeare and was an advisor to the Searching for Shakespeare exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery in 2006.
Work
Tiramani has designed opera costumes for productions including Orlando for the Opéra de Lille in 2010, La Clemenza di Tito at the Festival International d'Art Lyrique d'Aix-en-Provence in 2011 and Anna Bolena at the Metropolitan Opera of New York in 2012.
Awards
Publications
Janet Arnold, Jenny Tiramani, Santina Levey: Patterns of Fashion 4: The cut and construction of linen shirts, smocks, neckwear, headwear and accessories for men and women c. 1540 - 1660. Macmillan, November 2008. Paperback. .
Jenny Tiramani, Luca Costigliolo, Claire Thornton, Armelle Lucas and Christine Prentis, Susan North (editor): Seventeenth-Century Women's Dress Patterns (Book 1). V&A Publishing, April 2011. Hardcover. .
Jenny Tiramani, Susan North (editor): Seventeenth-Century Women's Dress Patterns (Book 2). V&A Publishing, April 2013. Hardcover. .
Alan Hopkins, Jenny Tiramani (series editor): Footwear: Shoes and Boots from the Hopkins Collection c. 1730 - 1950. Hardcover February 2015 (in print)
Ulinka Rublack, Maria Hayward, Jenny Tiramani: The First Book of Fashion: The Book of Clothes of Matthaeus and Veit Konrad Schwarz of Augsburg. Hardcover. October 2015 (in print)
References
External links
Jenny Tiramani authorized biography
Jenny Tiramani biography at the Performing Arts, UK, site
Jenny Tiramani biography at the School of Historical Dress, UK, site
Jenny Tiramani biography at the Royal Opera House, UK, site
Tony Awards Acceptance Speech
Jenny Tiramani Talks About Costuming for The Globe
Jenny Tiramani at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery: Talk About Costumes at the Event Dressed to Thrill Dec-2012
English costume designers
Living people
Tony Award winners
1954 births
People educated at Dartford Grammar School for Girls
Alumni of Nottingham Trent University
Systematized epidermal nevus is a cutaneous condition, an epidermal nevus with a diffuse or extensive distribution involving a large portion of a person's body surface.
See also
Linear verrucous epidermal nevus
References
Epidermal nevi, neoplasms, and cysts
Fabio Héctor Nigro (born 29 December 1965) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played for River Plate, Estudiantes, Douglas Haig and Sarmiento, in Italy for Vigor Lamezia, Viterbese, Lazio and Frosinone, in Slovakia Baník Prievidza and Slovan Bratislava, in the Czech Republic for Slovan Liberec.
Career
Nigro started his career with River Plate, making his debut on July 13, 1983 against Platense.
References
1965 births
Living people
People from Junín Partido
Argentine footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
FC Slovan Liberec players
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Czechoslovakia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Czechoslovakia
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
S.S. Lazio players
Club Atlético Sarmiento footballers
Club Atlético Douglas Haig players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine Primera División players
Serie B players
Slovak Super Liga players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
The Perry–Robertson formula is a mathematical formula which is able to produce a good approximation of buckling loads in long slender columns or struts, and is the basis for the buckling formulation adopted in EN 1993.
The formula in question can be expressed in the following form:
with
where:
is the average longitudinal stress in the beam's cross-section
is the material's elastic limit
is the average tension measured in the cross-section which correspond to the beam's Euler load
the amplitude of the initial geometrical imperfection
distance from the cross-section's centroid to the section's most stressed fiber
the section's radius of gyration
Robertson then proposed that , where represents the beam's slenderness.
References
Elasticity (physics)
Jalalabad (, also Romanized as Jalālābād; also known as Jalīlābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The men's 50 metre freestyle competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 24 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Nathan Adrian of US.
This race consisted of one length of the pool in freestyle.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 24, at 11:09.
B Final
The B final was held on August 24, at 20:24.
A Final
The final was held on August 24, at 20:24.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Roald Edwin van der Linde (born 22 November 1968 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since 7 September 2017. He previously served between 8 November 2012 and 23 March 2017. He returned to the House after the resignation of Pieter Duisenberg.
References
1968 births
Living people
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Politicians from Rotterdam
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
21st-century Dutch politicians
Dowzariv (, also Romanized as Dowzarīv; also known as Bādāmestān-e Pā'īn and Dowzarū'īyeh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
"One of Those Days" is a 2002 song by Whitney Houston.
One of Those Days may also refer to:
Music
One of Those Days (EP), a 2009 EP by Joy Williams
Songs
"One of Those Days", a song by Gabrielle Aplin from the 2020 album Dear Happy
"One of Those Days", a song by Adrian Below from the 1999 album Salad Days
"One of Those Days", a song by Earl Thomas Conley from the 1992 album Yours Truly
"One of Those Days", a song by Duran Duran from the 2004 album Astronaut
"One of Those Days", a song by Little Big Town song from the 2016 album Wanderlust
"One of Those Days", a song by John Martun from the 1970 album Stormbringer!
"One of Those Days", a song by Dolly Parton from the 1983 album Burlap & Satin
"One of Those Days", a song by Joshua Radin from the 2008 album Simple Times
"One of Those Days", a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic from the 1986 album Polka Party!
Other
One of Those Days, a 2005 children's book by Amy Krouse Rosenthal
One of Those Days, a 1988 animation by Bill Plympton
See also
Those Days (disambiguation)
One of These Days (disambiguation)
Monroe County is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Iowa. In the early 20th century, it was a center of bituminous coal mining and in 1910 had a population of more than 25,000. As mining declined, people moved elsewhere for work. In the 2020 census, the population was 7,577. The county seat is Albia. The county, originally called Kishkekosh County after a famous chief of the Meskwaki, was renamed for James Monroe, fifth President of the United States
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
Iowa Highway 5
Iowa Highway 137
Adjacent counties
Marion County (northwest)
Mahaska County (northeast)
Wapello County (east)
Appanoose County (south)
Lucas County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,577 in the county, with a population density of . 96.86% of the population reported being of one race. 93.81% were non-Hispanic White, 0.25% were Black, 1.54% were Hispanic, 0.17% were Native American, 0.21% were Asian, 0.03% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.99% were some other race or more than one race. There were 3,636 housing units, of which 3,116 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 7,970 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,884 housing units, of which 3,213 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,016 people, 3,228 households, and 2,211 families in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 3,588 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.40% White, 0.20% Black or African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.12% from other races, and 0.51% from two or more races. 0.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 3,228 households, 30.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.20% were married couples living together, 8.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.50% were non-families. 28.00% of households were one person, and 15.30% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 25.00% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 19.50% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 94.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.60 males.
The median household income was $34,877 and the median family income was $41,611. Males had a median income of $31,667 versus $21,401 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,155. About 5.60% of families and 9.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 5.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Albia
Eddyville
Lovilia
Melrose
Unincorporated communities
Avery
Tyrone
Ghost town
Buxton, the largest town with a majority-black population in the early 20th century
Townships
Bluff Creek
Cedar
Franklin
Guilford
Jackson
Mantua
Monroe
Pleasant
Troy
Union
Urbana
Wayne
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Monroe County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Monroe County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
Albia Area Chamber of Commerce
Monroe County Hospital
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
Locomotive numbers 1 to 3 on the Lübeck-Büchen railway (Lübeck-Büchener Eisenbahn or LBE) in Germany were streamlined tank locomotives. The locomotives had a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement, a two-cylinder, superheated engine and were capable of push-pull operations. In order to ensure a symmetrical running gear, both carrying axles were built as Bissel bogies, which were fitted with return devices for improved running.
In order to run faster passenger train services between Hamburg and Lübeck, the LBE ordered the construction of three engines in 1935 from the locomotive works of Henschel in Kassel. At the same time, the coach building firms of WUMAG in Görlitz and Linke-Hofmann in Breslau were tasked to manufacture the double-decker coaches to go with the locomotives.
Locomotives LBE 1 and 2 were delivered in 1936; LBE 3, which with its larger water tank and boiler appeared somewhat heavier, followed one year later. The engines had a top speed of 120 km/h and were used in push-pull services. Due to their appearance and grey livery they were soon nicknamed "Micky Mouse".
On the nationalisation of the LBE on 1 January 1938 the locomotives were incorporated into the Reichsbahn's numbering scheme as DRG Class 60 with numbers 60 001 to 60 003 and homed in Lübeck locomotive depot (Bahnbetriebswerk) in Reichsbahndirektion Schwerin. Nevertheless, their duties did not change until the outbreak of war in 1939. Then express services were withdrawn and the three engines were to be retired.
There were attempts to sell the engines to the Frankfurt-Königstein railway, but these locomotives were designed for express services on the north German plain and not for the Königsteiner Bahn, which had very steep sections. During the trial only two of the 14 wagons attached at Frankfurt-Höchst arrived at Königstein, the rest had to be uncoupled en route.
Number 60 001 was used as a heating engine and went missing during the war. The other two ended up in the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR. Number 60 002 worked in the area of Berlin until 1958 and was scrapped in 1962 at Leipzig. Number 60 003 remained in service until 1954 at Stralsund locomotive depot.
References
Steam locomotives of Germany
2-4-2T locomotives
Private locomotives of Germany
Henschel locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1936
Streamlined steam locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
1′B1′ h2 locomotives
"That Part" (stylized as "THat Part") is a hip hop song by American hip hop recording artist Schoolboy Q featuring Kanye West. It was released on May 13, 2016 by Top Dawg Entertainment and Interscope Records, as the lead single from Schoolboy Q's fourth album Blank Face LP, and was produced by Cardo, Yung Exclusive, Cubeatz and Sounwave. The song was nominated for Best Rap Performance at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards. HipHopDX named it the ninth best hip-hop song of 2016.
Accolades
German magazine Juice named it the fourth best international rap song of 2016.
Music video
The song's music video, directed by Colin Tilley, was released on June 2, 2016. As of September 2020, the music video has accumulated over 187 million views, making it his most viewed video on his Vevo channel.
Live performances
In June 2016, Schoolboy Q performed a live rendition of "That Part", in a medley with "Groovy Tony", on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
Black Hippy remix
"That Part" was later remixed, featuring new verses from Schoolboy Q and his Black Hippy cohorts Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar and Ab-Soul, which was released on July 8, 2016. The remix was later released for purchase via digital distribution on July 16.
Commercial performance
In the US, on the Billboard chart dated June 4, 2016, "That Part" made a debut at number 92 on the chart. The following week, the single completely fell off of the chart, however, on the chart dated July 2, the song re-entered at a new peak of number 76, due to the announcement and anticipation of his then-upcoming album Blank Face LP. In the following weeks, the song climbed up, eventually reaching a new peak of number 40, becoming his second top 40 hit as a lead artist and fourth overall, and his second highest position behind 2014's "Studio", which peaked at number 38, two years earlier. The record has thus charted for 13 weeks by far for the date ending September 17. In New Zealand, the single failed to crack the top 40, however, it peaked at number six on the Heatseekers chart, making it his first appearance as a lead artist in that country with the debut coming from the release and chart debut of his sophomore album with another song titled "By Any Means", also charting in the same chart at number eight.
After the song reached number 40 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, Kanye West surpassed Michael Jackson with his fortieth top 40 hit on the chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Lyrics of this song at Genius
2016 singles
Schoolboy Q songs
Kanye West songs
Top Dawg Entertainment singles
Interscope Records singles
Songs written by Schoolboy Q
Songs written by Kanye West
Music videos directed by Colin Tilley
Song recordings produced by Kanye West
Song recordings produced by Cubeatz
Songs written by Sounwave
Songs written by Kevin Gomringer
Songs written by Tim Gomringer
Songs written by Cardo (record producer)
Kurakhivka () is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 30.56%
Russian 69.05%
Armenian 0.17%
Belarusian 0.07%
Moldovan (Romanian) 0.05%
Hungarian and Greek 0.02%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
This is a list of properties and districts in Greene County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
References
Greene
Buildings and structures in Greene County, Georgia
Habitual be, also called invariant be, is the use of an uninflected be in African-American English (AAE), Caribbean English and certain dialects of Hiberno-English to mark habitual or extended actions in place of the Standard English inflected forms of be, such as is and are. In AAE, use of be indicates that a subject repeatedly does an action or embodies a trait. In General American English, however, the use of (an inflection of) be means only that an individual has done an action in a particular tense, such as in the statement "She was singing" (the habitual is "She sings").
In South-West Hiberno-English, the habitual takes a different form, with do being added to the sentence as a supplement. Instead of saying "She is late" or "They are always doing that," "She does be late" and "They always be doing that" are used. It is descended from the Irish language, which uses the verb Bí, the habitual tense of the verb "to be".
It is a common misconception that AAE simply replaces is with be across all tenses, with no added meaning. In fact, AAE uses be to mark a habitual grammatical aspect, which is not explicitly distinguished in Standard English. For example, to be singing means to sing habitually, not to presently be singing. In one experiment, children were shown drawings of Elmo eating cookies while Cookie Monster looked on. Both black and white subjects agreed that Elmo is eating cookies, but the black children said that Cookie Monster be eating cookies.
Hypothesized sources
The source of habitual be in AAE is still disputed. Some linguists suggest it came from the finite be in the 17th-to-19th century English of British settlers (perhaps especially those from South West England, but the usage may be the recent "Mummerset" in this context). Other linguists believe that it came from Scots-Irish immigrants, whose Ulster Scots dialects mark habitual verb forms with be and do be.
One hypothesis is that habitual be simply diffused into New World Black English from Hiberno-English (HE) through contact in the Caribbean. Evidence includes the fact that both dialects structure sentences with the habitual be almost identically:
(1) Even when I do be round there with friends, I do be scared. (HE)
(2) Christmas Day, well, everybody is so choked up over gifts and everything, they don't be too hungry. (AAE)
Criticism of that hypothesis stems from the fact that there is no evidence that be has been used as a habitual marker either in the past or today in Caribbean creoles of English. Instead, Caribbean English uses the preverbal does to mark habitualness. They use be only as filler between does and the sentence's predicate.
The hypothesis states that the geographical differences in use of be and do (be), in Northern and Southern HE respectively, accounts for the difference in use of be and does (be) in AAE and Caribbean English respectively. In the 17th and the 18th centuries, Northern HE speakers immigrated more to North America, and Southern HE speakers immigrated to the Caribbean Islands, both working alongside blacks. Although the expansion to include the differences in the dialects of HE accounts for the absence of habitual be in Caribbean English creoles, the hypothesis has its disadvantages as well. The first problem is the distribution of do and be again. In Southern HE, do is more common with be than other verbs, but in Caribbean English, does is less common with be than other verbs. Hibernian English marks habitualness with be, and Caribbean English rarely marks it, if at all. A second problem is that there is not sufficient evidence to show that Southern HE speakers did not introduce do (be) to the American colonies since there were Southern HE speakers in the colonies who worked closely with blacks.
A further expansion and modification of the diffusion hypotheses account for the periphrastic do found in the Caribbean English creoles. The feature was common in British English and persisted in the nonstandard Southern and Southwestern English dialects that were used by the white colonials in the Caribbean colonies. The Irish and the blacks both learned English at the same time, and both groups learned a new language and retained the conventions of their native languages. In America, the Irish feature habitual be may have diffused into AAE and the two assemblages of people were in close contact and communicating with a new tongue. It is possible that British dialects could have had features that served as models for habitual do (be) in the Caribbean creoles, which, in turn, expanded to AAE in the Americas. It is also worth noting that Southern and Southwestern British immigrants traveled to the American colonies as well and their dialects would have been used as a model to Black people, leading to a drawback, the introduction, and subsequent loss of habitual do (be) in America, which was also the problem with the first expansion of the diffusion hypothesis. Another hypothesis for the origins of habitual be in HE and then into AAE is the most logical and the strongest of the lot.
The decreolization theory for the emergence of habitual be in AAE is the most likely and most supported of the theories of its origin. It involves the decreolization process of Caribbean English creole, with the loss of does (be), which itself is a decreolization of a previous creole habitual marker and its co-occurrence with be. The process is seen as one code-shifting in the series of English learned by blacks in the New World. The existence of a category of habituals in the native Caribbean languages at the basilectal level shows that over time, Black people learned English but kept the conventions of their native languages until code-shifting replaced the old conventions with new ones. Rickford gives evidence:
(18) Habitual aspect with a prepositional phrase or locative:
Stage 1: He (d)a de [dc] in the bed. (basilect)
Stage 2: He does de in the bed. (hab. (d)a -> does)
Stage 3: He does be in the bed. (loc. cop. de -> be)
Stage 4: He 0 be in the bed. (does -> 0; be 'habitual')
That set is just one of three; preceding a predicate containing a prepositional phrase, it shows the shifting from the basilectal, native language convention, level to the English habitual be level in stage 4, with the co-existence of two or more stages at once. It is hypothesized that the first three stages were present in the speech of plantation slaves, and the hypothesis appears to be supported by the presence of these stages today on the Sea Islands of the United States, with only stage four surviving anywhere else in America. The advantages of this hypothesis are that there is no assumption that blacks had no native language influence and that the conventions of English were perfectly copied to their emerging English grammars and the fact that the decreolizing of habitual be also follows the pattern of decreolization in general linguistics and the pattern in cultural anthropology, with formal approximations of English over time and cultural assimilation of language respectively.
Another merit is that this same pattern of decreolizing of be is found in other creoles that are relatively close to AAE and affirm the plausibility of this origin for habitual be. Yet another merit for the hypothesis is that it can both incorporate the strong points of the revised diffusion hypotheses and surmount the weaknesses associated with them. For instance, creoles and dialects have lexicons that derive from the languages that feed them, and AAE and Caribbean English are no different by following the models of language dialects that came in contact with them and used their native language conventions as well as the newly learned conventions to mutate into varieties of the model language.
A possible disadvantage of the hypothesis is that it does not work for area in which creoles did not develop, such as areas of America with very few blacks in the population. Another possible disadvantage is that the sources of slaves for the differing regions of America and the Caribbean could have led to different creole starting points, leading to the different habitual markers in AAE and Caribbean English creoles. Both minor problems are far outweighed by the advantages of the hypothesis, and they affirm that it is the best possible origin of habitual be.
See also
English markers of habitual aspect
References
External links
The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language: Fourth Edition. 2000 "Be"
The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language: Fourth Edition. 2000 "Zero Copula"
Nonstandard English grammar
Sociolinguistics
African-American English
The Church of St Stephen and St Tathan, Caerwent, Monmouthshire, is a parish church with datable origins to the 13th century. It is believed to be one of the oldest Christian sites in the county, and possibly within Wales. The church is sited within the walls of the Roman town. It remains an active parish church and a Grade II* listed building.
History
It is possible that a very early Christian congregation worshipped at Caerwent in the Roman period, although there is no evidence that this settlement was on the site of the present church. In 1992, a pre-Norman cross-head was discovered near the site indicating the presence of a Christian church predating the Norman Conquest. The oldest part of the existing church is the chancel, dating from the 13th century. The church was restored in 1893–1894 and again in 1910–1912 by G. E. Halliday. It remains an active church in the parish of Caerwent and Dinham and is a Grade II* listed building.
Architecture and description
The church is built of limestone, some local to the area and some imported from Somerset. It contains a significant number of Roman artefacts, including an altar dedicated to the god Mars, dating from AD 152.
Notes
References
Grade II* listed churches in Monmouthshire
History of Monmouthshire
Church in Wales church buildings
13th-century church buildings in Wales
The Oil Refinery Jey or the Oil Refining Company Jey has been established in 2003; with the investment of Oil Industry Personnel Pension Fund, with a nominal capacity of 1'800'000 tons as the largest producer of bituminous units in the Middle East. The company has two production and storage sites in Isfahan and Bandar Abbas and the head office in Tehran. Isfahan site has 4 separate units for the production of blown bitumen, with a nominal capacity of 40,000 barrels per day, a bottom of 7100 barrels per day and emulsion bitumen with a capacity of 200 tons per day. This site is a separate unit for the production of polymeric and modified bitumen with a capacity of 100'000 tons annually. G-Petroleum Laboratory is the most well-equipped industrial bitumen laboratory in the country and region, and has been recognized as the first International Accreditation Lab with 17025 Standard Certificates since 2007; The laboratory as a supplier of testing the results for various types of bitumen and associates of different inspection companies, which are including of SGS and Atlas in the region and also in the Bandar Abbas import and export terminals for various delivery services, all were launched in 1395 (2015). The complex consists of 8 tank units with a capacity of 3000 tons (total storage capacity of 24,000 tons), is designed, manufactured and operated on the basis of the international standards of ASTM , IPS, API and NFPA20.
In order to establish an Integrated Management System (IMS), complying with the environmental requirements and quality of production, the company succeeded in obtaining ISO / IEC17025 certificates by 2012, ISO9001 to 2008, ISO / TS29001 to 2010, ISO14001 to 2004, ISO10015 to year 1999, BS-OHSAS18001 to 2007, and Iran's standardized ISIRI.
See also
Industry of Iran
Privatization in Iran
List of Iranian companies
National Iranian Oil Company
Industry of Iran
Privatization in Iran
List of Iranian companies
National Iranian Oil Company
Isfahan Oil Refinery
Pasargad Oil Company
References
External links
http://www.oipf.ir/
Official Website of the Jey Oil Company
http://new.tse.ir/news/newsPages/news_N39848.html
http://www.lubricants1.com/news/lubricant-news/january-2010/item-7599.html
http://companies.globalmarket.com/pars-oil-co-246893.html
Oil and gas companies of Iran
Isfahan
Manufacturing companies based in Tehran
Companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange
Iranian brands
Dark Souls (Norwegian: Mørke Sjeler) is a Norwegian horror film, written, directed, and co-edited by César Ducasse and Mathieu Péteul. It premiered in Norway on 14 January 2011.
Plot
A young girl, Johanna (Johanna Gustavsson), is jogging alone in the woods when she is suddenly attacked and seemingly murdered by a mask-wearing maniac with a power drill.
Later that same day, her father Morten (Morten Rudå) receives a phone call from the police pronouncing her dead just as he sees her walk in the front door of their house. Morten tells the police that his daughter is completely fine and sitting in front of him.
But strange things soon begin to happen to Johanna; she is disorientated and becomes pale and unresponsive. She is in a zombie-like state, not uttering a word and with difficulties walking and eating, but most noticeably she constantly vomits a strange black substance.
Johanna is admitted to the hospital where the doctors find a strange tumor in her head and surgery is needed right away, although the doctors can't guarantee she will survive the operation. But Morten refuses and takes his daughter home where he cares for her twenty four hours a day.
Similar attacks begin to happen in the area and new victims are found by the police who have no leads in these bizarre cases, except the fact that most of the victims have been drilled in the head and end as walking dead, vomiting black bile.
Johanna's father takes it on himself to find out the truth. He embarks on a dark thrill ride of lost memories, conspiracy and zombie-like symptoms. Finding the mysterious darkness within is the source of the bizarre world he has uncovered.
Cast
Release
Home media
The film was released on DVD in the United States by Eagle One Media on June 17, 2014.
Reception
Inger Merete Hobbelstad from Dagbladet stated that the film had a promising start, but stated that the film was ruined by an uneven execution which they called "almost ridiculously amateurish," and an illogical plot. Per Ivar Henriksbø from Gudbrandsdølen Dagningen gave the film a negative review, writing, "Dark Souls is unfortunately based on the fact that people act irrationally and act accordingly. Therefore, it becomes more annoying than exciting."
References
External links
2011 films
2011 horror films
2011 independent films
2011 horror thriller films
Norwegian horror thriller films
2010s Norwegian-language films
Norwegian zombie films
Norwegian independent films
Alive Before the Iceberg is live album by Seattle Alternative rock band The Posies. Recorded live at Luz De Gas (in Barcelona, Spain) on July 28, 1998.
Track listing
"Somehow Everything" – 3:49
"Please Return It" – 3:26
"Dream All Day" – 2:57
"You're the Beautiful One" – 6:11
"Start a Life" – 5:07
"Precious Moments" – 3:40
"Grant Hart" – 2:05
"Flavor of the Month" – 2:59
"Everybody Is a Fucking Liar" – 3:13
"Broken Record" – 3:36
"Surrender" – 6:25
"Throwaway" – 3:55
Personnel
The Posies
Jon Auer – guitar, vocals
Ken Stringfellow – guitar, vocals
Joe Skyward – bass
Brian Young – drums
References
The Posies albums
2000 live albums
Holden High School may refer to:
Holden High School (California) in Orinda, California
Holden High School (Louisiana) in Holden, Louisiana
Holden High School (Missouri) in Holden, Missouri
Luca Oyen (born 14 March 2003) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Genk.
Club career
Oyen made his professional debut with Genk in a 2–1 Belgian First Division A win over Zulte Waregem.
International career
Oyen was born in England to Belgian parents. His father Davy Oyen was playing professional football for Nottingham Forest F.C. at that moment. He moved back to Belgium at a young age. He is a youth international for Belgium.
Honours
Genk
Belgian Cup: 2020–21
Personal life
Oyen is the son of the retired Belgium international footballer Davy Oyen.
References
External links
ACFF Profile
Belgofoot Profile
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
2003 births
Living people
Footballers from Nottingham
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
English footballers
English people of Belgian descent
Association football midfielders
K.R.C. Genk players
Belgian First Division A players
Grove may refer to:
Grove (nature), a small group of trees
Places
England
Grove, Buckinghamshire, a village
Grove, Dorset
Grove, Herefordshire
Grove, Kent
Grove, Nottinghamshire, a village
Grove, Oxfordshire, a village and civil parish
Hazel Grove, Stockport, a suburb
The Grove, County Durham, a village
The Groves, York, a suburb
United States
Grove, Maine
Grove, Maryland, an unincorporated community
Grove, New York, a town
Grove, Oklahoma, a city
Grove, Virginia, an unincorporated community
Grove, West Virginia
Grove Township (disambiguation), various townships
Elsewhere
Grove, Tasmania, Australia, a suburb
Grove, Germany, a municipality in Schleswig-Holstein
Grove, County Leitrim, a townland in Ireland
O Grove, Galicia, Spain, a municipality
Grove (crater), on the Moon
Schools
Grove Primary School (disambiguation)
Grove Academy
Other uses
Grove (surname)
, a Second World War destroyer
Grove Press, American alternative book publisher
Grove Cranes, crane truck manufacturer acquired by Manitowoc Cranes
Grove Racing, an Australian motor racing team
Sacred grove, a grove with religious importance
See also
Groove (disambiguation)
Grove cell, a type of electric battery
Grove's Dictionary (disambiguation)
Groves (disambiguation)
Grove City (disambiguation)
Grove Park (disambiguation)
The Grove (disambiguation)
Der lustige Krieg (The Merry War) is a three-act operetta composed by Johann Strauss II. The work was first performed on 25 November 1881 at the Theater an der Vienna. Its libretto was by F. Zell (Camillo Walzel) and Richard Genée. The operetta was well received at its premiere, and was performed 69 times during its first run.
Roles
Synopsis
Place: The garrisoned Mediterranean city of Massa.
Time: First part of the 18th century
It concerns a dispute between two states. The 'war' between them is played out as a game of love between Colonel Umberto Spinola, the commander-in-chief of the Genoese army, and the widowed Countess Violetta. Despite the name of the operetta, there is no fighting or bloodshed in the 'war'.
Recordings
Johann Strauss: Der lustige Krieg, Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra, Wiener Jeunesse-Chor, Wiener Motettenchor
Conductor: Ulf Schirmer
Principal singers: Eva Mei, Jorma Silvasti, , Jörg Schneider, Paul Armin Edelmann, Birgid Steinberger
Recording date:
Label: ORF CD240
References
Operas by Johann Strauss II
1881 operas
German-language operettas
Operas
Italy in fiction
Neder Randlev is a village in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality.
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
Phtheochroa baracana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from New Jersey, Missouri, Alberta, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Vermont.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
The Oktibbeha County School District was a public school district serving rural communities in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi (USA). The district administrative offices were in Starkville. It is now a part of the Starkville-Oktibbeha Consolidated School District, effective July 1, 2015.
History
In the 1960s and 70s, the school districts were reconfigured so that most of the areas surrounding Starkville were grouped into the Starkville School District (SSD). This resulted in a situation where the population of the OCSD had a median income of around half that of the SSD, and was over 90% black. Prior to 1970, black students from Sturgis were bused to Maben. One day before the faculty of the schools were to be integrated in February of 1970, a black school in Maben was burned.
The district served most of Maben and the town of Sturgis in the West Oktibbeha County Elementary (Pre-K-6) and High School (7-12) as well as several communities in the western parts of the county not in the Starkville City School District. The East Oktibbeha County Elementary (K-6) and High School (7-12) served the communities in the eastern parts of Oktibbeha county not included in the Starkville City School District. OCSD was taken over the state twice due to academic failure and mismanagement, and the state proposed several times that it should be merged with the SSD. In 2013, the Mississippi Legislature passed a bill requiring that all Oktibbeha County schools be merged into the Starkville School District. In the implementation of this plan, East Oktibbeha Elementary was closed because its location would have resulted in a school that was over 90% black. The district was dissolved under Mississippi law on July 1, 2015.
Schools
East Oktibbeha County High School - Unincorporated area
West Oktibbeha County High School - Maben
East Oktibbeha County Elementary School - Unincorporated area
West Oktibbeha County Elementary School (formerly Sturgis Elementary School) - Sturgis
Schools closed prior to the district's consolidation:
Wicks Elementary School
Alexander High School (for black children)
Maben High School (for black children)
Moor High School (for black children)
Sturgis High School (for white children)
Demographics
2019-2020 school year
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 876 students enrolled in the Oktibbeha County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 51% female and 49% male. The racial makeup of the district was 91.55% African American, 8.33% White, and 0.11% Asian. 82.7% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
2010 school district map for Oktibbeha County - U.S. Census Bureau
PROCLAMATION by GOVERNOR RONNIE MUSGROVE (concerning the school district)
Education in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi
Former school districts in Mississippi
2015 disestablishments in Mississippi
School districts disestablished in 2015
Kengtung District (; also spelled Kengtong) is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar. It consists of three towns and 1449 villages.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Kengtung Township, Kengtung is the largest, most mountainous, most easterly, and culturally the farthest from the Burmese, of all the Shan States. Geography makes approach to it from the rest of Burma difficult for it lies not only beyond the Salween across which no bridge has been built and whose eastern tributaries have cut no easy routes through the serried north-south ranges, but nearer again to the Mekong than to the Salween.
Mong Khet Township
Mong Yang Township
Mong La Township
Mong Ping Township
Mat Man Township, Matman (Maman) Township became part of Hopang District instead part of Kengtung District after September 2011.
References
Districts of Myanmar
Kengtung
Screen Producers Ireland is the national representative organisation of independent film, television and animation production companies and it exists primarily to advocate on behalf of its members. In 2012, then chief executive Barbara Galavan explained the role of the organisation as follows: SPI's role is to represent the views of our members to state, semi-state and industry bodies. We provide human resources and industrial relations supports producers; we negotiate collective agreements with the unions who work on behalf of film and television crews; and we also negotiate Terms of Trade agreements on behalf of our members, with the broadcasters, RTÉ and TG4. for instance.
There is a continuity between SPI and earlier organisations of Irish film producers, dating from the 1978 formation, the Irish Association of Independent Producers. In particular, the SPI was created in 2003 by the renaming of the Film Makers of Ireland, in order to reflect the fact that many of FMI's members were focused on the television sector.
Screen Producers Ireland organises a variety of events for its members, such as the 2008 training event in making pitches, which was a part of the Stranger than Fiction documentary festival that year.
The current chief executive officer is Elaine Geraghty.
References
External links
Official website
Entertainment industry societies
The Bolsheviks were a professional wrestling tag team in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from late 1987 until the spring of 1990. The team was composed of Nikolai Volkoff and Boris Zhukov portraying a pair of Soviet Communist bad guys. Volkoff was born Josip Peruzovic on October 14, 1947. Although he portrayed a Russian as a wrestler, he was, in fact, from Croatia. Zhukov was an American named Jim Harrel, who had spent the previous few years of his wrestling career portraying a Russian.
Team history
1987
Zhukov was brought in from the American Wrestling Association (he was one-half of AWA World Tag Team Champions with Soldat Ustinov when he left) as Volkoff's partner in 1987 after Volkoff's regular partner The Iron Sheik was fired. The team made their debut on the October 24, 1987 edition of 'WWF Superstars of Wrestling', defeating Lance Allen and Sonny Rodgers. The team then appeared in a 10-man battle royal on the following episode of WWF Superstars on October 31, 1987. As with the previous pairing of Volkoff and The Iron Sheik, the Bolsheviks were managed by Slick. The pair made their first pay-per-view (PPV) appearance together in the 10 team elimination match at the inaugural Survivor Series in 1987. The pair had little success and were the first team eliminated from the match. In December they began to feud with The Young Stallions and had success against the young duo on house shows around the country, while also facing The British Bulldogs later in the month.
1988
The Bolsheviks began the new year on NBC television, as they received a title opportunity against WWF World Tag Team Champions Strike Force on the January 2 edition of Saturday Night's Main Event XIV. Zhukov and Volkoff were unsuccessful, and then began a house show series against The Killer Bees. They accumulated multiple losses to Blair and Brunzell that month, then rebounded in February and secured several wins against The Rougueau Brothers, Killer Bees, and Young Stallions. The duo's next prominent appearance came in the 20-man battle royal held at WrestleMania IV in Atlantic City.
During the spring Zhukov and Volkoff began to sustain more losses than wins in continuing house show encounters with The Young Stallions and The Killer Bees. On July 3 they faced the latest signing from Jim Crockett Promotions, The Powers of Pain and were defeated. While gearing up for a pivotal televised match against The Powers of Pain at SummerSlam they began a house show series with The British Bulldogs that saw both teams secure victories. They appeared on a WWF coliseum VHS cassette called Best of the WWF volume 17 and scored a major win when they defeated The British Bulldogs in short time in a match that was recorded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on July 23. The Bolsheviks wrestled The Powers of Pain at SummerSlam '88, and were defeated.
The Bolsheviks began to slide down the card in the fall of 1988 and were winless in encounters with The Powers of Pain, The Hart Foundation, and in a match with WWF World Tag-Team Champions Demolition. The duo was once again a part of the 10 team elimination match held at Survivor Series '88 and during the match Zhukov pinned Jim Powers thus eliminating The Young Stallions, but they were also eliminated shortly after by The Rockers. On November 28 they finally gained their first victory since the summer, when they teamed with fellow Slick protege Akeem and defeated Sam Houston and The Young Stallions on November 29 edition of Prime Time Wrestling. At the end of December 1988 they were programmed against the latest acquisition from Crockett, The Bushwhackers.
1989
The duo continued their house show series with The Bushwhackers in January and February and continued to be winless. They were now at the bottom of the card in the tag-team division, and the partnership went into hiatus when Volkoff took a sabbatical from the WWF in March 1989 to go compete in the independents. Slick was also phased out as their manager around this time, but did appear in Zhukov's corner as Zhukov faced a returning Jimmy Snuka during the May 27 episode of Saturday Night's Main Event XXI. In Volkoff's absence Zukhov became an opening card singles wrestler mostly working as a jobber and faced much of the WWF roster as the year progressed. Finally on September 29, 1989 Nikolai returned, and he Zhukov reformed the Bolsheviks, and began to face The Rockers in losing efforts on house shows. On the October 30 edition of Prime Time Wrestling The Bolsheviks finally obtained their first victory of the year when they defeated Trent Knight and Reno Riggins. After several more victories against preliminary wrestlers in televised matches, Volkoff and Zhukov renewed their rivalry with The Bushwhackers in December.
1990
The Bolsheviks began the year with an encounter with The Hart Foundation on the January 1 edition of Prime Time Wrestling. Two weeks later they fell to Demolition on Prime Time Wrestling. On the house show circuit they continued their series with The Bushwhackers, but were winless throughout January and February. On the March 10, 1990 edition of Superstars of Wrestling a match between The Bolsheviks and The Hart Foundation was announced for WrestleMania VI. At the PPV event they were received music "lessons" from Steve Allen. Later that night they were defeated by Hart and Neidhart in a mere 18 seconds.
Breakup and feud
On the April 21 edition of Superstars of Wrestling they received a match with new World Tag-Team champions Demolition and were again unsuccessful. On the May 6 edition of Wrestling Challenge the Bolsheviks were again defeated, this time in a rematch with The Hart Foundation. This time frustrations boiled over and Boris Zhukov and Nikolai Volkoff began to fight each other after the match concluded. The re-united for the May 19 edition of Superstars of Wrestling, only to lose to The Rockers. After the match Volkoff attacked his partner. On the May 26 edition of the show Boris challenged Nikolai to a match, effectively ending The Bolsheviks partnership.
On the June 2 edition of 'Superstars of Wrestling' the former partners faced off. Volkoff defeated Zhukov by disqualification when Boris hit him with his boot. Prior to the match Zhukov sang the Soviet national anthem as normal, while Nikolai stunned the audience by singing the American national anthem. Volkoff became a flag-waving American babyface and Zhukov remained the Russian heel. The duo feuded throughout 1990, with Volkoff dominating the feud, and ultimately culminated at Survivor Series 1990 in an eight-man elimination match when Volkoff's team of Tito Santana and The Bushwhackers, called The Alliance defeated The Mercenaries, a team consisting of Sgt. Slaughter, The Orient Express and Zhukov. Santana was the sole survivor.
Nikolai Volkoff died on July 29, 2018.
Championships and accomplishments
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Worst Tag Team (1988)
See also
The Iron Sheik and Nikolai Volkoff
References
Articles containing video clips
Faux Russian professional wrestlers
WWE teams and stables
Robert Anthony (Casper) Asbjornson (June 19, 1909 – January 21, 1970) was a catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (-) and Cincinnati Reds (-). Asbjornson batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Concord, Massachusetts.
Asbjornson was 19 years old when he debuted with the Boston Red Sox in 1928, being one of seven catchers used by the Red Sox in an unsuccessful attempt to replace retired Grover Hartley. Later, he saw more action with the Cincinnati Reds as a backup for Clyde Sukeforth and Ernie Lombardi in part of two seasons. His best year was , when he posted career-highs in batting average (.305), runs batted in (22) and games played (45).
In a four-season career, Asbjornson was a .235 hitter with one home run and 27 RBI in 97 games.
Asbjornson died in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, at the age of 60.
External links
1909 births
1970 deaths
Major League Baseball catchers
Boston Red Sox players
Cincinnati Reds players
Akron Tyrites players
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Dallas Steers players
Fort Worth Cats players
Pine Bluff Judges players
Pittsfield Hillies players
Nashville Vols players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Waco Cubs players
Williamsport Grays players
Baseball players from Massachusetts
People from Concord, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Williamsport, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Robert S. Frost (September 18, 1942 - February 18, 2013) was an American composer and music educator. He held degrees in music education, including a doctorate.
Frost is known for his work as a string-ensemble composer who created intricate, complex arrangements. He wrote some music theory books and was friends with conductor Dennis Hiedel .
Education
Frost received bachelor's and master's degrees in Music Education from Utah State University and his doctorate in Music Education from the University of Northern Colorado.
References
External links
https://www.kendormusic.com/store/index.php?_a=viewCat&catId=230
http://www.kjos.com/orchestra/frost_r.html
http://www.cemeteryrecordsonline.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=105684135
1942 births
2013 deaths
Utah State University alumni
University of Northern Colorado alumni
American male composers
American composers
Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid is a stage road bicycle race held annually in and around Madrid, Spain. Between 2005 and 2012, the race was organised as a 2.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. In 2013 the event was organised as a single-day race, for economical reasons.
Winners
Under-23 race
An version of the race reserved for riders under 23 years old has been held intermittently since 2008. In 2011 and 2013, the race was part of the UCI Europe Tour as a 2.2U category event.
References
External links
UCI Europe Tour races
Recurring sporting events established in 1983
1983 establishments in Spain
Madrid
Sport in the Community of Madrid
Ziros (, named after Lake Ziros) is a municipality in the Preveza regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Filippiada. The municipality has an area of 380.601 km2.
Municipality
The municipality Ziros was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Anogeio
Filippiada
Kranea
Thesprotiko
References
Populated places in Preveza (regional unit)
Municipalities of Epirus (region)
Bandhan (English translation: "tie" or "bond") is a 1969 Hindi film directed by Narendra Bedi, starring Rajesh Khanna and Mumtaz. It was Bedi's directorial debut and the second movie with Khanna and Mumtaz together in the lead roles. The film grossed 2.80 crore at the box office in 1969-70. Khanna's songs were performed by the playback singer Mahendra Kapoor. This film is counted among the 17 consecutive hit films of Rajesh Khanna between 1969 and 1971, by adding the two-hero films Marayada and Andaz to the 15 solo hits he starred in over these three years.
Plot
Jeevanlal, who is a thief, lives in a small village in India. He is married to Sita and together they have a daughter Meena and a son, Dharmchand (Dharma)(Rajesh Khanna). One day, Jeevanal burgles the Tehsildar's house, and then hides the stolen property with Dharmchand at the family home. When the police arrive, Dharmchand gives up the stolen property. Jeevanlal is arrested, found guilty and sent to prison. Years later, Jeevanlal remains angry at Dharma. One day, Jeevanlal and Dharma fight over the sale of a cow. Jeevanlal strikes Dharma who takes up a stick in self-defense. Sita intervenes, scolding Dharma for daring to attack his father. She tells Dharma to leave. Dharma moves to Bombay, and finds work with a building contractor. He sends his savings to his mother. Later, Sita receives a letter from Dharma saying that he is about to return. When she goes to the bus-stop to greet him she is told that he has already gone to the family home. When she returns home, she is shocked to find her husband lying dead in a pool of blood and her son standing over the body with a bloodied axe. The police arrest Dharma and he is held on trial for murder. In the climax it is revealed in the court that when Dharma reached home he found his father molesting Gauri (Mumtaz). When he tried to save her his father attacked him and in ensuing struggle Jeevanlal fells on axe and mortally injured. In his last moments he apologized to his son and took promise not to reveal the truth of his sin to his wife. But when prosecution proved that Gauri was present at crime scene and has actually murdered Jeevanlal, Dharma reveals the facts to the court. The judge acquits Dharma finding that the death of Jeevanlal was an accident.
Reception
It received five out of five stars in the Bollywood guide Collections and grossed 2.80 crore at the box office in 1969.
Cast
Rajesh Khanna as Dharamchand "Dharma"
Mumtaz as Gauri
Jeevan as Jeevanlal
Rajendra Nath as Ram Vaidraj
Kanhaiyalal as Malikram
D. K. Sapru as Public Prosecutor Kaul
Sunder as Vaidraj
Aruna Irani as Chameli
Achala Sachdev as Seeta
Anju Mahendru as Dr. Sonia Sharma
Ratnamala as Jamuna Malikram
Birbal as Shyam Vaidraj
Kamal Kapoor as Judge
Roopesh Kumar as Cook
Sanjeev Kumar as Advocate Rami Sharma (special appearance)
Meena T. as Meena
Keshav Rana as Zamindar
Soundtrack
References
External links
1969 films
Indian drama films
1960s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Narendra Bedi
Films scored by Kalyanji Anandji
1969 drama films
1969 directorial debut films
Hindi-language drama films
Microsoft SharedView (codenamed Tahiti) is a remote desktop and internet collaboration application for screen sharing, group chats and sharing documents with multiple people in real time. The program is free but no longer supported by Microsoft; the Shareview service has been shut down, and the last released version is 1.0.
Overview
Microsoft SharedView allows connecting with up to 15 people in different locations. Users can be invited to join a session by email or IM. They are able to communicate with each other by being able to view each other's screens and control them. Also, handouts, or files, can be broadcast by one to all users. Creation of a session is done with Windows Live ID. SharedView also provides integration into Microsoft Office applications and Windows Live Messenger. For example, in Microsoft Office Word, if tracked changes are turned on and another user is granted control and changes the documents, those changes are tracked as being done by that user. SharedView is partially ad-supported by advertisements from Live Search.
SharedView is similar to Windows Meeting Space, which is included in Windows Vista. However, Windows Meeting Space supports ad hoc meetings, application sharing, file transfer, and simple messaging within a network and works primarily inside the firewall, requiring IT involvement (on both sides) to bridge firewalls. Microsoft SharedView, in contrast, is designed for collaboration over the internet. It works through firewalls using HTTP if necessary. SharedView also runs on Windows XP Service Pack 2 and Windows Server 2003 SP1 or later besides Windows Vista.
After releasing SharedView 1.0, the SharedView team was disbanded and absorbed by other teams in Microsoft such as Office Communicator and Microsoft Lync.
SharedView is not compatible with systems that have IE 9 installed.
Current version of SharedView is 8.0.5725.0.
SharedView was officially EOLed on 31 January 2012, and was finally shut down on 3 February 2012 at 3:30pm, PST.
See also
Windows Meeting Space
Microsoft Office Groove
References
External links
Download Microsoft SharedView v1.0
Microsoft SharedView Support Forums
Groupware
SharedView
Sindlesham Court, near Wokingham, is a building of historical significance and is Grade II listed (as Berkshire Masonic Centre) on the English Heritage Register. It was built before 1760, as it is shown on Rocque's Map of 1761. It was the home of several notable residents over the next two centuries. Today it is a venue for weddings, conferences and special events.
Early residents
The house is known to have existed before 1760 because it is shown on John Rocque's map of 1761. Around this time Sindlesham was also called Sinsom. An advertisement for the house in 1777, then called Sinsom Lodge, describes a substantial house with two parlours and five bedrooms as well as numerous outbuildings.
One of the early owners was Captain Eyre Evans Crowe (1730–1804) who bought the house in 1784 and later called it Sindlesham Lodge. He came from a distinguished family and was the cousin of Sir Eyre Coote, with whom he served in the 84th Regiment of Foot. He retired in 1784 and became a partner in the first Reading Bank with two other notable figures; the venture was not a success and he was forced to sell most of his property to repay the losses. He died at Sindlesham in 1804 and the house seems to have been purchased by the Forbes family. Their daughter Jane Forbes (1791–1826) married Thomas Rickman Harman in 1810 and the house came to the Harman family. It was owned by them for the next hundred years.
Later owners
Thomas Rickman Harman (1780–1866) was a wealthy stockbroker and landowner from London, who owned a house in Bloomsbury and acquired other properties. He and Jane had six children – three sons and three daughters. When he died in 1866 his son also called Thomas Rickman Harman (1821–1913) inherited the house. By this time the name of the house had changed from Sindlesham Lodge to Sindlesham House.
Thomas Rickman Harman (1821–1913) was born in 1821 in Sindlesham. He also became a stockbroker in London and had large landholdings. In 1872 he married Emily Mary Purvis (1831–1891), daughter of Reverend Richard Fortesque Purvis. The couple had no children. The Census of 1881 records them with a ladies' maid, a cook, three housemaids and a groom. After Emily died in 1891 Thomas's two unmarried sisters Fanny and Mary Harman came to live with him. Mary died in 1908 at the age of 83, and Fanny in 1911 at the age of 94. Thomas died in 1913 at the age of 92 and as he had no children he left the house to his niece Mary Jane Betton Foster (1846–1947). She lived there until about 1920 and then appears to have rented it to wealthy tenants.
In 1928 Lucy Graham Smith (1860–1942) bought the house. Her father was Sir Charles Tennant, 1st Baronet, and her younger sister Margot married the future the Prime Minister Lord Asquith. In 1879, Lucy had married Thomas Graham Smith who owned Easton Grey House in Wiltshire. The couple had no children. She was a talented watercolour painter and one of her pictures is in the National Portrait Gallery. Her friend Elinor Barnard, another artist, painted her portrait.
Lucy was a member of an elite social set called "The Souls" which included four of the Tennant sisters, Prime Minister Arthur Balfour, Lord Curzon (Viceroy of India), Lady Desborough and other notables of London society. A book was written about them and their social activities; the Tennant sisters are described in the following terms:
"The four famous Tennant daughters are best known under their married names: Lady Ribblesdale, Mrs Graham Smith, Laura Lyttelton and Margot Asquith. Lady Frances Balfour described them as 'a family highly gifted, of totally unconventional manners, with no code of behaviour except their own good hearts'. Their entry into London society was lively; indeed, in the instance of the youngest Margot, a vivid assault. They were all renowned for a quality frequently praised by Margot, "social courage"; and all were supported morally, socially and financially by their bountiful father, whose generous dowries in the American style made possible their marriages to eligible but impecunious husbands."
Lucy's husband Thomas died in 1908, and she continued to live at Easton Grey House until 1928 when she bought Sindlesham House, where she remained until her death in 1942. As she had no children, she left the house to her nephew Anthony Asquith who is the child in the above photo. It was used during the war by Miles Aircraft as a hostel and training centre.
In 1948 the property was sold to the Salvatorians who added buildings and used it for students who were training for the priesthood. In 1967 it was sold to the current owners, the Provincial Grand Lodge of Freemasons of Berkshire.
References
External links
Sindlesham Court website
Country houses in Berkshire
Borough of Wokingham
Jung-dong or Jungdong can refer to several administrative wards in South Korean cities or countries:
Jung-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul
Jung-dong, Haeundae-gu, Busan
Jung-dong, Suseong-gu, Daegu
Jung-dong, Dong-gu, Daejeon
Jung-dong, Wonmi-gu, Bucheon City, Gyeonggi-do
Jung-dong, Paldal-gu, Suwon City, Gyeonggi-do
Jung-dong, Giheung-gu, Yongin City, Gyeonggi-do
Jung-dong, Gongju City, Chungcheongnam-do
Jung-dong, Gunsan City, Jeollabuk-do
Jung-dong, Wansan-gu, Jeongju City, Jeollabuk-do
Jung-dong, Gwangyang City, Jeollanam-do
Jung-dong, Mokpo City, Jeollanam-do
Jung-dong, Uichang-gu, Changwon City, Gyeongsangnam-do
Jungdong-myeon, Yeongwol, Gangwon-do
Jungdong-myeon, Sangju City, Gyeongsangbuk-do
The Williams Family Farm, in Carroll County, Georgia near Villa Rica, Georgia, was built in 1891. It has also been known as the Goldworth Farm. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included seven contributing buildings, six contributing structures, 11 contributing sites, and a contributing object.
In 2005 it was a farm complex with a Folk Victorian-style main house built in 1891, a number of outbuildings, and an extant landscape. It includes an 1891 smokehouse, an 1891 horse barn, and a brick creamery from 1895.
It is located at 55 Goldworth Rd., southwest of Villa Rica, on an old alignment of the unpaved-in-2005 Villa Rica-Carrollton Road, which was bypassed by Georgia Highway 61.
References
Farms in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Georgia
Buildings and structures completed in 1891
Anerae Veshaughn Brown (born July 30, 1974), better known by his stage name X-Raided, is an American rapper and a former 24th Street Garden Blocc Crip gang member.
Early life
Brown was raised by his mother, Shirley James 'Jaz' Brown, a clerk at the Sacramento County courthouse.
Career
The first X-Raided album, Psycho Active, was recorded in June 1990 with Sacramento rapper Brotha Lynch Hung, and released in 1992. Brown claims that the recording was made during a deadly conflict between the 24th Street Garden Blocc Crips and the Meadowview Bloods, contributing to lyrics full of violence.
In March 1992, Brown was arrested with four other gang members for murdering Patricia Harris in her home. He was convicted of first-degree murder with a special circumstance of gang-related homicide and was sentenced to 31 years to life in prison.
From 1993 to 1995, he recorded songs over the telephone while in jail awaiting trial. They were released on the 1995 album Xorcist. One track begins with a recording of a collect call which identifies him as "an inmate in Sacramento County Jail". This second album garnered even more attention and it was covered in various mainstream media outlets including Playboy (September 1996).
His third album, Unforgiven (1998), was recorded on a DAT recorder smuggled in by a prison guard. Beats were added later by producer DJ VerbalTek. His fourth, Speak of the Devil (2000), was credited to the pseudonymous "Nefarious" in order to evade California's Son of Sam II law, and his fifth, The Initiation (2001), was released on his own label, Madman Records.
In 2011, Brown continued recording, including work on his forthcoming album, as well as features for Sccit & Roccy of L.A.M.B, The Jacka, Mars, and G-Macc. The following year Brown released his first mixtape, Sacrifice, followed by Sacramentally Disturbed, in March.
Brown was paroled on September 14, 2018 after serving 26 years in prison. He said shortly after his release that he was abandoning his X-Raided persona and would perform as "Anerae Veshaughn", releasing music with a positive message. Despite this he has released four albums and 13 singles under his original persona of X-Raided since his release.
Discography
Solo albums
Psycho Active (1992)
Xorcist (1995)
Unforgiven (1999)
Speak of the Devil (2000) as Nefarious
Vengeance Is Mine (2000)
The Initiation (2001)
And He Shall Appear (2001)
Deadly Game (2002)
These Walls Can Talk (2002)
The Unforgiven Vol. 2: Assisted Suicide (2009)
Unforgiven Vol. 3: Vindication (2011)
Sacramentally Disturbed (2012)
Psychoactive 2 (2014)
Aneraé VeShaughn – The Execution Of X-Raided (2018)
California Dreamin (2019)
There Will Be a Storm (2020)
A Prayer in Hell (2022)
Collaboration albums
City of Kings with Kingpen (2002)
Ignition with Loki (2007)
Bloc Bizniz with Bloc Star (2010)
Family Matters with Luni Coleone (2021)
Compilation albums
X-Ology: The Best of X-Raided (2001)
The X-Filez, Vol. 1 (2003)
The X-Filez, Vol. 2 (2004)
The X-Filez, Vol. 3 (2005)
The Unforgiven Vol. 2.5: Assisted Suicide [Collector's Edition] (2010)
Mixtapes
Sacrifice Mixtape (2012)
Psychotic Activity (2014)
Extended plays
Niggaz In Black (1991)
The Eternally Unforgiven Project (2009)
A Gun With a Body on It with Smigg Dirtee (2015)
References
External links
X-Raided at Discogs
1970s births
Living people
20th-century American criminals
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American rappers
African-American male rappers
American male criminals
American male rappers
American people convicted of murder
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Crime in California
Criminals from California
Crips
Gangsta rappers
G-funk artists
Horrorcore artists
People convicted of murder by California
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by California
Rappers from Sacramento, California
Underground rappers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ralph Fabri (April 23, 1894 – February 12, 1975) was an American painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1894 births
1975 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Budapest
20th-century American male artists
Shafqat Ali Khan (born 17 June 1972) is a classical singer of the khyal vocal genre, from Pakistan, belonging to the Sham Chaurasia gharana.
The youngest son of Ustad Salamat Ali Khan, Shafqat began performing from the age of seven, when he appeared at the Lahore Music Festival at Lahore, Pakistan in 1979.
Shafqat Ali Khan is the custodian of a four hundred year legacy of classical music. A major Pakistani English language newspaper reportedly commented about him, "This line of musicians began with Mian Chand Ali Khan and Mian Suraj Ali Khan who used to quell the heart and soul of Mughal Emperor Akbar by singing for him."
Awards and recognition
Describing a performance by Shafqat Ali Khan, The New York Times wrote, "exuberant complications, in which melodic gestures join hand-waving and synchronized finger-pointing to form an eloquent symbiosis." Khan has received numerous awards including the Amir Khusro Award in 1986, a Ghanda Award from New Delhi University in 1995 and a gold medal from Faisalabad University in 2004.
Shafqat Ali Khan received the Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 2009. In 2018, Shafqat Ali Khan has been selected as ambassador for peace by Universal Peace Federation held in Washington, D.C. In his message, Shafqat thanks to his fans and said that he has displayed the country's soft image and message of peace in the world through his music.
Career
Besides performing in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, Shafqat Ali Khan has performed concerts throughout Europe and in the United States and Canada. His recording labels are HMV (UK), EMI (India), EMI (Pakistan), WaterLily Acoustics (USA), MegaSound (India) and Folk Heritage (Pakistan).
Shafqat Ali Khan feels that since classical music is not commercial, all classical singers and other persons related to classical music can not earn enough to make a decent living for themselves. So they should be given additional monthly support income by the Pakistani government. Shafqat ali khan has many students all over India and Pakistan. Shafqat Ali Khan has two sons, Faizan Ali Khan and Nadir Ali Khan, they are singing with their father in concerts these days.
References
1972 births
Living people
Vocal gharanas
Pakistani ghazal singers
Pakistani classical singers
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Pakistani musicians
Classical music in Pakistan
Pakistani classical musicians
Wigger is the surname of the following notable people:
Angela Wigger (born 1975), Swiss political economist
Arndt Wigger (born 1943), German linguist
Deena Wigger (born 1966), American sports shooter
Friedrich Wigger (1825–1886), German archivist
Jeremias Wigger (born 1975), Swiss cross country skier
John Wiggers (1917–2007), American professional basketball player
Lones Wigger (1937–2017), American sports shooter, father of Deena
Nick Wiger (born 1980), American comedian, improviser, podcast personality, and television writer
Ralf Harold Wigger (1899–1974), American character actor
Siri Wigger (born 2003), Swiss cross-country skier
Stefan Wigger (1932–2013), German television actor
Winand Wigger (1841–1901), American Bishop of Newark
See also
Wiggers
The following is the List of the Catholic dioceses in Italy. , the Catholic Church in Italy is divided into sixteen ecclesiastical regions. While they are similar to the 20 civil regions of the Italian state, there are some differences. Most ecclesiastical regions are in turn divided into a number of ecclesiastical provinces. The provinces are in turn divided into a number of dioceses. The sovereign state of Vatican City is part of the metropolitan province of Rome. A metropolitan bishop exercises a degree of leadership over a group of dioceses that are loosely subject (suffragan) to the care of the metropolitan see. This list excludes those archdioceses, dioceses and ecclesiastical territories that are immediately subject to the Holy See.
There are 227 sees ('particular churches'), most of which are dioceses led by a bishop. A diocese that is led by an archbishop is known as an archdiocese. There are 40 Metropolitan archdioceses which serve as the seat of an ecclesiastical province. This number includes the Holy See and the Patriarchate of Venice. There are also four archdioceses which are non-metropolitan, having been demoted by papal decree. This brings the number of archbishops in Italy and Vatican City to 44 (i.e. 40 + 4).
All the sees belong to the Latin Church apart from three Eastern Catholic sees of the Italo-Albanian Catholic Church that use the Byzantine Rite in the Albanian language. All sees of the Latin Church use the Roman Rite apart from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Milan, which mainly uses the Ambrosian Rite.
In Rome, there is also an Apostolic Nunciature (papal diplomatic representation at ambassador-level) to the Republic of Italy and two permanent representatives to the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and to the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law (UNIDROIT).
Episcopal Conference of Italy
Exempt
The following are immediately Subject to the Holy See, despite not being in the Pope's Ecclesiastical Province of Rome.
non-Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lucca
non-Metropolitan Archdiocese of Spoleto-Norcia
Diocese of Orvieto-Todi
Diocese of Terni-Narni-Amelia
Territorial Abbey of Monte Oliveto Maggiore
Military Ordinariate of Italy
Personal Prelature of Opus Dei
Italo-Albanian Catholic Church
(Byzantine Rite, the only non-Latin dioceses in Italy)
Eparchy of Lungro
Eparchy of Piana degli Albanesi
Territorial Abbacy of Santa Maria of Grottaferrata
Ecclesiastical Region of Abruzzo-Molise
The ecclesiastical provinces of L'Aquila, Chieti-Vasto and Pescara-Penne are mainly situated in the civil region of Abruzzo while Campobasso-Boiano is situated in Molise.
Ecclesiastical Province of L'Aquila
Archdiocese of L'Aquila
Diocese of Avezzano
Diocese of Sulmona-Valva
Ecclesiastical Province of Chieti-Vasto
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto
Archdiocese of Lanciano-Ortona
Ecclesiastical Province of Pescara-Penne
Archdiocese of Pescara-Penne
Diocese of Teramo-Atri
Ecclesiastical Province of Campobasso-Boiano
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Campobasso-Boiano
Diocese of Isernia-Venafro
Diocese of Termoli-Larino
Diocese of Trivento
Ecclesiastical Region of Basilicata
Ecclesiastical Province of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo
Archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo
Archdiocese of Acerenza
Archdiocese of Matera-Irsina
Diocese of Melfi-Rapolla-Venosa
Diocese of Tricarico
Diocese of Tursi-Lagonegro
Ecclesiastical Region of Calabria
Ecclesiastical Province of Reggio Calabria-Bova
Archdiocese of Reggio Calabria-Bova
Diocese of Locri-Gerace
Diocese of Mileto-Nicotera-Tropea
Diocese of Oppido Mamertina-Palmi
Ecclesiastical Province of Catanzaro-Squillace
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Catanzaro-Squillace
Archdiocese of Crotone-Santa Severina
Diocese of Lamezia Terme
Ecclesiastical Province of Cosenza-Bisignano
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cosenza-Bisignano
Archdiocese of Rossano-Cariati
Diocese of Cassano all'Jonio
Diocese of San Marco Argentano-Scalea
Ecclesiastical Region of Campania
Ecclesiastical Province of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Salerno-Campagna-Acerno
Archdiocese of Amalfi-Cava de' Tirreni
Diocese of Nocera Inferiore-Sarno
Diocese of Teggiano-Policastro
Diocese of Vallo della Lucania
Territorial Abbey of Santissima Trinità di Cava de' Tirreni
Ecclesiastical Province of Benevento
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Benevento
Archdiocese of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi-Conza-Nusco-Bisaccia
Diocese of Ariano Irpino-Lacedonia
Diocese of Avellino
Diocese of Cerreto Sannita-Telese-Sant'Agata de' Goti
Territorial Abbey of Montevergine
Ecclesiastical Province of Naples
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Naples
Archdiocese of Capua
Archdiocese of Sorrento-Castellammare di Stabia
Diocese of Acerra
Diocese of Alife-Caiazzo
Diocese of Aversa
Diocese of Caserta
Diocese of Ischia
Diocese of Nola
Diocese of Pozzuoli
Diocese of Sessa Aurunca
Diocese of Teano-Calvi
Territorial Prelature of Pompei o Beatissima Vergine Maria del SS.mo Rosario
Ecclesiastical Region of Emilia-Romagna
Ecclesiastical Province of Bologna
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bologna
Archdiocese of Ferrara-Comacchio
Diocese of Faenza-Modigliana
Diocese of Imola
Ecclesiastical Province of Modena-Nonantola
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Modena-Nonantola
Diocese of Carpi
Diocese of Fidenza
Diocese of Parma
Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio
Diocese of Reggio Emilia-Guastalla
Ecclesiastical Province of Ravenna-Cervia
Archdiocese of Ravenna-Cervia
Diocese of Cesena-Sarsina
Diocese of Forli-Bertinoro
Diocese of Rimini
Diocese of San Marino-Montefeltro
Ecclesiastical Region of Lazio
Ecclesiastical Province of Rome
Diocese of Rome
Suburbicarian See of Albano
Suburbicarian See of Frascati
Suburbicarian See of Palestrina
Suburbicarian See of Porto-Santa Rufina
Suburbicarian See of Sabina-Poggio Mirteto
Suburbicarian See of Velletri-Segni
Archdiocese of Gaeta
Diocese of Anagni-Alatri
Diocese of Civita Castellana
Diocese of Civitavecchia-Tarquinia
Diocese of Frosinone-Veroli-Ferentino
Diocese of Latina-Terracina-Sezze-Priverno
Diocese of Rieti
Diocese of Sora-Aquino-Pontecorvo
Diocese of Tivoli
Diocese of Viterbo
Territorial Abbey of Montecassino
Territorial Abbey of Subiaco
Ecclesiastical Region of Liguria
Ecclesiastical Province of Genoa
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Genoa
Diocese of Albenga-Imperia
Diocese of Chiavari
Diocese of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato
Diocese of Savona-Noli
Diocese of Tortona
Diocese of Ventimiglia-San Remo
Ecclesiastical Region of Lombardy
Ecclesiastical Province of Milan
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Milan
Diocese of Bergamo
Diocese of Brescia
Diocese of Como
Diocese of Crema
Diocese of Cremona
Diocese of Lodi
Diocese of Mantua
Diocese of Pavia
Diocese of Vigevano
Ecclesiastical Region of Marche
Ecclesiastical Province of Ancona-Osimo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Ancona-Osimo
Diocese of Fabriano-Matelica
Diocese of Jesi
Diocese of Senigallia
Territorial Prelature of Loreto
Ecclesiastical Province of Fermo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Fermo
Archdiocese of Camerino-San Severino Marche
Diocese of Ascoli Piceno
Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia
Diocese of San Benedetto del Tronto-Ripatransone-Montalto
Ecclesiastical Province of Pesaro
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Pesaro
Archdiocese of Urbino-Urbania-Sant'Angelo in Vado
Diocese of Fano-Fossombrone-Cagli-Pergola
Ecclesiastical Region of Piedmont
Ecclesiastical Province of Turin
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Turin
Diocese of Acqui
Diocese of Alba Pompeia
Diocese of Aosta
Diocese of Asti
Diocese of Cuneo
Diocese of Fossano
Diocese of Ivrea
Diocese of Mondovi
Diocese of Pinerolo
Diocese of Saluzzo
Diocese of Susa
Ecclesiastical Province of Vercelli
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Vercelli
Diocese of Alessandria della Paglia
Diocese of Biella
Diocese of Casale Monferrato
Diocese of Novara
Ecclesiastical Region of Puglia
Ecclesiastical Province of Bari-Bitonto
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bari-Bitonto
Archdiocese of Trani-Barletta-Bisceglie
Diocese of Altamura-Gravina-Acquaviva delle Fonti
Diocese of Andria
Diocese of Conversano-Monopoli
Diocese of Molfetta-Ruvo-Giovinazzo-Terlizzi
Ecclesiastical Province of Foggia-Bovino
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Foggia-Bovino
Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-S. Giovanni Rotondo
Diocese of Cerignola-Ascoli Satriano
Diocese of Lucera-Troia
Diocese of San Severo
Ecclesiastical Province of Lecce
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lecce
Archdiocese of Brindisi-Ostuni
Archdiocese of Otranto
Diocese of Nardò-Gallipoli
Diocese of Ugento-Santa Maria di Leuca
Ecclesiastical Province of Taranto
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Taranto
Diocese of Castellaneta
Diocese of Oria
Ecclesiastical Region of Sardinia
Ecclesiastical Province of Cagliari
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cagliari
Diocese of Iglesias
Diocese of Lanusei
Diocese of Nuoro
Ecclesiastical Province of Oristano
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Oristano
Diocese of Ales-Terralba
Ecclesiastical Province of Sassari
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Sassari
Diocese of Alghero-Bosa
Diocese of Ozieri
Diocese of Tempio-Ampurias
Ecclesiastical Region of Sicily
Ecclesiastical Province of Agrigento
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Agrigento
Diocese of Caltanissetta
Diocese of Piazza Armerina
Ecclesiastical Province of Catania
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Catania
Diocese of Acireale
Diocese of Caltagirone
Ecclesiastical Province of Messina-Lipari-Santa Lucia del Mela
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Messina-Lipari-Santa Lucia del Mela
Diocese of Nicosia
Diocese of Patti
Ecclesiastical Province of Palermo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Palermo
Archdiocese of Monreale
Diocese of Cefalu
Diocese of Mazara del Vallo
Diocese of Trapani
Ecclesiastical Province of Siracusa (Syracuse)
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Siracusa
Diocese of Noto
Diocese of Ragusa
Ecclesiastical Region of Tuscany
Ecclesiastical Province of Firenze (Florence)
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Florence
Diocese of Arezzo-Cortona-Sansepolcro
Diocese of Fiesole
Diocese of Pistoia
Diocese of Prato
Diocese of San Miniato
Ecclesiastical Province of Pisa
Archdiocese of Pisa
Diocese of Livorno
Diocese of Massa Carrara-Pontremoli
Diocese of Pescia
Diocese of Volterra
Ecclesiastical Province of Siena-Colle di Val d'Elsa-Montalcino
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Siena-Colle di Val d'Elsa-Montalcino
Diocese of Grosseto
Diocese of Massa Marittima-Piombino
Diocese of Montepulciano-Chiusi-Pienza
Diocese of Pitigliano-Sovana-Orbetello
Ecclesiastical Region of Triveneto
In the ecclesiastical region of Triveneto, there are two ecclesiastical provinces of that are situated in the civil region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia (Gorizia and Udine); one province that is mainly situated in the civil region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol (Trento); one province that is mainly situated in the civil region of Veneto (Venice).
Ecclesiastical Province of Gorizia
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Gorizia
Diocese of Trieste
Ecclesiastical Province of Udine
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Udine
Ecclesiastical Province of Trento
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Trento
Diocese of Bolzano-Brixen
Ecclesiastical Province of Venice
Patriarchate (& Metropolitan Archdiocese) of Venice
Diocese of Adria-Rovigo
Diocese of Belluno-Feltre
Diocese of Chioggia
Diocese of Concordia-Pordenone
Diocese of Padua
Diocese of Treviso
Diocese of Verona
Diocese of Vicenza
Diocese of Vittorio Veneto
Ecclesiastical Region of Umbria
Ecclesiastical Province of Perugia-Città della Pieve
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Perugia-Città della Pieve
Diocese of Assisi-Nocera Umbra-Gualdo Tadino
Diocese of Città di Castello
Diocese of Foligno
Diocese of Gubbio
Former prelatures
Titular Prelatures
Titular Archiepiscopal Sees :
Metropolitan : Patriarchate of Aquileia, Patriarchate of Grado
other : Archdiocese of Gradisca
Titular Episcopal Sees (158): Acquapendente, Æca, Agropoli, Alessano, Altino, Amiterno, Anglona, Anzio, Aquaviva, Arna, Arpi, Asolo, Atella, Aveia, Bagnoregio, Belcastro, Bettona, Bevagna, Biccari, Bisarcio, Bitetto, Blanda, Blera, Bolsena, Bomarzo, Brescello, Buxentum, Campli, Canne, Canosa, Caorle, Capo della Foresta, Capri, Carini, Carinola, Carmeiano, Castello, Castro, Castro di Puglia, Castro di Sardegna, Caudium, Celano, Cerenzia, Cerveteri, Città Ducale, Civitanova, Civitate, Claterna, Cuma, Dolia, Dragonara, Eclano, Egnazia Appula, Equilio, Eraclea, Erdonia, Faleri, Falerone, Ferento, Fidene, Fiorentino, Fondi, Forconio, Fordongianus, Forlimpopoli, Formia, Foro Flaminio, Frigento, Gabi, Galazia in Campania, Gallese, Galtellì, Grumentum, Guardialfiera, Isola, Labico, Lavello, Lentini, Lesina, Lettere, Lilibeo, Lorium, Luni, Malamocco, Martana, Martirano, Massa Lubrense, Minervino Murge, Minori, Minturno, Miseno, Montecorvino, Montefiascone, Montemarano, Monterano, Monteverde, Mottola, Nepi, Nomento, Numana, Oderzo, Ofena, Orte, Ostra, Otricoli, Ottana, Passo Corese, Pausula, Pesto, Plestia, Ploaghe, Polignano, Populonia, Potenza Picena, Ravello, Roselle, Sabiona, Sala Consilina, Salpi, San Leone, Santa Giusta, Satriano, Scala, Sepino, Sorres, Spello, Strongoli, Subaugusta, Suelli, Sulci, Sutri, Taormina, Tauriano, Termini Imerese, Tharros, Thurio, Tindari, Torcello, Tortiboli, Tre Taverne, Treba, Trevi, Trevi nel Lazio, Trevico, Tricala, Troina, Tronto, Tuscania, Umbriatico, Urbisaglia, Velia, Vescovìo, Vibo Valentia, Vico Equense, Voghenza, Volturno, Vulturara, Zuglio
Titular Abbacies (?nullius) (all 10 united to current dioceses) : Farfa, Fontevivo, Nonantola, Pomposa, San Colombano, San Martino al Monte Cimino, San Michele Arcangelo di Montescaglioso, San Salvatore Maggiore, Santa Maria di Polsi, Santissimo Salvatore
Gallery of Archdioceses
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
List of cathedrals in Italy
Sources and external links
GCatholic - Italy
GCatholic - Former and/or titular sees in Italy
Catholic Hierarchy Profile of the Catholic Church in Italy
Roman Catholic dioceses
Italy
The Ideas Festival was a festival held in Brisbane, Australia, biennally between 2001 and 2011. Its purpose was to present ideas, promote public debate, and to foster and celebrate innovation in Queensland.
History
The Ideas Festival was established in 2001 to present ideas, promote public debate, and to foster and celebrate innovation in Queensland. The biennial event was presented by the Queensland Government. It was held in 2001, 2003, 2006, 2009 and 2011.
In 2001 and 2003, the Ideas Festival was presented in partnership with the Brisbane City Council at the Powerhouse. In 2006 the festival shifted to the South Bank Parklands, Brisbane supported by the Queensland Government.
In 2009 the program was delivered by Arts Queensland as part of the Q150 celebrations and the Year of Creativity, with Griffith University supporting as a major sponsor. The 2009 event presented over 100 speakers, 138 sessions and recorded attendances of over 22,000.
The 2011 event was delivered in partnership with the State Library of Queensland, and included "Flood of Ideas", an exhibition of ideas on planning for and responding to floods.
Description
The festival was an open public event, incorporating programming for children and schools, youth and the general public. Topics explored throughout the festival were broad, focusing on innovation and creativity across all industries.
References
External links
The Ideas Festival on Facebook (2012)
The Ideas Festival on Twitter (2011)
Cultural festivals in Australia
Festivals in Queensland
Recurring events established in 2001
2001 establishments in Australia
Ali Abdallah Abu-Eshrein (born 6 December 1989) is a Sudanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
References
1989 births
Living people
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
Sudan Premier League players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Krassimira Stoyanova (; born 16 August 1962) is a Bulgarian soprano.
Born in Veliko Tarnovo, she studied violin at the Conservatory and singing and violin at the Plovdiv Music Academy. She made her professional debut in 1995 at the Sofia National Opera, where she debuted a wide range of roles. Since 1998 has a close relationship with the Vienna State Opera where she has sung Rachel, Le nozze di Figaro, Micaëla, Antonia, Liù, Nedda, Mimì, Violetta, Alice, Rusalka, Desdemona, Elisabetta, Ariadne auf Naxos, Amelia, Anna Bolena, to mention only a few. She is particularly well known for the title role in La Juive. She was awarded the Austrian title of Kammersängerin in 2009.
She sings regularly at New York's Metropolitan Opera House, Teatro Colón, Deutsche Oper Berlin, San Diego, Chicago, the Liceu in Barcelona, Royal Opera House Covent Garden London, Teatro alla Scala di Milano, the Bastille Paris, to the State Operas of Munich, Hamburg, Berlin, Dresden and Zürich. In 2003 she made her debut at the Salzburg Festival where she has been a regular guest since then.
Recordings
Debut recital Palpiti d'amor Friedrich Haider. Orfeo.
Slavic Opera Arias – Tchaikovsky, Parashkev Hadjiev, Borodin, Dvorak, Smetana, Rimsky-Korsakov, Veselin Stoyanov. Orfeo
Beethoven, Missa Solemnis, Thielemann
Strauss, ¨Der Rosenkavalier¨, Franz Welser-Möst, Salzburg Festival, DVD
"Eugene Onegin", ROH CG, Ticciati, DVD
"Eugene Onegin", Jansons, DVD
Verdi, Requiem, Mariss Jansons.
Verdi, "Otello", Liceo, Ros-Maria, DVD
Verdi, "Otello", Muti, CD
Verdi, Arias, Baleff, CD
Puccini, Complete Songs, Prinz, CD
Rossini, Petite Messe Solennelle, Creed, CD
References
External links
Krassimira Stoyanova Official Web Site
Bulgarian operatic sopranos
1962 births
Living people
Österreichischer Kammersänger
People from Veliko Tarnovo
20th-century Bulgarian women opera singers
21st-century Bulgarian women opera singers
Events in the year 2019 in Norway.
Events
22 January - the Christian Democratic Party entered Solberg's Cabinet.
23 March – A cruise ship with engine problems sent a mayday call off Norway's western coast as it desperately tried to avoid being grounded on the rocky coast. Rescue workers then launched a high-risk evacuation of the ship's 1,300 passengers and crew, winching them one-by-one up to helicopters as heaving waves tossed the ship from side to side.
30 July – several landslides in Jølster blocked the European route E39.
10 August – 21-year-old Philip Manshaus perpetrated and was arrested for attacking Al-Noor Islamic Centre in Bærum. The shooting is being investigated as a possible act of terrorism.
24 August – Over 200 reindeer found dead in Svalbard; believed to be victims of climate change.
31 August – Confirmation of Princess Ingrid Alexandra took place in Skaugum.
28 October - A social security case came to light after it is found that the NAV found at least 48 people guilty of supposed social security fraud. Evidence suggests that this misinterpretation of EEA rules by both NAV and the government goes back until at least 2012.
8 November - Exactly one year after its accident, the investigation report for KNM Helge Ingstad is publicised. The Norwegian Navy face harsh criticism for their role in the accident, with minor criticism pointed at the tanker involved in the collision.
15 November - Frode Berg was released from the custody of Russia, having suspected Berg of espionage. Berg was exchanged with prisoners of Lithuania and subsequently returned to Norway.
11 December - Ja, vi elsker, composed by Rikard Nordraak, with lyrics by Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, became the official Norwegian national anthem, having been the unofficial anthem for years.
Sports
9 February – Aksel Lund Svindal raced for the last time in alpine skiing, finishing with a silver medal at the World Championships.
9 March – Magnus Moan raced for the last time in Nordic combined skiing.
30 May – Erling Haaland scored 9 goals in one match at the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup, breaking the U-20 World Cup record and also winning the tournament's Golden Boot.
9–11 August – 2019 European Team Championships, First League were held in Sandnes.
17 September – Erling Haaland scored 3 goals in his debut match in the UEFA Champions League (group stage).
Anniversaries
11 April – 150 years since the birth of Gustav Vigeland.
150 years since the Parliament of Norway convened every year.
100 years since the introduction of proportional representation in plural-member constituencies in parliamentary elections (effective from 1921)
Births
Deaths
1 January − Aud Blegen Svindland, physician (b. 1928).
1 January − Dagfinn Bakke, illustrator (b. 1933).
1 January − Nils Utsi, actor, stage director and film director (b. 1943).
2 January − Tommy Watz, translator (b. 1958).
8 January − Karsten Jakobsen, engineer and rector (b. 1928).
8 January − Sigvald Tveit, composer (b. 1945).
11 January − Bjørg Skjælaaen, figure skater (born 1933).
12 January − Eva Seeberg, author (b. 1931).
15 January − Espen Thorstenson, film director (b. 1940).
18 January − John Krogh, footballer (b. 1938).
21 January − Trond Botnen, printmaker (b. 1937).
23 January − Reidar Aarsand, accordionist (b. 1946).
28 January − Ingvald Godal, politician (b. 1934).
29 January − Hans Normann Dahl, illustrator, painter and printmaker (b. 1937).
29 January − Eivind Otto Hjelle, journalist (b. 1927).
30 January − Per Jorsett, sports reporter (b. 1920).
4 February − Karen Randers-Pehrson, actress (b. 1932).
4 February − Ove Kristian Sundberg, musicologist and composer (b. 1932).
8 February − Knut Haavik, magazine editor (Se og Hør 1978−2003) (b. 1943).
15 February − Jens Feder, physicist (b. 1939).
15 February − Ragnar Halvorsen, business executive (b. 1924).
15 February – Åsmund Myhre, politician (b. 1925).
18 February − Ragnar Christiansen, politician (b. 1922).
19 February − Thorbjørn Olaf Tufte, non-fiction writer (b. 1933).
Henrik Scheele, actor (b. 1952).
24 February − Ole Johs. Brunæs, politician (b. 1936).
1 March − Håkon Wexelsen Freihow, diplomat (b. 1927).
9 March − Wenche Kvamme, actress (b. 1950).
9 March − Sveinung Aarnseth, footballer (b. 1933).
12 March − Tom Skjønberg, yacht racer (b. 1948).
17 March − Hanne Aga, lyricist (b. 1947).
17 March − Astri Riddervold, ethnologist (b. 1925).
20 March − Terje Nilsen, singer (b. 1951).
25 March − Finn Ramsøy, resistance member (b. 1920).
25 March − Finn Arnesen, pulp book publisher (b. 1932).
28 March − Jon Skolmen, actor and comedian (b. 1940).
29 March − Jon Østeng Hov, nature photographer (b. 1936).
30 March − Morten Røhrt, actor and voice actor (b. 1954).
30 March − Erik Lorange, city planner (b. 1919).
3 April − Einar Iversen, jazz musician (b. 1930).
3 April − Rolf Håndstad, comics scriptwriter (b. 1958).
9 April − Leif Haraldseth, politician (b. 1929).
15 April − Guro Fjellanger, politician (b. 1964).
18 April − Andreas Ugland, ship-owner (b. 1925).
22 April − Roy Eriksen, scholar and university professor
23 April − Viggo Fossum, politician (b. 1949).
24 April − Babill Stray-Pedersen, physician (b. 1943).
28 April − Bernt Rougthvedt, historian and crime writer (b. 1956).
1 May − Arnor Njøs, soil scientist (b. 1930).
3 May − Kjell Grandhagen, lieutenant general (b. 1954).
4 May − Terje Moe Gustavsen, politician and civil servant (b. 1954).
4 May − Solo Cissokho, koraist (b. 1963).
4 May − Arne Grimstad, novelist (b. 1923).
6 May − Gjermund Eggen, cross-country skier (b. 1941).
12 May − Eva Dahr, film director (b. 1958).
12 May − Mads H. Andenæs, legal scholar (b. 1940).
16 May − Kjell Wangen, footballer (b. 1942).
17 May – Jan Elvheim, politician (b. 1949).
18 May − Signe Marie Stray Ryssdal, barrister and politician (b. 1924).
19 May − Alfred Janson, composer (b. 1937).
21 May – Aase Texmon Rygh, sculptor (b. 1925).
22 May – Joar Hoff, football manager (b. 1939)
27 May – Karin Hafstad, politician (b. 1936).
29 May − Kari Oftedal Lima, politician (b. 1943).
30 May – Arne Lyngstad, politician (b. 1962).
3 June – Anne Kristin Lund, diplomat (b. 1952).
9 June – Erla Bergendahl Hohler, art historian (b. 1937).
12 June – Fredrik Hagemann, geologist and civil servant (b. 1929).
12 June – Olaf Sætersdal, civil servant (b. 1923).
17 June – Knut Andersen, film director (b. 1931).
19 June – Helge Stormorken, veterinarian and professor of medicine (b. 1922).
20 June – Helga Lie, politician (b. 1930).
22 June – Arild Berg, footballer (b. 1975).
23 June – Svanhild Salberg, politician (b. 1932).
2 July – Åslaug Grinde, politician (b. 1931).
5 July – Paolo Vinaccia, jazz drummer (b. 1954).
6 July – Ragnar Hoen, chess player (b. 1925).
6 July – Lasse Sæther, film producer (b. 1948).
10 July – Arvid Andreassen, illustrator (b. 1931).
12 July – Paul Karlsen, festival impresario (b. 1947).
16 July – Fatma Jynge, politician (b. 1945).
19 July – Lasse Trædal, non-fiction writer (b. 1945).
20 July – Leif Jørgen Aune, economist and politician (b. 1925).
26 July – Dagfinn Stenseth, diplomat (b. 1936).
27 July – Kolbjørn Brekstad, diplomat (b. 1932).
29 July – Egil Danielsen, javelin thrower (b. 1933).
30 July – Steinar Johannessen, footballer (b. 1936).
1 August – Ingrid Aune, politician (b. 1985).
2 August – Oluf Fuglerud, politician (b. 1924).
5 August – Else Kollerud Furre, politician (b. 1922).
8 August – Erling Wicklund, jazz trombonist (b. 1944).
11 August – Oddbjørn Knutsen, political scientist (b. 1953).
12 August – Jan Simonsen, politician (b. 1953).
18 August − Ansgar Torvik, physician (b. 1925).
25 August – Anne Grete Preus, musician (b. 1957).
26 August – Per Farstad, designer (b. 1951).
27 August – Sven Trygve Falck, politician (b. 1943).
31 August – Agnar Sandmo, economist (b. 1938).
31 August – Else Heimstad, war sailor activist (b. 1924).
3 September – Halvard Hanevold, biathlete (b. 1969).
3 September − Eivin Sannes, jazz pianist (b. 1937).
8 September − Olav Skjevesland, bishop (b. 1942).
18 September − Tony Mills, rock singer (b. 1962).
18 September − Willy Jansson, politician (b. 1927).
24 September − Magnar Lussand, politician (b. 1945).
26 September – Kåre Tønnesson, historian (b. 1926).
27 September – Unni Evjen, actress (b. 1943).
28 September − Jan E. Rivelsrud, hotelier (b. 1940).
9 October – Erling Steineide, cross-country skier (b. 1938).
14 October – Gunnar Torvund, sculptor (b. 1948).
20 October − Asbjørn Liland, politician (b. 1936).
20 October − Øivind Hvattum, politician (b. 1935).
21 October – Pål Caspersen, ship-owner (b. ).
22 October − Lena Marie Fossen, photographic artist (b. 1986).
24 October – Kristin Johnson, continuity announcer (b. 1940).
26 October – Guttorm Guttormsgaard, artist (b. 1938).
5 November – Jan Erik Kongshaug, music producer (b. 1944).
13 November − Reidar Skotgård, politician (b. 1936).
15 November – Olav Bjørgaas, physician and missionary (b. 1926)
17 November − Åse-Marit Dobloug, politician (b. 1936).
20 November – Erik Magnus Alfsen, mathematician (b. 1930).
22 November – Kaare Norum, nutritionist and rector (b. 1932).
28 November − Grethe G. Fossum, politician (b. 1945).
3 December – Ragnar Ulstein, resistance member and writer (b. 1920).
7 December – Grete Roede, weightloss magnate (b. 1939).
7 December – Vigdis Ystad, literary historian (b. 1942).
16 December − Johan Syrstad, politician (b. 1924).
17 December − Hans O. Bjøntegård, businessperson (b. 1932).
21 December − Thor Bjarne Bore, editor (b. 1938).
25 December − Ari Behn, author and former husband of Princess Märtha Louise (b. 1972).
28 December − Harald Thon, orienteer (b. 1954).
29 December − Oluf Skarpnes, civil servant (b. 1929).
See also
References
Bandar Seri Jempol or Bandar Baru Serting is a town and planned capital of Jempol District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.
Facilities
Jempol District Mosque
Jempol District and Land Office
Majlis Perbandaran Jempol (MPJL) main headquarters
Jempol District Hospital
Police District Headquarters (IPD Jempol)
Jempol Public Library
Jempol District
Towns in Negeri Sembilan
The fifth season of the Fairy Tail anime series is directed by Shinji Ishihira and produced by A-1 Pictures and Satelight. Like the rest of the series, it follows the adventures of Natsu Dragneel and Lucy Heartfilia of the fictional guild Fairy Tail. Instead of adapting part of Hiro Mashima's Fairy Tail manga, it features a completely original, self-contained story arc called , and focus on Natsu and the members of Fairy Tail as they meet a relative of the Heartfilias', and face a religious sect of warriors and a revived Oración Seis as they try to find the parts to an ancient doomsday weapon.
The season initially ran from April 14 to September 29, 2012 on TV Tokyo in Japan. Seven DVD compilations were released, each containing four episodes, by Pony Canyon between September 5, 2012 and March 6, 2013, including the last episode of the fourth season and first two episodes of the sixth season. Funimation Entertainment released the episodes with their own English-dubbed version across three Blu-ray/DVD box sets, released on July 15, September 16, and October 28 in 2014. The episodes were made available on Funimation's website as "Season 5".
The season makes use of 4 pieces of theme music: two opening themes and two ending themes. The first opening theme, performed by +Plus, is used for the first 12 episodes, and the second opening theme used for the remainder of the season is performed by Hero. The ending themes, used with the opening themes, are "Glitter (Starving Trancer Remix)" by Another Infinity, and by Sata Andagi, respectively.
Episode list
Notes
References
General
Specific
5
2012 Japanese television seasons
The Marquette Building, completed in 1895, is a Chicago landmark that was built by the George A. Fuller Company and designed by architects Holabird & Roche. The building is currently owned by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. It is located in the community area known as the "Loop" in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The building was one of the early steel frame skyscrapers of its day, and is considered one of the best examples of the Chicago School of architecture. The building originally had a reddish, terra cotta exterior that, prior to restoration, was somewhat blackened due to decades of Loop soot. It is noted both for its then cutting edge frame and its ornate interior.
Since construction, the building has received numerous awards and honors. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 9, 1975, and is considered an architectural masterpiece. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 17, 1973 and named a National Historic Landmark on January 7, 1976. The building's preservation has been a major focus of the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois. The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation completed an extensive four-year restoration in 2006.
History
The building was named after Father Jacques Marquette, the first European settler in Chicago, who explored the Chicago region in 1674 and wintered in the area for the 1674-5 winter season. It was designed by William Holabird and Martin Roche, with Coydon T. Purdy, architects of the firm Holabird & Roche.
In the 1930s, the building was the downtown headquarters for over 30 railroad companies. Around 1950, the terra-cotta cornice was removed from the Marquette Building when an additional story was added. The building has been in continuous use as an office building since its construction.
In 1977, Banker's Life and Casualty Company, owned by John D. MacArthur, acquired the Marquette Building. After his death in 1978, the building became the headquarters for the MacArthur Foundation, which bears his name.
The lobby of the Marquette Building connects with the D.H. Burnham & Company–designed Edison Building to the west, providing a pedway from Dearborn to Clark. After the September 11, 2001 attacks, many downtown buildings closed to the public, which eliminated warm, dry, indoor walking routes providing shortcuts through full city blocks, but the Marquette Building did not.
Architecture
The building features several distinct elements that have earned it honors as a Chicago Landmark, a National Historic Landmark, and a National Register Historic Place. It is considered an exemplary model of the Chicago School of Architecture. The architects, Holabird & Roche, used trademark long horizontal bay "Chicago windows" on the Marquette Building. These are large panes of glass flanked by narrow sash windows. The grid-like window frames and spandrels are facilitated by the steel structure which enables non-load-bearing masonry walls. The Marquette is 16 stories tall. This was one of the first steel framed skyscrapers. Wave-like moldings decorate the façade, which is made of horizontally banded brown terra cotta. The building is constructed around a central light court and features an ornate, two-story lobby.
The ensemble of mosaics, sculptures, and bronze of the Marquette Building entry and interior honors Jacques Marquette's 1674-5 expedition. Four bas relief panels over the main entrance by sculptor Hermon Atkins MacNeil show different scenes from Marquette's trip through the Great Lakes region, ending with one depicting his burial. The revolving door panels feature carvings of panther's heads. The hexagonal railing around the lobby atrium is decorated with a mosaic frieze by the Tiffany studio depicting events in the life of Jacques Marquette, his exploration of Illinois, and Native Americans he met. The mosaics are by Louis Comfort Tiffany and his chief designer and art director, Jacob Adolph Holzer; they contain panels of lustered Tiffany glass, mother-of-pearl, and semi-precious stones.
Restoration
The preservation of this building was championed by the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois. In 2001, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, its current owners, began a multi-year renovation. The restoration to the exterior proceeded in two phases: reconstructing the cornice and replacing the 17th story windows to match the original windows; and cleaning and restoring the masonry and restoring the remainder of the windows. Restoration architect Thomas "Gunny" Harboe directed this work.
On September 12, 2006, The Commission on Chicago Landmarks honored 21 landmark buildings, homeowners, and businesses with the Chicago Landmark Award for Preservation Excellence at the eighth-annual Landmarks ceremony. The award recognizes work involving notable improvements to individual Chicago landmarks or to buildings within Chicago Landmark Districts.
On October 16, 2007, the Foundation opened a new interactive audio visual exhibit on the first floor, detailing the history of the building and its contribution to Chicago architecture. The free exhibit, which is open to the public, will run indefinitely.
Notes
Additional sources
Riedy, James L., Chicago Sculpture, University of Illinois Press, Urbana, IL 1981
Rooney, William A., Architectural Ornamentation in Chicago, Chicago Review Press, Chicago, 1984
External links
Marquette.MacFound.org, a Web site dedicated to the architecture & history of the Marquette Building
Marquette Building details at Emporis.com
Inside Chicago Walking Tours, for interior tours of this and other famous Chicago landmark buildings
Chicago Architecture Foundation, learn more about the Marquette Building's architecture & sign up for a tour
Chicago school architecture in Illinois
National Historic Landmarks in Chicago
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago
Skyscraper office buildings in Chicago
Projects by Holabird & Root
Holabird & Root
Office buildings completed in 1895
Chicago Landmarks
1895 establishments in Illinois
KOTV may refer to:
KOTV-DT, a television station (virtual channel 6) licensed to Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
KOTV Boxing, a weekly television programme on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom
The rectoanal inhibitory reflex (RAIR) (also known as the anal sampling mechanism, anal sampling reflex, rectosphincteric reflex, or anorectal sampling reflex) is a reflex characterized by a transient involuntary relaxation of the internal anal sphincter in response to distention of the rectum. The RAIR provides the upper anal canal with the ability to discriminate between flatus and fecal material.
The ability of the rectum to discriminate between gaseous, liquid and solid contents is essential to the ability to voluntarily control defecation. The RAIR allows for voluntary flatulation to occur without also eliminating solid waste, irrespective of the presence of fecal material in the anal canal.
Reflex arc
The physiological basis for the RAIR is poorly understood, but it is thought to involve a coordinated response by the internal anal sphincter to rectal distention with recovery of anal pressure from the distal to the proximal sphincter. Mediated by the autonomic nervous system, the afferent limb of this reflex depends upon an intact network of interstitial cells of Cajal in the internal anal sphincter. These cells, which are mediated at least in part by nitric oxide, provide inhibitory innervation of the internal anal sphincter.
Clinical significance
Impairment of this reflex can result in fecal incontinence. The absence of a RAIR is pathognomonic for Hirschsprung's disease.
See also
External anal sphincter
Levator ani
References
Digestive system
Biblical Czech language is Czech literary language, which established Czech intellectuals by translation of Bible of Kralice. Slovak scholars used as one of their literary languages in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Protestants in Slovakia had already adopted the biblical Czech language in the 16th century. In the 18th century, biblical Czech language, with Slovak elements, became widely used by Slovak poets and writers.
Ján Kollár and Pavel Jozef Šafárik, significant Slovak poets, wrote in the biblical Czech language. They wrote in the biblical Czech language even though the first form of literary Slovak had already appeared.
During the late 18th and mid-19th centuries, there was dispute was about which of the languages would become the dominant and national language of the Slovaks. Catholics used the first form of literary Slovak language, while Protestants used biblical Czech language.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, the biblical Czech language was still used in religious ceremonies by Slovak Protestants.
Sources
External links
Úplné texty troch diel Jána Kollára
Czech language
Christian liturgical languages
Kamarak (, also Romanized as Kamrak; also known as Kamareh) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Joypurhat Government College is the highest educational institution of Joypurhat. The college was established 1963 and is located near Joypurhat railway station. The college was nationalized in 1980. It is a National University College with the college code 2801.
Departments
Department of Accounting
Department of Bangla
Department of Botany
Department of Economics
Department of English
Department of Islamic History & Culture
Department of Management
Department of Mathematics
Department of Philosophy
Department of Physics
Department of Political Science
Department of Zoology
Department of Chemistry
See also
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Rajshahi
References
External links
Colleges in Joypurhat District
Universities and colleges in Joypurhat District
Educational institutions established in 1963
1963 establishments in Pakistan
The 1998 United States Senate election in Alabama was held November 3, 1998, alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Richard Shelby won re-election to a third term. Shelby was elected in 1986 and 1992 as a Democrat, but switched to the Republican party in 1994 after the Republican Revolution, making this the first election he competed in as a Republican.
Candidates
Republican
Richard Shelby, incumbent U.S. Senator since 1987
Democratic
Clayton Suddith, army veteran and former Franklin County Commissioner
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Alabama
1998
The San Francisco/Northern California Emmy Award are an award bestowed by the San Francisco/Northern California Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The San Francisco, California-based chapter was founded in 1961. In addition to granting the San Francisco/Northern California Emmy Awards, this chapter awards scholarships, honors industry veterans at the Silver Circle Celebration, conducts National Student Television Awards of Excellence, has a free research and a nationwide job bank. The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
Boundaries
This academy is one of the largest chapters whose area covers California, from Visalia to the Oregon border; Hawaii; and Reno, Nevada. Entrants within these borders submit television broadcast materials for awards considerations.
Board of governors
The Board of Governors is a working board, which works together collaboratively to ensure they are providing for the best interests of the membership
Emmy award winners
Emmy award winners are individuals who show excellence in the field of television. The Emmys are held to the same esteem as the Oscar Awards are to motion pictures or the Grammy Awards are to the music industry.
References
Regional Emmy Awards
Awards established in 1961
1961 establishments in California
A stave is a narrow length of wood with a slightly bevelled edge to form the sides of barrels, tanks, tubs, vats and pipelines, originally handmade by coopers. They have been used in the construction of large holding tanks and penstocks at hydro power developments.
They are also used in the construction of certain musical instruments with rounded bodies or backs.
See also
Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme, which has wood stave penstocks on operating power stations
Lake Margaret Power Station, which had a wood stave penstock replaced in 2010
References
Structural engineering
Woodworking
Leckhampstead is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of Buckinghamshire, England. It is near the boundary with Northamptonshire, about north east of Buckingham, and west of Milton Keynes. The village is on the River Leck, a tributary of the River Great Ouse.
History
The toponym is derived from the Old English for "homestead where leeks are grown". In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Lechamstede.
In the middle of the 16th century the village was split into two halves, Leckhampstead Magna and Leckhampstead Parva, with the foundation of a manor house in the latter. However within a couple of centuries the two halves were joined up again when the incumbent of Leckhampstead Magna inherited Leckhampstead Parva.
The Church of England parish church of the Assumption of the Blesséd Virgin Mary is Norman, with a tower that was added in the 13th century. It is a Grade I listed building.
References
Works cited
Further reading
External links
North Buckingham Parish
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
{{Infobox alpine ski racer
|name = Thomas Fanara
|image = Portrait Ski FANARA.jpg
|image_size = 210
|caption = Fanara, c. 2009
|disciplines = Giant slalom
|club = Douanes – C.S. Praz-sur-Arly
|birth_date =
|birth_place = Annecy, Haute-Savoie, France
|death_date =
|death_place =
|height = 170 cm
|wcdebut = 11 January 2005 (age 23)
|retired = 16 March 2019 (age 37)
|website =
|olympicteams = 3 – (2006, 2014, 2018)
|olympicmedals = 0
|olympicgolds =
|worldsteams = 6 – (2007–15, 2019)|worldsmedals = 1 (1 gold)
|worldsgolds =
|wcseasons = 15 – (2005–2019)
|wcwins = 1 – (1 GS)
|wcpodiums = 14 – (14 GS)
|wcoveralls = 0 – (23rd in 2016)|wctitles = 0 – (4th in GS, 2014)|medals =
|show-medals = yes
}}
Thomas Fanara (born 24 April 1981) is a former French World Cup alpine ski racer.
Born in Annecy, Haute-Savoie, Fanara specialised in giant slalom; his one and only win came in March 2016 at the giant slalom finals in St. Moritz, Switzerland. He is the oldest racer to reach a World Cup podium in giant slalom, and competed for France at three Winter Olympics and six World Championships. He retired from competition at the end of the 2018-19 season.
World Cup
Fanara has started over 70 World cup races, mostly in giant slalom but also in slalom, and has been on the podium fourteen times. For some time he held the record for most World Cup podium finishes without a win until his victory at the World Cup finals in St. Moritz in 2016. In December 2007, he fell and hurt himself in the second run after winning the first run of a race in Bad Kleinkirchheim, but finished. Two years later in December 2009, Fanara incurred a season-ending injury to his left knee after a spectacular fall during a race in Beaver Creek, two months before the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Following his World Cup win in St. Moritz, Fanara suffered an injury which kept him out of competition for the 2016-17 season. However, he subsequently made a successful return, taking a number of podia finished in his final season.
Season standings
Race podiums
1 win – (1 GS)
14 podiums – (14 GS)
World championships
Fanara has competed in four World Championships in the giant slalom discipline. In 2007 in Åre, Sweden, he finished 16th, but on home country snow in 2009 in Val-d'Isère, France, he did not finish the first run. At Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, he finished sixth in 2011 but failed to finish the first run in 2013 at Schladming, Austria. Fanara participated in the team event in 2011 at Garmisch and earned a gold medal.
Olympics
At the Winter Olympics, Fanara did not finish the first run of the giant slalom in 2006 and was injured two months prior the 2010 Games and did not compete.
National championships
Fanara reached the podium of French national championships four times, all in giant slalom. In 2005 he was third; in 2006 he was second; and he won in 2007 and 2009.
References
External links
Thomas Fanara World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
French Ski Team – 2019 men's A team – ''
Fischer Skis – alpine racing – Thomas Fanara
1981 births
French male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Sportspeople from Annecy
Living people
Université Savoie-Mont Blanc alumni
San Crisogono is a church in Rome (rione Trastevere) dedicated to the martyr Saint Chrysogonus. It was one of the tituli, the first parish churches of Rome, and was probably built in the 4th century under Pope Sylvester I (314–335), rebuilt in the 12th century by John of Crema, and again by Giovanni Battista Soria, funded by Scipione Borghese, in the early 17th century.
The area beneath the sacristy was investigated by Fr. L. Manfredini and Fr. C. Piccolini in 1907. They found remains of the first church (see below). After they had made this discovery, the area was excavated and studied.
The church is served by Trinitarians. Among the previous Cardinal Priests was Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci (1853–1878), elected Pope Leo XIII.
Art and architecture
The bell tower dates from the 12th century rebuilding. The interior of the church was rebuilt in the 1620s on the site of a 12th-century church. The 22 granite columns in the nave are reused antique columns. The floor is cosmatesque. The confessio in the sanctuary area is from the 8th century. The high altar is from 1127, with a baldachino from (1627 or 1641) by G.B Soria.
The painting in the middle of the Baroque coffered ceiling is by Guercino, and depicts the Glory of Saint Chrysogonus. It is likely a copy of the original, which is thought to have been taken to London, but it is possible the one here is the original and the one in London is the copy.
On the left side of the nave is the shrine of Blessed Anna Maria Taigi, buried here in the habit of a tertiary of the Trinitarians. Blessed Anna Maria Taigi (1769-1837) was a Christian mystic beatified in 1920. Above the altar is a painting by Aronne Del Vecchio of the Trinitarian Saints in Glory. Visitors can view some of her other belongings in the adjacent monastery, where they are venerated as relics.
The monument at the left of the entrance, dedicated to Cardinal Giovanno Jacopo Millo was completed by Carlo Marchionni and Pietro Bracci. Along the right side of the nave are the remains of frescoes, including a Santa Francesca Romana and a Crucifixion, attributed to Paolo Guidotti and transferred from the Church of Saints Barbara and Catherine. The nave also displays a painting of Three Archangels by Giovanni da San Giovanni and a Trinity and Angels by Giacinto Gimignani, while the altar has a Guardian Angel by Ludovico Gimignani. The presbytery and ciborium (or baldachin), created by Soria, are surrounded by four alabaster columns. The apse has frescoes of the Life of Saint Crisogono (16th century) above a Madonna & Child with Saints Crisogono & James by the 12th century school of Pietro Cavallini. The presbytery vault is frescoed with a Virgin by Giuseppe Cesari.
The inscriptions found in San Crisogono, a valuable source illustrating the history of the church, have been collected and published by Vincenzo Forcella.
Excavations
Remains from the first church, possibly from the reign of Constantine I, and earlier Roman houses can be seen in the lower parts, reached by a staircase in the sacristy. The ruins are confusing, but you can easily find the apse of the old church and you can see the remains of the martyr's shrine in middle of the apse wall. The church had an uncommon form; rather than the normal basilical plan with a central nave and two aisles on the sides, it had a single nave.
On either side of the apse are rooms known as pastophoria, service rooms of a type uncommon in the West but normal in Eastern churches. The one on the right-hand side is thought to have been used as a diaconium, with functions resembling those of the sacristy in later churches. The other would then probably have been a protesis, where holy relics were kept.
A number of basins were found here during the excavations, including one cut into the south wall. As the plan is so atypical of early Roman churches, some believe that the structure originally had a different function, and the presence of the basins could mean that it was a fullonica, a laundry and dye-house. The area was a commercial district at the time, so this is quite likely. Others think that the basin in the south wall was made for baptism by immersion. As there were other basins too, it seems more likely that it was originally intended for a different use, but it may very well have been used as a baptismal font after the building had been consecrated as a church.
The paintings are from the 8th to the 11th century, and include Pope Sylvester Capturing the Dragon, St Pantaleon Healing the Blind Man, St Benedict Healing the Leper and The Rescue of St Placid.
Several sarcophagi have been preserved here, some beautifully decorated.
Below the first church are remains of late Republican houses.
Liturgy
The shrine was for many centuries the national church of the Sardinians and the Corsicans resident in Rome. Starting with the 16th century, the Corsicans immigrated in the city settled in the Tiber Island and in that part of Trastevere lying between the Port of Ripa Grande and the church. In the interior are buried several commanders of the Guardia corsa, a militia analogue to the Swiss guard, which was active in Rome between the 15th and the 17th century.
The feast day of St Chrysogonus, 24 November, is also the dedication day of the church. Pilgrims and other faithful who attend Mass on this day receive a plenary indulgence.
Cardinal priests of San Crisogono
Stephen (745-752), Priest elected Pope, but died before consecration
Bernard degli Uberti (1097-1111?), Bishop of Parma
Gregorius (c. 1111—1113)
Theodericus (c. 1113—1116)
Giovanni da Crema (c. 1117—before 1137)
Berardo dei Marsi (1130-1136), Bishop of Avezzano
Bernardo (1136-1138), Priest
Guido Bellagi (1138-1158), Priest
Ardicio Rivoltella (1158-1165), Priest
Pietro (1173-1180), Meaux
Bonadies de Bonadie (1186-1186), Priest
Stephen Langton (1205-1228), Archbishop of Canterbury
Robert Somercotes (1239-1241), Priest
Raymond Le Roux (January 1325-November 1325), Protonotarius Apostolico
Pierre Cyriac (20 September 1342 – 1351), Priest
Guy de Boulogne (1351-1373), Archbishop of Lyon
Corrado Caracciolo (12 June 1405 – 15 February 1411), Bishop of Mileto
Antão Martins de Chavez (8 July 1440 – 6 July 1447), Bishop of Porto
Antonio Cerdà i Lloscos (17 February 1448 – 12 September 1459), Archbishop of Modena
Giacomo Ammannati-Piccolomini (8 January 1462 – 17 August 1477), Bishop of Pavia
Girolamo Basso della Rovere (17 September 1479 – 31 August 1492), Bishop of Renacati
Giovanni Battista Ferrari (5 January 1500 – 20 July 1502), Bishop of Modena
Adriano di Castello (12 June 1503 – 5 July 1518), Bishop of Hereford
Albrecht von Brandenburg (5 July 1518 – 5 January 1521), Bishop of Mainz
Eberhard von Der Mark (5 January 1521 – 27 February 1538), Archbishop of Valencia
Girolamo Aleandro (20 March 1538 – 1 February 1542), Archbishop of Brindisi-Oria
Pietro Bembo (15 February 1542 – 17 October 1544), Bishop of Bergamo
Uberto Gambara (17 October 1544 – 14 February 1549), Bishop of Tortona
Jean du Bellay (25 February 1549 – 28 February 1550), Archbishop of Bourdeaux
Antoine Sanguin de Meudon (28 February 1550 – 25 November 1559), Bishop of Limoges
Cristoforo Madruzzo (16 January 1560 – 13 March 1560), Bishop of Brixen
Jean Bertrand (13 March 1560 – 4 December 1560), Archbishop of Sens
Charles II de Bourbon-Vendôme (15 January 1561 – 9 May 1590), Archbishop of Rouen
Domenico Pinelli (14 January 1591 – 22 April 1602), Bishop of Fermo
Camillo Borghese (22 April 1602 – 16 May 1605), Bishop of Montalcino
Carlo Conti) (1 June 1605 – 17 August 1605), Bishop of Ancona e Umana
Scipione Caffarelli-Borghese (17 August 1605 – 2 October 1633), Archbishop of Bologna
Pietro Maria Borghese (19 December 1633 – 15 June 1642), Priest
Fausto Poli (31 August 1643 – 7 October 1653), Bishop of Orvieto
Lorenzo Imperiali (23 March 1654 – 21 September 1673), Priest
Giovanni Battista Spada (24 September 1673 – 23 January 1675), Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals
Carlo Pio di Savoia (28 January 1675 – 1 December 1681), Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals
Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni (1 December 1681 – 13 November 1684), Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for the Faith
Guilio Spinola (13 November 1684 – 28 February 1689), Bishop of Lucca
Fabrizio Spada (23 May 1689 – 30 April 1708), elevated to Cardinal-Priest of Santa Prassede
Filippo Antonio Gualterio (30 April 1708 – 29 January 1724), elevated to Cardinal Priest of Santa Cecilia in Trastevere
Prospero Marefoschi (29 January 1725 – 19 November 1725), elevated to Cardinal Priest of San Callisto
Giulio Alberoni (20 September 1728 – 29 August 1740), elevated to Cardinal Priest of San Lorenzo in Lucina
Sigismund von Kollonitsch (29 August 1740 – 12 April 1751)
Giovanni Giacomo Millo (10 December 1753 – 16 November 1757)
Giovanni Battista Rovero (2 August 1758 – 9 October 1766)
Filippo Maria Pirelli (1 December 1766 – 10 January 1771)
Francesco Maria Banditi (18 December 1775 – 27 January 1796)
Vincenzo Pecci (22 December 1853 – 20 February 1878), elected pope Leo XIII
Friedrich Egon von Fürstenberg (27 February 1880 – 20 August 1892)
Philipp Krementz (19 January 1893 – 6 May 1899)
Francesco di Paola Cassetta (22 June 1899 – 27 March 1905), elevated to Cardinal Bishop of Sabina
Pietro Maffi (18 April 1907 – 17 March 1931)
Theodor Innitzer (13 March 1933 – 9 October 1955)
Antonio María Barbieri (15 December 1958 – 6 July 1979)
Bernard Yago (2 February 1993 – 5 October 1997)
Paul Shan Kuo-hsi (21 February 1998 – 22 August 2012)
Andrew Yeom Soo-jung (2 February 2014 – present)
References
Bibliography
Apollonj-Ghetti, Bruno Maria (1966). S. Crisogono. Le chiese di Roma illustrate, 92. (Roma, 1966).
Cigola, Michela, "La basilica di s. Crisogono in Roma. Un rilievo critico", numero monografico del Bollettino del Centro di Studi per la Storia dell'Architettura, n. 35, Roma, dicembre 1989.
Cigola M., "La basilica paleocristiana di san Crisogono," Archeologia XXV, numero 6/7, giugno luglio 1986, pp. 14-15.
Cigola M., "La basilica di san Crisogono in Roma," Alma Roma XXV, numero 5-6, settembre-dicembre 1984, pp. 45-57.
External links
High-resolution 360° Panoramas and Images of San Crisogono | Art Atlas
San Crisogono
4th-century churches
5th-century churches
Titular churches
Trinitarian Order
San Crisogono
Antoni Partalev (born 19 May 1958) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Route 128 is a short highway in Grundy County. Its northern terminus is at Crowder State Park northwest of Trenton; its southern terminus is less than three miles (5 km) south at Route 146. Despite being an even number, which normally runs east-west in Missouri, Route 128 is a north-south highway.
Route description
Route 128 begins at an intersection with Route 146 west of Trenton, heading north as a two-lane undivided road. The route runs through forested areas of Crowder State Park, passing to the west of Crowder Lake. Route 128 curves west and reaches its northern terminus within the state park.
Major intersections
References
128
Transportation in Grundy County, Missouri
The moka pot is a stove-top or electric coffee maker that brews coffee by passing boiling water pressurized by steam through ground coffee. Named after the Yemeni city of Mocha, it was invented by Italian engineer Alfonso Bialetti in 1933 and quickly became one of the staples of Italian culture. Bialetti Industries continues to produce the same model under the trade name "Moka Express".
Spreading from Italy, the moka pot is today most commonly used in Europe and in Latin America. It has become an iconic design, displayed in modern industrial art and design museums including the Wolfsonian-FIU, Museum of Modern Art, the Cooper–Hewitt, National Design Museum, the Design Museum, and the London Science Museum. Moka pots come in different sizes, making from one to eighteen servings. The original design and many current models are made from aluminium with Bakelite handles.
After the Second World War, the Italian moka pot spread all over the South of Europe and became the standard way of domestically making coffee. Its popularity led to non-Italian South European manufacturers making copies or new designs inspired in the original Italian design.
In Australia, the moka pot was traditionally used by Italian migrants who arrived mostly after the Second World War. By 2000 the moka had become popular in the homes of many Australians. Today it is quite popular at breakfast time, often Australians will add the brew to a mug and top up with either water off the boil or warmed milk.
Moka pots are typically made of aluminium, though they are sometimes made out of stainless steel or other alloys.
Brewing coffee with a moka pot
Moka pots are used over a flame or electric range. Stainless steel, but not aluminium moka pots can be used with induction cooking.
Though everyday usage of these pots does not require much in the way of theoretical understanding, a number of physics papers have been written between 2001 and 2009 providing models for the process, utilizing the ideal gas law and Darcy's law to provide insights into how the pot works, dispelling the popular myth that a Moka pot needs to boil water to brew (the water's vapor pressure combined with the expanding gas is sufficient), and offering insights into the dynamics of extraction.
The boiler (marked A in the diagram) is filled with water almost up to the safety release valve (some models have an etched water level sign) and the funnel-shaped metal filter (B) is inserted. Italians generally do not preheat the water used, though established baristas such as James Hoffmann and Tristan Stephenson recommend using preheated water in the base. Simulations run by physicist Warren King also indicate that using cold water results in the coffee extracting at too low of a temperature, but that boiling water may result in the temperature being too high. King recommends a 70°C preheat for optimal results. Finely ground coffee is added to the filter as shown below. How tightly the coffee is packed impacts how quickly the coffee extracts. The pot is placed on a suitable heat source, so that the water is heated.
A gasket ensures a tightly closed unit and allows for pressure to safely build up in the lower section, where a safety valve provides a necessary release in case this pressure should get too high.
The heating of the boiler, A, leads to a gradual increase of the pressure due to both the expansion of the enclosed air and the raised vapor pressure of the increasingly heated water. When pressure becomes high enough to force the water up the funnel through the coffee grinds, coffee will begin to pour into the upper chamber (C). Boiling the water is not necessaryor even desirableto produce sufficient pressure to brew and extraction temperature is in general not greater than that of other brewing methods.
When the lower chamber is almost empty, bubbles of steam mix with the upstreaming water, producing a characteristic gurgling noise. Navarini et al. coin this the "strombolian" phase of brewing, which allows a mixture of highly heated steam and water to pass through the coffee, which leads to rapid overextraction and undesirable results; therefore, brewing should be stopped by removing the pot from the stove as soon as this stage is reached.
Counterintuitively, adding more water to the lower chamber will not allow more coffee to be extracted at the same temperature; in fact, adding water reduces the volume of air whose expansion forces the water of the boiler up in the funnel, so that in typical operating conditions the volume of coffee is proportional to the volume of air in the lower chamber. On the other hand, the volume of coffee obviously cannot be greater than the initial volume of water. The recommended "just under the safety valve" fill level thus produces near-maximum yield for any given final temperature.
Maintenance
Moka pots require periodic replacement of the rubber seal and the filters, and a check that the safety release valve is not blocked. When the rubber seal is new, it might alter the coffee taste, so a couple of "dry runs" can be made, without coffee or with used coffee grounds to "prime" it. It is an urban myth that leaving coffee stains in a moka pot is preferablethe rancid coffee should be scrubbed out of all parts of the pot. Moka pots are generally not dishwasher safe. Running the pot through the dishwasher generally results in corrosion and oxidation of the protective oxidized layer of aluminium, leaving freshly exposed aluminium to react with the air, creating a dirty, reactive, and blackened surface. Additionally, while not producing unsafe levels, brewing with the pot after dishwasher usage results in a larger aluminium content leaching into the coffee. It is recommended to use a mild detergent.
Moka pot dimensions
The moka pot comes in various sizes based on the number of espresso cups they produce. The following table are the standard sizes for the Bialetti Moka Express.
Moka coffee characteristics
The flavor of moka pot coffee depends greatly on bean variety, roast level, fineness of grind, water profile, and the level of heat used.
Moka pots are sometimes referred to as stove-top espresso makers and produce coffee with an extraction ratio slightly higher than that of a conventional espresso machine.
However, a typical moka coffee is extracted at relatively low pressures of , while standards for espresso coffee specify a pressure of . Therefore, moka coffee is not considered to be an espresso and has different flavor characteristics.
Variations and brands
There are a few companies that have introduced variations to the Moka pot design. One such design has incorporated a weighted valve as a pressure regulator on top of the nozzle that allows pressure to build up inside the water tank in a manner similar to a pressure cooker. As pressure builds up more quickly in this method (since there is much less leakage of vapour) compared to the standard moka pot, it reaches the level required for water to rise through the ground coffee in a shorter time. However, the weighted valve allows pressure to accumulate and temperature to rise somewhat further before the liquid bursts through the nozzle. The result is coffee brewed at a higher pressure and temperature than the standard pot, making it more similar to espresso and therefore with more visible crema.
Another variation allows for milk to be frothed and mixed with the coffee during brewing.
See also
Coffee percolator
Coffeemaker
Neapolitan flip coffee pot
Notes
References
External links
Italian brands
Italian inventions
Coffee preparation
Bialetti
Coffee in Italy
The Moscow Conference of Foreign Ministers, also known as the Interim Meeting of Foreign Ministers, was the meeting of the foreign ministers of the United States, represented by James F. Byrnes, the United Kingdom, represented by Ernest Bevin, and the Soviet Union, represented by Vyacheslav Molotov. The meeting was held in Moscow from 16 to 26 December 1945 to discuss the problems of occupation, establishing peace, and other Far Eastern issues. The conference followed Allied World War II conferences including those at Cairo, Yalta and Potsdam. The communiqué, issued after the conference on December 27, 1945, contained a joint declaration that covered a number of issues resulting from the end of World War II.
Articles
The result of the conference was the Soviet-Anglo-American Communiqué, which had the following articles:
Preparation of peace treaties with Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary and Finland.
Far Eastern Commission and Allied Council for Japan.
Far Eastern Commission
Allied Council for Japan
Korea
China
Romania
Bulgaria
The establishment by the United Nations of a commission for the control of atomic energy
Aftermath
The Moscow Conference could be seen as a victory for the Soviet Union. The conference was proposed by Byrnes, without an invitation offered to France or China and without first consulting with the United Kingdom. This was aligned with the goal the Soviet Union had previously wanted - that France and China would be excluded from peace settlements regarding the minor axis powers in Europe - and created a rift between the United Kingdom and United States. The conference also recognised the pro-Soviet governments in Romania and Bulgaria, granted the Soviet Union a role in post-war Japan, established international control of atomic energy, and achieved an agreement on a trusteeship in Korea - all were viewed as successes by the Soviet Union. Veteran American diplomat George F. Kennan, who was then serving in the US embassy in Moscow, observed the proceedings first hand, and wrote in his diary on US Secretary of State Byrnes: "The realities behind this agreement, since they concern only such people as Koreans, Rumanians, and Iranians, about whom he knows nothing, do not concern him. He wants an agreement for its political effect at home. The Russians know this. They will see that for this superficial success he pays a heavy price in the things that are real."
Writing in 1947, the London Economist argued that the Moscow Conference "ended the phase of post-war in which the victors clung to the belief that they could work out agreed policies... Willy-nilly, world politics moves back towards the balance of power, and issues now tend to be determined by the relative strength or influence of the two groups."
Europe
The 1947 Paris Peace Treaties were the final peace settlement for Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland.
Japan
The Moscow Conference established the Far Eastern Commission, based in Washington, D.C., which would oversee the Allied Council for Japan, replacing the Far Eastern Advisory Commission. The arrangement, which gave the United States a dominant position in Japan, was a mirror image to the situation in Hungary, Bulgaria, and Romania, where the Soviet Union was dominant. Both the far Eastern Commission and the Allied Council for Japan were dissolved following the Treaty of San Francisco in 1951.
Korea
On December 25 1945, prior to the announcement of the final decision of the conference, the United Press reported that "Secretary of State Byrnes went to Russia reportedly with instructions to urge immediate independence as opposed to the Russian thesis of trusteeship." Domestic media adopted the story on December 27. The communiqué was officially announced in Korea on December 28.
The section on Korea consisted of four paragraphs. The third paragraph called for the establishment of a Joint Commission, under the control of a consortium of the United States, Soviet Union, United Kingdom, and China, including the decision that a four-power trusteeship of up to five years would be needed before Korea attained independence. Both the political left and political right of Korea opposed this trusteeship plan, with it being suggested that such a plan made Korea a vassal of the four powers.
Protests against the trusteeship plan, which had also occurred on December 27, intensified on December 28. On the right, these protests were led by Kim Gu. On December 29, at Gyeonggyojang, a 76 member committee to oppose the trusteeship plan was formed, which included left wing leaders such as Pak Hon-yong of the Communist Party of Korea. Protests, leafletting, and discourse in the media continued the next few days. However, on January 3 1946, the Communist Party reversed its position and issued a statement supporting the conference communiqué. This shift was not well received by the public. The shift coincides with the arrival of Soviet general Andrei Alekseevich Romanenko to Pyongyang on December 30, lending credence to the theory that the shift was due to a Soviet directive. The shift of the left away from the anti-trusteeship movement led to intensified confrontation between the left and right.
By 23 January, unrest against the trusteeship plan had quietened somewhat, and right wing political groups stopped advocating for violence and for non-cooperation against military government. The Joint Commission convened throughout 1946 and 1947, but it was increasingly obstructed, mostly by the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union increased its military build-up in what would become North Korea and prevented the 1948 United Nations supervised election from occurring in the north. The failure of the Moscow Conference to peacefully settle the issue of Korea ultimately led to the Korea War in 1950.
The anti-trusteeship victory protests are celebrated in South Korea annually on December 28.
Atomic energy
The United Nations Atomic Energy Commission was founded on 24 January 1946 by the very first resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Outstanding issues
The conference did not address outstanding issues regarding Iran, Spain, Greece, Libya, or the Dardanelles. The Soviet Union was unwilling to withdraw from Iran, citing the Russo-Persian Treaty of Friendship and claiming their presence was legal to protect Baku. As a counter to Anglo-American demands for their withdrawal from Iran, the Soviet Union pressed for British withdrawal from Greece. Reiterating their position previously voiced at the Potsdam and London conferences, the Soviet Union once again made demands for a military base in the Dardanelles.
See also
Council of Foreign Ministers
Moscow Conference (disambiguation)
Potsdam Conference and the Potsdam Agreement of which the first article was the "establishment of a Council of Foreign Ministers to do the necessary preparatory work for the peace settlements".
Footnotes
External links
Report of the Meeting of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the United States of America, the United Kingdom
Aftermath of World War II
1945 in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union–United States diplomatic conferences
United Kingdom–United States relations
Soviet Union–United Kingdom relations
Diplomatic conferences in the Soviet Union
1945 in international relations
Allied occupation of Korea
1945 conferences
1945 in Moscow
The women's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2010 Asian Games was held at the Aoti Main Stadium, Guangzhou, China on 21 November 2010.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
The Jewish cemetery of Khotyn, Ukraine.
Background
The city of Khotyn is located in the Chernivtsi oblast of Ukraine. According to the Encyclopedia of Ukraine, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the town was almost entirely Jewish or Russian. This created a uniformity of culture that endured throughout the different occupations of Khotyn (Bessarabia in the late 1800s, Austria during the 1910s, the Soviet Army in June 1940, Romania in 1941, and the USSR in 1944). The town in 1930 was composed of 38% Jews, and roughly the same percentage of Russians, Romanians and Ukrainians. However, after the 2nd World War, the Jewish percentage of the population fell to 8%. The current Jewish population of Khotyn is small; residents estimate the community at 10 people, and the U.S. Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad estimates the population at 11-100.
The cemetery
The US Government organisation "Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad," cited above, provides an excellent reference for the Jewish cemeteries of Ukraine. The International Jewish Cemetery Project cites this source for its information. The document includes the following information about Khotyn:
KHOTIN:US Commission No. UA25060101
The last known Hasidic burial was 1990. No other towns or villages used this unlandmarked cemetery. The isolated suburban flat land has no sign or marker. Reached by turning directly off a public road, access is open to all. A broken masonry wall with no gate surrounds site. 501 to 5000 stones, most in original location with less than 25% of surviving stones toppled or broken, date from 19th to 20th century. Location of any removed tombstones is unknown. Some tombstones have traces of painting on their surfaces, portraits on stones, and/or metal fences around graves. The cemetery contains no known mass graves. The municipality owns the site used for Jewish cemetery only. Adjacent properties are agricultural. The cemetery boundaries are unchanged since 1939. Rarely, Jews or non-Jews visit. The cemetery was not vandalized in the last ten years. Local/municipal authorities cleared vegetation. Now, occasionally, individuals clean or clear. Within the limits of the cemetery are no structures. Vegetation overgrowth is a constant problem, disturbing graves. Water drainage at the cemetery is a seasonal problem. Serious threat: vegetation. Moderate threat: uncontrolled access, weather erosion and pollution. Slight threat: vandalism, and existing nearby development and proposed nearby development.
The cemetery can be reached easily by taxi from the Bus Station. The report suggests that the cemetery contains no mass graves; in fact, the location includes a monument to those Jewish citizens killed in the 1941 occupation.
See also
Khotyn
Chernivtsi
Jewish cemetery in Chernivtsi
References
Further reading
External links
Khotyn, Ukraine – JewishGen Locality Page
Khotyn, Ukraine at IAJGS International Jewish Cemetery Project
Khotyn
History of Chernivtsi Oblast
Khotyn
Scopula nemorivagata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Ethiopia, Nigeria and South Africa.
References
Moths described in 1863
nemorivagata
Insects of Ethiopia
Moths of Africa
Die Kandidaat is a 1968 South African drama film directed by Jans Rautenbach and starring Gert Van den Bergh, Marie Du Toit and Regardt van den Bergh. The film was regarded as critical of the apartheid system, and it faced some censorship from the authorities.
Cast
Bernadette Da Silva - Jackie Smith
Hermien Dommisse - Anna Volschenk
Marie Du Toit - Paula Neethling
Roelf Jacobs - Jan Le Roux
Don Leonard - Krisjan
Jacques Loots - Reverend Peroldt
Cobus Rossouw - Anton Du Toit
Gert Van den Bergh - Lourens Niemandt
Regardt van den Bergh - Kallie
References
Bibliography
Tomaselli, Keyan. The cinema of apartheid: race and class in South African film. Routledge, 1989.
External links
Apartheid films
1968 films
1968 drama films
Afrikaans-language films
Films directed by Jans Rautenbach
South African drama films
Samuel Langford (1863 - 8 May 1927) was an influential English music critic of the early twentieth century.
Trained as a pianist, Langford became chief music critic of The Manchester Guardian in 1906, serving in that post until his death. As chief critic, he succeeded Ernest Newman and preceded Neville Cardus.
Biography
Early years
Langford was born to an old Lancashire family in Withington, near Manchester, where his father was a market gardener. By the age of twenty Langford was an accomplished pianist and church organist, and was sent to study in Leipzig with Carl Reinecke. Recognising that his short hands were unsuited to virtuoso pianism, Langford returned to Manchester, where he was engaged by The Manchester Guardian as deputy to Ernest Newman, whom he succeeded as chief music critic in 1906.
Manchester Guardian
The rest of Langford's career was spent in this post, based in Manchester, although he sometimes travelled to London to hear a new work in which he was interested, and he never missed the big music festivals. Manchester was, in the early years of the twentieth century, an important musical city, with Hans Richter and the Hallé Orchestra at its centre. Neville Cardus said of him:
The critic C. A. Lejeune wrote of him, "He was a musical perfectionist and great local character. His hobby was the cultivation of delphiniums ... His Lancashire accent was as rich as a fine, fruity Eccles cake. His formal clothes were very dark, and his aggressive beard was very white."
As a trained concert pianist Langford retained a special fondness for the music of Chopin, he particularly enjoyed Lieder by Schubert, Brahms and Wolf, and among his other loves were Mozart and Wagner. The Musical Times quoted with approval the comment of an obituarist:
Langford's music sympathies were broad. His colleagues observed, "A Gilbert and Sullivan opera, a newcomer making his first appearance … or an open rehearsal by students would set his musical imagination going … and he would clothe his thoughts about them in phrases so apt and spontaneous that sometimes it gave one a thrill to read them." Newman offended some of Langford's admirers by expressing the view that Langford was not really a music critic but rather "an unusually attractive writer whose chief concern happened to be music", but Newman nevertheless considered that at his best Langford "wrote in a way that is without parallel in the criticism of this or any other time".
Like his editor, C. P. Scott, Langford encouraged the young Cardus, who succeeded him as chief music critic. One of Cardus's first acts in his new post was to edit a collection of his predecessor's writings, published in 1929.
Langford married Leslie Doig in 1913. There was one daughter of the marriage, Brenda, born in 1918, later, as Brenda Milner, professor of neuropsychology at the Montreal Neurological Institute. Langford died after a serious illness at the family home in Withington, aged 65.
Notes
Sources
Langford
Langford
English music critics
People from Withington
The Guardian journalists
Samira Makhmalbaf (, Samira Makhmalbaaf) (born 15 February 1980) is an Iranian filmmaker and screenwriter. She is the daughter of Mohsen Makhmalbaf, the film director and writer. Samira Makhmalbaf is considered to be part of the Iranian New Wave.
Early life
Samira Makhmalbaf was born 15 February 1980 in Tehran to filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaf. As a child, she joined her father on his film sets and watched him edit afterwards. In her official biography, Makhmalbaf stated that her first taste for cinema came as a 7 year old, when she played a role in her father's film The Cyclist in 1987. Makhmalbaf left high school when she was 14 years old to study cinema in the Makhmalbaf Film House for five years. At the age of 20, she studied Psychology and Law at Roehampton University in London.
Career
At the age of 17, after directing two video productions Makhmalbaf went on to direct her first feature film, La Pomme (The Apple). She presented La Pomme at Cannes Film Festival. In an interview at the London Film Festival in 1998, Samira Makhmalbaf stated that she felt that The Apple owed its existence to the new circumstances and changed atmosphere that prevailed in Iran as a result of the Khatami presidency. The Apple was invited to more than 100 international film festivals in a period of two years, while going to the screen in more than 30 countries. In 2000 she was a member of the jury at the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
Samira Makhmalbaf has been the winner and nominee of numerous awards. She was nominated twice for Golden Palm of Cannes Film Festival for Takhté siah (Blackboards) (2001) and Panj é asr (At Five in the Afternoon) (2003). She won Prix du Jury of Cannes, for both films in 2001 and 2003 respectively. Samira Mohmalbaf also won the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival for The Apple in 1998 and the UNESCO Award at the Venice Film Festival in 2002 for 11'09"01 September 11. In 2003, a panel of critics at the British newspaper The Guardian named Makhmalbaf among the best 40 best directors at work today.
During the production of Asbe du-pa (Two Legged Horse), Makhmalbaf along with her cast and crew suffered an attack while filming in Afghanistan. Production came to a halt when a man who infiltrated the set as an extra tossed a hand grenade from the rooftop of a local bazaar. The attack severely injured six cast members and killed a horse. In an interview Makhmalbaf stated, "I saw little boys falling to the ground and the whole street was full of blood... My first thought was that I wouldn't see my father anymore." Determined to carry on, Makhmalbaf completed her film and held the initial release in 2008 in France.
After the completion of Asbe du-pa, Makhmalbaf earned nominations at various international film festivals. Ultimately winning awards at Ghent International Film Festival, San Sebastián International Film Festival, and Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival.
Style and themes
Makhmalbaf's films followed applied the doc-fiction hybrid aesthetic of her father's earlier work. Employing non-professional actors and a street-level realism. Her films have been known to follow a theme of progress and change. Makhmalbaf's films have been known to follow a theme of progress and change. As reflected in her style, she strives to portray political real-world purpose, fully committed to exposing issues such as poverty. Also tackling topics such as women's rights and education in her 2003 film, Panj é asr (At Five in The Afternoon). Centering around a young woman in Afghanistan who sets out to pursue a more open minded education at a non-religious school.
In an interview with Indiewire she is asked about the relationship between metaphor and reality in her film Blackboards. She says, "The first image of the film starts with a very surreal image, but as you go into the film, you can feel the reality of being a fugitive. And I love this image very much and I think it can carry different meanings. It can express social, philosophic, and poetical meaning -- so many metaphors, and yet also, you can go into their reality. The idea for the film came out of my father's mind when I was looking for a subject to do for my next film. He gave me three or four pages and then it was time for me to imagine it. But I couldn't simply imagine it. How can I sit here in Cannes and think of people living in Kurdistan? So I had to go in it and be involved in it. So I cast the actors and found my locations, and at the same time, I let the reality of the situation come in. I don't want to kill the subject and put it in front of the camera and just shoot it as a dead subject. I let the reality come into imagination. I believe that metaphors are born from the imagination of the artist and the reality of life making love to each other. An example: Imagine more than a hundred old men want to go back to their country. This is imagination and reality. It's reality because there are some older generations that want to go back to their country to die. This is real. But just being old men is imagination. Or just being one woman is imagination. Or carrying these white boards is a combination of reality and imagination. Because maybe it's possible, if you're a refugee, if you're a teacher, what can you do except carry your blackboard and look for students? They are like street vendors, shouting, "Come, try to learn something!" In such a dire situation, everyone is poor, so nobody can learn anything. It is imagination, but it could exist."
Personal life
Mohsen Makhmalbaf married Fatemeh Meshkini, who gave birth to their three children – Samira (or Zeynab, born in 1980), Meysam (or Ayyoub, born in 1981), and Hana (or Khatereh, born in 1988).
Mohsen Makhmalbaf says in an interview, "When I left the political organizations and moved into radio, Fatemeh came with me. I wrote programming and she became an announcer. When Samira was born, we'd take her with us to the radio station. We worked and she was always with one of us." Fatemeh Meshkini died in an accident in 1982. Mohsen Makhmalbaf subsequently married Fatemeh Meshkini's sister, Marziyeh Meshkini.
Samira Makhmalbaf has been a great activist for women's rights almost all her life. In an interview with The Guardian she says, "We have a lot of limitations, from all the written and unwritten law. But, still, I hope and I believe that it will get better. It has started with the democracy movement. But some things don't happen consciously. I wanted to make films, I made films to say something else, but in a way I became a kind of example. It was breaking some kind of cliche. Another new way of thinking started. Yes, we have a lot of limitations, but these limitations made a lot of strong, different kinds of women in Iran who, if they find a chance to express themselves, I'm sure have plenty of things to say. They may have found a deeper way through all these limitations." In the same interview she talks about politics and says, "Even if I made that kind of direct movie talking about politics, it's nothing. Nothing, because it's just talking like a journalist. You are saying something superficial. The movies I make are deeper. This kind of work can live more, longer, deeper, compared to that kind of journalistic work."
At Five in the Afternoon is the first feature film to be made in a post-Taliban environment. She talks about her film to the BBC, "I wanted to show reality, not the cliches on television saying that the US went to Afghanistan and rescued the people from the Taliban, that the US did a Rambo," said Makhmalbaf. "Though the Taliban have gone, their ideas are anchored in peoples' minds, in their traditions and culture, there is still a big difference between men and women in Afghanistan."
In an interview with the BBC she talks about the difficulties that women directors face in Iran. "Traditionally, it is in the minds of everybody that a woman cannot be a filmmaker. It is therefore very much harder for a woman. Also, when you live in this kind of situation there is a danger that you can start to develop a similar mind-set and so the thing is to challenge this situation, and then slowly the situation will change also in the minds of others. I very much hope that in the advent of freedom and democracy Iran can produce many more women directors."
Filmography
Awards and nominations
"Sutherland Trophy", London Film Festival (1998), UK.
"Special Mention, Official Jury", Locarno Film Festival (1996), Switzerland.
"Special mention, FIBRESCI jury", Locarno Film Festival (1998), Switzerland.
"Jury's Special prize", Thessalonica Film Festival (1998), Greece.
"Jury's Special prize", São Paulo Film Festival (1998), Brazil.
"Jury's Special prize", Independent cinema Festival (1999), Argentina.
"Critic's prize", Independent cinema Festival (1999).Argentina.
"Audience's prize", Independent cinema Festival (1999).Argentina.
"Jury Special award"Official Competition section of the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, France.
"Federico Fellini Medal", UNESCO, Paris, (2000).
"François Truffaut prize", Giffoni Film Festival in Italy (2000).
"Giffoni's Mayor Prize ", Giffoni Film Festival, Italy, (2000).
"Special cultural Prize", UNESCO, Paris, (2000).
"The grand Jury prize", American Film Institute, U.S., (2000).
"Jury Special award", Official Competition section of Cannes Film Festival 2003, France.
Prize of the Ecumenical Jury, Cannes 2003, France.
Golden Peacock, competition (first prize) for Best film at the 34th International Film Festival of India 2003, India.
The "Youths' Cinema" Award in Singapore's 17th International Silver Screen Film Festival (2004).
Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival 2008.
"The Special Jury Prize", San Sebastian Film Festival (2008).
Nuremberg International Human Rights Film Festival 2009.
References
Further reading
Persian cinema
Women's cinema
Iranian women
List of famous Persian women
Persian women's movement
Abecassis, Michaël. British Journal of Middle Eastern Studies 34, no. 3 (2007): 414-15.
Chamarette, Jenny. "The "New" Experimentalism?: Women In/And/On Film." In Feminisms: Diversity, Difference and Multiplicity in Contemporary Film Cultures, edited by Mulvey Laura and Rogers Anna Backman, 125-40. Amsterdam University Press, 2015.
Combs, Richard. "Film Comment." Film Comment, vol. 38, no. 5, 2002, pp. 74–76.
Johnson, William. Film Quarterly 53, no. 2 (1999): 47-49. doi:10.2307/1213721.
Merás, Lidia. "PROFESSION: DOCUMENTARIST: UNDERGROUND DOCUMENTARY MAKING IN IRAN." In Female Agency and Documentary Strategies: Subjectivities, Identity and Activism, edited by Ulfsdotter Boel and Rogers Anna Backman, 170-83. Edinburgh: Edinburgh University Press, 2018.
External links
http://www.makhmalbaf.com – Official homepage of the Makhmalbaf family of film-makers
http://www.makhmalbaf.com/?q=samira
Iranian women film directors
Iranian film directors
Iranian screenwriters
Persian-language film directors
Fellini Gold Medalists
1980 births
Living people
Grevillea rogersoniana, commonly known as the Rogersons' grevillea, is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to a small area on the coast in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
The erect, multi-stemmed, non-lignotuberous shrub typically grows to a height of and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple flat spathulate leaves with a blade that is long and wide. It blooms from August to October and produces a terminal raceme irregular inflorescence with pink or brown flowers and pink styles. Later it forms warty ellipsoidal glabrous fruit that is long.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
rogersoniana
Proteales of Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
The 12 Cellists of the Berlin Philharmonic (German: ) are an all-cello ensemble featuring the cellists of the Berlin Philharmonic.
Current members
The group consists of the fourteen cellists of the Berlin Philharmonic, with twelve performing at any given time.
Bruno Delepelaire, principal
Martin Löhr, principal
Olaf Maninger, principal
Ludwig Quandt, principal
Richard Duven
Rachel Helleur
Christoph Igelbrink
Solène Kermarrec
Stephan Koncz
Martin Menking
David Riniker
Nikolaus Römisch
Dietmar Schwalke
Knut Weber
Recordings
South American Getaway (CD, EMI 2000)
Round Midnight (CD, EMI 2002)
As time goes by (CD, EMI 2004)
Angel Dances (CD, EMI 2006)
Fleur de Paris (CD, EMI 2010)
Die 12 Cellisten: Anniversary concert 40 years & documentary film (DVD, Euroarts 2012)
Hora Cero (CD, Sony CLASSICAL 2016)
References
External links
Official website
Berlin Philharmonic page about the group
Musical groups from Berlin
German classical cellists
Berlin Philharmonic
Musical groups established in 1972
Chamber music groups
1972 establishments in Germany
Arthur Wood (7 July 1937 – 3 November 2006) was a British blues, pop and rock singer, who led The Artwoods in the 1960s and subsequently became a graphic artist. He was the brother of Ronnie Wood of The Rolling Stones.
Life
Born in 1937, Art Wood grew up in the village of Yiewsley, Middlesex. In 1950 he enrolled at the Ealing School of Art where he developed his musical interests, as well as taking a keen interest in graphic design and fine art. In 1955 he started two years of National Service; he was posted to Devizes, Wiltshire, where he formed a skiffle group. In 1958, after he had returned to London, he formed his own R&B group, the Art Wood Combo, playing versions of songs by Chuck Berry, Fats Domino and others.
By 1962, he was one of several singers regularly featured with Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated, which also included Charlie Watts and Cyril Davies. However, as that group firmed up its line-up with Long John Baldry as the main lead singer, Wood formed his own group, which he now called The Artwoods. The group included organist Jon Lord (who would go on to form Deep Purple) and drummer Keef Hartley.
The Artwoods failed to make a major commercial breakthrough, and split up in 1967. In 1969 Wood formed the short-lived group Quiet Melon, with his brother Ronnie, Rod Stewart, Ronnie Lane, Kenney Jones, Ian McLagan and Kim Gardner. They recorded four songs and delivered the tapes to Fontana Records, who turned them down and cancelled Wood's contract. He then semi-retired from the music business; Gardner later went on to form Ashton, Gardner & Dyke; and the other members of the group carried on to become The Faces.
Wood joined his other brother Ted in setting up a graphic design business and continued to perform on a semi-professional basis with the Downliners Sect, the Carlo Little All-Stars, and reunited versions of the Artwoods, with occasional guest appearances by his brother Ronnie.
Wood died in London from prostate cancer on 3 November 2006, aged 69.
He is buried in Teddington Cemetery, Shacklegate Lane, Teddington, Middlesex.
References
1937 births
2006 deaths
People from West Drayton
British rhythm and blues boom musicians
Beat musicians
Deaths from prostate cancer
English rhythm and blues singers
English male singers
Deaths from cancer in England
English pop singers
Blues Incorporated members
The Artwoods members
All-Stars (band) members
20th-century British male singers
In the Middle Ages, hierocracy or papalism was a current of Latin legal and political thought that argued that the pope held supreme authority over not just spiritual, but also temporal affairs. In its full, late medieval form, hierocratic theory posited that since Christ was lord of the universe and both king and priest, and the pope was his earthly vicar, the pope must also possess both spiritual and temporal authority over everybody in the world. Papalist writers at the turn of the 14th century such as Augustinus Triumphus and Giles of Rome depicted secular government as a product of human sinfulness that originated, by necessity, in tyrannical usurpation, and could be redeemed only by submission to the superior spiritual sovereignty of the pope. At the head of the Catholic Church, responsible to no other jurisdiction except God, the pope, they argued, was the monarch of a universal kingdom whose power extended to Christians and non-Christians alike.
The hierocrats limited their extensive conception of the pope's authority by acknowledging that the day-to-day exercise of temporal power belonged, in general, to secular princes, albeit under the guidance of the pope. Hierocracy was criticised at the time from a pro-royal perspective by John of Paris, in defence of the universal monarchy of the Holy Roman emperor by Dante Alighieri, and by critics of papal supremacy over the Catholic Church itself such as Marsilius of Padua. Though hierocracy continued to influence papal policy until the time of the Reformation, by the 17th century the doctrine was generally rejected by Catholic theologians.
History
Medieval hierocratic theory originated with the Gregorian Reform of the mid-11th century. Since the pontificate of Gregory I at the start of the 7th century, successive popes had rarely felt the need to assert the principle of papal primacy explicitly. The growing frequency of papal intervention in church government incentivised medieval canonists to clarify the relationship between the pope and the bishops, and by the 11th century this articulation of papal primacy had begun to extend to the pope's authority in the secular sphere as well. In his 1075 Dictatus papae, Pope Gregory VII gave the principle a detailed legal form that sought to translate the abstract theory of primacy into concrete government policy. Once the pope's internal monarchy within the church itself had been firmly established under Pope Innocent III at the beginning of the 13th century, the canonists could direct their attention further towards temporal affairs.
The mid-13th century elaboration by the canonist Hostiensis of the pope's , "plenitude of power", was an important milestone in the development of hierocratic theory. Hostiensis noted the traditional Christian argument that all political power derived from God, but argued that the pope had a special status: as God's vicar, the pope, when he exercised his office and did not sin, acted as God. The pope's power was "miraculous"; he could issue dispensations at will from any positive law, rendering bastards legitimate, for example, and restoring the reputation of the infamous. Pope Innocent IV, who reigned from 1243 to 1254, gave papal policy an increasingly hierocratic direction by asserting that the pope had the right to elect a monarch himself if any Christian kingdom should fall vacant.
Hierocratic ideas developed further at the time of the struggle between Pope Boniface VIII and Philip IV of France, and received their ultimate official formulation in Boniface's 1302 bull Unam sanctam, which pronounced that the "spiritual power has to institute the earthly power and judge it" and that "it is entirely necessary for salvation that every human creature be subject to the Roman pontiff". Elaborate expositions of the hierocratic theory were composed at around the same time, such as Giles of Rome's ("On Ecclesiastical Power") in 1301 and James of Viterbo's ("On Christian Government") in 1302. Boniface's eventual defeat dealt a blow to hierocratic aspirations from which they would not recover; nonetheless, hierocratic theory continued to influence the papacy well into the 16th century, as shown by the Fifth Lateran Council's republishing of Unam sanctam shortly before the Reformation and Pope Pius V's attempt to depose Elizabeth I of England in his 1570 bull Regnans in excelsis.
Despite their sweeping conception of the authority of the papal office, the hierocratic theorists did not believe that the pope should, in the ordinary course of events, directly exercise temporal power himself. Though inferior to the pope, they held that the office of the secular prince was nonetheless ordained by God, and the pope's temporal authority was to be exercised indirectly through his guidance and direction of princes. The hierocratic canonist Augustinus Triumphus, in his 1326 ("Summary Account of Ecclesiastical Power"), argued that the pope had universal jurisdiction in both temporal and spiritual matters across the whole world (), but his immediate temporal administration extended only to the lands then believed to have been granted to him by the Donation of Constantine. Originally this was the Western Roman Empire, but when later monarchs arose and unjustly carved out territories for themselves, the pope had chosen to suffer their claims to sovereignty to avoid schism among the faithful, and subsequently limited his administration in practice to Italy—without, however, renouncing any rights.
Critiques
Medieval opposition to hierocracy, insisting on a clear separation of temporal and spiritual power, is often termed "dualism": in practice hierocratic and dualist positions often overlapped, with hierocrats acknowledging the distinct authority of secular princes while dualists accepted the pope's overall leadership of the Christian community.
Hierocracy was critiqued by other medieval writers on a number of fronts. Writing in the context of the dispute between Boniface and Philip of France, John of Paris argued in his 1303 ("On Royal and Papal Power") that Christ's kingship was not of this world, and could not be interpreted as temporal jurisdiction. Moreover, while spiritual authority was united in the church and its steward the pope, political authority was naturally plural. In his , composed roughly around 1310, Dante Alighieri adopted a different line of attack, defending the universal authority of the Holy Roman emperor: it was against nature for the church to exercise temporal power, but also for political authority to be divided. Marsilius of Padua, in his 1324 ("The Defender of the Peace"), rejected the entire basis of the papacy as a divinely sanctioned office, arguing that it was a political office like any other and that the pope's illegitimate claims to universal authority were a cause of civil discord.
Hierocratic arguments were discredited in later Catholic theology. Cardinal Robert Bellarmine attacked the hierocratic conception in his 1610 work ("On the Power of the Supreme Pontiff") on the basis that the pope's duties descended from Christ as a mortal man, not as God, and the Jesuit theologian Francisco Suárez argued around the same time that the pope could not infringe, even in extraordinary cases, on the supremacy of secular sovereigns in worldly affairs. Hierocracy had very few notable supporters by the early 17th century, and these critiques were concerned less with refuting it as a live position than with reassuring secular rulers that Catholicism would not undermine their authority.
See also
Decretalist
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Sun and Moon allegory
Alvarus Pelagius
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Catholicism in the Middle Ages
History of the papacy
Medieval philosophy
Papal primacy
Catholicism and politics
Canon law history
The Nueva Ecija Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Nueva Ecija.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into four districts, the first and fourth districts sending three members each, while the second and third districts sending two members each to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Nueva Ecija.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Nueva Ecija's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Anthony Umali (Unang Sigaw)
References
Politics of Nueva Ecija
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Abraham Lissauer (29 August 1832 – 29 September 1908) was a German physician and archaeologist born in Berent, West Prussia (today- Kościerzyna, Poland). He was the father of neurologist Heinrich Lissauer (1861–1891).
He studied at the Universities of Berlin and Vienna, gaining his medical doctorate in 1856. From 1856 to 1863 he practiced medicine in Lautenburg and Neidenburg, and afterwards was a physician in Danzig. During his spare time he performed research in the fields of anthropology, ethnography and archaeology.
In 1892 he relocated to Berlin, where he dedicated his time entirely to scientific research. Here he became custodian and librarian of the Anthropological Society of Berlin. Among his publications are works on archaeology as well as medicine:
Zur Antipyretischen Behandlung des Typhus Abdominalis, in Virchow's Archiv, liii.
Ueber den Alkoholgehalt des Bieres, 1865
Ueber das Eindringen von Canalgasen in die Wohnräume, 1881
Untersuchungen über die Sagittale Krümmung des Schädels, 1885
Die Prähistorischen Denkmäler der Provinz West-Preussen, (Antiquities of the Bronze Age in the Province of West Prussia), 1887
Altertümer der Bronzezeit in der Provinz West-Preussen (Prehistoric monuments in the Province of West Prussia), 1891
References
Abraham Lissauer biography @ The Jewish Encyclopedia
19th-century German physicians
German archaeologists
People from Kościerzyna
People from the Province of Prussia
1832 births
1908 deaths
19th-century German Jews
Mount Franklin may refer to:
Antarctica
Mount Franklin (Antarctica)
Australia
Mount Franklin (Australian Capital Territory), on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales
Mount Franklin (Victoria)
New Zealand
Mount Franklin (Canterbury)
Mount Franklin (Southland)
Mount Franklin (Tasman)
Mount Franklin (West Coast)
United States
Mount Franklin (New Hampshire)
North Mount Franklin (Texas)
Other uses
Mount Franklin Water, a brand of mineral water owned by Coca-Cola Amatil
See also
Franklin Mountains State Park, Texas
Mount Frankland National Park, Western Australia
Eudoxe Marcille (20 April 1814, Chartres – 7 April 1890, Chécy) was a French painter, museum director, art school director and art collector. His father François Marcille (1790–1856) and his younger brother Camille Marcille (1816–1875) were also art collectors.
External links
Musee-orsay.fr
1814 births
1890 deaths
French art collectors
19th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French male artists
Love Their Country is the fifth studio album, and sixth overall by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes. It was released on October 17, 2006, by Fat Wreck Chords. The album consists of cover versions of country and western songs.
Prior to its release, a Fat Wreck Chords press release had stated that the album would range from "the Dixie Chicks to Garth [Brooks], Hank [Williams] Sr. to [Johnny] Cash." A cover of the "(Ghost) Riders in the Sky" was featured on iFloyd, a sampler released by Fat Wreck Chords.
Like their previous four albums, The Gimmes interpolate punk rock classics in their covers. Willie Nelson's "On the Road Again" uses the intro riff of "Astro Zombies" by The Misfits; "Sunday Morning Coming Down" adapts its arrangement from The Clash's rendition of "Police and Thieves"; "East Bound And Down" includes some of The Damned's "Love Song."
Track listing
Personnel
Spike Slawson - vocals
Chris Shiflett (a.k.a. Jake Jackson) - lead guitar
Joey Cape - rhythm guitar
Fat Mike - bass
Dave Raun - drums
Additional musicians
Brendan Allen - bagpipes on "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"
See also
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes discography
References
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes albums
2006 albums
Fat Wreck Chords albums
The National Democratic Alliance Army (NDAA) is an insurgent group in eastern Shan State, Myanmar (Burma). It is the armed wing of the Peace and Solidarity Committee (PSC).
History
The Mong La area had been under the control of several warlords since the 1960s. The NDAA was formed in 1989 after splitting from the former Communist Party of Burma (CPB). The strength of the army is 3,000 to 4,000 men.
The NDAA was one of the first groups to sign a ceasefire with the Tatmadaw (Myanmar Armed Forces). After the ceasefire, the area underwent an economic boom, and the NDAA had benefited financially from increased opium harvests and narcotics trafficking. The NDAA declared an opium ban in the Mong La region in 1997 and signed a new ceasefire with the Myanmar government in 2011.
The NDAA maintains close ties with other rebel armed groups that split from the CPB, such as the Myanmar Nationalities Democratic Alliance Army (MNDAA), the New Democratic Army - Kachin (NDA-K), and the United Wa State Army (UWSA). In 2008 the UWSA was strongly against giving away the area of Mong Pawk from its control because it serves as a link with its ally, the National Democratic Alliance Army in Mong La.
Notes
References
External links
Wa, Mongla rebels say Burmese army undermining peace process
Tensions Rise in Wa Region
Market Growth and Moral Decline in Mong La
Dirty Old Town
Rebel groups in Myanmar
Rebel groups that actively control territory
Paramilitary organisations based in Myanmar
1989 establishments in Myanmar
Butz Peters (born 22 January 1958 in Hanover) is a German television presenter and jurist who presented Aktenzeichen XY... ungelöst from 1997 to 2001. He is the author of four bestsellers (among others Tödlicher Irrtum – Die Geschichte der RAF, Fatal error – The History of the RAF), which mainly deal with the theme of left wing terrorism in post war Germany. From 1994 till 1996 he worked as screenwriter for the ARD gossip magazine Brisant, in 1993/1994 he was editor-in-chief of the radio station Antenne Sachsen.
Works
The last myth of the RAF: Who shot Wolfgang Grams? The disaster of Bad Kleinen (Der letzte Mythos der RAF: Wer erschoss Wolfgang Grams? Das Desaster von Bad Kleinen), Berlin 2006, .
Fatal error. The history of the RAF (Tödlicher Irrtum. Die Geschichte der RAF), Berlin 2004, .
Television and film production. Legal Guide (Fernseh- und Filmproduktion. Rechtshandbuch), Baden-Baden 2003,
Who's who in German law. Guide to the legal world (Who's who im deutschen Recht. Wegweiser durch die Juristenwelt), München 2003,
Media Law. The civil rights (Medienrecht. Die zivilrechtlichen Ansprüche), München 1999,
The gravy trains. Organised crime in the Federal Republic (Die Absahner. Organisierte Kriminalität in der Bundesrepublik), Hamburg 1994,
Handbook of the law on working time: The new Working Hours Act 1994 (Handbuch des Arbeitszeitrechts: Das neue Arbeitszeitgesetz 1994), Hannover 1994,
RAF. Terrorism in Germany (RAF. Terrorismus in Deutschland), Stuttgart 1991, .
The partnership mediation agreement (Der Partnerschaftsvermittlungsvertrag), Frankfurt am Main 1986,
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
German television personalities
Jurists from Hanover
Brett de Geus ( ; born November 4, 1997) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the York Revolution of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Texas Rangers and Arizona Diamondbacks.
Amateur career
de Geus attended Foothill High School in Pleasanton, California. He was not selected in the 2015 Major League Baseball draft, and thus enrolled at Cabrillo College in Aptos, California, where he played college baseball. As a freshman at Cabrillo in 2016, de Geus earned all-conference honors. As a sophomore in 2017, he went 9–3 with a 1.94 ERA over 16 games (14 starts).
Professional career
Los Angeles Dodgers organization
After the season, de Geus was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 33rd round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft.
de Geus signed with the Dodgers and made his professional debut in 2018 with the Ogden Raptors, going 4–5 with a 7.26 ERA over 15 games (14 starts). In 2019, he began the year with the Great Lakes Loons before being promoted to the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes in June. Over 39 relief appearances between the two clubs, he pitched to a 6–2 record with a 1.75 ERA, striking out 72 over innings. Following the season, he was selected to play in the Arizona Fall League, where he was named an All-Star.
de Geus was a non-roster invite to 2020 spring training. de Geus did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Texas Rangers
de Geus was selected by the Texas Rangers with the second pick in the 2020 Rule 5 draft. He made the Rangers' Opening Day roster in 2021. On April 1, 2021, de Geus made his major league debut, surrendering three earned runs in one inning pitched. de Geus was designated for assignment on June 23, 2021, after posting a 8.44 ERA over 19 games for Texas.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On June 25, 2021, de Geus was claimed off waivers by the Arizona Diamondbacks. Over 28 relief appearances with the Diamondbacks, he went 3-2 with a 6.56 ERA and 15 strikeouts. On November 26, 2021, de Geus was designated for assignment. He cleared waivers and was outrighted to Triple-A on November 30. On June 7, de Geus was released.
York Revolution
On June 22, 2022, de Geus signed with the York Revolution of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
See also
Rule 5 draft results
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
People from Pleasanton, California
Baseball players from California
Major League Baseball pitchers
Texas Rangers players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Cabrillo Seahawks baseball players
Ogden Raptors players
Great Lakes Loons players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Glendale Desert Dogs players
York Revolution players
The 1988 Paris–Tours was the 82nd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 9 October 1988. The race started in Chaville and finished in Tours. The race was won by Peter Pieters of the TVM team.
General classification
References
1988 in French sport
1988
We'll Live Till Monday (, translit. Dozhivyom do ponedelnika) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Golden Prize. The film is about the life of an ordinary Moscow school with all its joys, problems and difficult choices in their lives of students and teachers.
Plot
History teacher Ilya Melnikov is familiar with both doubts and feelings of dissatisfaction. Let him not always be right, but he fights, seeks, loves, overcomes difficulties and doubts.
Cast
Vyacheslav Tikhonov as Ilya Semyonovich Melnikov — History Teacher
Irina Pechernikova as Natalya Sergeevna Gorelova — English Language Teacher, former Melnikov's student
Nina Menshikova as Svetlana Mikhailovna — Russian Language and Literature Teacher
Mikhail Zimin as Nikolai Borisovich — School Principal
Nadir Malishevsky as TV Show Host
Dalvin Shcherbakov as Borya Rudnitsky, former Melnikov's student
Olga Zhiznyeva as Melnikov's Mother
Lyudmila Arkharova as Nadya Ogarysheva, pupil
Valeriy Zubarev as Genka Shestopal, pupil
Olga Ostroumova as Rita Cherkasova, pupil
Igor Starygin as Kostya Batishchev, pupil
Roza Grigoryeva as Sveta Demidova, pupil
Yuri Chernov as Syromyatnikov, pupil
Lyubov Sokolova as Levikova
Arkadi Listarov as Vova Levikov, pupil
Awards
Soviet Screen Magazine Best 1968 film
Golden Prize of 6th Moscow International Film Festival, 1969
USSR State Prize, 1970
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
Soviet drama films
Russian drama films
1960s Russian-language films
Films directed by Stanislav Rostotsky
Films set in schools
Films set in the Soviet Union
Films shot in Moscow
Gorky Film Studio films
Soviet teen films
Ariane 1 was the first rocket in the Ariane family of expendable launch systems. It was developed and operated by the European Space Agency (ESA), which had been formed in 1973, the same year that development of the launcher had commenced.
Ariane 1 was the first launcher to be developed with the primary purpose of sending commercial satellites into geosynchronous orbit. Crucially, it was designed with the ability of sending a pair of satellites into orbit on a single launcher, thus reducing costs. As the size of satellites grew, Ariane 1 quickly gave way to the more powerful Ariane 2 and Ariane 3 launchers, which were heavily based upon the original rocket. The Ariane 4 was the last rocket to heavily draw upon the Ariane 1, as the successor rocket Ariane 5 uses a far greater proportion of all-new elements.
Development
Origins
In 1975, eleven European countries decided to pursue joint collaboration in the field of space exploration and formed a new pan-national organisation to undertake this mission, the European Space Agency (ESA). For some time prior to the ESA's formation, France had been lobbying for the development of a new European expendable launch system to serve as a replacement for the Europa rocket; one proposed successor in the form of a refined Europa, referred to as the Europa IIIB, was studied but was found to be too ambitious and costly. As a result, the Europa IIIB proposal was scaled back and soon reemerged as the L3S. Multinational effort became a quick focus point for the L3S proposal; early on, emphasis was placed upon cooperation on the initiative between Germany and France, while increasing contribution from other countries also came into the picture over time.
In January 1973, Willy Brandt, the Chancellor of Germany, formally agreed to the L3S project following a series of personal approaches by Georges Pompidou, the President of France. On 21 September 1973, the legal agreement for the L3S, was signed. Under this agreement, the Europa III was formally cancelled, while the L3S would be developed as a multinational project. From the onset, the launcher was to be developed for the purpose of sending commercial satellites into geosynchronous orbit, unlike many other competing launchers, which had been typically developed for other purposes and subsequently adapted, such as ballistic missiles. Development of L3S was seen as a crucial test for the ESA, the fortunes of the former being viewed as being highly indicative for the future of the latter. According to author Brian Harvey, L3S was "one of the major European engineering projects in the last quarter of the century".
France was the largest stakeholder in the L3S programme; French aerospace manufacturer Aérospatiale served as the prime contractor and held responsibility for performing the integration of all sections of the vehicle, while French engine manufacturer Société Européenne de Propulsion (SEP) provided both the first and second stage engines (the third stage engines were produced by Air Liquide and German aerospace manufacturer MBB). Other major companies involved included the French electronics firm Matra, Swedish manufacturer Volvo, and German aircraft producer Dornier Flugzeugwerke. The United Kingdom, which held a stake of 2.47 per cent in the project, provided the guidance system, developed by Ferranti, and the central digital computer, from Marconi; British Aerospace had later involvement and workshare as well. Early on, it was felt that the L3S designation lacked public appeal; out of several alternative names, including Phoenix, Lyra, Ganymede and Vega, French minister of industrial and scientific development Jean Charbonnel chose the name Ariane for the new launcher.
Preparation
During mid-1974, work on the Ariane was temporarily suspended as a result of the substantial cost involved; several other French space projects have incurred delays or funding shortages due to the ongoing development, which had led to disruption and greater funding being made available by the French government to their national space agency, the Centre national d'études spatiales (CNES). Development of the third stage was a major focus point for the project - prior to Ariane, only the United States had ever flown a launcher that utilised hydrogen-powered upper stages. During 1977 and 1978, preparations and testing commenced in anticipation of the first Ariane launch; while some issues were encountered during ground tests and engine firings, these had resulted in no meaningful delays and these milestones had been successfully passed. The ESA decided that there should be a total of four development flights flown prior to initiating commercial operations; however, vacant space was made available to operators for these flights on the proviso that success was not guaranteed.
In order to accommodate Ariane launches, the Guiana Space Centre at Kourou, French Guiana received extensive modifications. The former Europa launch site was re-designated as ELA 1 (Ensemble de Lancement Ariane 1) and was rebuilt with a lowered base and elongated tower. While all Ariane launches would take place from French Guiana, rocket construction would be performed at Aérospatiale's facility in Les Mureaux, Paris. In order to deliver the rocket from the production facility to the launch site, each stage of the Ariane would be shipped on barges down the Seine to Le Havre, where they would be loaded onto an ocean-going vessel and be conveyed across the Atlantic Ocean to Kourou; a combination of roads and railways would transport the components inland to the space center itself. Once fully assembled, the rocket would be moved a short distance to the launch pad itself on a mobile rail-mounted platform and stored within a fully enclosed air conditioned service tower, where the payload would be installed and final checks performed under clean room conditions.
Prior to Ariane's first launch, there was some scepticism, much coming from American and British figures, that the endeavour was an expensive indulgence that could be unnecessary, and rendered uncompetitive, by the upcoming Space Shuttle, a partially reusable launch system that was then under development by NASA. By 1977, there had only been three initial customers lined up for Ariane; however, in December 1977, communications satellite operator Intelsat was persuaded to place an order for two Intelsat IVs to be launched using Ariane. This was considered a major coup for the programme as Intelsat was viewed as heavily committed to using the rival Space Shuttle launcher for a large number of its satellites at that point. One week later, ESA announced its commitment to a production run of 10 Ariane 1 launchers.
Maiden flight
There was considerable pressure for Ariane to perform its maiden flight prior to end of 1979. It was decided that Ariane should launch on 15 December 1979 and, 38 hours prior the launch, the countdown was initiated; however, a technical issue was encountered in the final hour which led to an abort. Despite fears that the launch would have to be delayed for a month, it was decided to resume the countdown for a second attempt. However, upon the countdown reaching zero, three seconds following engine ignition, the onboard computer decided to cut engine power due to erroneous sensor information indicating that engine pressure had been falling. Another attempt was quickly scheduled for 24 December 1979; this time, the launch was successfully executed and the first Ariane flight was performed, the firing button having been personally pressed by French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.
For the first flight, designated as L-O1 (Lancement [Launch] 01), the payload consisted of an Aeritalia-built test instrumentation system, known as CAT (Capsule Ariane Technologique), for the purpose of measuring all key stages of the ascent in great detail, such as noise, stress, acceleration, temperature, and pressure; this unit was also designed to simulate a real satellite payload. CAT was successfully placed into an orbit of ; the successful deployment of this payload indicated the end of the American monopoly on commercial satellite launches. On 26 March 1980, almost immediately after the success of LO-1, CNES and ESA created a new company for the purpose of promoting, marketing, and managing Ariane operations, choosing to name the venture Arianespace.
Design
With lift-off mass of , Ariane 1 was able to put in geostationary transfer orbit one satellite or two smaller of a maximal weight of . The cost of program is estimated at 2 billion euros.
The Ariane 1 was a four-stage vehicle (fourth stage put satellite from GTO to GEO is usually not counted as part of rocket, because it is included in 1,850 kg of payload). The first stage was equipped with 4 Viking engines developed by the Société Européenne de Propulsion. The second stage had a single Viking engine. The third stage had one LOX/LH2 bipropellant engine capable of a thrust of .
This design was kept in the Ariane series until Ariane 4.
Launches
On 24 December 1979, the first Ariane launch, designated as L-O1, was conducted, which was successful. However, in 1980, the second launch, L-O2 ended in a failure shortly after takeoff, which had been caused by a combustion instability that had occurred in one of the Viking first stage engines. The third launch, L-O3 succeeded, which resulted in the orbiting of three separate satellites; the fourth and last qualification launch, L-04, was also a success. However, during the fifth launch, which was the first commercial mission to be performed by Ariane, designated as L5, the rocket ceased functioning after 7 minutes of flight. This failure was traced back to a single turbopump in the third stage that had stopped functioning, and a significant re-design of elements of the third stage was performed as a result.
The failure of the first commercial flight had created a tense atmosphere along with a flurry of criticism being aired about the Ariane programme. Following the completion of a complete review of the programme, on 16 June 1983, the second commercial flight, L6 was successfully launched into orbit. This began a run of successful flight for the launcher, the following six flights were all successes. As a result of the repeated successes, orders for the type increased quickly; by early 1984, a total of 27 satellites had been booked for Ariane, which was half of the world market at that time. As a result of the commercial success, after the tenth Ariane mission was flown, the ESA transferred responsibility for Ariane over to Arianespace.
The Giotto mission's spaceprobe was successfully launched on the tenth Ariane 1 mission, V-14, on 2 July 1985. The first SPOT satellite was put into orbit by the eleventh and last launch of Ariane 1 on 22 February 1986. By early 1986, the Ariane 1, along with its Ariane 2 and Ariane 3 derivatives, were the dominant launcher on the world market.
Launch history
References
Citations
Bibliography
Harvey, Brian. Europe's Space Programme: To Ariane and Beyond. Springer Science & Business Media, 2003. .
External links
The Ariane rocket family
Ariane (rocket family)
Vehicles introduced in 1979
Ignasin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References
Ignasin
Bahadorestan (, also Romanized as Bahādorestān; also known as Bādāristān, Bahārestān, and Bahristān) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 477, in 116 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Ingrid Hoffmann (born April 10, 1965) is a Colombian-American television personality and restaurateur, who hosts the Food Network series Simply Delicioso and the Spanish-language cooking and lifestyle show Delicioso on Galavisión. Her cookbook, Simply Delicioso: A Collection of Everyday Recipes with a Latin Twist, was published on February 8, 2008, by Clarkson Potter. The Spanish version is titled Delicioso: Una coleccion de mis recetas favoritas con un toque latino.
Early life
Hoffmann was born in Barranquilla, Colombia, and raised in Cali and Curaçao. Her father was Billy Hoffmann, a pilot. Her mother, Yolanda Ibarnegaray, was a Cordon Bleu-trained chef who worked in restaurants and catering. Ingrid began cooking at a young age with her mother.
Career
Hoffmann worked in modeling and acting, appearing in 16 telenovelas by age 20. She moved to Miami, Florida in 1985, where she opened La Capricieuse, a high-fashion luxury boutique in Miami's Coconut Grove.
Hoffmann opened a Miami restaurant with her mother and two business partners. Rocca, the first restaurant in Miami to feature tabletop cooking on heated lava rocks, opened in January 1993 and quickly became a local celebrity hot spot.
After hosting a cooking segment on a Miami-area television show in 2002, Hoffmann was offered a biweekly segment on the Spanish language morning show, Despierta America. Her own show, Delicioso, launched on DirecTV Para Todos in 2005. Delicioso now airs on Univision's cable network, Galavision. The Food Network contacted her the day after her March 2006 appearance on Martha, and Simply Delicioso debuted on the Food Network in July 2007.
Hoffmann contributes a monthly culinary column to People en Español. She has her own cookware line, Simply Delicioso with Ingrid Hoffmann, by T-Fal, and a cutlery and kitchen accessories line by Furi on Home Shopping Network.
Hoffman participated in the Hispanic "Got Milk?" campaign in November 2009 as part of Hispanic Heritage Month. She is a board member of New York City's Food and Education Fund, and she supports Miami's Amigos For Kids (as a member of its board of directors), Believe for Colombia Foundations, and the Humane Society.
Works
Books
Latin d'Lite: Delicious Latin Recipes with a Healthy Twist (2013)
Simply Delicioso: A Collection of Everyday Recipes with a Latin Twist (2008)
Television
Delicioso (2005–present)
Simply Delicioso (2007–2009)
References
External links
Simply Delicioso
Ingrid Hoffmann on Food Network
Interview (2011) at TalkWithAudrey.com
1965 births
Living people
American television chefs
Colombian chefs
Colombian telenovela actresses
Food Network chefs
Colombian emigrants to the United States
Women cookbook writers
American women chefs
21st-century American women
Magda Jóna (14 August 1934 – 15 April 1993) was a Hungarian handballer who played for Győri Vasas, Újpesti Gyapjú and Budapesti Spartacus SC. She was capped for the Hungarian field handball national team once in 1956, and played for the country's handball national team 44 times between 1955 and 1966.
On club level she won the Hungarian Championship five times (1959, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1967) and reached the final of the European Champions Cup in 1965, just to fall short against HG København.
With the national team she participated in three World Championships (1957, 1962, 1965), winning the tournament in 1965 and collecting a silver medal in 1957.
References
Kozák, Péter (1995). Ki kicsoda a magyar sportéletben?, vol. II. (I–R). Szekszárd: Babits Kiadó. .
1934 births
1993 deaths
Handball players from Budapest
Hungarian female handball players
Győri Audi ETO KC players
20th-century Hungarian women
Highway 11A is a short freeway in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan serving the city of Regina. It runs from the Highway 6 at Regina's northern city limit to Highway 11, northwest of Regina. It is the original configuration for Highway 11 as it approached Regina and was designated after the Regina Bypass was opened in 2019.
Highway 11 used to be signed through Regina along Albert Street and Ring Road to Victoria Avenue where it terminated at the Highway 1; however, the Highway 11A designation only pertains to the area outside city limits where it is under provincial jurisdiction.
Exit list
From south to north.
References
External links
011A
011A
Roads in Regina, Saskatchewan
Gregorio Vicente (born 22 April 1969) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of fifth in the K-4 1000 m event at Atlanta in 1996.
References
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Spanish male canoeists
Farsi Jan or Farsijan () may refer to:
Farsijan, Fars
Farsi Jan, Markazi
The Keta-Sometutuza or Keta-Sometutu Festival an annual harvest festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Agbozume in Ketu South District in the Volta Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated two weeks after the Hogbetsotso festival.It is celebrated by the Somey people of Agbozume,Denu and surrounding communities to commemorate their migration from Keta in 1792-94 after the Keta -Anloga War. It is usually celebrated on the 3rd Saturday in November.
Celebrations
There are pageantry shows and pomp during the festival. There is also a grand durbar of chiefs with their subjects.The festival commences with performance of traditional rites in Keta and the main durbar at Agbozume. The chiefs pay homage to their paramount chief and they renew their allegiance to him. During the festival, there is also a display of different types of Ewe Kente, and other traditional and woven textiles.
Significance
It is celebrated to mark the exodus from Keta , their place of origin to their present settlement.
References
Harvest festivals
Ghanaian culture
Festivals in Ghana
Clara Wildschut (11 June 1906 – 27 August 1950) was a Dutch composer, pianist and violinist born in Deventer. She studied music at the Royal Conservatory of the Hague with Johan Wagenaar, E. van Beinum, André Spoor and F. Broer van Dijk. In 1930, she won a state scholarship for composition. She studied composition with Joseph Marx in Vienna and returned to Amsterdam in 1937.
Works
Her compositions include:
Chamber
Serenade (woodwind quintet)
Sonata (violin and piano)
Sonatina (violin and piano)
String Quartet
Two Sonatines (oboe and piano; one arranged for oboe and orchestra)
Orchestra
Entrata Capricciosa
Fuga en Romance (string orchestra)
Piano
Theme with Twelve Variations and Fugue
Vocal
over 70 songs (voice and piano)
some a cappella music for choir
References
1906 births
1950 deaths
Dutch women composers
4690 Operating System (sometimes shortened to 4690 OS or 4690) is a specially designed point of sale (POS) operating system, originally sold by IBM. In 2012, IBM sold its retail business, including this product, to Toshiba, which assumed support. 4690 is widely used by IBM and Toshiba retail customers to run retail systems which run their own applications and others.
4690 is the successor product to IBM 4680 OS, which was in use by IBM customers since 1986. The original 4680 OS was based on Digital Research's Concurrent DOS 286, a system thereafter renamed to FlexOS 286 in November 1986.
In July 1993, IBM adopted FlexOS version 2.32 as the basis of their 4690 OS version 1. FlexOS 2.32 supported 286 (Intel 80286) and 386 (Intel 80386) modes and had no limit on applications running concurrently.
In 1995, IBM licensed IMS REAL/32 7.50, a derivative of Digital Research's Multiuser DOS and thereby a successor to Concurrent DOS 386, to bundle it with their 4695 POS terminals.
According to the article "The Year of the Store?", IHL Consulting Group/RIS News, IBM 4690 OS still had a market share of 12% in the POS register client market in June 2005, when IBM was starting to phase it out in favor of IBM Retail Environment for SUSE (IRES).
IBM continued to maintain 4690 OS until April 2015, with the most recent version released by IBM in May 2012 being IBM 4690 OS Version 6 Release 3, which was supported until 2017 under special contracts with big-name companies.
Meanwhile, Toshiba has released Toshiba 4690 OS Version 6 Release 4 (V6R4) in January 2014, and Version 6 Release 5 (V6R5) in January 2016. In 2018, a Linux-based successor of 4690 OS, named TCx Sky and codeveloped with Wind River Systems, was launched. Soon after, Toshiba discontinued 4690 OS for new customers; it is, however, still supported under service contracts signed between Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions and stores still using 4690 OS on their POS terminals. The latest security update (CSD Level 2010) was released in December 2020, only for 4690 OS Version 6 Release 5.
Retailers are using the 4690 Operating System for their operations because of its many retail-specific and reliability features. In addition to running on IBM hardware, third-party vendors have exploited the 4690 features on competitive hardware.
Supported hardware
4690 supports many POS terminal devices, store controller servers, and combination controller–terminals. The 4690 documentation contains a list of supported POS devices, some in use over 20 years. The family of IBM Universal Serial Bus (USB) POS devices that 4690 supports includes keyboards, displays, and cash drawers. 4690 also supports other input/output (I/O) devices designed and conforming to IBM's USB POS device interface specifications. IBM makes interface specifications available to third-party vendors to enable them to connect their devices to POS terminals using RS-485, RS-232, and USB connections.
IBM provides a Controller Matrix document with a list of compatible IBM servers for use with 4690 OS as store controllers and controller–terminals. These servers represent current and formerly available devices which continue to be supported by 4690.
Notable features
Perhaps the most notable feature of the 4690 OS is its ability to provide a "redundancy infrastructure". IBM designed the 4690 OS to work either as one server, or with one or more other 4690 servers. These servers are commonly called store controllers. When connected in a local area network (LAN), these 4690 store controllers provide redundant backup using mirrored data files. Using a system of master controller, alternate master, file server, and alternate file server designations, the controllers preserve data integrity and allow file backup in case a store controller fails and needs to be replaced.
A copy of the 4690 OS is maintained in each store controller. The 4690 POS terminals (registers) load a copy of 4690 from the store controller into memory when they Initial Program Load (IPL). The 4690 controllers provide terminal support in the form of terminal loading, price lookup, and transaction logging. Non-volatile memory is used to ensure that data is not lost in transit from the terminals to the store controller. Terminals are assigned to a primary store controller, and that controller is typically backed up by another controller. If the primary controller fails, the terminals automatically access the backup controller, providing uninterrupted sales at the POS terminal. If both the primary and backup controllers are unavailable, the terminal can go into a standalone state, or, some of the applications are able to support a Terminal Offline (TOF) state wherein terminals run offline using a terminal-based item file and logging stored in their own memory.
To maintain software at the store level, 4690 OS provides a software maintenance facility to manage updates. This facility provides checking to ensure that all updates have been transferred to the store, and the ability to apply the maintenance from store level commands or under central control. The updated software can be applied in test, which preserves the prior software in case the maintenance needs to be backed off for some reason.
4690 supports communications to the store controller in several forms. including TCP/IP, X.25, Systems Network Architecture (SNA), and asynchronous communications.
Commands
The following list of commands are supported by the 4690 Operating System.
ASSIGN
BACKUP
BATCH
BREAK
BURNISO
CHDIR
CHKDSK
CLS
COMMAND
COMP
COPY
DEFINE
DIR
DISKCOMP
DISKCOPY
ECHO
ELSE
ERASE
EXIT
FCOPY
FIND
FOR
FORMAT
FSET
GOTO
IF
LIST
MKDIR
MORE
ORDER
PATH
PAUSE
PRINT
PROMPT
QUERY
REM
RENAME
RESTORE
RMDIR
SECURITY
SHIFT
SORT
SYS
TREE
TYPE
UNLOCKP
VER
VERIFY
VOL
Technology and software
4690 OS has been updated annually to address the needs of its user community and in anticipation of upcoming requirements.
4690 Version 5 incorporated new security enhancements, such as Secure Shell (SSH), IPsec, and enhanced operator security (allowing alphanumeric operator IDs, password complexity requirements, password expiration, etc.). This has helped its users address new security requirements from the credit card companies.
Another recent addition to 4690 was the ability to forward store hardware- and software-level events to a Remote Management system to facilitate central control and monitoring. File integrity monitoring and lockdown of 4690s are becoming increasingly important due to recent breaches caused by point-of-sale malware based threats.
4690 supports applications written in a CBASIC variant named IBM 4680 BASIC, Metaware High-C, and Java 2. The Java language-based ability at both the server and the client, along with the extension of Internet protocol suite TCP/IP ability to the client, enables Java applications at both the server and client to run concurrently with extant CBASIC or C applications. Users can make functional enhancements to extant applications by developing a new Java application that communicates with an extant application.
Versions
IBM 4690 Operating System versions:
1 (July 1993)
2 release 1
2 release 2
2 release 3
2 release 4
3 release 1
3 release 2
3 release 3
4 release 1
4 release 2
5 release 1
5 release 2
6 release 1
6 release 2
6 release 3 (May 2012)
Toshiba 4690 Operating System versions:
6 release 4 (January 2014)
6 release 5 Classic – Enhanced (January 2016)
See also
Digital Research
Toshiba TCx Sky
FlexOS
IBM 4680 OS
IBM 4683
IBM 4693
IBM 4694
IBM 4695
IMS REAL/32
IBM Retail Environment for SUSE (IRES)
Distributed Data Management Architecture (DDM)
Further reading
These and many other documents could be obtained from IBM at the Retail Publications Download Center.
In 2016, Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions, the current owner of 4690 OS, removed public access to all 4690 related manuals and publications from their servers.
In May 2018, 4690 OS was renamed to TCx Sky. The base operating system that runs under 4690 OS itself was changed to Wind River Linux with this revision.
References
External links
Data Format Description Language (DFDL) schemas for IBM 4690 ACE to parse and write IBM 4690 ACE transaction logs
IBM operating systems
DOS variants
Real-time operating systems
Retail point of sale systems
C (programming language) software
Divested IBM products
1993 software
Flerden (Romansh: Flearda) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
History
Flerden is first mentioned in 1156 as Flirden.
Geography
Flerden has an area, , of . Of this area, 54.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 30% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 3.6% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (11.7%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Thusis sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) of Flerden on the inner Heinzenberg at an elevation of .
Demographics
Flerden has a population (as of ) of . , 2.0% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 15.3%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.5% male and 50.5% female. The age distribution, , in Flerden is; 14 people or 8.8% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 22 people or 13.8% are 10 to 14, and 13 people or 8.1% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 9 people or 5.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 17 people or 10.6% are 30 to 39, 30 people or 18.8% are 40 to 49, and 21 people or 13.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 12 people or 7.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 16 people or 10.0% are 70 to 79, there are 6 people or 3.8% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 47.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (24.4%), the SPS (14%) and the CVP (12.7%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Flerden about 81% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Flerden has an unemployment rate of 0.32%. , there were 42 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 16 businesses involved in this sector. 3 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 15 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (95.6%), with Romansh being second most common ( 3.8%) and Italian being third ( 0.6%).
References
Municipalities of Graubünden
The streak-breasted fantail (Rhipidura dedemi) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to Indonesia, where it occurs in Seram Island. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Systematics
The species is closely related to and forms a superspecies with the long-tailed fantail of the Tanimbar Islands, the Sulawesi fantail of Sulawesi, the tawny-backed fantail of Buru and the Palau fantail of Palau, all in Indonesia.
References
streak-breasted fantail
Birds of Seram
streak-breasted fantail
streak-breasted fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer (, literally Saint-Cyr on Sea; Occitan and Provençal: Sant Ceri) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Southeastern France. In 2018, it had a population of 11,580. It neighbours La Ciotat to the west, Bandol to the east and La Cadière-d'Azur to the north.
In addition to the urban centre of Saint-Cyr itself, the commune includes the communities of Les Lecques, a port and beach resort, as well as La Madrague, a small port. The town square of Saint-Cyr contains a replica of the Statue of Liberty donated by Frédéric Bartholdi, sculptor of the original.
Population
Economy
Agriculture and tourism are important industries in the area. Fruit (especially olives), vegetables, as well as wine are produced in the commune. Both Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer and Les Lecques have urban markets. Tourist attractions include the sandy beach at Les Lecques, the coastal footpaths and the Musée de Tauroentum, a museum which displays artifacts from the Roman site of 'Tauroentum'.
Twin towns
Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer is twinned with:
Città della Pieve, Italy
Denzlingen, Germany
See also
Communes of the Var department
References
External links
Saint-Cyr tourist office
Website of Saint-Cyr commune
Communes of Var (department)
Populated coastal places in France
Whitegate, Ireland may refer to:
Whitegate, County Clare
Whitegate, County Cork
Funkhouser is an unincorporated community in Effingham County, Illinois, United States. It is part of the Effingham, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Effingham County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Lamprosema semicostalis is a moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1899
Lamprosema
Moths of South America
IsoCee is a shopping mall and entertainment center near the Kuopio Market Square in the city center of Kuopio, Finland. The street address of the shopping center built by the Carlson Group is Ajurinkatu 16, and the distance from IsoCee to the Market Square is about . The center includes Finnkino's Scala cinema, gym, Restaurant Taikuri and bowling alley Keilakukko. The center covers an area of about . IsoCee was opened on Friday, May 17, 2013, next to the Minna Shopping Center.
In 2014, Carlson Group, which also owned the adjacent Minna Shopping Center,
sold IsoCee to Keva, a public sector pension financial institution. The purchase price has been reported to be EUR 18.8 million.
References
External links
IsoCee - Fonecta (in Finnish)
IsoCee - Aukioloajat (in Finnish)
Buildings and structures in Kuopio
Shopping centres in Finland
Shopping malls established in 2013
Craig Martin (born January 21, 1971) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Jets and Florida Panthers.
Martin was drafted 98th overall by the Jets in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He played 20 regular season games for the Jets during the 1994–95 NHL season, scoring one assist with 19 penalty minutes. He played one more game for the Florida Panthers in the 1996–97 NHL season, collecting five penalty minutes.
In July, 2018, Martin was inducted into the Multi-Ethnic Sports Hall of Fame along with two other black former professional players from Amherst in Bill Riley and Mark McFarlane.
Career statistics
References
External links
1971 births
Adirondack IceHawks players
Adirondack Red Wings players
Bakersfield Condors (1998–2015) players
Berlin Capitals players
Black Nova Scotians
Black Canadian ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Carolina Monarchs players
Florida Panthers players
Hull Olympiques players
Ice hockey people from Nova Scotia
Living people
Manitoba Moose (IHL) players
Moncton Hawks players
Phoenix Mustangs players
Quebec Rafales players
Springfield Falcons players
San Antonio Dragons players
Winnipeg Jets (1979–1996) draft picks
Winnipeg Jets (1979–1996) players
Saint Elisæus, Ełišay, Yeghishe or Ełišē (, , ) was the first patriarch of the Church of Caucasian Albania by local tradition.
Legend
Life
First attested in the Classical Armenian work The History of the Caucasian Albanians, he was considered the illuminator of Albania. The legend about Elisæus has two versions. In one version he is presented as one of five disciples of St. Thaddeus (or, of Thaddeus of Edessa, who may have been the same person). According to this version, he returned to Jerusalem after the martyrdom of Thaddeus by Sanatruk, and was appointed as head of the church by James the Just. However, another version which was mentioned in context of a debate with the Armenian Catholicos Abraham I (607–615) recounts Elisæus as "disciple of the Lord" without mentioning Thaddeus and referring to James as "patriarch of Jerusalem". The former version records the apostle's journey from Jerusalem to Maskut lands through Persia, reaching Sahar̄n in Utik along with three disciples. Story follows with martyrdom of one disciple, other two deserting him. Legend is continued with Elisæus reaching Giš, establishing the first mother church of East. Elisæus was later ambushed in Zergoyn plains and his remains was thrown into a pit in Homēnk. Latter version just describes a movement from Jerusalem to Giš and establishing a church there. Albanians believed that Albania was evangelized 270 years before Armenia.
Relics discovery
According to The History of the Caucasian Albanians his relics were rediscovered sometime later by 'pious men'. His relics were first transferred to church of Ur̄ekan, then taken to Jrvshtik monastery which later became Yeghishe Arakyal Monastery during reign of Vachagan III.
Reinterpretation
Some researchers, including Jean-Pierre Mahe and Zaza Aleksidze considered the latter version to be the original Albanian version of the legend, while earlier one to be gradually Armenized version in order to legitimize the subordination of the Church of Caucasian Albania to the Armenian Apostolic Church. If Elisæus was disciple of Jesus himself and consecrated by James, he would be equal to Thaddeus, thus making the Albanian church of equally apostolic origin. Suggesting that the Elisæus legend was changed under influence of Armenian Church, Mahe and Aleksidze offered that Kish, Khojavend was founded later to transfer the legend from left bank to Armenian populated Artsakh. Several Armenian authors argued that Elisæus was merely an invention by Albanian monks to get rid of Armenian ecclestical dominance. According to Aleksan Hakobyan, the legend was invented by Catholicos of Caucasian Albania, Eghiazar (683–689) in order to establish his own church independent of the Armenian one.
Journey
There have been several attempts to identify milestones of Eliseus' trip. Hieromonk Alexy (Nikonorov) suggested identifying Sahar̄n with Zrykh, Zergoyn with Yargun and Homēnk with Gelmets. Zaza Aleksidze identified the latter with Kurmukhi Church, explaining its name as combination of and Caucasian Albanian (-mux, plural suffix). Makar Barkhudaryants and H. Arakelyan on the other hand, identified Homēnk with formerly Udi populated village of Bum.
Cult
Elisæus' cult had a strong following in Udi populated regions. In a letter dated to 20 March 1724 sent to Peter I by the Udi people of Shaki, he was identified as illuminator of "Albanian nation". His disciples Vlas the Martyr (considered to be a localized version of St. Blaise) and Komrad were also revered. According to legend, the Church of Saint Elisæus in Nij was built on the tomb of Vlas in 1823. Other churches named after Elisæus were Church of Kish, Church of Saint Elisæus in Vartashen and St. Eliseus of Khoshkashen (modern Qarabulaq, Oghuz). Respectively, Elisæus' feast was considered to be on same day as Ascension Thursday, Komrad's feast was 3 days later. However, in Bum village, it was a week later.
As opposed to the left bank of the Kura River, the cult of Elisæus was not as widespread in Karabakh. On the right bank, only two Christian holy sites bear his name: Yeghishe Arakyal Monastery and Yeghishe Arakel monastery of Gishi. According to one view, the name for the former is a folk etymology and the monastery in fact is named after a young brave man named Yeghish, who was martyred by a local tyrant while fighting for the honor of his wife.
Sources
References
Church of Caucasian Albania
Oriental Orthodox saints
1st-century archbishops
1st-century Asian people
Earle Duncan Getchell, Jr. (born October 12, 1949 in Mobile, Alabama) is an American lawyer and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. He is a former Solicitor General of Virginia.
Background
Getchell attended Emory University on an Air Force ROTC Scholarship and graduated with high honors. He then graduated with distinction from Duke University Law School, where he was on the staff and editorial board of the Duke Law Journal.
After law school, Mr. Getchell worked as an associate at McGuire, Woods & Battle for one year before serving as an Air Force JAG Officer in the Office of the General Counsel for two years, attaining the rank of captain. He served in the U.S. Air Force Reserve 1971–1977, with active duty assignment 1975–1977. After his tenure with the Air Force, Mr. Getchell returned to McGuire, Woods & Battle in 1977 and remained there for over thirty years. He was made a partner in 1981 and then headed the firm's appellate litigation. Mr. Getchell is a fellow of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers, an elected member of The American Law Institute, and a permanent member of the Fourth Circuit Judicial Conference.
In late 2009, Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli named him Solicitor General of Virginia. In 2014, Mr. Getchell returned to practice at McGuireWoods LLP.
Fourth Circuit nomination
On September 6, 2007, President George W. Bush nominated Getchell to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit vacated by Judge H. Emory Widener, Jr., who had taken senior status on July 17, 2007. From September 2003 until January 2007, William J. Haynes, II had been nominated for the position, but his nomination had met stiff opposition from Senate Democrats over his role as general counsel of the United States Department of Defense in the formulation of rules concerning the use of torture in Iraq. Getchell was nominated as Haynes' replacement.
In 2006, Virginia's two U.S. Senators at the time – John Warner and George Allen, both Republicans – had recommended three candidates from Virginia for two open seats on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. Getchell was on that list. But before Bush acted, Allen was defeated for re-election by Democrat Jim Webb. In July 2007, Warner and Webb submitted a new list of five names, and Getchell was not on it. Bush nominated Getchell anyway, noting that he was rated “highly qualified” by the Virginia State Bar. Warner and Webb did not support him, so his nomination never received a hearing.
Getchell withdrew his nomination from consideration on January 23, 2008. On May 8, 2008, Judge Glen E. Conrad was nominated instead, but his nomination expired at the end of Bush's term.
See also
George W. Bush judicial appointment controversies
Sources
Official Justice Department Resume
Official White House Biography
Biography from McGuireWoods
Alliance for Justice Report on E. Duncan Getchell
References
1949 births
Living people
Duke University School of Law alumni
Emory University alumni
Solicitors General of Virginia
United States Air Force reservists
Virginia lawyers
Yasmin Fahimi (born 25 December 1967) is a German trade unionist and politician who has been chairing the German Trade Union Confederation (DGB) since 2022.
From 2017 to 2022, Fahimi served as a member of the German Bundestag. From January 2014 to December 2015 she was the general secretary of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Early life and education
Fahimi was born in Hanover. Her Iranian father died in a car accident before she was born; her mother is German. Her mother's family comes from East Prussia and fled during WW II. Fahimi has one older brother who was born in Tehran. Fahimi's mother, who was employed at the Ministry of Justice, raised the children alone. She studied chemistry at the University of Hanover from 1989 to 1998.
Early career
Between 1998 and 2014, Fahimi worked in various capacities at the IG Bergbau, Chemie, Energie. From 2012, she also served as founder and board member of the Innovationsforum Energiewende, a group convening unions and companies from the energy sector and energy-intensive industries.
Political career
Fahimi has been a member of the Social Democratic Party since 1984. She was a member of the federal executive board of the party's youth organization and from 2009 to 2013 deputy chairwoman of the SPD in Hannover.
In a special party conference on 26 January 2014 Fahimi was elected with 88.5% of the votes to be Secretary General of the SPD under party chairman Sigmar Gabriel, and therefore successor of Andrea Nahles. By late 2015, Gabriel replaced her with Katarina Barley.
From 2016 until 2018, Fahimi served as State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs under the leadership of minister Andrea Nahles. In this capacity, she oversaw the ministry's activities on occupational safety and health; Old Age Security; matters concerning people with disabilities; and international employment and social policy (including relations with the International Labour Organization).
Member of the German Parliament, 2017–2022
In November 2016, Fahimi announced that she would run for a parliamentary seat in the 2017 national elections. In the Bundestag, she serves on the Committee on Education, Research and Technology Assessment. As deputy member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, she is her parliamentary group's rapporteur on relations to Latin America, the Caribbean, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Malta. In addition to her committee assignments, she has been chairing the German-Brazilian Parliamentary Friendship Group since 2018. Within the SPD parliamentary group, she belongs to the Parliamentary Left, a left-wing movement.
In the negotiations to form a so-called traffic light coalition of the SPD, the Green Party and the Free Democratic Party (FDP) following the 2021 federal elections, Fahimi was part of her party's delegation in the working group on labor policy, co-chaired by Hubertus Heil, Katharina Dröge and Johannes Vogel.
Chair of DGB, 2022–present
In 2021 German Trade Union Confederation (DGB) was looking for a woman to chair the organization. Fahimi's partner, Michael Vassiliadis, head of IG Bergbau, Chemie, Energie, made himself available for the office but was eventually opposed by ver.di, one of the main unions in DGB. Finally, Fahimi met with great approval among all trade unions. She was nominated in January 2022 as new chair of DGB.
Other activities
German Future Prize, Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2022)
Federal Agency for Disruptive Innovation (SPRIN-D), Member of the Supervisory Board (since 2020)
Deutsche Industrieforschungsgemeinschaft Konrad Zuse, Member of the Senate
Bayer CropScience, former Member of the Supervisory Board
IG Bergbau, Chemie, Energie, Member
References
1967 births
German politicians of Iranian descent
Living people
Politicians from Hanover
University of Hanover alumni
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag for Lower Saxony
Female members of the Bundestag
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
State Secretaries of Germany
21st-century German women
The was the first museum of meteorology in Japan. It is located in Ebayama Park in the city of Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
History
Opened as the Japanese first Prefecutal meteorological observatory in Kako-machi, Hiroshima, Aki, Hiroshima on January 1, 1879.
Moved to Kokutaiji-machi, Hiroshima, Aki, Horoshima on December 31, 1892.
New building was completed in Eba-machi, Hiroshima in 1934.
Moved to the new building on January 1, 1935.
Nationarized as the Hiroshima weather station of the Central Meteorological Observatory of the Ministry of Education on November 1, 1939.
Renewed as the Hiroshima Meteorological Observatory of the Ministry of Transport in November 1943.
Suffered from the A-bomb, lost staff and instruments but continued the observation on August 6, 1945.
Renamed as the Hiroshima District Meteorological Observatory on August 11, 1945.
Suffered great damage from the Makurazaki Typhoon on September 17, 1945.
Renamed sa the Hiroshima Local Meteorological Observatory on November 1, 1949.
The competent authorities was changed to the Meteorological Agency on July 1, 1956.
The Hiroshima Local Meteorological Observatory was moved to Kami-hachobori, Naka-ku, Hiroshima on December 22, 1987.
The building was placed under the Hiroshima City to preserve on November 1, 1990.
The building was reborn as the first Museum of Meteorology in Japan on June 1, 1992.
The building was designated as the important cultural assets by Hiroshima City on July 25, 2000.
Started the weather forecast for Hiroshima city area on July 20, 2003.
Museum
Permanent exhibitions
Study tour of the weather forecast
search the weather information through the internet
Videos
Instruments for the weather observation
Experiment services of the weather
Wind capsule
Laboratories of Franklin
Consultations about the weather
Special exhibitions
Education programs
Science show
Delivery services of the science show
Science workshop
Natural science
Science volunteer activities
Internship system
Weekly mail magazine
Museum shop
Modern cultural heritage
Prewar style building
Windows with the shorter side at the top
Side belt and other parts of the wall with uneven decoration
Simple geometric design
Thin eaves of the porch
Original design of the capitals
Time consumed interior decorations
photos
A-bombed building
Preserved the A-bombed wall
Bent window frame by the bomb blast
The wall with the stuck grass
photos
Access
Hiroden Eba-sakae-machi bus stop
Hiroden Eba Station
See also
Atomic Bombing - August 6, 1945
Makurazaki Typhoon - September 17, 1945
one of the three largest Typhoons in Shōwa period
1229 dead, 1054 injured, 783 missing in Hiroshima Prefecture
A Blank in the Weather Map
Non-fiction book about the Hiroshima Meteorological Observatory in 1945
written by Kunio Yanagida
Hiroshima Witness
References
External links
Hiroshima City Ebayama Museum of Meteorology
Hiroshima City Ebayama Museum of Meteorology
Hiroshima City Ebayama Museum of Meteorology @ architecture in Hiroshima
Record the day of A-bomb by the Campbell–Stokes Sunshine Recorder
Location from Google Maps
Museums established in 1879
1879 establishments in Japan
Monuments and memorials in Japan
Museums in Hiroshima
Natural history museums in Japan
Science museums in Japan
History museums in Japan
Ebayama
In gravitation, Chasles' theorem says that the Newtonian gravitational attraction of a spherical shell, outside of that shell, is equivalent mathematically to the attraction of a point mass.
The theorem is attributed to Michel Chasles (1793–1880).
Benjamin Peirce followed Chasles work on that developed an analogy between conduction of heat and gravitational attraction:
A single current in a direction perpendicular to the level surfaces, and having a velocity proportionate to the decrease in density … is the law of propagation of heat, when there is no radiation, and hence arise the analogies between the levels and isothermal surfaces, and the identity of the mathematical investigations of the attraction of bodies and the propagation of heat which have been developed by Chasles.
The Chaslesian shell is the figure that Peirce exploits:
If an infinitely thin homogeneous shell is formed upon each level surface, of a system of bodies, having at each point a thickness proportional to the attraction at that point, the portion of either of these shells, which is included in a canal formed by trajectories, bears the same ratio to the whole shell, which the portion of another shell included in the same canal bears to that shell, provided there is no mass included between the shells.
The conception of these shells, and the investigation of their acting and reacting properties was original with Chasles, and it will be convenient, as it is appropriate, to designated them as Chaslesian shells.
Chasles' theorem as expressed by Peirce:
The external level surfaces of a shell are the same with those of the original masses, and the attraction of the shell upon an external point has the same direction with the attraction of the original masses, and is normal to the level surface passing through the point. This theorem is due to Chasles.
The ellipsoid is recruited to bound the Chaslesian shells:
An infinitely thin homogeneous shell, of which the inner and outer surfaces are those of similar, and similarly placed, concentric ellipsoids, is a Chaslesian shell.
See also
Newton's shell theorem
References
Theorems in mathematical physics
Theories of gravity
Tião Macalé may refer to:
Tião Macalé (comedian) (1926-1993), Brazilian comedian
Tião Macalé (footballer) (1936-1972), Brazilian footballer
The Old Fort is a fort in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace, near the Stadium of Ksar and College d'Application.
References
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Forts in Mauritania
Woongoolba is a coastal rural locality in the northern part of City of Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. In the , Woongoolba had a population of 280 people.
Geography
The locality is bounded to the north by the Logan River () and to the north-east by Moreton Bay.
Little Rocky Point is a headland jutting into Moreton Bay ().
The land is low-lying (less than 10 metres above sea level) with only three places higher than this in the locality:
Marks Hill () rising to in the north-east of the locality, close to the mouth of the Logan River
immediately inland of Little Rocky Point
Cecil Zipf Park along the coast
The land is predominantly used for growing sugarcane except for the north-east of the locality which is used for aquaculture, mostly prawns. Parts of the north-east of the locality are marshland and undeveloped.
History
In the late 1800s, the farming district located between the Pimpama River and the Logan River called Pimpama Island and encompasses the modern localities of Jacobs Well, Norwell, Steiglitz and Woongoolba. It was referred to as an island because there were a number of lagoons and swamps that isolated the area during the wet season; however, this disadvantage made it good land for growing sugar cane.
The name Woongoolba is believed to be an Aboriginal word for the geebung tree.
The district was predominantly settled by German immigrants who arrived in the period 1864–1900.
The Pimpama Island Provisional School opened on 17 April 1876 under the direction of teacher Joseph Schindler with 13 pupils (of German parentage). It became Pimpama Island State School on 7 September 1898. It was renamed Woongoolba State School in 1930. Additional classrooms and a library were built in 1941, with further expansions in 1991, 1997 and 2010.
The Rocky Point Sugar Mill was established by Carl Heinrich Heck in 1878 on Mill Road (and crosses the boundary between Woongoolba and Steiglitz). Despite being one of the oldest sugar mills in Australia, it is still privately owned by the Heck Group. There were once other sugar mills in the area, but they have now closed and Rocky Point has expanded to replace their lost capacity.
The first Bethlehem Lutheran church was built in 1882. It was replaced by the current building in 1908, which was renovated in 1930.
On Friday 13 July 1917, the Pimpama Island Public Hall was officially opened by James Stodart, the Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Logan. In the 1970s or 1980s, the original Norwell State School building was relocated to the site and used to extend the hall.
In the , Woongoolba had a population of 460 people.
In the , Woongoolba had a population of 280 people.
In December 2016, the prawn industry in Woongoolba was disrupted by an outbreak of white spot virus. The disease was found in imported prawns in June 2016, and it is believed that recreational fishermen used these imported prawns as bait in the Logan River (from where the prawn industry draws its water), introducing the disease into the prawn farms. In 2021, one prawn farming company initiated legal action for damages of over $44 million against the prawn importing companies and the Australian Government for their role in this biosecurity failure. In 2021, submissions were made to the Australian Government to require imported prawns to be cooked rather than raw (which would kill the white spot disease and hopefully minimise biosecurity risk of other diseases).
in July 2019 the Heck family homestead "‘Friedensheim" (House of Peace), then at 129 Mill Road, opposite the Rocky Point Sugar Mill (), was divided into three pieces and relocated to the Beenleigh Historical Village, an open-air museum. Following work to reconstruct and restore the building, it was officially reopened in November 2021 at the museum. The homestead was built in 1914 for the Heck family who operated the sugar mill but had not been used as a home since the 1970s.
Education
Woongoolba State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 1219 Jacobs Well Road (). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 224 students with 20 teachers (13 full-time equivalent) and 11 non-teaching staff (8 full-time equivalent).
There are no secondary schools in Woongoolba. The nearest government secondary schools are Ormeau Woods State High School in Ormeau to the south-west and Beenleigh State High School in Beenleigh to the west.
Amenities
The Gold Coast City Council operates a fortnightly mobile library service which visits Woongoolba State School on Jacobs Well Road.
Bethlehem Lutheran Church is at 1281 Stapylton Jacobs Well Road ().
Woongoolba Public Hall (also known as Pimpama Island & Districts Community Centre) is at 1226 Stapylton Jacobs Well Road ().
Accessed via a causeway through the mangroves, the Cecil Zipf Park at Little Rocky Point () offers views of Moreton Bay, off-leash dog area, BBQ and toilets. The beach below the park is a good place for fishing, especially for bream.There are a number of other parks in the locality, including:
Behm Creek Reserve ()
Loves Road Weir ()
New Norwell Rd Reserve ()
Norwell Reserve ()
Pimpama Island Recreational Reserve ()
Rocky Point Reserve ()
Sandy Creek Park ()
References
Further reading
External links
Suburbs of the Gold Coast, Queensland
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
The women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Heats
21 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 18 countries participated in the event.
References
400 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Kzylordyina obscura is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Kzylordyina.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
The Aeronca L was a 1930s American cabin monoplane designed and built, in small numbers, by Aeronca Aircraft. It differed significantly from other Aeronca planes by the use of radial engines, streamlining, and a cantilever low wing.
Design and construction
Quite unlike other Aeronca designs, the Model L was a "cantilever" (no external struts for bracing) low-wing monoplane, that featured side-by-side seating in a completely enclosed cabin. The design reflected the greater attention being paid to aerodynamics in the period, including large wheel spats for the fixed undercarriage and a Townend ring for the engine. The aircraft was of mixed-construction with a welded steel fuselage and wings with spruce spars and ribs, all covered with fabric.
Initial attempts to use Aeronca's own engines proved inadequate, and the company turned to small radial engines from other suppliers, particularly neighboring Cincinnati engine manufacturer LeBlond.
Operational history
The Model L was mainly flown by private pilot owners. The plane was not a big seller. Difficulty with engine sources, and a destructive flood, in 1937, at Aeronca's factory at Cincinnati's Lunken Airport, took the energy out of the program, and Aeronca went back to high-wing light aircraft.
With the end of sales to Aeronca, LeBlond sold their engine-manufacturing operation to an Aeronca-rival planemaker, Kansas City-based Rearwin Aircraft, who resumed production of the engines under the brand name "Ken-Royce," largely for use in Rearwin planes.
Variants
LA
Fitted with a LeBlond 5DE engine, 9 built
LB
Fitted with an LeBlond 5DF engine, 29 built
LC
Fitted with a Warner Scarab Jr engine, 15 built
LCS
A single LC, [NC16289], was fitted with floats to become the LCS, carrying a load of for at .
LD
Fitted with a Lambert R-266 5-cyl. radial engine
Surviving aircraft
The EAA AirVenture Museum in Oshkosh, Wisconsin has a 1937 Aeronca LC in its collection.
The Western Antique Aeroplane & Automobile Museum of Hood River, Oregon, has an airworthy Aeronica LC. Aeronca LB N16271 was in final stages of restoration as of January of 2015; Aeronca LC NC17442 (cn 2056) is also on display in the museum.
Specifications (Model LC)
Notes
References
Taylor, J. H. (ed) (1989) Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation. Studio Editions: London. p. 31
Holcomb's Aerodrome
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1930s United States civil utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1935
Tenpadit is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
The Convention Center (Palais des Congrès) in Nouakchott, Mauritania is located north of the Olympic Stadium and next to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The modern building, which has a 700-seat plenary room with several large break out rooms and is equipped for simultaneous translation capabilities, is used for both commercial and government meetings.
References
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Shima-Isobe Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 57.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of a single island platform and a single island platform serving three tracks, connected to an elevated station building by footbridges. However, Platform 3 is a deadhead platform, and is not used for passenger embarkation/disembarkation.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Shima-Isobe Station opened on July 23, 1929, as on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965. The station was rebuilt and renamed to its present name on March 1, 1970.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 482 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Isobe Post Office
Shima High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Shima-Isobe Station
}
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
Sahryń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Werbkowice, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
In 1944 the Sahryń massacre occurred in the village.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
This list is of the Cultural Properties of Japan designated in the category of for the Prefecture of Saga.
National Cultural Properties
As of 1 March 2015, thirteen Important Cultural Properties with sixteen component structures have been designated, being of national significance.
Prefectural Cultural Properties
As of 1 October 2014, nineteen properties with twenty-one component structures have been designated at a prefectural level.
Municipal Cultural Properties
As of 1 May 2014, one hundred and two properties have been designated at a municipal level.
Registered Cultural Properties
As of 1 March 2015, ninety-four properties at thirty-five sites have been registered (as opposed to designated) at a national level.
See also
Cultural Properties of Japan
National Treasures of Japan
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Saga)
References
External links
Cultural Properties in Saga Prefecture
Cultural Properties,Saga
Buildings and structures in Saga Prefecture
Saga
Structures,Saga
Algeria–India relations refers to the international relations that exist between Algeria and India.
Algeria has an embassy in New Delhi. India has an embassy in Algiers.
History
India supported the independence of Algeria from French colonial rule, and supported the National Liberation Front (FLN) during the Algerian War (1954-62). The FLN had an office in India during the late 1950s and early 1960s. Diplomatic relations between Algeria and India were established in July 1962, the same month that the former gained independence from France.
India and Algeria joined the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) in 1961, and have been members ever since. There have been several high level visits by the leaders of the two countries. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi visited Algeria in September 1973 to attend the 4th NAM Summit. Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi visited Algeria in June 1985. Algerian President Chadli Bendjedid visited India in April 1982, 1983, and again in 1987. President Abdelaziz Bouteflika was the chief guest at the Republic Day parade in January 2001.
As a member of the African Union, Algeria supports India's candidacy for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
Economic relations
Bilateral trade between Algeria and India fluctuated between 2013 and 2018. Bilateral trade totaled US$2.12 billion in 2013, dipped to $1.37 billion in 2015, before recovering to $2.92 billion in 2018. The main commodities exported by India to Algeria are knock-down kits for assembly industries, chickpeas, semi-whitened rice and parboiled rice, serums, boned frozen bovine meat, polyethylene terephtalate, pneumatics for tractors, antibiotics and granite blocks. The major commodities imported by India from Algeria are oil, gas, lubricants and phosphate.
Several Indian companies have operations in Algeria. Larsen & Toubro, KEC International, Kalpataru and Vijay Electricals are active in the power transmission sector, and Dodsal Engineering and Construction FZE in the oil and gas sector. Construction company Shapoorji Pallonji and pharmaceutical companies such as Zydus Cadila, Dabur, Sun Pharma, Cipla, and Hetro Drugs have a presence in Algeria. Pharmaccess executes engineering, production and construction (EPC) projects for Algerian companies. Engineers India Ltd. and IRCON International have executed projects in Algeria.
Maruti Suzuki has a significant market in Algeria, with it being its third largest export market and exporting nearly 17,247 cars in the year 2011-12.
Bilateral cooperation and assistance
India provided Algeria with US$1 million as humanitarian aid for the victims of the earthquake which struck Algeria in May 2003. Medicines worth half a million US dollars were handed over in April 2004 and the balance in the form of construction steel for the houses for the victims was handed over in October 2006. The Indian Space Research Organisation launched the Algerian satellite Alsat 2A into orbit in July 2010.
Indians in Algeria
There were around 5,700 Indians living in Algeria as of September 2019. Most of the community are technically skilled workers on projects in remote areas. Only a small number of Indians live in the capital city of Algiers, primarily the regional heads of companies. There are also 20 overseas citizens of India in the country.
Algerian Embassy
The Algerian embassy is located in New Delhi.
Ambassador Abderrahmane Benguerrah
Indian Embassy
The Indian embassy is located in Algiers.
Ambassador Gaurav Singh, G.S. Ahluwalia
See also
Foreign relations of Algeria
Foreign relations of India
Embassy of India, Algiers
References
External links
Embassy of India, Algiers
India
Bilateral relations of India
Africa–India relations
Dynoides amblysinus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
amblysinus
Julian Gregory Joseph Koziak (born 16 September 1940) is a former politician from Alberta, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1971 to 1986. He was the son of John Harry and Marie (née Woytkiw) Koziak.
Political career
Koziak first ran in the 1971 Alberta general election in the district of Edmonton-Strathcona. He defeated incumbent Social Credit MLA and Minister of Health Joseph Donovan Ross with nearly 50% of the popular vote.
In the 1975 general election he faced New Democrat Gordon Wright for the first time. He easily won the six-way race. After the election, Koziak was appointed Minister of Education by Peter Lougheed.
In the 1979 general election, Koziak won a rematch against Wright by a 5% margin and with 45% of the popular vote. After the election, Lougheed moved Koziak to the Ministry of Consumer and Corporate Affairs.
In the 1982 general election he faced Wright for a third time and defeated him by a slim margin. Both Wright and Koziak increased their share of the popular vote. Koziak was then appointed Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Koziak ran for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative party in 1985 and was defeated by Don Getty on the second ballot. In the 1986 general election he faced Gordon Wright once again; this time he was defeated.
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
1940 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Alberta
Politicians from Edmonton
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs
Moataz Eno (; born October 9, 1983) was an Egyptian footballer.
Nickname
Moataz Eno adopted his nickname (Eno) from his father Eno who played for Al-Masry SC.
Zamalek
Moataz Eno is an Ahly youth product but moved to Zamalek when he was 13 on a youth contract. He made his first appearance for Zamalek aged 21. Eno, like his father, is known for Long-Range shots.
Al Ahly
In 2006, Eno's contract with Zamalek ran out and he moved as a free-agent to bitter rivals Al Ahly. In his first season, he sat on the bench for most of the season. The following season he scored against his former team Zamalek in the Egyptian Super Cup a match which ended 2–0 in the favour of Al Ahly. In the 2009/2010 season he began playing as a regular and made great performances but unfortunately he tore a cruciate ligament in the match against Petrojet.
International career
Eno has made one appearance for the Egypt national football team, a friendly against Uruguay on 16 August 2006. He was named to the Egypt squad for the 2006 African Cup of Nations, but did not appear in the tournament.
References
External links
Egyptian footballers
Al Ahly SC players
Zamalek SC players
Egypt international footballers
1983 births
Living people
Egyptian Premier League players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
UAE First Division League players
Tala'ea El Gaish SC players
Egyptian expatriate footballers
Egyptian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Ras Al Khaimah Club players
Haras El Hodoud SC players
Misr Lel Makkasa SC players
ScienceWorks Hands-On Museum in Ashland, Oregon, is a science museum, founded as a non-profit organization in 2001 by a small group of families. The goal was to use an existing 26,000 sq. ft. building to create an interactive science center, to serve the region's schools toward Oregon State science standards. Over 100 hands-on exhibits were built, both in the Museum's shop and by volunteers. Programs were developed, including: field trips for school children, summer camps, live science demonstrations, and weekend themed programming.
ScienceWorks' school programs serve 16 counties and 24 school districts in Southern Oregon and Northern California with field trips and classroom outreach. 57% of the schools served are low-income, Title I school., and 78% of students are from rural areas. In 2017-2018, all 1,000 Medford School District third-graders visited ScienceWorks. In total, over 9,000 school children benefit from the Museum's school programs each year.
ScienceWorks designs and constructs exhibits to display on-site and to travel to other museums. These exhibits include "Take Flight," "Sportsology" and "Noise!" The latest exhibit designed and constructed in the Museum's shop is "Pterosaurs: Ancient Rulers of the Sky."
Erin Endress is ScienceWorks' Executive Director. Endress holds a degree in museum studies from Eastern Illinois University, has worked at the museum since 2018.
References
External links
ScienceWorks website
Museums in Jackson County, Oregon
Science museums in Oregon
2001 establishments in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Ashland, Oregon
Lawford Davidson (1 January 1890 –1964) was a British film actor.
He was born Charles Lawford Davidson in London and died in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England, at age 74. He was the first actor to dub another actor's voice, for Hungarian actor Paul Lukas in The Wolf of Wall Street (1929).
Partial filmography
The Garden of Resurrection (1919)
The Lure of Crooning Water (1920)
Duke's Son (1920)
Testimony (1920)
The Grass Orphan (1922)
The Truants (1922)
Half a Truth (1922)
Running Water (1922)
A Rogue in Love (1922)
The Passionate Friends (1922)
The Starlit Garden (1923)
Constant Hot Water (1923)
The Little Door Into the World (1923)
The Great Well (1924)
Love of Women (1924)
Miami (1924)
Playthings of Desire (1924)
The Sky Raider (1925)
Back to Life (1925)
Wildfire (1925)
Bright Lights (1925)
The Golden Web (1926)
Sin Cargo (1926)
College Days (1926)
Marriage (1927)
A Little Journey (1927)
One Increasing Purpose (1927)
The Patent Leather Kid (1927)
Daredevil's Reward (1928)
Burning Daylight (1928)
Three-Ring Marriage (1928)
George Washington Cohen (1928)
The Love Doctor (1929)
The Overland Telegraph (1929)
The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu (1929)
The Vagabond King (1930)
Hell's Angels (1930)
References
External links
1890 births
1964 deaths
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
Male actors from London
20th-century English male actors
William Galvin was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Waterford senior team.
Galvin played for the team throughout the 1940s and the 1950s and is regarded as one of the county's greatest players from that era. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
At club level Galvin played with Portlaw.
His son, John, also played hurling with Waterford.
References
Portlaw hurlers
Waterford inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Sportspeople from County Waterford
Cyril Chadwick (11 June 1879 – 3 November 1955) was an English actor of the silent era. He appeared in 70 films between 1913 and 1938. He was born in Kensington, London.
Partial filmography
Doc (1914) - Eastman
Mrs. Black Is Back (1914) - Bramley Bush
Marrying Money (1915) - Archie Vandeveer
The Smugglers (1916) - Brompton
Bab's Matinee Idol (1917) - Hon. Page Beresford
Mrs. Dane's Defense (1918) - James Risbee
The Richest Girl (1918) - Minor Role
On the Quiet (1918) - Duke of Carbondale
Out Yonder (1919) - Reggie Hughes
His Wife's Money (1920) - James Cardwell
Clothes (1920) - Arnold West
The Misleading Lady (1920) - Tracey
Three Live Ghosts (1922) - Spoofy
Till We Meet Again (1922) - Gang Member
Women Men Marry (1922) - Lord Brooks Fitzroy
Thirty Days (1922) - Huntley Palmer
The Strangers' Banquet (1922) - Bond
The Christian (1923) - Lord Robert Ure
Brass (1923) - Roy North
Little Church Around the Corner (1923) - Mark Hanford
Slander the Woman (1923) - Monsieur Lemond
The Rustle of Silk (1923) - Paul Chalfon
Don't Marry for Money (1923) - Crane Martin
The Social Code (1923) - Colby Dickinson
Happiness (1924) - Philip Chandos
The Storm Daughter (1924) - The Duke
The Heart Buster (1924) - Edward Gordon
The Man Who Came Back (1924) - Captain Trevelan
The Iron Horse (1924) - Jesson
Peter Pan (1924) - Mr. Darling
Forty Winks (1925) - Gasper Le Sage
The Hunted Woman (1925) - Culver Rann
His Supreme Moment (1925) - Harry Avon
Thank You (1925) - Mr. Jones
Sporting Life (1925) - Lord Phillips Wainwright
The Best Bad Man (1925) - Frank Dunlap
The Ship of Souls (1925) - Churchill
Hold That Lion (1926) - H. Horace Smythe
Gigolo (1926) - Dr. Gerald Blagden
Is Zat So? (1927) - Robert Parker
Foreign Devils (1927) - Lord Vivien Cholmondely
The Actress (1928) - Capt. de Foenix
The Mating Call (1928) - Captain Anderson
Excess Baggage (1928) - Crammon
The Black Watch (1929) - Maj. Twynes
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1929) - Willie Wynton
The Thirteenth Chair (1929) - Brandon Trent
Temple Tower (1930) - Peter Darrell
The Lady of Scandal (1930) - Sir Reginald Whelby
Once a Gentleman (1930) - Jarvis
Sensation Hunters (1933) - Upson
The Big Bluff (1933)
Tea Leaves in the Wind (1938)
References
External links
1879 births
1955 deaths
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
People from Kensington
Male actors from London
20th-century English male actors
Aditi Arya (born 18 September 1993) is an Indian actress, model, research analyst and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Femina Miss India World in 2015. She represented India at Miss World 2015 pageant.
Early life
Arya was born in Chandigarh and studied at Sacred Heart Senior Secondary School in her early years before moving to Gurgaon where she completed her schooling at Amity International School. She then completed her graduation with a finance major in business studies from Delhi University's Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies. She was enrolled in the Indian School of Business through their Young Leaders Programme while working as a research analyst for one of the big four audit firms, Ernst & Young.
She is enrolled in the Yale School of Management, MBA class of 2023.
She has been associated with several non-profit groups such as Amitasha, Supported Decision Making and Protsahan. She has also been involved in street theatre, touching topics such as civic sense and sensitivity towards specially abled.
Femina Miss India 2015
Aditi was crowned the winner at fbb Femina Miss India World 2015, on 28 March 2015 in Mumbai.
Miss World 2015
After winning the title of Femina Miss India World 2015 represented India at Miss World 2015, the 65th edition of the Miss World pageant. She was amongst the top 5 in Multimedia award, top 5 in People's choice award, top 10 in World Fashion Designer Dress award, top 25 in Beauty With a Purpose award, top 30 in the talent sub-competition and top 30 in the Top Model sub-competition.
Acting career
After passing on the crown of Femina Miss India 2015, Aditi Arya has made her Tollywood debut as the lead heroine in Director, Puri Jagannadh's film with Nandamuri Kalyan Ram titled Ism. The film was a box office success and was well received by audience and critics alike.
She then made her Kannada debut as Uttara in the magnum opus Kurukshetra, which is being shot in 3D.
She has played the lead role in the 36 episode Hindi web series Tantra directed by Sidhant Sachdev and produced by Vikram Bhatt. She has also done another web series Spotlight 2 with the same team, to be released on 26 January on the International over-the-top video service Viu.
She is currently shooting for her next Tollywood film Ninnu Vadili Nenu Polenule.
Filmography
See also
Koyal Rana
References
External links
Miss India 2015 Aditi Arya Could be a Next Bollywood Super Star
1993 births
Living people
People from Gurgaon
Actresses from New Delhi
Female models from Delhi
Miss World 2015 delegates
Femina Miss India winners
Beauty pageant contestants from India
Indian beauty pageant winners
Liski may refer to:
Places
Liski (Lošinj), a place on the island of Lošinj, Croatia
Liski, Iran, a village in South Khorasan Province, Iran
Liski, Gmina Dołhobyczów in Lublin Voivodeship, east Poland
Liski, Gmina Horodło in Lublin Voivodeship, east Poland
Liski, Bartoszyce County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, north Poland
Liski, Ełk County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, north Poland
Liski, Gołdap County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, north Poland
Liski, Pisz County in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, north Poland
Liski Urban Settlement, an administrative division and a municipal formation comprising the town of Liski and the khutor of Kalach in Voronezh Oblast, Russia
Liski, Russia, several inhabited localities in Russia
Liski (Kiliya raion), a village in Odessa Oblast, Ukraine
People
(1939–2005), Honorary Professor in Arts, theater manager, theater director. Finnish actor featured as private Rokka in The Unknown Soldier, Aapo, Friends, Comrades or Poet and Muse
(born 1965), Finnish actor in Finnish National Theater. Drummer, songwriter and producer in pop-rock band Adam & Eve. Host in the Finnish version of The Price Is Right. Featured in Salatut elämät and Uusi päivä.
(born 1947), Emeritus Professor of Statistics in University of Tampere. (Co)author of seven books and over one hundred scientific papers. A wide variety of courses at both undergraduate and postgraduate level and numerous management positions.
Other uses
FC Lokomotiv Liski, a Russian association football club from Liski, Voronezh Oblast, Russia
See also
Líský, a village and municipality in the Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic
Carlos Eduardo Castro Mora (born 10 September 1978) is a retired Costa Rican football player.
Early life
Castro was raised by his grandparents.
Club career
He made his professional debut on 19 October 1997 for Alajuelense against Puntarenas and also scored his first goal against Puntarenas on 15 November 1998, but was rumoured to be kicked off of the team for apparently drinking problems (which he denies). In 2003, he moved abroad to play for Rubin Kazan in Russia whom he left in May 2004 to return to Alajuelense. He has played as left back or left midfielder and dribbles and crosses well, he also has good passing skills.
In January 2007 he signed on a free deal for Norwegian firstdivision club, FK Haugesund, but left the club in January 2008 due to the family did not want to stay in Norway. He decided to go back to Costa Rica after a good season in Norway, and signed for his beloved team, Alajuelense. As soon as he signed, he became a regular in the starting line-up. In June 2010 he left them for Puntarenas and he later played for Brujas.
In summer 2011 he had a very short stint at Herediano, joining them in June and leaving them already in August. In summer 2012, Castro was snapped up by Carmelita and on 1 May 2014 he announced his retirement.
International career
Castro played at the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship and 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He made his senior debut for the Ticos in a June 2000 friendly match against Paraguay and has earned a total of 48 caps, scoring 1 goal. He has represented his country in 12 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played in Costa Rica's all three matches at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He also played at the 2003 UNCAF Nations Cup as well as at the 2002 and 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cups and the 2001 Copa América.
His final international was an October 2007 friendly match against Haiti.
International goals
Scores and results list Costa Rica's goal tally first.
Honours
Primera División de Costa Rica (5):
1999-00, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2004–05
Copa Interclubes UNCAF (2):
2002, 2005
CONCACAF Gold Cup Best XI: 2003
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
People from Alajuela
Association football defenders
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2001 Copa América players
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2003 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
L.D. Alajuelense footballers
FC Rubin Kazan players
FK Haugesund players
Puntarenas F.C. players
Brujas FC players
C.S. Herediano footballers
A.D. Carmelita footballers
Russian Premier League players
Norwegian First Division players
Liga FPD players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
Central American Games gold medalists for Costa Rica
Central American Games medalists in football
Ptolemy Slocum (born 20 November 1975) is an American actor, known for his role as Sylvester in Westworld.
Slocum was born in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. He was named after the Greek astronomer Claudius Ptolemy and has been active as an actor since 2003. He first starred in several short films, before his first film appearance in 2005, portraying Ron in Hitch. As a result, he began to take on guest roles in numerous well-known US series, such as The Sopranos, The Wire, Fringe, Burn Notice, How I Met Your Mother, Criminal Minds, Emergence and others.
Slocum has taken on more recurring roles, such as in Looking and Preacher. Since 2016, he has played the role of Sylvester in the science fiction series Westworld.
Slocum is an alumnus of the George Washington University and college comedy group receSs.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
People from Nairobi
21st-century American male actors
American people of Kenyan descent
Living people
1975 births
Măcin () is a town in Tulcea County, in the Northern Dobruja region of Romania.
Location
Măcin is located in the north-western part of the Northern Dobruja region, in Tulcea County. The city is located at the intersection of the DN22 (E87) and DN22D national roads. The DN22 road links it to the Romanian capital, Bucharest (230 km to the West, via Brăila) and to cities of Isaccea and Tulcea (to the East). The DN22D road connects Măcin through a southern route with Tulcea and Constanța. According to the 2011 census, the population numbered 7,666 inhabitants, composed of 91.46% Romanians, 4.8% Roma, 2.92% Turks and 0.37% Russian Lipovans.
History
The town is located on an ancient Celtic settlement, named Arrubium. It was included in the Getic polities of Rhemaxos and Zyraxes, then conquered by the Roman Empire, which stationed a cavalry unit in this place between 99 and 241 AD. The ruins of the old Roman fortifications can be seen today on the top of "Cetate" Hill. Part of the Bulgarian, Byzantine and later Ottoman Empire, it was included for some time in the Wallachian and Moldavian voivodates.
It was the site of the Battle of Măcin in 1791.
Economy
The main share of the local economy is taken by agriculture, especially animal husbandry, cereal growing and in less extent, fishing. The local industry is centered on surface mining, mainly extraction of granite rocks, from quarries situated on southern slopes of Măcin Mountains; textile and clothing manufacturing are also relatively well represented. A significant proportion of the area's population (especially women) is still involved in the textile industry. There is also a factory producing electrostatic air purifiers and ventilation systems.
Since the mid-2000s, the wine industry has grown in importance, with new vineyards being planted on Carcaliu Hill along the DJ222L road, six kilometers outside city limits to the southeast. The local wine producer sells on the national and foreign markets white and red wines with the "D.O.C." designation, "Controlled term of origin", from Sarica-Niculițel region.
Măcin has also an "inland port" on the Danube, operated by two local fixed cranes and sometimes depending on the freight fluxes, by additional floating cranes brought in from Brăila. The port has grain-handling and some warehousing facilities.
Tourism
Tourism development contributes to improving the attractiveness of the region and creates new jobs. Tourist destinations in the area include:
Măcin Mountains National Park;
Iacobdeal lake - Turcoaia area;
The Old Inn and the window of grinding (eighteenth century);
The Old Danube river arm – (Măcin arm);
"Izvorul Tămăduirii" - spring in the Măcin Mountains National Park;
Beech Valley Forest (natural botanical reserve) - Luncavita area;
Popina Blasova (nature reserve) in Balta Brăila;
Point Fossil Hill Bujoarele (geological reserve);
Arrubium fortress ruins;
Fortress Troesmis – Turcoaia;
Roman-Byzantine fortress Dinogeția;
Monastery of Măcin, with wooden interior;
Heroes Monument Măcin;
Memorial House “Panait Cerna” (from the village Cerna);
The houses with specific architecture Dobrogean (Luncavita, Văcăreni, Garvan and Jijila);
Website https://turism-macin.ro/
Education
Four kindergartens, one with prolonged activities program (No. 4).
Two primary schools:
"Nifon Bălășescu" school (ex "Școala generală nr. 1")
"Gheorghe Banea" school (ex "Școala generală nr. 2")
Vocational school. The school has been established since 1905, and according to Spiru Haret was "the most beautiful school from all over Dobrudja" in the period around World War I.
High school: "Gheorghe Munteanu-Murgoci"
"Cadastre and Cartography College" within Faculty of Geography, University of Bucharest.
Natives
Gabriel Caramarin (born 1977), footballer
Gheorghe Munteanu-Murgoci (1872–1925), geologist, corresponding member of the Romanian Academy
Maurice Samuel (1895–1972), novelist and translator
International relations
Twin towns — sister cities
Măcin is twinned with:
Blaye
References
External links
www.macin.ro
Towns in Romania
Roman towns and cities in Romania
Populated places in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Populated places on the Danube
Dacian towns
Celtic toponyms
Celtic towns
K. M. Adimoolam () (26 July 1938 – 15 January 2008) was an Indian abstract artist. He was born in 1938 in Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu. In 1959, he moved to Chennai where under the influence of the sculptor Dhanapal, he enrolled in the School of Arts and Crafts. After completing his Diploma in Advanced Painting in 1966, Adimoolam started a series of black and white portraits of Mahatma Gandhi. Sketching from photographs of the great man, he finished nearly a hundred drawings that moved over 60 years of the Mahatma's life.
He was associated with Modern Tamil Writer's Group since the mid-Sixties and did a number of illustrations, book covers, and layouts. A recipient of prestigious awards from Lalit Kala Akademi (Chennai), Chitrakala Parishat (Bangalore), Bombay Art Society, Hyderabad Art Society, Academy of Fine Arts (Kolkata), besides the National Award from Lalit Kala Akademi (New Delhi), Adimoolam also served as a jury member for the National Exhibition of Art, New Delhi, and Bombay Art Society's Annual All India Art Exhibition. He was the Commissioner for the Indian section in the Third Ankara Biennial at Turkey in 1990. The book, Between The Lines, carries his drawings done between 1962 and 1996.
He has also been involved in the Madras Art Movement, which emerged in the early 1960s under the leadership of K.C.S. Paniker.
Adimoolam died on 15 January 2008 in Chennai.
Adimoolam once said:
"Child or middle-aged man, my heart and mind are filled with nature, at every moment. It is a wonderful experience; this love and awe that provoke my ever creative and anxious mind to penetrate the reality that lies beyond our vista. Thus, my canvases mirror my mind's journey through Nature - not as realistic landscapes or seascapes but planes of colors creating an esoteric aura on a transcendental level. For two decades, my concept has been evolving unilaterally with mere technical innovation and a different exploitation of hues.”
External links
"K. M. Adimoolam Profile,Interview and Artworks"
References
1938 births
2008 deaths
20th-century Indian painters
Artists from Tiruchirappalli
Sandur State Council, also known as Praja Mandal, was the name of the lower house of the bicameral legislative council of Sandur State. It was representative in nature and was inaugurated on 20 April 1931 by the Raja of Sandur, Yeshwantrao Ghorpade through the Sandur State Council (Prajamandal) Act of 1931 with a total of 25 members, 21 of whom were elected and the rest, nominated. The upper house was called Durbar and consisted of the landed aristocracy.
References
Legislatures in Indian princely states
Daniel Hanslik (born 6 October 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
Club career
Youth career
Hanslik grew up in the northeast of Hesse and was trained in football from the age of four at the local clubs SV Unterhaun, SV Steinbach and JFV Bad Hersfeld, where he mainly played in defense. At Bad Hersfeld and Steinbach, Hanslik, who was initially used in midfield in addition to the attack, had his first experiences in the men's division in the sixth class Verbandsliga Hessen and in the Hessenliga. As a result, Hanslik even played for Arsenal, but was not signed for the club's youth teams.
First experiences in the Regionalliga
Scoring 33 goals in 64 competitive games for both clubs, VfL Wolfsburg became aware of the attacker and signed him in the summer of 2017. Hanslik's advisor at the time, Kujtim Mustafi, father of the German national player Shkodran Mustafi, arranged the contact to the club. There, Hanslik trained more often with the professionals during the international or winter breaks, but was only used in the Regionalliga team. Here, Hanslik continued to prove his scoring threat and scored 30 goals in 52 competitive games. He was able to net three times in the two relegation games to the 3. Liga against FC Bayern Munich II in spring 2019.
Career jump into the 2. Bundesliga
The next step in his career followed for the striker, when he was signed by the 2. Bundesliga club Holstein Kiel for three years in March 2019. In the 1–1 draw against FC Erzgebirge Aue on 1 September 2019, 22-year old Hanslik was in the starting line-up, making it his first time in professional football.
During the winter break, Kiel loaned the attacker to 3. Liga club FC Hansa Rostock until the end of the season. During the second half of the season, Hanslik made 17 appearances (three goals) in Rostock and one in the 2019–20 Verbandspokal.
On 5 October 2020, Hanslik was loaned out again, this time to fellow 3. Liga club 1. FC Kaiserslautern until the end of the 2020–21 season. Hanslik scored the winning goal for Kaiserslautern in their promotion playoff against Dynamo Dresden, helping the team to earn promotion to the 2. Bundesliga for the first time since 2018.
Career statistics
References
Living people
1996 births
Association football forwards
German footballers
VfL Wolfsburg II players
Holstein Kiel II players
Holstein Kiel players
FC Hansa Rostock players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
People from Bad Hersfeld
Sportspeople from Kassel (region)
Footballers from Hesse
NTTR may refer to:
Nevada Test and Training Range, a USAF military region that began as the Tonopah Bombing Range
Nevada Test and Training Range (military unit), the former USAF wing which is responsible for the Nevada range
Raiatea Airport, in French Polynesia
C. carnea may refer to:
Caladenia carnea, a terrestrial orchid
Calocybe carnea, a pink-capped mushroom
Canna carnea, a garden plant
Chromodoris carnea, a sea slug
Chrysoperla carnea, a common lacewing
Columbella carnea, a sea snail
Conferva carnea, a red alga
Corynactis carnea, a colonial anthozoan
Cypraea carnea, a sea snail
The Czech Republic national under-17 football team is the national under-17 football team of the Czech Republic and is governed by the Football Association of the Czech Republic. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-17 Championship, held every year. As of June 2011, their biggest achievement is second place in the 2000 UEFA European Under-16 Championship and the 2006 UEFA European Under-17 Championship.
Competitive record
FIFA U-17 World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided by penalty shoot-out.
**Gold background colour indicates that the tournament was won. Red border colour indicates tournament was held on home soil.
UEFA European Under-16 and Under-17 Football Championship
Under-16 era
*Draws include knockout matches decided by penalty shoot-out.
**Gold background colour indicates that the tournament was won. Red border colour indicates tournament was held on home soil.
Under-17 era
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center; width:30em;"
! Edition !! Round !!style="width:2em;"| MP !!style="width:2em;"| W !!style="width:2em;"| D* !!style="width:2em;"| L !!style="width:2em;"| GF !!style="width:2em;"| GA
|-
| 2002 || Group stage || 3 || 1 || 0 || 2 || 5 || 9
|-
| 2003 || rowspan=3 colspan=7|Did not qualify
|-
| 2004
|-
| 2005
|-bgcolor=silver
| 2006 || Runners-up || 5 || 3 || 2 || 0 || 9 || 4
|-
| 2007 || rowspan=3 colspan=7|Did not qualify
|-
| 2008
|-
| 2009
|-
| 2010 || Group stage || 3 || 0 || 2 || 1 || 2 || 4
|-
| 2011 || Group stage || 3 || 0 || 3 || 0 || 2 || 2
|-
| 2012 ||rowspan=3 colspan=7|Did not qualify
|-
| 2013
|-
| 2014
|-
| 2015 || Group stage || 3 || 1 || 0 || 2 || 1 || 7
|-
| 2016 || rowspan=3 colspan=7|Did not qualify
|-
| 2017
|-
| 2018
|-
| 2019 || Group stage || 3 || 0 || 3 || 0 || 3 || 3
|-
| 2020||rowspan=2 colspan=8|Cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic|-
| 2021
|-
| 2022 ||colspan=7| Did not qualify|-
| 2023||rowspan=2 colspan=8|to be determined|-
| 2024
|-
|}*Draws include knockout matches decided by penalty shoot-out.**Gold background colour indicates that the tournament was won. Red border colour indicates tournament was held on home soil. Players
Leading Appearances
Note: Players in bold are still eligible to play for the team at the moment.Statistics correct at 10 March 2013.Leading Goalscorers
Note: Players in bold are still eligible to play for the team at the moment.Statistics correct at 10 March 2013.''
Players
Head coach: Václav Černý
Source:
See also
Czech Republic national football team
Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Czech Republic national under-19 football team
Czech Republic national under-18 football team
References
under-17
European national under-17 association football teams
Youth football in the Czech Republic
Giovanni Invernizzi (; 26 August 1931 – 28 February 2005) was an Italian professional football player and coach, who played as a midfielder.
Honours
Manager
Inter Milan
Serie A: 1970–71
External links
1931 births
2005 deaths
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Association football midfielders
Italy international footballers
Inter Milan players
Genoa C.F.C. players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Udinese Calcio players
Torino F.C. players
Venezia F.C. players
Como 1907 players
Italian football managers
Inter Milan managers
Czortowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 109.
References
Czortowice
Vilkij () may refer to:
Vilkij District
Vilkij-e Jonubi Rural District
Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District
Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District
Cidaria fulvata, the barred yellow, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species is found The species is widespread in the Palearctic, in the west from Spain and France to the British Isles, in the east to the Central Asian mountains, to the Amur and to Kamchatka, in the south of Italy via the Balkan countries, Asia Minor, the Caucasus, the Caspian region as far as the Pamir Mountains and northern India as well as in the north as far as Fennoscandia. The habitats include rocky slopes, heaths and wasteland as well as gardens and parks.
The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The forewing have yellow or ochre ground colour. There is a wide rust cross band which is traversed by violet-gray. This is jagged towards the margin and has thin cream line edges, connected along the costa to a triangular cream stain at the apex. The hindwings are plain whitish yellow. The larva is rather long and slender with 2 well developed anal points, bluer green dorsally, yellower green ventrally, with yellow lateral line. The head is rather small and the prothorax slightly swollen. The pupa spun by a few threads among leaves is bright yellow green, wings more grass-green.The dorsal line is scarcely darkened and there is a whitish subdorsal. The cremaster is reddish.
The moths fly from June to July. The species prefers woodland, chalk downland and scrubland.
The larvae feed on dog rose.
References
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Barred yellow on UKmoths
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Cidariini
Moths described in 1771
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Johann Reinhold Forster
The Rise mP6 was a superpipelined and superscalar microprocessor designed by Rise Technology to compete with the Intel Pentium line.
History
Rise Technology had spent 5 years developing a x86 compatible microprocessor, and finally introduced it in November 1998 as a low-cost, low-power alternative for the Super Socket 7 platform, that allowed for higher Front-side bus speeds than the previous Socket 7 and that made it possible for other CPU manufacturers to keep competing against Intel, that had moved to the Slot 1 platform.
Design
The mP6 made use of the MMX instruction set and had three MMX pipelines which allowed the CPU to execute up to three MMX instructions in a single cycle. Its three integer units made it possible to execute three integer instructions in a single cycle as well and the fully pipelined floating point unit could execute up to two floating-point instructions per cycle. To further improve the performance the core utilized branch prediction and a number of techniques to resolve data dependency conflicts.
According to Rise, the mP6 should perform almost as fast as Intel Pentium II at the same frequencies.
Performance
Despite its innovative features, the real-life performance of the mP6 proved disappointing. This was mainly due to the small L1 Cache. Another reason was that the Rise mP6's PR 266 rating was based upon the old Intel Pentium MMX, while its main competitors were the Intel Celeron 266, the IDT WinChip 2-266 and the AMD K6-2 266, that all delivered more performance in most benchmarks and applications. The Celeron and the K6-2 actually worked at 266 MHz, and the WinChip 2's PR rating was based upon the performance of its AMD opponent.
Use
Announced in 1998, the chip never achieved widespread use, and Rise quietly exited the market in December of the following year.
Like competitors Cyrix and IDT, Rise found it was unable to compete with Intel and AMD.
Legacy
Silicon Integrated Systems (SiS) licensed the mP6 technology, and used it in the SiS 550, a system-on-a-chip (SoC) that integrated the mP6 CPU, the north and south bridges, and sound and video on a single chip. The SiS 550 saw use in some compact PCs and in consumer devices, such as DVD players. The SiS 551 chip was also marketed by DM&P as Vortex86 (M6127D).
Later DM&P took over mP6 design from SiS and continues development under Vortex86 SoC product line.
DM&P further signed an agreement with Xcore to allow them to rebrand the chip as Xcore86.
mP6 data
References
External links
CPU-INFO: Rise MP6, indepth processor history
mP6
The Rise of the Vortex86: Embedded x86 Processors
Superscalar microprocessors
Rise
Charles Eliot Norton (November 16, 1827 – October 21, 1908) was an American author, social critic, and professor of art based in New England. He was a progressive social reformer and a liberal activist whom many of his contemporaries considered the most cultivated man in the United States. He was from the same notable Eliot family as the 20th-century poet T. S. Eliot, who made his career in the United Kingdom.
Early life
Norton was born in 1827 at Cambridge, Massachusetts. His father, Andrews Norton (1786–1853), was a Unitarian theologian, and Dexter professor of sacred literature at Harvard; his mother was Catherine Eliot, a daughter of the merchant Samuel Eliot. Charles William Eliot, president of Harvard, was his cousin. Norton graduated from Harvard in 1846, where he was a member of the Hasty Pudding, and started in business with an East Indian trading firm in Boston, travelling to India in 1849.
After a tour in Europe, where he was influenced by John Ruskin and pre-Raphaelite painters, he returned to Boston in 1851, and devoted himself to literature and art. He translated Dante's Vita Nuova (1860 and 1867) and the Divina Commedia (1891-91-92, 3 vols, 1902 being the publication year of Norton's thorough final edit). He worked tirelessly as secretary to the Loyal Publication Society during the Civil War, communicating with newspaper editors across the country. These included journalist Jonathan Baxter Harrison, who became a lifelong friend.
From 1864 to 1868, he edited the highly influential magazine North American Review, in association with James Russell Lowell. In 1861 he and Lowell had helped Henry Wadsworth Longfellow in his translation of Dante and in the starting of the informal Dante Club.
Marriage and family life
In 1862 Norton, at the age of 35, married 24-year-old Susan Ridley Sedgwick (21 February 1838 – 17 February 1872), daughter of Theodore Sedgwick III and Sara Morgan Ashburner. They had six children together: Eliot (1863), Sarah (1864), Elizabeth (1866), Rupert (1867), Margaret (1870) and Richard (1872). Susan died at age thirty-three in Dresden, Germany, following the birth of their sixth child.
Concept of Western civilization
According to , "Probably only someone with Norton's experiences and scholarly range – who had written about the Mound Builders, roamed India, organized classical archaeology, scoured medieval archives, published nineteenth-century painting – could have concocted Western Civilization. And only then if he had filtered these materials through the sieve of college teaching during years of curricular anarchy. For Western civilization had a scholarly and pedagogical specificity about it."
Travel and friendships
From 1855 to 1874 Norton spent much time in travel and residence on the continent of Europe and in England. During this period, he began friendships with Thomas Carlyle, John Ruskin, Edward FitzGerald and Leslie Stephen, an intimacy which did much to bring American and English men of letters into close personal relation.
Another friend was John Lockwood Kipling, father of Rudyard Kipling. Father and son visited Norton in Boston; the younger Kipling recalled the visit years later in his autobiography:
Norton was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1860. He began teaching at Harvard in 1874. In 1875, he was appointed professor of the history of art at Harvard, a chair which was created for him and which he held until retirement in 1898. He "centered his teaching upon the golden ages of art history -- classical Athens, the Italian Gothic style of Venetian architecture, and the Florence of the early Renaissance."
The Archaeological Institute of America chose him as its first president (1879–1890).
Norton had a peculiar genius for friendship. He is notable for his personal influence rather than for his literary productions. In 1881 he inaugurated the Dante Society, whose first presidents were Longfellow, Lowell, and Norton himself. From 1882 onward he confined himself to the study of Dante, his professorial duties, and the editing and publication of the literary memorials of many of his friends.
In 1883 he published the Letters of Carlyle and Emerson; in 1886, 1887 and 1888, Carlyle's Letters and Reminiscences; in 1894, the Orations and Addresses of George William Curtis and the Letters of Lowell. Norton was appointed as Ruskin's literary executor, and he wrote various introductions for the American "Brantwood" edition of Ruskin's works.
His other publications include Notes of Travel and Study in Italy (1859), and an Historical Study of Church-building in the Middle Ages: Venice, Siena, Florence (1880). He organized exhibitions of the drawings of Turner (1874) and of Ruskin (1879), for which he compiled the catalogues. In 1886, he opposed the opening of a "drinking saloon" on the main street near his home, in a letter which reveals little empathy for, or understanding of the significance of, Irish immigration to Cambridge in that era. Like his friend Ruskin, Norton believed one of the best things one could do for working-class people was to give them opportunities to gain satisfaction by engaging in workmanship, as opposed to monotonous routine labor where they have to work like machines. T. J. Jackson Lears has described Norton as the foremost American proponent of the Arts and Crafts movement. Norton was a founding member of The Society of Arts and Crafts of Boston.
Later years
In 1881 he helped found the American School of Classical Studies in Athens. During the first years of the twentieth century, Norton spoke out in favor of legalized euthanasia. He lent his name to a movement led by Ohio socialite Anna S. Hall to pass physician-assisted suicide legislation in Ohio and Iowa.
Norton died at "Shady Hill," the house where he had been born, on October 21, 1908, and was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Legacy
Norton was widely admired for the breadth of his intellectual interests, remarkable scholarship and interest in the common good. He was awarded the honorary degrees of Litt.D. (Cambridge) and D.C.L. (Oxford), as well as the L.H.D. from Columbia and the LL.D. from both Harvard and Yale. One of his many students at Harvard was James Loeb, who in 1907 created the "Charles Eliot Norton Memorial Lectureship" in archaeology. The Charles Eliot Norton Lectures are given annually by distinguished professors at Harvard. Norton bequeathed the more valuable portion of his library to Harvard.
References
Sources
Dowling, Linda. Charles Eliot Norton: The Art of Reform in Nineteenth-Century America. (University of New Hampshire Press, 2007) 245pp .
Sullivan, Mark W. "Charles Eliot Norton", in Tiffany K. Wayne, ed., Ralph Waldo Emerson: A Critical Companion (Facts on File, 2010).
Turner, James C. The Liberal Education of Charles Eliot Norton. (Johns Hopkins University Press, 1999)
Verduin, Kathleen, "The Medievalism of Charles Eliot Norton," in: Cahier Calin: Makers of the Middle Ages. Essays in Honor of William Calin , ed. Richard Utz and Elizabeth Emery (Kalamazoo, MI: Studies in Medievalism, 2011), pp. 59–61.
External links
Charles Eliot Norton Papers at Houghton Library, Harvard University
Guide to Charles Eliot Norton. Correspondence 1891-1908 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
1827 births
1908 deaths
Harvard University faculty
Eliot family (America)
Euthanasia in the United States
American art historians
American magazine editors
American translators
American non-fiction writers
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Translators of Dante Alighieri
Burials at Mount Auburn Cemetery
American social reformers
Hasty Pudding alumni
Male non-fiction writers
Presidents of the Archaeological Institute of America
Ellen Whitaker (born 5 March 1986) is an English show jumping rider, currently ranked 191 on the FEI riders Longines Ranking list in July 2022.
Career
Competing since the age of 5, Whitaker has had much experience in the equestrian world and qualified for HOYS at just 8 years old.
In 2006, Whitaker and her father Steven Whitaker were hit with a legal dispute over ownership of thirteen horses, including her top horse Locarno. However, a few months later a peace deal was made.
In 2007, Whitaker represented Great Britain in the European Championships and helped allow Britain to qualify for the Olympics after jumping triple clear. She missed out on being selected for the 2008 Beijing Olympics due to lameness in horse Locarno 62.
In 2010, Whitaker spoke to the press after refusing to jump for the British team due to a conflict with the British team manager, Rob Hoekstra. She told Horse & Hound: "I only have Ocolado at the moment and Rob wanted to interfere with the way I do everything." Her father and manager Steven Whitaker added: "It's not a matter of Ellen not wanting to jump for her country, but we won't jump again until Rob Hoekstra is finished." But British Equestrian Federation World Class performance director Will Connell said: "The riders wanted stronger management and leadership and that's what Rob is delivering." Hoekstra did not wish to comment, saying: "I do not think team issues are best resolved through the press."
Personal life
She is the daughter of former show jumper Stephen Whitaker and his wife Carol, and niece of riders John and Michael Whitaker. Her brothers Joe, Thomas, and Donald, as well as her cousins Robert, William, Louise, Joanne, George, James, and Jack are also show jumpers.
She lives on the family farm near Barnsley, South Yorkshire, and attended Penistone Grammar School.
On 19 September 2011, Whitaker pleaded guilty to driving under the influence. Whitaker was stopped by local Police in Knutsford Town Centre, Cheshire at 2 am after she attended a charity ball. A roadside breath test proved positive and she was taken to a police station where her lowest reading was 77 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath – more than double the legal limit of 35.
She was engaged to British actor Henry Cavill from 2011 until 2012.
Whitaker's son, Harry Marinas Whitaker, by her partner, Spanish showjumper Antonio Marinas Soto, was born on 17 May 2014.
Whitaker and Soto's second child, Frankie Thomas Marinas- Whitaker, was born on 20 March 2016.
On 5 August 2016, Whitaker and Soto announced their engagement.
Horses
Current
Arena UK Winston (born 2009), ISH, Stallion, sired by: waldo, damsire: Hamilton Tropics Owner: Ellen Whitaker
Irorko VD Brouwershoeve (born 2008), Belgian Warmblood, Gelding, sire: Canturano, dam: Artemis, Owners: Jose Bono Rodríguez & Club Hipico Fierro
Luibanta BH (born 2008), ISH, Stallion, sire: Luidam, Dam Sire: Abantos Owner: Gochman Sport Horse LLC
Virginia (born 2005), Mare, sire: Centauer Z, dam: Bella Madona, Owners: Haudani Consulting S.L
“Spacecake” (born 2012), Mare, sire Stakkatol, Dam Sire: Kannan. Owner: Tilly Shaw
“Conshira Blue PS” (born 2013), Mare, sire Conthargos, Dam Sire: Chacco-Blue. Owner: Tilly Shaw
Former show horses
Magic Mal
Miami Bound
Savy Mill
Lawyer
Great Love
Kanselier (born 1992), Dutch Warmblood, gelding, sired by: Notaris, damsire: Nimmerdor
Locarno 62 (born 1996), Holsteiner horse, Stallion, sire Lord Calidos, damsire: Romino, Owners: Dawn Makin & Steven Whitaker
Equimax Ocolado (born 1996), Dutch Warmblood, Gelding, sire: Habsburg, damsire: Calvados, Owners: Dawn Makin & Steven Whitaker
Ladina B (born 1997), Württemberger, Mare
Royal Rose (born 1998), Dutch Warmblood, Stallion, sire: Calvados, Owner: Steven Whitaker
Ximena (born 2001), Mare, sire: Irco Mena 763, damsire: Hertigen, Owners: Dawn Makin & Steven Whitaker
Arena UK Lando (born 2002), Oldenburg horse, Gelding, sire: Landor S, damsire: Lord, Owner: Norman Orly
Successes
European Junior Championships:
2003, San Remo: Rank 2 (Team)
European Championships:
2007, Mannheim: Rank 3 (Team)
Among many others, some of her achievements are:
Winning the 2010 British Open Show Jumping Championships
Winning the 2010 Hickstead Speed Derby
Winning the 2009 HOYS show jumper of the year Grand Prix and show jumper of the show
Winning the HOYS speed stakes in 2006, 2008 and 2009
Winning the HOYS 2009 Puissance
Winning the 2007 Hickstead Speed Derby
Video Game
Koch Media launched Ellen Whitaker's Horse Life video game for PC, Nintendo DS and Wii.
References
External links
Team GBR Rider History for Miss E C Whitaker
Living people
1986 births
English female equestrians
British show jumping riders
People educated at Penistone Grammar School
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
Maliniec may refer to the following places:
Maliniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Maliniec, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Maliniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Shoaib Mir Memon is a retired Pakistani civil servant who served in BPS-22 grade as the Education Secretary of Pakistan and Chief Secretary Balochistan. Memon belongs to the Pakistan Administrative Service and was promoted to the rank of Federal Secretary in December 2017. Hailing from Sindh, he has also served as chairman of State Life and Additional Secretary Establishment Division.
Memon attained a degree of MBBS and is also a Certified Director from Pakistan Institute of Corporate Governance.
Career
Memon has held various key positions throughout his career with the most notable of his assignments being Chief Secretary Balochistan and Education Secretary of Pakistan. He has also served as chairman of State Life Insurance Corporation of Pakistan. Other positions where he has served include Additional Secretary Establishment Division and as Principal Secretary to Governor of Balochistan.
Memon belongs to the 15th CTP and is batchmates with Maroof Afzal, Iqbal Hussain Durrani, Rizwan Ahmed, Fawad Hassan Fawad and Allah Dino Khawaja. After retirement from active civil service, Memon was made member of the prestigious Federal Public Service Commission.
References
See also
Government of Pakistan
Pakistan Administrative Service
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pakistani civil servants
Government of Pakistan
Pakistani government officials
The 2015 BRD Năstase Țiriac Trophy was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at Arenele BNR in Bucharest, Romania, from 20 to 26 April 2015. It was the 23rd edition of the BRD Năstase Țiriac Trophy tournament, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 Series of the 2015 ATP World Tour.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of April 13, 2015.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Marius Copil
Gaël Monfils
Janko Tipsarević
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Thomas Fabbiano
Lorenzo Giustino
Nikola Mektić
Jürgen Zopp
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Carlos Berlocq →replaced by Andrey Golubev
Sam Querrey →replaced by Daniel Gimeno Traver
Andreas Seppi →replaced by Malek Jaziri
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of April 13, 2015.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Marius Copil / Adrian Ungur
Patrick Grigoriu / Costin Pavăl
The following pairs received entry as alternates:
Andrey Golubev / Denis Istomin
Dušan Lajović / Diego Schwartzman
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Marcos Baghdatis (lower back injury)
Horia Tecău (right forearm injury)
Viktor Troicki (lower back injury)
Retirements
Steve Darcis (wrist injury)
Finals
Singles
Guillermo García López defeated Jiří Veselý, 7–6(7–5), 7–6(13–11)
Doubles
Marius Copil / Adrian Ungur defeated Nicholas Monroe / Artem Sitak, 3–6, 7–5, [17–15]
References
External links
Official website
BRD Nastase Tiriac Trophy
Romanian Open
BRD Nastase Tiriac Trophy
April 2015 sports events in Europe
John Aloysius Mone (22 June 1929 – 14 October 2016) was the third Roman Catholic Bishop of Paisley.
Early life
John Mone was fourth of the six children of Arthur Mone and Elizabeth Dunn. Born in Glasgow, he was raised in the Crosshill district.
Priesthood
After studies with the Sulpicians at Issy-les-Moulineaux, France and at the rue du Regard and the Institut Catholique in Paris he was ordained to the priesthood on 12 June 1952. Thereafter he served as curate for twenty two years at St Ninian's in Knightswood and for five years at Our Lady and St George in Penilee. In 1979 he was made parish priest of St Joseph's Tollcross.
Episcopate
On 24 April 1984 he was created auxiliary bishop of Glasgow and titular Bishop of Abercornia by Pope John Paul II and was consecrated by Thomas Winning, Archbishop of Glasgow, at Holy Cross Church in Glasgow, the church where he had been baptised. He was translated to the see of Paisley on 8 March 1988 to succeed Stephen McGill and was installed as its bishop at St Mirin's Cathedral in Paisley on 14 May 1988. Mone served as ordinary of the diocese until his retirement on 7 October 2004.
During his episcopate and in retirement he frequently criticised the Dungavel Detention Centre, a holding unit for asylum seekers.
His motto was To Lead in Love.
Bishop Mone died at the Holy Rosary Home in Greenock on 14 October 2016.
References
External links
Dungavel unit closure demanded. BBC News, 16 July 2003.
Scottish Catholic Media Office
1929 births
2016 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Scotland
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Scotland
Clergy from Glasgow
People from Renfrewshire
Roman Catholic bishops of Paisley
Scottish Roman Catholic bishops
The 1959 United Kingdom general election was held on Thursday, 8 October 1959. It marked a third consecutive victory for the ruling Conservative Party, now led by Harold Macmillan. For the second time in a row, the Conservatives increased their overall majority in Parliament, this time to a landslide majority of 100 seats, having gained 20 seats for a return of 365. The Labour Party, led by Hugh Gaitskell, lost 19 seats and returned 258. The Liberal Party, led by Jo Grimond, again returned only six MPs to the House of Commons, but managed to increase its overall share of the vote to 5.9%, compared to just 2.7% four years earlier.
The Conservatives won the largest number of votes in Scotland, but narrowly failed to win the most seats in that country. They have not made either achievement ever since. Both Jeremy Thorpe, a future Liberal leader, and Margaret Thatcher, a future Conservative leader and eventually Prime Minister, first entered the House of Commons after this election.
Background
After the Suez Crisis in 1956, Anthony Eden, the Conservative Prime Minister, became unpopular. He resigned early in 1957, and was succeeded by Chancellor of the Exchequer Harold Macmillan. At that point, the Labour Party, whose leader Hugh Gaitskell had succeeded Clement Attlee after the 1955 general election, enjoyed large leads in opinion polls over the Conservative Party, and it looked as if Labour would win.
The Liberal Party also had a new leader, Jo Grimond, so all three parties contested the election with a new leader at the helm.
However, the Conservatives enjoyed an upturn in fortunes as the economy quickly recovered from the Recession of 1958 under Macmillan's leadership, and his personal approval ratings remained high. At the same time, the Labour Party's popularity suffered due to the rise of industrial disputes in the 1950s and controversies over the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. By September 1958, the Conservatives had moved ahead of Labour in the opinion polls. Parliament was dissolved on 18 September 1959.
Campaign
All the three main parties had changed leadership since the previous election. The Conservatives fought under the slogan "Life is better with the Conservatives, don't let Labour ruin it" and were boosted by a pre-election economic boom. Macmillan very effectively "summed up" the mood of the British public when he said that most of the people had "never had it so good". Macmillan was very popular, and was described as a politician of the centre ground; in the 1930s he had represented a constituency in northern England (Stockton-on-Tees), which had experienced large-scale unemployment and poverty during the Great Depression. The first week of polling put the Conservatives ahead of Labour by over 5%, but this narrowed as the campaign continued. The Labour Party fought a generally effective campaign, with television broadcasts masterminded by Tony Benn under the umbrella of their manifesto entitled Britain Belongs to You, which accused the Conservatives of complacency over the growing gap between rich and poor. Labour's manifesto pledged to reverse reductions in welfare benefits, pensions, and National Health Service expenditure; renationalize the steel industry and road haulage; reform secondary education; expand consumer protections; and create the Welsh Office. It notably promised against fully nationalizing industries which were performing efficiently and profitably, pivoting away from its earlier emphasis on socialism towards welfare capitalism. Hugh Gaitskell made a mistake in declaring that a Labour government would not raise taxes if it came to power—even though the Labour manifesto contained pledges to increase spending; especially to increase pensions. Although Gaitskell argued revenue would be provided by economic growth, led some voters to doubt Labour's spending plans, and is usually cited as a key reason for their defeat.
Results
Early on during election night, it became clear that the Conservative Party had been returned to government with an increased majority, performing better than it had been expected to. For the fourth general election in a row, the Conservatives increased their number of seats, despite experiencing a slight decrease in their share of the vote. However, there were swings to Labour in parts of north-west England, and in Scotland; where Scottish Labour had overtaken the Conservative-aligned Unionist Party as the largest single party in terms of seats, despite winning a slightly smaller share of the vote, thanks to overturning narrow majorities in several constituencies. Future Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was elected to the House of Commons for the first time as the MP for Finchley, where she would represent until her retirement from politics 33 years later at the 1992 general election.
For Labour, the result was disappointing; despite appearing more united than they had in recent years under Gaitskell's leadership, the party suffered a third consecutive defeat. James Callaghan believed that the Conservatives increased their majority in part because working-class Labour voters were still angry at the party for opposing the Suez conflict. Many of both the Labour Party's supporters and opponents, including Prime Minister Macmillan himself, also blamed the Gaitskellite leadership for spending more time preparing to form a government with the assumption that they would win the election than actually campaigning or offering criticism of the Conservative Party's leadership. Political scientists Mark Abrams and Richard Rose blamed Labour's electoral losses from 1959 onwards on an "embourgeoisement" in which British voters identified increasingly with the middle class, leaving Labour's appeals to the working class less effective. Another key factor was the decline of support of younger voters after 1955, although older voters over the age of 65 increased support for the party in 1959 because of its pledges to expand pensions.
While the Liberal Party earned more than twice as many votes compared to the previous general election, this was largely the result of them nominating nearly double the number of candidates that they did four years prior; their average number of votes-per-candidate only slightly improved. Future Liberal Party Leader Jeremy Thorpe was elected to Parliament for the first time, as the MP for North Devon.
The Daily Mirror, despite being a staunch supporter of the Labour Party, wished Macmillan "good luck" on its front page following his election victory.
The BBC Television Service's election coverage, presented by Richard Dimbleby, was shown on BBC Parliament on 9 October 2009 to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the election and again on 9 October 2019 to mark the sixtieth anniversary.
The 1959 general election was the first election to be covered by commercial television in the United Kingdom. The ITV network provided election night coverage from the studios of Independent Television News (ITN) in London, with ITV given permission by the Independent Television Authority to use all of the ITV companies on air in 1959 for election links to the main studio in London. Ian Trethowan was the presenter for the ITV coverage.
|-
|+ style="caption-side: bottom; font-weight:normal" |All parties shown.
|}
Votes summary
Seat summary
Transfers of seats
All comparisons are with the 1955 election.
In some cases the change is due to the MP defecting to the gaining party. Such circumstances are marked with a *.
In other circumstances the change is due to the seat having been won by the gaining party in a by-election in the intervening years, and then retained in 1959. Such circumstances are marked with a †.
1 Sinn Féin winner in 1955 overturned on petition. The second-placed Ulster Unionist candidate was also overturned, by resolution of the House; eventually the 1956 by-election was held, which returned an Independent Unionist. This candidate later defected to the Ulster Unionists.
2 Sinn Féin winner in 1955 overturned on petition for criminal conviction. The second-placed candidate, an Ulster Unionist, was awarded the seat. He retained it in 1959.
3 Seats had been won by the Liberals in a 1958 by-election.
See also
List of MPs elected in the 1959 United Kingdom general election
List of MPs for constituencies in Scotland (1959–1964)
1959 United Kingdom general election in Northern Ireland
Notes
References
Sources
External links
United Kingdom election results—summary results 1885–1979
Manifestos
The Next Five Years, 1959 Conservative Party manifesto
Britain Belongs to You: The Labour Party's Policy for Consideration by the British People, 1959 Labour Party manifesto
People Count, 1959 Liberal Party manifesto
1959
General election
General election
Here on Earth is a 2000 American romantic drama film directed by Mark Piznarski from a screenplay by Michael Seitzman. The film stars Chris Klein, Leelee Sobieski, and Josh Hartnett. The original music score was composed by Kelly Jones and Andrea Morricone.
The single from the film Where You Are by Jessica Simpson & Nick Lachey reached 22 at the US Mainstream Top 40.
Plot
Kelvin "Kelley" Morse and Jasper Arnold become involved in a car race and accidentally damage Mable's Table, a restaurant owned by Samantha Cavanaugh's parents. Both are sentenced to perform community service by repairing the damage. Although Kelley comes from a wealthy family and Jasper's parents are working-class, they soon find themselves fighting over the same girl, Samantha. While Jasper and Samantha have been dating publicly for years, in secret, Kelley and Samantha begin to spend time together. They soon find that they have more in common than they imagined, and they fall in love. Eventually, Jasper learns of their interlude and doesn't like it. During a trip to Kelley's home in Boston, Kelley reveals to Samantha that his mother killed herself. Samantha brings Kelley into the house and they sleep together. In the morning, after Sam makes Kelley breakfast, Kelley's father arrives and informs him he must attend college early and give up his fling with Samantha. Upon returning to the small town, Samantha's parents soon learn that their daughter's osteosarcoma has relapsed, which was initially discovered after a track injury, and now has only a few months to live. Samantha tells Kelley that she thinks everyone has their own heaven and it is made of a combination of all the things we loved in life. She says that his mother has Kelley with her in her heaven. When Kelley learns the awful truth about Samantha, he must decide if he should obey his father's wishes and go to college or stay by the side of the first girl he's ever loved. Kelley and Jasper finished rebuilding the diner and their probation is up. In the end he returns to be with Samantha during her final months of life. At her funeral, Kelley recites a passage from a poem he and Sam loved. The film closes with a shot of Samantha running through a field in her version of heaven.
Cast
Reception
Box office
The film opened at #5 at the North American box office, making 4.5 million in its opening weekend.
Critical response
Here on Earth received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 17% based on reviews from 69 critics. The website's critics consensus reads: "Critics say Here on Earths weakness comes from its script. The story may appeal to young teenage girls, but it suffers from being overly sentimental and formulaic. The cinematography, however, is lovely in how it captures its Minnesota setting." On Metacritic the film has a score of 25% based on reviews from 24 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle praised Leelee Sobieski for her performance.
Roger Ebert criticized the film for its sentimentality.
Paul Cullum of L.A. Weekly called the film "Complete and utter horseshit."
Soundtrack
The single Where You Are by Jessica Simpson & Nick Lachey reached 22 at the US Mainstream Top 40.
"Black Balloon" by Goo Goo Dolls and "Breakout" by Foo Fighters are played during the film, but do not appear on the soundtrack album.
References
External links
2000 films
2000 romantic drama films
2000s teen romance films
American romantic drama films
American teen romance films
Films shot in Minnesota
2000s English-language films
20th Century Fox films
2000 directorial debut films
2000s American films
The Ichvuveyem (, also: Ичувеем Ichuveyem) is a stream in Far East Siberia flowing in a roughly westward direction. Its valley marks the southern limit of the Shelag Range. The Ichvuveyem is long, and has a drainage basin of . It passes through the sparsely populated areas of the Siberian tundra and flows into the East Siberian Sea at the Chaunskaya Bay. Its mouth is in a low, marshy area to the NE of the mouth of the Chaun.
The Ichvuveyem and its basin belong to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia.
References
External links
http://worldmaps.web.infoseek.co.jp/russia_guide.htm
Location
Tourism and environment
Rivers of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug
Drainage basins of the East Siberian Sea
was a after Manju and before Chōryaku. This period spanned the years from July 1028 through April 1037. The reigning emperors were and .
Change of era
1028 : The new era name Chōgen was created to mark and event or series of events. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in Manju 5, on the 25th day of the 7th month.
Events of the Chōgen era
Chōgen 9, on the 17th day of the 4th month (1036): In the 9th year of Emperor Go-Ichijō's reign (後一条天皇9年), he died; and the succession (senso) was received by his son.
Chōgen 9, in the 7th month (1036): Emperor Go-Suzaku is said to have acceded to the throne (sokui).
Notes
References
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ; OCLC 251325323
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Odai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 6042764
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
Bouchegouf is a town and commune in Guelma Province, Algeria. According to the 1998 census it has a population of 14,979.
References
Communes of Guelma Province
Charlotte Samuels (born November 28, 1998) is an American swimmer. She is believed to be the youngest person to complete the 17.5-mile Ederle Swim from New York City's Battery Park to Sandy Hook, New Jersey, which she did at age 15 in 2013. She finished the swim in 5:38:41. She was featured in Sports Illustrated for this accomplishment.
Samuels began competitive swimming with the Ridgewood Breakers when she was six. In 2013, she switched to the Bergen Barracudas. In 2010, she competed in an open-water championship in the National Harbor on the Potomac River, and in 2011 she competed in the Liberty Island Swim, a 1.2 kilometer counterclockwise swim around the Statue of Liberty. Also in 2011, Samuels won first place in the Brooklyn Bridge swim, which was across the East River starting from a pebble beach at Brooklyn Bridge Park and continuing to the Manhattan side. In 2013, she competed in the Manhattan Island Marathon Swim (though it was cut short when the swimmers missed hitting the forward currents ahead of them in the Hudson River, and could not swim any further) and also competed in the inaugural 15.1-mile (24.3 km) Cape Circumnavigation Challenge around Cape May, New Jersey.
References
External links
NYC Swim Bio
American female swimmers
1998 births
Living people
21st-century American women
The Priesthood Restoration Site, formally known as the Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Site, is a historic site located in Oakland Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. Due to its historical significance to Mormonism, the site is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The site comprises property once owned, and lived on, by Joseph Smith and is the spot where Latter Day Saints believe the resurrected John the Baptist conferred the Aaronic priesthood upon Smith and Oliver Cowdery in 1829. In September 2015, the church dedicated the site, which includes a visitors' center and meetinghouse, monuments, and the reconstructed homes of Smith and the Hale family.
History
In December 1827, Smith and his wife, Emma, moved to the area, hoping to escape persecution experienced in Palmyra, New York. After arriving, the Smiths purchased from Emma's father, Issac Hale. In Smith's day, the property was located in the Harmony Township of Susquehanna County; when the Oakland Township was incorporated in 1853, it included the land in question. Emma had been raised in Harmony, and many of her family members lived in the area. Her brother, Jesse Hale, had constructed a three-room frame home which the Smiths purchased and had moved onto their property.
While living in the home, the Smith's first child, Alvin, was born and died. Alvin is buried just east of the historic site in the McKune Cemetery.
According to Mormon histories, a large portion of the Book of Mormon was translated by Smith while living in the home. According to Smith, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Cowdery on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the home. After being given the priesthood by John the Baptist by the laying on of hands, the two men baptized each other in the nearby Susquehanna River. Following the baptisms, they ordained each other to the Aaronic priesthood.
The Smith family left the area and their home, moving to Fayette, New York, in August 1830. In 1919, the home lived in by the Smiths was destroyed by fire.
Property acquisition and developments
Due to the significance to its early history, the LDS Church purchased the original site and some surrounding property. Between 1947 and 1959, the church purchased the original property and six additional acres. In 1960, a monument was added to the site which commemorates the restoration of the priesthood. The monument includes a sculpture by artist Avard T. Fairbanks, depicting John the Baptist conferring the priesthood on Smith and Cowdery. In 2002, the church purchased 25 acres of land which had been heavily polluted by adjacent railroad activity. This purchase extended the church's holdings to the river. Since that time additional property has been purchased, expanding the church's holdings in the area to . The most recent acquisition occurred in January 2011, which added purchased from the Boughton family for $2.1 million.
In a letter dated April 15, 2011, the LDS Church announced to nearby members that the site would be restored. The restoration included reconstructing the homes lived in by the Smith and Hale families, along with farm out-buildings. A combination visitors' center and meetinghouse is constructed, along with a new monument. Pennsylvania Route 171, which splits the historic site in two was rerouted as part of the project. In August 2015, the church announced that with construction completed, the site would be opened to the public on August 29 and was dedicated by apostle Russell M. Nelson on September 19, 2015. Steven E. Snow, the church's official Church Historian and Recorder from August 2012 until August 2019, is credited with the completion of the Priesthood Restoration Site.
See also
List of historic sites of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
References
External links
Priesthood Restoration Site Official site
Interactive Map: Priesthood Restoration Site
Significant places in Mormonism
Latter Day Saint movement in Pennsylvania
Properties of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Tourist attractions in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
1829 in Christianity
Archips fraterna is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Pakistan, Java and northern Borneo.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Glycine max and Coffea librica.
References
Moths described in 1990
Archips
Moths of Asia
Crocus City Mall is a shopping mall located in Krasnogorsk, a western suburb of Moscow, Russia.
Development
Developed by Aras Agalarov's Crocus International, the site is located near the Moscow Oblast Administrative HQ, just outside Moscow's MKAD ring road. Built of natural stone in a mixture between neo-classical and oriental architectural styles, the two-storey building opened in 2002.
Transport
The paid for the Moscow Metro railway station at Myakinino to be additionally planned and built on the extension of the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line, located between Volokolamskaya and Strogino stations. Added as a single-platform ground-based station, it was built as a two-platform underground development, thanks to Crocus's funding input. Myakinino opened on 26 December 2009 which is the first station to be built outside Moscow.
Present
Today it houses retailers, including:
Clothing: Agent Provocateur, Aquascutum, Armani, Calvin Klein, JLO by Jennifer Lopez, Philipp Plein, Vivienne Westwood
Children's wear: Steiff
Housewares: Royal Doulton
Accessories: Bally, Faberge, Land Rover, Wedgwood
On July 19, 2019 reports of smoke in the neighboring Crocus City Hall caused an emergency response by Russia's EMERCOM consisting of 12 fire brigades. The mall itself has been the target of a few bomb threats; one of them was made on US We the People governmental petition website by an individual with suspected neo-Nazi connections calling himself "Thomas Utoyo" or "thomas.littleevil" who in a few days prior to that and coincidentally on a date which is the 5th anniversary of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 tragedy, was involved in posting similar threats on the 8chan imageboard against a library in the Russian House of Science and Culture in Berlin, Germany and an Aeroflot flight flying from Berlin to Moscow, together with vibes referencing that of popular YouTuber PewDiePie and 2003 Japanese horror film One Missed Call.
Crocus Expo
Crocus Expo is the adjacently located trade fair and business centre, also built, run and operated by Crocus International. It is the largest business centre in Russia.
Since 2011, Crocus hosts annual video game exhibition Igromir, which was moved there from VDNKh exhibition center due to an increasing number of visitors. Over a hundred thousand visitors attend Igromir in Crocus each year. In 2014 Crocus Expo also hosted the first Comic-Con Russia and in 2016 it received a bomb threat via phone call which caused its evacuation. A concert hall in the neighboring Crocus City Hall received similar threat a year later.
References
External links
Crocus City Mall in English
Shopping malls in Russia
Buildings and structures in Moscow
Krasnogorsky District, Moscow Oblast
Shopping malls established in 2002
Manhiça District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique. The principal town is Manhiça. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Magude District in the north, Bilene Macia District of Gaza Province in the northeast, Marracuene District and the city of Maputo in the south, and with Moamba District in the west. In the east, the district is limited by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 159,812 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal river in the district is the Komati River. The biggest lake is Lake Chuáli.
The climate is tropical humid at the coast, and tropical dry in the interior, with the annual rainfall being .
History
The name of the district originates from Manacusse, a Tchaka chief, who moved here after some conflict in his native area, currently in South Africa.
Demographics
As of 2005, 41% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 45% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Xichangana. 58% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into six postos, Manhiça (three localities), Xinavane (three localities), 3 de Fevereiro (three localities), Calanga (two localities), Maluana (two localities), and Ilha Josina Machel (two localities).
Economy
The town of Manhiça is notable for the research center CISM (Centro de Investigacao em Saude em Manhica) and the Manhiça District Hospital, both institutions work closely together. The CISM receives several international students each year. Manhiça lies northwest of the capital city Maputo.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 28,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district of the total length of about , which includes a stretch of the national road EN1, running from Maputo along the coast to the north of Mozambique.
References
Districts in Maputo Province
Wólka Rejowiecka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Upper Teesdale is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in the west County Durham, England. It encompasses an extensive upland area that includes the headwaters of the River Tees and the surrounding catchment area upstream of the village of Langdon Beck.
The site has a diverse mix of habitats, mainly dry heath, with wet heath and blanket mire in areas that are poorly drained.
The Upper Teesdale SSSI is one of the most important botanical sites in Britain;
the flora is exceptionally rich in species that are nationally rare, including some that are relicts of the arctic-alpine environment of the last glacial period.
The area supports internationally important populations of some wading birds and is home to several rare invertebrates.
Within the SSSI are several locations that are of national importance geologically, including one of only two known outcrops of 'sugar' limestone in Britain.
The southern part of the SSSI largely coincides with the eastern portion of the Moor House-Upper Teesdale National Nature Reserve, which has been designated a 'Biosphere Reserve' by UNESCO. The entire area falls within the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Much of Upper Teesdale SSSI was formerly designated as Upper Teesdale and Appleby Fells SSSI. Following a substantial revision in 1990, most of the site was divided between two new (but adjoining) SSSIs, Upper Teesdale in Durham and Appleby Fells in Cumbria. A small part was amalgamated with Moor House National Nature Reserve to form a third SSSI, Moorhouse and Cross Fell, which is contiguous with the other two. At the same time, two further SSSIs, Mill Beck Wood and Moking Hurth Cave, were incorporated into Upper Teesdale SSSI and ceased to exist as separate entities.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
River Tees
Oberaurach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
There are 11 quarters belonging to Oberaurach:
History
Some quarters have been mentioned as early as 741 and 753.
The municipality in its present form has been created in 1978, combining the then separate municipalities of Dankenfeld, Fatschenbrunn, Kirchaich, Neuschleichach, Oberschleichach, Tretzendorf, Trossenfurt and Unterschleichach. The name Oberaurach is an artificial word, describing the location of the municipality at the upper ("Ober") part of the river Aurach.
References
Haßberge (district)
The Institute of Plant Breeding (IPB) is a research institute of the University of the Philippines Los Baños. It is the national biotechnology research center and repository for all crops other than rice, which is handled by the Philippine Rice Research Institute.
It traces its roots to the Plant Breeding Division of the Department of Agronomy, College of Agriculture. Dr. Emil Q. Javier later spearheaded the elevation of the division to an institute, which was approved and given funding under Presidential Decree No. 729 in June 1975, with Javier also serving as the institute's first director.
Core functions
Develop new and improved varieties of dryland crops
Conduct studies in plant breeding and allied disciplines related to crop improvement
Collect, introduce, preserve, and maintain germplasm of important and potentially useful agricultural and horticultural crops
Assist other agencies in multiplying quality seeds and vegetative materials of recommended crop varieties
Promote widescale use of IPB varieties and ensure that seeds are made available to small farmers
Divisions and laboratories
Cereal Crops Division
Feed and Industrial Crops Division
Fruit and Ornamental Crops Division
Legume Crops Division
Vegetables and Special Crops Division
Plant Pathology Laboratory
Entomology Laboratory
Plant Physiology Laboratory
Extension Division
Genetics Laboratory
National Plant Genetic Resources Laboratory
Biochemistry Laboratory
Plant Cell and Tissue Culture Laboratory
National Seed Foundation
Samples of IPB research
Papaya Ringspot Virus (PSRV)-Resistant
This variety is a genetically enhanced papaya with PRSV resistance and delayed ripening trait. This trait will help reduce post-harvest losses due to spoilage which is another major problem to farmers. The first and second generation papayas had been previously subjected to polymerase chain reaction analysis, which indicated that the lines contain a copy of the PRSV coat protein gene. A third generation papaya is currently under development.
Fruit and Shoot Borer Resistant Eggplant
Initial crosses had already been made between Indian transgenic eggplants and selected Philippine varieties Mara, Mistisa, Dumaguete Long Purple, and Casino. The progeny of these crosses were then back-crossed with their Philippine variety parent in India.
Multiple Virus Resistant Tomato
The multiple virus resistant project aims to combine transgenic technologies for Cucumber Mosaic Virus with conventional resistance against Tomato Leaf Curl Virus (ToLCV) to produce commercial tomato varieties. After introgression lines and appropriate controls were supplied by IPB partners, these tomato lines were screened to identify the genome regions that confer resistance against each local ToLCV. Reliable DNA markers are also being developed for each identified genome (introgression) region.
Mutation Breeding of Philippine Avocado
Although engaged in genetic engineering, the institute also uses mutation breeding, which is an alternative method of improving crop varieties. Small portions of avocado plant tissue (embryos) were allowed to grow (embryogenic cultures) and to differentiate into somatic embryos and shoots. Some of the plant tissue cultures were subjected to gamma irradiation to facilitate mutation from the regenerated plant tissue cultures. During the irradiation, some cells were killed and those capable of regrowth were multiplied. The surviving cells were grown to produce somatic embryos and shoots. The shoots from irradiated and non-irradiated tissues were then treated in a test tube environment to promote root growth and prepare them for natural growth environment. The IPB is currently undertaking the rooting and potting out of the plantlets to enable maximum recovery. The established regenerated plants will then be transferred to the greenhouse, and finally to the field for further evaluation.
References
UPLB Institute of Plant Breeding Website
Bureau of Agricultural Research Digest
Malaysian Biotechnology Information Center
Using Biotech to Improve Philippine Avocados
Plant breeding
Agricultural research institutes
Biological research institutes
Botanical research institutes
Genetics or genomics research institutions
Research institutes in the Philippines
Plant breeding
Agricultural organizations based in the Philippines
The 1979–80 Challenge Cup, for sponsorship reasons known as the 1979–80 State Express Challenge Cup was the 79th staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup.
The final was the first Hull Cup final derby, with a heavy entourage of supporters from the East and West of the city making the trip to London. Hull Kingston Rovers defeated Hull 10-5 at Wembley before a crowd of 95,000.
The winner of the Lance Todd Trophy was Rovers' prop, Brian Lockwood, despite Rovers' Steve Hubbard's scoring 9 out of his side's 10 points.
This was Hull Kingston Rovers' first, and to date, only Cup Final Win in six Final appearances.
First Round
Second Round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
References
External links
Challenge Cup official website
Challenge Cup 1979/80 results at Rugby League Project
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
Rush County (standard abbreviation: RH) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,956. The largest city and county seat is La Crosse.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Rush County was established. Rush County was organized on December 5, 1874. There was a county seat struggle between La Crosse and Rush Center lasting 10 years until La Crosse finally became the county seat.
20th century
The first county fair was held in 1910 south of Rush Center.
21st century
In 2015, the "Alexander Wind Farm" was constructed south of Alexander. It cost about $85 million and generates 48 megawatts of power.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.03%) is water.
It is intersected by Walnut Creek, a tributary of the Arkansas River, and watered by other streams.
Adjacent counties
Ellis County (north)
Russell County (northeast)
Barton County (east)
Pawnee County (south)
Ness County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,551 people, 1,548 households, and 1,013 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,928 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.45% White, 0.31% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.17% from other races, and 0.54% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,548 households, out of which 26.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.10% were married couples living together, 5.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.50% were non-families. 31.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.80.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.10% under the age of 18, 5.50% from 18 to 24, 22.90% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 25.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 94.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,268, and the median income for a family was $38,821. Males had a median income of $25,408 versus $20,307 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,033. About 6.70% of families and 9.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.50% of those under age 18 and 9.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Rush County is presently overwhelmingly Republican, although as recently as 1988 Michael Dukakis, aided by a major Great Plains drought, came within 25 votes of carrying the county for the Democrats.
Laws
Rush County was a prohibition, or "dry," county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
La Crosse USD 395
Otis-Bison USD 403
Communities
Cities
Alexander
Bison
La Crosse
Liebenthal
McCracken
Otis
Rush Center
Timken
Unincorporated communities
Hargrave
Loretta
Nekoma
Schaffer
Townships
Rush County is divided into twelve townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Former townships
West Point, Kansas
See also
References
Further reading
Plat book of Rush County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 33 pages; 1901.
External links
County
Rush County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
History of Cities in Rush County
Maps
Rush County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Oak Hill is a historic plantation house located near Cumberland, Cumberland County, Virginia. It was built about 1810, and is a two-story, frame dwelling with a center-passage, single-pile floor plan, in the Federal style. It has a one-story rear ell added about 1940. Also on the property are a contributing bank barn (c. 1930), tobacco barn/hay barn (c. 1890), tenant dwelling/granary (c. 1890), and family cemetery. In 1936, the property was acquired by the Resettlement Administration and conveyed by deed to the Department of Conservation and Economic Development in 1954. Since then, it has been rented to employees who are either working at the Cumberland State Forest or for other state agencies.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
Plantation houses in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1810
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses in Cumberland County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Cumberland County, Virginia
Demonstrate is the third extended play by South Korean girl group, Rania, released by DR Music and distributed by Danal Entertainment. The EP was the last release to feature Di, Xia, and T-ae, who were the last-remaining members of the original line-up, as well as the final release to feature the RaNia name.
While marking the debut of Seulji and Hyeme, the EP also was the first to feature Alexandra Reid as a member, making Demonstrate the first Korean music release to feature an African-American singer debuting in a Korean group. The EP was released on November 5, 2015, and met with controversy due to the album being marked as "Rania Five," and Alex not being included in the MV. Lead track, "Demonstrate," peaked at number 25 on the GAON Social Chart.
Release and reception
Rania released Demonstrate on November 5, and had their comeback showcase on November 11 in Gangnam-gu, Seoul. The release of Demonstrate gained attention from the Korean media due to the debut of Alex as well as the release being the group's first in over 2 years. The music video for Demonstrate was met with controversy due to Alex being physically absent, as well as the group being referred to as "Rania Five," despite the group having six members. However, DR released a statement, claiming that Alex was absent from promotional material as a result of visa issues.
The single "Demonstrate," peaked at #25 on the GAON Social Chart. Despite this being Seulji's debut, she is not featured on any of the tracks. Xia sings Seulji's parts in the studio versions of "Demonstrate" and "Get Out". Former members Jooyi and Saem sing on "Hello" and "Up".
Track listing
References
2015 EPs
EPs by South Korean artists
Korean-language EPs
K-pop EPs
Mika Mario Rokavec (born 5 January 1997) is a Slovenian football player. He plays for NK Rogaška.
Club career
He made his Slovenian PrvaLiga debut for Radomlje on 25 February 2017 in a game against Aluminij.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Maribor
Slovenian footballers
Association football midfielders
Slovenia youth international footballers
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian Second League players
NK Radomlje players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Italy
This article provides information on the under 19 premiership deciders of rugby league competitions held on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. The Match Details sub-section details the individual point-scorers in a match, where known.
The current competition is conducted under the auspices of the Central Coast Division Rugby League, an affiliate of NSW Country Rugby League and the New South Wales Rugby League.
A predecessor to Under 18 and Under 19 competitions was C Grade, which was held from the late 1940s to 1966. When Group status was obtained in 1967, C and D Grade became Under 19 and Under 17. The following year they were changed to Under 18 and Under 16. Between 1979 and 1982 the two competitions reverted to Under 19 and Under 17. In 2000, Third Grade and Under 18s were replaced by Under 19 and Under 17 competitions. There has been an Under 19 competition in each subsequent season, apart from 2012 (two Under 18 divisions) and 2013 (Under 18 and Under 17).
List
Match Details
1967
WYONG 25 (Ray Morris, Rod Wicks, Anthony Quinn, Dave Irwin, Gary Sonter tries; Anthony Quinn 5 goals) defeated WOY WOY 3 (Col Chaffey try). Referee: Noel Davidson.
1979-81
1979
ERINA 21 (Peter Steuerwald 2, John Ulherr, Peter Wilson, George Cook tries; George Cook 3 goals) defeated WYONG 18 (David Lindsay, Ken Newbury, Frank Brajhli tries; Ian Thompson 3 goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 16, 1979.
1980
THE ENTRANCE 14 (Peter Shearman, Sean Plunkett tries; Brian Walker 3, Warren Pritchard goals) defeated WYONG 8 (Steven Marks, G. Jones tries; I. Thompson goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 14, 1980. Referee: J. Jacobsen.
1981
WYONG 11 (Errol Mehmet 2, Phil Langley tries; unnamed goal) defeated WOY WOY 5 (try; goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 13, 1981.
1982
UMINA 14 (Michael Mullins, Brett O'Sullivan, Robert Groves tries; J. McArthur 2 goals; Darren Guest field goal) defeated WOY WOY 10 (Scott Molloy, Steve Coffey tries; Bernie Whalan 2 goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 19, 1982. Referee: J. Wood.
2000s
2000
WYONG 27 defeated OURIMBAH 18 at NorthPower Stadium, Grahame Park on Saturday, August 26, 2000.
2001
WOY WOY 22 (Troy McLennan 2, Lee Browne, Craig Rodgers, Shannon Stuart tries; goal) defeated WYONG 20 at NorthPower Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 2, 2001.
2002
WYONG 31 (Aaron Hollingsworth and others tries; goals; Chris Bigeni field goal) defeated THE ENTRANCE 26 in extra-time at Central Coast Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, September 1, 2002.
2003
OURIMBAH 34 defeated THE ENTRANCE 20 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday, August 31, 2003.
2004
ERINA 34 defeated TERRIGAL 8 at Central Coast Express Advocate Stadium, Grahame Park on Sunday September 12, 2004.
2005
OURIMBAH 14 defeated KINCUMBER 6 at Morrie Breen on Sunday, September 18, 2005.
2006
TERRIGAL 22 (S. Haywood 2, S. Sullivan, R. Folkard tries; D. Moltzen 3 goals) defeated THE ENTRANCE 16 (S. Corrigan, K. Thompson, B. O'Connell tries; K. Thompson 2 goals) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 30, 2006.
2007
ERINA 24 defeated UMINA 16 at Woy Woy Oval on Sunday, September 23, 2007.
2008
THE ENTRANCE 34 defeated UMINA 16 at Bluetounge Stadium on Sunday, September 21, 2008.
2010s
2010
THE ENTRANCE 18 defeated TERRIGAL 8 on Saturday, September 18, 2010.
2011
TERRIGAL 23 defeated THE ENTRANCE 6 on Saturday, September 17, 2011.
2014
WYONG 32 (Kairo Anderson 3, Adam Keighran, Jacob Liddle, Dean Coughlan, Mitchell Riley tries; Luke Sharpe 2 goals) defeated THE ENTRANCE 12 (Sean Boyton, Brodyn Mills tries; Ryan Doherty 2 goals) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 20, 2014.
2015
TERRIGAL 24 (Scott Drinkwater 2, Mitchell Laver, Matthew Langhein tries; Josh Cook 3, Zac Attwood goals) defeated KINCUMBER 20 (Blake Wylie, Joshua Richardson, Mitchell Shoults, Bryce Davey tries; Blake Wylie 2 goals) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 19, 2015.
2016
WYONG 24 (McCoy White 2, Aaron Heaven, Kye Martin tries; Jesse Stephen 4 goals) defeated WOY WOY 22 (Guy Pearson, Loughie Kirwan, Darnell Wisham, Nathan Bawden tries; Max Jolley 3 goals) at Woy Woy Oval on Saturday, September 17, 2016.
References
Sources
Microfilm of the following newspapers are available at the State Library of New South Wales and Central Coast Council libraries at Gosford and Wyong. The RAV numbers provided are those used by the State Library.
Central Coast Express (RAV 61)
Wyong and Lakes District Advocate (RAV 178)
Wyong Shire Advocate (RAV 824)
Erina Rugby League Football Club
Woy Woy Roosters
Fox Sports Pulse
The following books are available at the Tuggerah Branch of the Central Coast Council Libraries
C
Australian rugby league lists
Rugby League
Grand finals
Renzo Borsini is an Italian lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
Jarvis Terrell Summers (born March 16, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the Halcones de Ciudad Obregón of the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico (CIBACOPA). He played college basketball for Ole Miss.
College career
Summers averaged 10.4 points and 2.4 rebounds per game as the starting point guard at Ole Miss as a freshman. He posted 9.1 points and 1.8 rebounds per game as a sophomore. As a junior, Summers averaged 17.2 points, 2.5 rebounds, and 3.9 assists per game. He received the Howell Trophy honoring the best college basketball player in Mississippi. Summers was named to the Second Team All-SEC as a junior. He averaged 12 points and 1.8 rebounds per game as a senior. He finished his career ranked second in program history in games played (134) and assists (530) and eighth in points (1,629). After his senior season at Ole Miss, Summers underwent surgery.
Professional career
After not being selected in the 2015 NBA Draft, he was picked 10th overall in the NBA D-League Draft by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers. Summers played in Slovakia in the 2016–17 season. In August 2017, he was selected in the 7th round of the G League expansion draft by the Wisconsin Herd.
In 2019, Summers played for the team Red Baron in Malaysia. On March 7, 2020, he signed with the Halcones de Ciudad Obregón of the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico (CIBACOPA).
References
External links
Ole Miss Rebels bio
1993 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
American expatriate basketball people in Malaysia
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Jackson, Mississippi
Halcones de Ciudad Obregón players
Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball players
Point guards
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Wisconsin Herd players
African-American basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Michele Šego (; born 5 August 2000) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Varaždin in the Croatian First Football League.
Career
Šego started playing football in the local minnows' NK Omladinac Vranjic' football school. After spending five years in the youth ranks of Adriatic Split, he was hailed as the biggest talent in the club, netting over 50 goals every season. He eventually joined the Croatian national U15 team, before moving on to the Hajduk Split academy at the age of 16.
After a quality display in the first half of the season with Hajduk's reserve team, he got called up for their senior team's League match against Cibalia that took place on 11 February 2018. He scored his first goal for Hajduk's official senior squad match against Istra 1961 on May 9, 2018, netting a volley for a 1-5 victory.
In January 2020, Šego was loaned for until the summer of 2020 to NK Slaven Belupo. Returning at the end of the season, he was loaned out again in August 2020, this time to NK Bravo in the Slovenian PrvaLiga for the 2020-21 season.
References
External links
Michele Šego at CFF
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
Association football forwards
HNK Hajduk Split players
NK Slaven Belupo players
NK Bravo players
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Donetske () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine. It belongs to Mykolaivka urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Taylor Point () is a point forming the north limit of Destruction Bay, on the east coast of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for D. Taylor, Master of the Hobart sealing vessel Caroline, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1821–22.
Headlands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Kong Hon (September 10, 1939 – December 7, 2017) is a former Chinese actor and director from Hong Kong. Mr Kong is credited with over 90 films as an actor and 2 films as a director.
Career
Kong made his acting debut at an early age and subsequently appeared in many films. In 1979, he joined Rediffusion Television and acted in dramas, including Blowing in the Wind, The Eight Fairies and Empress Wu.
He later appeared in several TVB productions from the 1990s, and was noted for portraying wealthy figures in series such as Healing Hands and Burning Flame.
Kong's final role was in the 2012 series Three Kingdoms RPG.
Filmography
Films
1950 Fury in Their Hearts
1967 Confused Love
1967 The Divorce Brinkmanship
2006 My Name Is Fame - Fai's father.
Television series Empress Wu (1984)Detective Investigation Files II (1995)Eternal Happiness (2002)Vigilante Force (2003)Lady Fan (2004)Women on the Run (2005)Revolving Doors of Vengeance (2005)La Femme Desperado (2006)Burning Flame III (2009)Born Rich (2009)A Great Way to Care (2011–13)Three Kingdoms RPG'' (2012)
Personal life
Kong's wife was Wong Siu-yin, an actress. They had two children. Their son, Jeffrey Cheung, is a former professional footballer.
On 7 December 2017, Kong died at the Hong Kong Sanatorium & Hospital in Hong Kong. He was 78 years old.
References
External links
1939 births
2017 deaths
People from Liaoyang
20th-century Hong Kong male actors
21st-century Hong Kong male actors
Hong Kong male television actors
Hong Kong male film actors
TVB veteran actors
This is a list of notable food pastes. A food paste is a semi-liquid colloidal suspension, emulsion, or aggregation used in food preparation or eaten directly as a spread. Pastes are often spicy or aromatic, prepared well in advance of actual usage, and are often made into a preserve for future use. Common pastes are curry pastes, fish pastes, some fruit preserves, legume pastes and nut pastes. Purées, however, are food pastes made from already cooked ingredients, as in the case of cauliflower purée, or raw, as in the case of apple purée.
Food pastes
Fish and seafood
Fish paste – prepared from fish parts through fermentation
Anchovy paste
Gentleman's Relish
Muria – concentrated garum (fermented fish sauce) evaporated down to a thick paste with salt crystals was called muria; it would have been rich in protein, amino acids, minerals and B vitamins.
Shrimp paste – made from fermented ground shrimp, either from fresh shrimp or dried ones, with the addition of salt. Prepared shrimp paste often has oil, sugar, garlic, chili, and other spices added.
Saeu-jeot
Surimi – refers to a paste made from fish or other meat and also refers to a number of Asian foods that use surimi as their primary ingredients
Kamaboko
Fruit and vegetable
Àmàlà – a Nigerian specialty paste made using yams, it is thick and brown
Baba ghanoush – an eggplant (aubergine) based paste
Date paste – used as a pastry filling
Funge de bombo – a manioc paste used in northern Angola, and elsewhere in Africa
Guava paste
Hilbet – a paste made in Ethiopia and Eritrea from legumes, mainly lentils or faba beans, with garlic, ginger and spices
Hummus – made from chickpeas with the addition of tahini, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and garlic
Moretum
Pesto
Quince cheese
Ssamjang – a Korean sesame- and bean-based paste used as a sauce on meat
Tapenade – made from olives ground with anchovies or capers, spices and olive oil
Tomato paste – made from boiling tomatoes until they form a thick paste which is stored for later use in soups, sauces and stews
Grain
Farina
Millet paste – consumed by the Fula people in the Sahel and West Africa, it is a main ingredient in nyiiri, a common Fula dish that is prepared using millet paste and a thick sauce
Pamonha – a traditional Brazilian paste made from fresh corn and milk
Polenta
Mealy pop or bogobe – prepared from ground grain, usually maize or millet, and often fermented before cooking
Instant soup
Erbswurst
Legume
– made from ground soybeans which are then fermented
Meat
Chopped liver
Pâté – finely chopped, finely ground or pureed highly seasoned meat, prepared using beef, pork, liver, or animal organs
Pheasant paste
Potted meat food product
Nut and seed
Marzipan – made from almonds, with the addition of sugar and sometimes egg whites, it is used as a filling for confections, or hardened to serve as is
Peanut butter
Peanut paste – a product of peanuts and is used as an ingredient in sauces, baked goods and breakfast cereals, among others
Plumpy'nut
Satsivi – a Georgian specialty made from walnuts, it is used unsweetened as a bread dip, or sweetened as a filling in a baklava-like pastry
Sunflower butter
Tahini – made from ground sesame seeds
Spices and herbs
Herbs
Kroeung
Spicy
Sweet
Cookie butter
Fondant – a basic sugar paste used as an intermediary in the production of candies and icings
Yeast extracts
Yeast extracts, usually as byproduct from brewing beer, are made into food pastes, usually dark-brown in color.
See also
Huff paste
List of condiments
List of dips
List of spreads
Mortar and pestle – a kitchen device used since ancient times to prepare ingredients or substances by crushing and grinding them into a fine paste or powder
Wet grinder – a food preparation appliance used especially in Indian cuisine for grinding food grains to produce a paste or batter
References
External links
*
Paste, Food
Ascidicolidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Aplopodus Hesse, 1869
Ascidicola Thorell, 1859
Ceratrichodes Hesse, 1866
Hypnoticus Wilson, 1924
Lygephile Hesse, 1865
Lygephilus Hesse, 1865
Narcodina Wilson, 1924
Podolabis Hesse, 1864
Polyoon Hesse, 1878
Styelicola Lützen, 1968
References
Copepods
Tough Tenors is an album by saxophonists Johnny Griffin and Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis recorded in 1960 and released on the Jazzland label.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 4 stars stating: "Tough Tenors is one of the many amazing jazz recordings from 1960, and will please saxophone fans, Davis/Griffin fans, and anyone who enjoys classic hard bop."
Track listing
"Tickle Toe" (Lester Young) - 5:30
"Save Your Love for Me" (Buddy Johnson) - 7:09
"Twins" (Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Johnny Griffin) - 6:35
"Funky Fluke" (Bennie Green) - 9:16
"Imagination" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 4:29
"Soft Winds" (Benny Goodman, Fletcher Henderson) - 7:17
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis - tenor saxophone, except track 5, Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
Johnny Griffin albums
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
1960 albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Jazzland Records (1960) albums
Jon Taylor Embree (born October 3, 1988) is an American football coach and former wide receiver who is currently the running backs coach for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at UCLA and was briefly a member of the San Diego Chargers.
Playing career
Taylor played wide receiver for 4 years at UCLA. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Chargers in 2012 but was cut at the end of the preseason.
Coaching career
Embree began his coaching career as a graduate assistant at UNLV in 2012, where he was credited for helping convince Jerry Rice Jr. to transfer from UCLA to UNLV for his final season of eligibility. He was also a graduate assistant at his alma mater UCLA for two seasons before joining the Kansas City Chiefs in 2016 as a defensive assistant.
Embree joined the San Francisco 49ers as an offensive quality control coach in 2017, working with his father Jon. He was hired as the tight ends coach at Colorado in 2020, serving on the coaching staff of first-year head coach Karl Dorrell.
Embree was named the running backs coach for the New York Jets in 2021, working under former 49ers defensive coordinator Robert Saleh.
Personal life
Embree's father Jon is currently the tight ends coach for the San Francisco 49ers and was the head coach at Colorado for two seasons. His younger brother Connor is currently an offensive assistant for the Kansas City Chiefs. His grandfather John Embree played two years in the NFL for the Denver Broncos.
References
External links
New York Jets profile
UCLA Bruins profile
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Denver
People from Overland Park, Kansas
Players of American football from Denver
Players of American football from Kansas
Coaches of American football from Colorado
Coaches of American football from Kansas
American football wide receivers
UCLA Bruins football players
San Diego Chargers players
UNLV Rebels football coaches
UCLA Bruins football coaches
Kansas City Chiefs coaches
San Francisco 49ers coaches
Colorado Buffaloes football coaches
New York Jets coaches
I Stand Alone () is a 1998 French psychological drama art film written and directed by Gaspar Noé as his directorial debut, and starring Philippe Nahon, Blandine Lenoir, Frankye Pain, and Martine Audrain. The film, focusing on several pivotal days in the life of a butcher facing abandonment, isolation, rejection and unemployment, was the director's first feature-length production, and is a sequel to his 1991 short film Carne.
Plot
The history of the Butcher (who is given no other name) is narrated through voice-over and a montage of still photographs. Orphaned at a young age, he was sexually abused by a priest. As a teenager, unable to have the opportunity to study and learn the profession of his choice, he reluctantly embraces the career of a butcher specializing in horse meat, a job already frowned upon at the time in France.
After several years of hard work, he finally opens his own butcher shop while his girlfriend gives birth to a daughter. When the woman realizes the infant is not a boy, she leaves the young father alone with the child. Embracing it as fate, the Butcher decides to take care of his daughter alone. As loneliness grows on the single father, he becomes overprotective and develops incestuous feelings for his child. When he sees blood on her skirt, he stabs the man who he thinks raped his daughter. He later understands that the stains were only menstrual blood. He is sentenced to prison and forced to sell his shop to a Muslim butcher while his troubled daughter is sent to an institution.
In prison, the Butcher has sex with a cellmate and (upon his release) he vows to forget it all happened. He finds a job working as a bartender for the woman who owns the tavern where he was a regular customer. They begin dating and soon she becomes pregnant. As they start making plans for their future together, she sells her business and they move to northern France, where she said she would buy a butcher shop for him.
There, however, she backs out of their promise, which forces him to take up a job as a night watchman at a nursing home. During his job, he meets a young and caring nurse who's the complete opposite of his old and icy mistress. After he and the nurse witness the death of an elderly patient, the Butcher thinks back about the lack of affection throughout his life, from the orphanage to a life with an uncaring mistress who abuses the power she has over him because of her money. When his mistress unjustly accuses him of having an affair with the nurse, he snaps and punches her in the belly several times, very likely killing their unborn child, then steals a pistol and flees.
He decides to return to Paris, where he rents the same flophouse room where he conceived his daughter, and begins looking for a job as a horse meat butcher. Unfortunately, due to the changing tastes of customers during his time in prison, the market for horse meat winds up collapsing. Despite his patience, his job interviews consistently end up with rejection. He broadens his job search but is considered unskilled in terms of general butchery, forcing him to have to start all over again at the very bottom.
He starts looking outside his branch, but the more he broadens his searches, the more humiliating the job interviews become. He remains polite, but the more desperate he becomes, the more quickly he's rejected by managers. When he turns to his old friends for advice, they all reject him. After being turned away at a slaughterhouse that once did business with his shop, the Butcher decides to kill the slaughterhouse manager. He plots the murder at a local tavern, but is ejected from the bar at gunpoint after squabbling with the owner's son. The Butcher finds that he has only three bullets in his gun, and begins assigning them to the men he feels have humiliated him the most.
More and more isolated, he decides to look for the only person he feels has ever loved him: His daughter. After meeting her at the asylum in which she is a patient, he takes her back to his room where he is prey to opposite feelings towards her. As he is about to lose his sanity, he contemplates having sex with his daughter before killing her. After the representation of this fantasy, the movie returns to the moment of the Butcher's hesitation. He decides to put the gun away, resolving to be good, and tearfully embraces his daughter. But he starts again to contemplate having sex with her in the same manner he did with her mother.
Standing at a window, he unzips his daughter's jacket and begins fondling her. As he starts to abuse his daughter, the Butcher, between more and more incoherent thoughts, tries to justify his act by asserting that the world condemns his love for his daughter, surely not because it is evil but because it is too powerful.
Cast
Philippe Nahon as the butcher
Blandine Lenoir as his daughter, Cynthia
Frankye Pain as his mistress
Martine Audrain as his mother-in-law
Roland Guéridon as his old friend
Aïssa Djabri as Dr. Choukroun
Gérard Ortega as the bar owner
Alain Pierre as the owner's son
Zaven as the man with morality
Production
The film was produced by Les Cinémas de la Zone, a production company run by director Noé and his girlfriend Lucile Hadžihalilović. It was shot in an unusual combination of 16 mm film and the CinemaScope format. Recording took place sporadically over a period of two and a half years, with frequent budget problems. The fashion designer agnès b. eventually granted a loan which Noé says saved his production company. The gimmick of having a warning text before the story's climax was borrowed from William Castle's 1961 film Homicidal.
According to a 2010 interview, Noé came up with the idea of the butcher character following a conversation he had with his father as a teenager. The Argentinian-born Noé was traveling to his mother's native France for the first time, and upon landing in Paris, his father turned to him and said: "They eat horses here" (referring to the French consumption of horse meat, which is unheard of in Argentina). Noé then decided that a horse meat butcher would make a great character in a film, and this formed the basis for his first short Carne.
Style
Most of the film's script consists of the Butcher's internal monologue, spoken in voice-over.
The camera is usually stationary throughout the film, but this trend is sometimes contrasted by abrupt, rapid movements. The sudden movements are always accompanied by a loud sound effect, usually an explosive gunshot. A notable exception is the final crane shot, which moves gently away from the Butcher's window and turns to look down an empty street.
The film frequently cuts to title cards that display a variety of messages. The cards often repeat a notable word spoken by the Butcher, such as "Morality" and "Justice". At the film's climax, a "Warning" title card counts down 30 seconds, gives viewers an opportunity to stop watching and avoid the remainder of the film.
Film connections
The film is a sequel to Noé's short film Carne. The Butcher also makes a cameo appearance at the beginning of Irréversible, Noe's follow-up to I Stand Alone. In a drunken monologue, the Butcher reveals that he was arrested for having sex with his daughter.
Accolades
International Critics' Week Award at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival
Official Selection of Telluride, Toronto, New York, Rotterdam, San Francisco, Sundance film festivals.
Selected as a favourite film by John Waters to present as his annual selection within Maryland Film Festival 2003.
References
External links
Gaspar Noé, to-do es cuestión de moral
1998 films
1998 crime drama films
1998 directorial debut films
1990s French films
1990s French-language films
1990s psychological drama films
Films directed by Gaspar Noé
Films set in the 1980s
French crime drama films
French psychological drama films
Heart of Sarajevo Award for Best Film winners
Incest in film
In gridiron football, intentional grounding is a violation of the rules where "a passer...throws a forward pass without a realistic chance of completion." This typically happens when a quarterback about to be sacked passes the ball toward an area of the field with no eligible receiver. Without this rule, the quarterback could almost always avoid a sack by intentionally throwing an incomplete pass (which would stop the clock and return the ball to the line of scrimmage, avoiding any loss of yardage); instead, the penalty of intentional grounding effectively continues play as if the defense had succeeded in sacking the quarterback.
History
The rule against intentional grounding seems to date from 1914, two seasons after an incomplete pass ceased to result in a turnover, in the period of rule experimentation that followed legalization of the forward pass in 1906.
Elements
A ball carrier, in any location, commits intentional grounding when throwing a pass with no realistic chance of completion in order to avoid a sack; for instance, throwing the football down near himself. However, the rules explicitly allow the quarterback to spike the ball immediately after receiving it from the center to stop the clock without using a time out.
Intentional grounding is called only if all of the following components are present:
Imminent pressure: The passer must face "imminent loss of yardage." There is no violation when the passer is not about to be tackled but the receiver simply fails to run the route the quarterback expects.
Location: In the NFL and college, the quarterback must be inside the tackle box (or pocket), the area between the two offensive tackles on the line. If the quarterback scrambles to either side and is closer to the sideline than that side's tackle lined up, there is no penalty. The NFL added this element of the rule in 1993 in order to protect quarterbacks; high school football followed suit in 2022. However, intentional grounding can be called on a quarterback (or other offensive ballcarrier) outside the pocket if the pass fails to go beyond the line of scrimmage. In the CFL, the quarterback is not subject to an intentional grounding penalty regardless of his location, so long as the pass reaches the line of scrimmage.
Target of the pass: The ball must be passed where there is no eligible receiver, such as well out of bounds. If a receiver is nearby but fails to catch the ball, or if a defender deflects the pass, there is no penalty. Conversely, if the pass is caught by an ineligible receiver, intentional grounding may still be called if there is no nearby eligible receiver (although a penalty of illegal touching would also be called, forcing the defense to decide which penalty to accept, if any).
After a flag is thrown, the officials may confer to decide whether all these components were present, and may "pick up the flag" upon finding there was no intentional grounding.
Penalty
The penalty for intentional grounding has several components so that the offense gains no benefit from the violation:
The offense is penalized 10 yards from the line of scrimmage, or (in the NFL only) the ball is placed at the spot of the pass if that is less advantageous.
The offense loses the down rather than replaying the down, as is the case for most other penalties.
If the quarterback threw the pass from his team's own end zone, the penalty results in a safety being scored by the defense.
Like many offensive penalties, intentional grounding committed near the end of either half results in a ten-second runoff of the game clock, if the defense desires. This ensures that intentional grounding is not an effective means of clock management.
Pro Bowl
In the NFL Pro Bowl, intentional grounding is legal in order to make the game safer.
References
Gridiron football penalties
Rankous or Rankus () is a Syrian town and summer resort in the province's Damascus countryside (Rif Dimashq) located in Mount Qalamoun (anti-Lebanon) in Syria, 45 km from Damascus, with a total area of 22.277 km ², extends between 1650 and 2150 m. The climate of the town is cool in summer and cold in winter. The rate of rain and snow usually varies between 350 and 650 mm. The mountains surrounding the town are covered with snow in winter. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Rankous had a population of 7,717 in the 2004 census.
The town is famous for the cultivation of fruit trees: apples, pears, cherries, almonds, apricots, and vegetables: potatoes, peas, many types of vegetables. There are many types of livestock Rankous, such as sheep, goats, cows, poultry.
History
There are Rankous historical monuments in the vicinity of the town, caves, old cemeteries and tombs carved and engraved in stone.
In 1838, its inhabitants were noted as being predominantly Sunni Muslims.
The town was severely damaged during the clashes between the pro-government forces and the armed opposition during the Syrian civil war.
People from Rankous
Cheikh Mahmoud Baayoun (Mahmoud Al Rankousi)
The translator and essayist Mohamed Ali Abdel Jalil
References
Bibliography
Populated places in Al-Tall District
Towns in Syria
An express trust is a trust created "in express terms, and usually in writing, as distinguished from one inferred by the law from the conduct or dealings of the parties." Property is transferred by a person (called a trustor, settlor, or grantor) to a transferee (called the trustee), who holds the property for the benefit of one or more persons, called beneficiaries. The trustee may distribute the property, or the income from that property, to the beneficiaries. Express trusts are frequently used in common law jurisdictions as methods of wealth preservation or enhancement.
Terms
Law generally requires only a simple formality to create an express trust. In certain jurisdictions, an express trust may even be established orally. Typically, a settlor would record the disposition, where real property is to be held in trust or the value of property in trust is large. Where legal title to property is being passed to a trustee, a "deed of settlement" or "Trust Instrument" (for jurisdictions that do not recognise Deeds) may be used. Where property is to continue to be held by the person making the trust, a "declaration of trust" will be appropriate.
Often, a trust corporation or more than one trustee is appointed to allow for uninterrupted administration of the trust in the event of a trustee's resignation, death, bankruptcy or incapacity. Additionally a Protector may be appointed who, for example, is authorized to appoint new trustees and to review the trustees' annual accounts.
To be valid at common law, a trust instrument must ascertain its beneficiaries, as well as the res (a Latin term meaning "thing") or subject matter of the trust, unless it is a charitable trust which does not provide specific beneficiaries.
To be valid in equity, a trust must satisfy the following elements:
1. Property or rights of a kind which can be the subject of a trust
2. A declaration of trust or disposition on trust by a person legally competent to create a trust
3. Certainty of property and objects (trust must be administratively workable
4. Compliance with requirements regarding evidence
5. Compliance with rule against remoteness of vesting (rule against perpetuities and rule against inalienability of income for longer than the perpetuity period)
Common forms of express trust
Bare trust property transferred to another to hold e.g. for a third person absolutely. May be of use where property is to be held and invested on behalf of a minor child or mentally incapacitated person.
Life Interest trust the income from property transferred is paid to one person, "the life tenant" (e.g. a widow/er), during their lifetime and thereafter is transferred to another person (who may take absolutely or a second life interest according to the terms of the trust, in the second case a third beneficiary would come into play). The trustees may have power to pay capital as well as income to the life tenant. Alternatively, they may have rights to transfer ("appoint") property to other beneficiaries ahead of their entitlement.
Discretionary trust the trustees may pay out income to whichever of the beneficiaries they, in the reasonable exercise of their discretion, think fit. They will normally also have a power to pay out capital. They may have extensive powers, even to add new beneficiaries, but such powers may normally only be exercised bona fide in the interests of the beneficiaries as a whole. Discretionary trusts must not be indefinite and are subject to 'the rule against perpetuities'. In New South Wales, the time prescribed is a statutory period of 80 years from the date the disposition takes effect.
Charitable trusts this is also a form of discretionary trust; trusts for a purpose (as opposed to for individuals) are generally invalid at common law however charities are an exception. Persons wishing to pass money to causes not recognised as charitable may instead make gifts to established companies or associations or may establish trusts or trust-like structures in jurisdictions which do not restrict non-charitable purpose trusts (e.g. Jersey trusts, Danish and US foundations and Liechtenstein Anstallts).
Protective trusts and Spendthrift trusts can be established to provide an income for persons who cannot be trusted with it.
Three Certainties of Express Trust
Certainty of intention: Must be real intention by the settlor to dispose of property and create trust, not just make a gift – a trust also can't be created contrary to the intention of the settlor alleged to have created it: Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Qld) v Jolliffe.
Certainty of subject:The property the subject of the trusts must be sufficiently ascertainable at the time the trust was created: Herdegen v Federal Commissioner of Taxation (1988)
Certainty of object:Beneficiaries must be ascertainable –
Fixed trust – ‘List certainty rule' (Test) see e.g. West v Weston (1998)
Discretionary trust -'criterion certainty test' is whether it can be said that a given individual is or is not a member of the range of objects (class): Re Baden's Deed Trusts; McPhail v Doulton
Variation of Trusts in English Law
The Variation of Trusts Act 1958 gave the courts the power to vary trusts in the following circumstances
s1(1)(a) Any person having, directly or indirectly, an interest, whether vested or contingent, under the trusts who by reason of infancy or other incapacity is incapable of assenting; or
s1(1)(b) Any person (whether ascertained or not) who may become entitled, directly or indirectly, to an interest under the trusts as being at a future date or on the happening of a future event a person of any specified description or a member of any specified class of persons, so however that this paragraph shall not include any person who would be of that description, or a member of that class, as the case may be, if the said date had fallen or the said event had happened at the date of the application to the court; or
s1(1)(c) Any person unborn; or
s1(1)(d) Any person in respect of any discretionary interest of his under protective trusts where the interest of the principal beneficiary has not failed or determined.
The court does not have the power to consent to the variation of a trust on behalf of an ascertained individual who is sui juris.(Someone above the age of consent and of sound mind)
Forms of trust used by UK taxpayers
Accumulation and Maintenance trust A variation on the discretionary trust, the A&M does not carry the Inheritance tax disadvantages of a discretionary settlement but can only be established for persons under 25 who must be entitled to income at that age. Allows the accumulation of income within the trust until 25.
Disabled Trust Similar to an A&M trust but established for a disabled person.
Reverter to Settlor trust A trust where, on the death of the life tenant, the property reverts to the person making the gift.
Nil Rate Band Discretionary trust UK inheritance tax is payable at 40% on estates worth over £325,000 for the 2009-2010 tax year. If assets up to that value are placed in a discretionary trust during a person's lifetime, the trust will not be taken into account for inheritance tax if the person survives for a further 7 years. Likewise in a will, many persons leave a legacy on discretionary trusts so as to take full advantage of their nil rate band (gifts to spouses and registered civil partners being wholly exempt).
Forms of trust used by US persons
Certain US jurisdictions and other jurisdictions have developed a radically different interpretation of the trust. Valid trusts can be established by persons who then continue to deal with property as if it were their own during their lifetime, the trust crystallising on death. Trust funds can be taxed as legal entities by election ("checking the box").
References
Wills and trusts
Lessons of the Masters is a 2004 book by George Steiner. It is part history, part analysis of the mentor-protégé relationship. From Socrates and Jesus to Husserl, Heidegger and Arendt, not leaving out Plotinus, Augustine, Shakespeare, Dante, Marlowe, Kepler, Wittgenstein, Nadia Boulanger and Simone Weil, Steiner shows how much is at stake in the passing on of wisdom and the risks involved.
The book is based on Steiner's Norton lectures.
2004 non-fiction books
Alternative education
Books by George Steiner
English-language books
Harvard University Press books
Elizabeth Dorothy Futas (May 8, 1944–February 6, 1995) was the head of the University of Rhode Island, Graduate School of Library and Information Science from 1986–1995. Earlier in her career, Dr. Futas worked as a cataloger for the Ford Foundation in New York and as a reference librarian at Queens College. She had also held faculty positions at Rutgers University-New Brunswick, Emory University and the University of Washington in Seattle, among other institutions. Her text on Collection Development is widely regarded.
Legacy
Futas is best known for her collections development polices and procedures. The American Library Association offers an annual award to librarians in Futas' name titled Futas Catalyst for Change Award.
Works
Collection Development Policies and Procedures. (1995) Oryx Press,
Developing public library collections, policies, and procedures : a how-to-do-it manual for small and medium-sized public libraries. Neal-Shuman (1991)
Library Acquisition Policies and Procedures. (1984) Oryx Press,
The Library Forms Illustrated Handbook. (1984) Neal-Schuman,
Dissertation: Communication and information patterns in the emerging, interdisciplinary area of women's studies. Rutgers University (1980)
References
1944 births
1995 deaths
American librarians
American women librarians
Brooklyn College alumni
American women non-fiction writers
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
American Library Association awards
Thomas Ernest Abel (10 September 1890 – 23 January 1937) was a first-class cricketer. He was born in Kennington in London and died in Lambeth. A right-handed batsman and off break bowler, he played for Surrey in 1919 and 1920 and, after failing to establish himself in the side, moved to Glamorgan for whom he played from 1922 to 1925. He qualified for Glamorgan by playing league cricket for Port Talbot and Maesteg Town and made his debut for his adopted county against a Combined Oxford and Cambridge XI at the Arms Park.
He played 44 first-class matches in all, for a modest batting average of 15.83, but he did score one first-class century, a knock of 107 against Leicestershire at Swansea. His best bowling, 3 for 30, came in a game against the Australian Imperial Forces.
He was the son of Bobby Abel, the Surrey and England cricketer and the brother of William Abel who played for Surrey between 1909 and 1926.
References
External links
1890 births
1937 deaths
Surrey cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
English cricketers
Alesha Football Club is an Indonesian football club from Makassar, South Sulawesi. They currently play in Liga 3. Alesha FC is a club owned by a company PT Alesha Group Perkasa. they have just registered as official members of the Asprov PSSI South Sulawesi in Liga 3 and will debut to compete in 2021 Liga 3 South Sulawesi zone. In addition to having a main squad team, they also have a young squad that competed in the Soeratin Cup, namely Alesha FC U13, Alesha FC U15 and Alesha FC U17.
History
Alesha FC was founded in October 2020 and participated in their inaugural tournament at 2020 Alesha Cup I in Makassar. At that time, the club was divided into 2 teams, namely Alesha FC A and Alesha FC B, they were included in the matches of the 32 participating teams. Alesha FC A became the runner-up while Alesha FC B stopped in the last 8 round.
In early 2021, they are preparing to take part in Liga 3. Various preparations for training and recruitment of selected players have been carried out as well as membership registration and administration to Asprov PSSI South Sulawesi.
Players
Honours
Liga 3 South Sulawesi
Runner-up: 2021
References
External links
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in South Sulawesi
Sport in South Sulawesi
Association football clubs established in 2020
2020 establishments in Indonesia
Sir Robert FitzEustace (c.1420–1486) was an Irish landowner and politician of the fifteenth century.
He was born at Coghlanstown, County Kildare, son of Sir Richard FitzEustace, who served briefly as Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and Katherine Preston, widow of William Lawless. Rowland FitzEustace, 1st Baron Portlester was his cousin; Rowland was one of the dominant Irish statesmen of his time, and Robert was a loyal supporter of Portlester and his son-in-law, Gerald FitzGerald, the "Great Earl" of Kildare.
The office of Constable of the Castle of Ballymore Eustace was in effect hereditary in the FitzEustace family; Robert was appointed Constable on his father's death in 1445, but was dismissed from office for a time, due to his refusal to live in the castle. Like his father he was High Sheriff of Kildare on several occasions, and he was one of the original members of the Brotherhood of Saint George, a short-lived military guild charged with the defence of the Pale. At his death in 1486 he was one of the largest landowners in Kildare (despite having been imprisoned for debt in the 1450s)
An Act of the Irish Parliament of 1472 conferred the office of Lord Chancellor of Ireland on Robert FitzEustace and John Taxton jointly. O'Flanagan states that nothing is known of either man. Since Robert FitzEustace of Coghlanstown was the son of a Lord Chancellor, and it was not unusual for members of the same family to hold office, he may well be the Robert referred to; on the other hand, as the Dictionary of National Biography suggests, the name Robert may be a slip for his cousin Rowland FitzEustace who held the office two years later. He was party to the royal charter of 1478 which set up the Dublin Baker's Guild (the Guild of St. Clement and St. Anne).
Robert had at least six surviving children: his eldest son and heir Sir Maurice FitzEustace, James, Richard, Oliver, John and Margaret. Margaret married Robert Talbot of Belgard. Maurice married his cousin Joan FitzEustace, daughter of Lord Portlester and widow of Richard Plunkett, 2nd Baron of Dunsany.
References
Politicians from County Kildare
15th-century Irish politicians
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Nuno Manuel Soares Gomes (born 21 May 1980 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a forward.
He is of Cape Verdean descent.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Portuguese sportspeople of Cape Verdean descent
Footballers from Lisbon
Portuguese footballers
Association football forwards
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Casa Pia A.C. players
AD Oeiras players
Real S.C. players
C.D. Fátima players
G.D. Chaves players
Atlético Clube de Portugal players
C.D. Mafra players
União Montemor players
C.D. Pinhalnovense players
C.D. Cova da Piedade players
U.D. Vilafranquense players
Liga II players
FC Progresul București players
C.D. Primeiro de Agosto players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Angola
{{Infobox person
| name = Brooke Burke
| image = Brooke Burke 2021.jpg
| caption = Burke in 2021
| birth_name = Brooke Lisa Burke
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.
| spouse =
| children = 4
| years_active = 1986–present
| occupation = Television personality, fitness personality, author, actress, businesswoman
| notable_works = {{ubl|Host or co-host of:| Wild On!|[[Rock Star (TV series)|CBS' Rock Star]]|She's Got the Look|Dancing with the Stars}}
}}
Brooke Lisa Burke (born September 8, 1971) is an American television personality, fitness personality, author, actress, and businesswoman. She is known for hosting the E! Network travel show Wild On! (1999–2002), CBS' Rock Star (2005–2006), and TV Lands' She's Got the Look (2010). After winning the seventh season of Dancing with the Stars, Burke served as co-hostess of the show from season ten to season seventeen (2010–2013). In 2017, Burke launched "Brooke Burke Body", a fitness app with workout videos featuring her.
Early life
Brooke Lisa Burke was born in Hartford, Connecticut and raised in Tucson, Arizona, the younger of two siblings born to Donna and George Burke. Her mother is of half Portuguese background; she was adopted and then raised Jewish. Her father is of Irish and French descent and left the family when she was two years old. She was thereafter raised by her Armenian stepfather in her mother's Jewish faith. She is raising her children Jewish, although she also celebrates Christmas.
She attended both Sahuaro High School and Palo Verde High School in Tucson where she was homecoming queen in 1989. She later studied broadcast journalism.
Career
Television
After rising to national fame as a lingerie model for the Frederick's of Hollywood catalog in the early 1990's, Brooke was tapped to serve as the host of the popular E! travel series Wild On! from 1999–2002. In 2005, Brooke landed her first primetime network hosting gig on CBS's Rock Star: INXS (2005) and the subsequent Rock Star: Super Nova, both produced by Mark Burnett.
In 2010, Burke became the host of She's Got the Look on TV Land, a modeling competition series for women over 35. That same year, she was named co-hostess of ABC's Dancing with the Stars, where she remained for seven seasons (2010–2013).
Burke served as the co-host of the Miss America pageant in 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2016.
From 2016–2018, Burke hosted and co-produced the Saturday morning show Hidden Heroes, a hidden camera television show developed for teenagers in which each episode reveals the widespread goodwill in our world by secretly capturing heroes in action.
Her other television credits include hosting the digital series and network show I Dare You on TV Land (2018) as well as a recurring role on Melissa & Joey (2014–2015).
Dancing with the Stars performances
On November 25, 2008, Burke, with Derek Hough as her partner, won the seventh season of Dancing with the Stars beating Super Bowl champion Warren Sapp and his partner Kym Johnson. Burke shares the honor of being one of only three contestants to spend eight out of ten weeks at the top of the leaderboard. The other two contestants to achieve this feat are Kristi Yamaguchi and Nicole Scherzinger.
Magazine appearances
Burke has featured on the cover of much fitness, fashion, and lifestyle magazines, including Fitness, Women's Health, Redbook, and Ladies Home Journal. She also has appeared in numerous men's interest magazines such as Maxim, Stuff, Playboy, and FHM.
Entrepreneurial ventures
In 2007, Burke founded and launched BabooshBaby.com, the online store for her popular post-pregnancy belly wraps Tauts. Brooke later developed Baboosh Body, a fitness product (belly wrap) made to trim the tummy.
In 2011, she launched the online community for mothers, ModernMom.com, of which she remains the co-CEO.
In 2012, Burke brought her own personal brand of fitness workouts to consumers via a DVD series with Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The four DVD series consisted of Transform Your Body with Brooke Burke: Strength & Condition, Transform Your Body with Brooke Burke: Tone & Tighten, Brooke Burke Body: Sexy Abs, and Brooke Burke Body: 30-Day Slimdown.
Inspired by her dedication to promote women's awareness of the importance of physical and mental health, Brooke's next fitness project was to create her signature "Booty Burn" workout which she personally teaches in her hometown of Malibu, California. In 2017, Burke launched Brooke Burke Body, a fitness lifestyle app.
On May 17, 2022, it was announced that Brooke Burke Body had teamed up with LaPlage Wellness Retreat, with Burke being named Creative Director of Operations. In her new role, Burke will create and facilitate holistic wellness retreats that combine the experience of Brooke Burke Body with the one-of-a-kind unique and life-changing experiences for which La Plage Wellness is famous.
Books
Burke wrote her first book "The Naked Mom: A Modern Mom's Fearless Revelations, Savvy Advice, and Soulful Reflections" in 2011. In it, she reflects on motherhood, Hollywood, romance, and the challenges of creating a blended family. In 2016, she co-authored her second book, "Chicken Soup for the Soul: The Joy of Less", a guide to simplifying your life with Amy Newmark.
Video games
Burke served as the face and voice of "Rachel Teller" in Electronic Arts' video game Need for Speed: Underground 2, for which she won a Spike Video Game Award. She is also the voice of "People and Places" in Trivial Pursuit: Unhinged.
Podcast
Since January 2020, Burke has co-hosted an iHeartRadio podcast titled Intimate Knowledge with former The Real Housewives of Orange County'' star Meghan King Edmonds and Lila Darville.
Personal life
Burke was married twice and engaged once more. She was first engaged to Joseph Benjamin, a gas station owner in Los Angeles. Her first marriage was in 2001 to Garth Fisher, a plastic surgeon. They divorced in 2005. She raises their two daughters, Neriah and Sierra, in her Jewish faith.
In 2006, Burke began dating actor and singer David Charvet whom she married on August 12, 2011; Brooke announced that she would take her husband's last name and be known as Brooke Burke-Charvet. Together they have a daughter (Heaven Rain, born 2007) and a son (Shaya Braven, born 2008). After seven years of marriage, the couple announced that they were divorcing in April 2018. Their divorce was finalized in March 2020.
Burke had been in a relationship with Scott Rigsby since August 2019.
On November 8, 2012, Burke announced she had thyroid cancer and underwent surgery to remove her thyroid. She became the face of the American Cancer Society's "Bucket List" campaign in 2014. She continues to bring awareness and inspiration to people regarding the disease to this day.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Hartford, Connecticut
Actresses from Tucson, Arizona
American film actresses
American game show hosts
American people of French descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Portuguese descent
American television actresses
Beauty pageant hosts
Dancing with the Stars (American TV series) winners
Female models from Connecticut
Jewish American actresses
Jewish female models
Participants in American reality television series
Sahuaro High School alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
1971 births
The Apprentice (franchise) contestants
21st-century American Jews
Llandaff North (), is a district, community and coterminous electoral ward in the north of Cardiff, the capital city of Wales.
Description
It is located in the north of Cardiff and can be considered a two-part ward, each containing about half the population; a northern section of mainly middle class housing, and a southern section commonly known as the Gabalfa housing estate which consists of public sector and former public sector housing stock. When the Community Charge (or Poll Tax) was introduced in 1990 the Gabalfa housing estate and also parts of the Mynachdy housing estate were placed into the new Llandaff North Electoral Ward, and the boundaries of the Gabalfa Electoral Ward were moved and redrawn to create a now separate ward to the south east of the new Llandaff North ward. This new Gabalfa ward still includes the Gabalfa Interchange and also some parts of Mynachdy, but no longer includes any of the Gabalfa housing estate. It is understood that these changes, which still remain controversial to this day, were brought about so that residents of Gabalfa and Mynachdy could then be charged the much higher rate of Poll Tax which was then being levied on anyone who was "a resident of Llandaff North". Llandaff North is located directly north of Llandaff but is an electoral ward which falls within the wider parliamentary constituency of Cardiff North. This constituency is known as a key marginal and is one of a handful within the United Kingdom which is decisive in a British General Election. Being mainly middle-class and "swing voters" the residents of Llandaff North are of some interest to national politicians.
Llandaff North is quite a small and quiet residential area which is served by a number of village shops, including cafes, a pharmacy and an artisan bakery. The south-western boundary of Llandaff North is formed by the River Taff which also separates Llandaff North from Llandaff. These two areas are linked by a road bridge which spans this river, where Llandaff Rowing Club is located, and which also provides a view of Llandaff Cathedral. The Welsh name, Ystum Taf, means "bend in the River Taff".
Llandaff North is also home to Hailey Park along the River Taff, with large playing fields, tennis courts and two children's playgrounds. The land that became Hailey Park was originally donated by Claude Hailey.
History
Llandaff North, along with Llandaff, was incorporated into Cardiff in 1922.
Population (June 1999) = 8,250 (Cardiff Research Centre Estimate)
Population (mid-2007) = 7,778 (Cardiff Research Centre Estimate, based on Office for National Statistics figures)
Population (2011) = 8,344 (United Kingdom Census)
Schools
Hawthorn Junior School and Hawthorn Infant School were amalgamated in June 2009 on the Infant school site to form Hawthorn Primary School, with large investment into new buildings and facilities. In 2016 Hawthorn Primary School was one of the most over-subscribed schools in Cardiff.
Cardiff Steiner School is an independent school that is part of the Steiner Waldorf education movement, with pupils from 3 to 18. It opened in 2013 in the former Hawthorn Junior School building.
Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf is a state secondary school based on the outskirts of Llandaff North. It is a Welsh-medium comprehensive school of non-denominational religion which serves some children from Llandaff North and from across south Wales.
Whitchurch High School is a state secondary school based in the Whitchurch area of Cardiff. It is an English-medium comprehensive school of non-denominational religion which serves the majority of state educated children in Llandaff North.
The Cathedral School is a preparatory and secondary school based in the Llandaff area of Cardiff. It is an independent boarding and day school which has strong links with Llandaff Cathedral. Parents in Llandaff North wanting to educate their children privately (but locally) send their children to this school.
Facilities
Llandaff North Medical Centre is a modern purpose built surgery constructed in 1997. Llandaff North Community Centre is centre for people to arrange meetings and mostly used for Old Aged Pensioner's Bingo. Hawthorn Junior School was closed in 2009 and Hawthorn Infant School has now incorporated the juniors section with large investment into new buildings and facilities. Llandaff North Library is located on Gabalfa Avenue.
Electoral ward
Llandaff North is both an electoral ward, and a community of the City of Cardiff. There is no community council for the area.
The electoral ward of Llandaff North falls within the parliamentary constituency of Cardiff North. It is bounded by the wards of Radyr & Morganstown to the northwest; Whitchurch & Tongwynlais to the north; Heath to the northeast; Gabalfa to the east; Rhiwbina to the southwest; and Llandaff to the south.
Transport
Llandaf railway station serves the area with services northbound to Treherbert, Merthyr Tydfil or Aberdare via Radyr and Pontypridd. Southbound services operate to Cardiff Central via Cardiff Queen Street.
Cardiff Bus services 24 (Llandaff-Pontcanna-Central Station) and 25 (Whitchurch-Birchgrove-Gabalfa-Cathays-Central Station) run frequently through the area.
Station Road leads north from Llandaff North towards Coryton and the M4 J32 Cardiff North. Bridge Road leads south into Llandaff and the city centre.
Sports Clubs
Llandaff North RFC
Llandaff Rowing Club – A sports rowing club based on the Llandaf bank of the River Taff, which uses the stretch of the river that forms the southern boundary of Llandaff North.
References
External links
Whitchurch And Llandaff North Web Site
Communities in Cardiff
Cardiff electoral wards
Toongi is a locality in Dubbo Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia.
References
Towns in the Central West (New South Wales)
Rear Admiral William Furlong Wise, (21 August 1784 – 29 April 1844) was a British naval officer.
Childhood
Wise was born at the family home in Woolston near Kingsbridge, Devon, the son of George Furlong Wise of Woolston and his wife, Jane (née Dacres). His mother was the sister of Vice-Admiral James Richard Dacres (1749–1810) and also of Vice-Admiral Sir Richard Dacres (1761–1837), two connections which would serve him well in his future naval career. Indeed, the name James Richard Dacres appears several times in Wise's lifetime because his uncle James Richard Dacres had a son, also called James Richard Dacres (1788–1853) who served alongside Wise at various times.
Early career
Wise entered the navy on 7 February 1797 on the frigate under his uncle Richard Dacres, and served, for the most part, with him on the home station, the coast of France, and in the West Indies.
On 1 May 1804 he was promoted to lieutenant of the at Jamaica. At that time his uncle Vice Admiral James Dacres was second in command on the Jamaica station, serving under Sir John Thomas Duckworth and flying his flag in the Franchise.
Wise was a lieutenant on when she was caught in a hurricane off the West Indies in September 1804. His fellow lieutenant on Theseus Edward Burt (later Captain) drew a set of four prints which are in the National Maritime Museum. Wise was to later commission Thomas Luny recreate two of them as oil paintings when they had both retired to Devon. Wise then spent a brief period on .
On 1 November 1805 (confirmed on 22 February 1806) he was promoted to commander of the Drake. On 14 January 1806 he was transferred to , a sloop of war which was previously under the command of his cousin Commander James Richard Dacres
On 5 May Elk, under Wise's command, captured a Spanish privateer rowboat armed with a swivel gun and small arms. The privateer was five days out of Santiago and had taken two doggers. Elk caught up with the privateer off Cape Cruz, Cuba, captured her and retook one of the doggers. The privateer was the Cubana, with a 14-man crew, only five of whom were still aboard.
HMS Mediator
On 18 May 1806 he was promoted to post-captain and appointed to the Mediator. On 16 February 1807 Wise in Mediator and James Richard Dacres in Bacchante led a raid on the fort at Samana.
He was subsequently awarded a sword worth £100 from Lloyd's Patriotic Fund, which bears the inscription "From the Patriotic Fund at Lloyd's to William Furlong Wise Esq. Capt. of H.M.S. Mediator for his Gallant Conduct in Storming and Destroying with the Seamen and Marines belonging to His Majesty's Ships Bacchante and Mediator the Fort and Cannon in the Harbour of Samana on 16th of February 1807 as Recorded in the London Gazette of the 25th of April" In July 1807 Wise was invalided out of Mediator, and spent some time in the West Indies recuperating.
Marriage
On 16 June 1810, he married Frances Grant Grenfell of England, the only daughter of William Grenfell. Fanny accompanied Wise on at least one voyage, as attested to by Captain Coggeshall of the Leo in his account of his capture and passage to Gibraltar as Wise's prisoner.
HMS Granicus - Bombardment of Algiers
In November 1813 Wise commissioned the 36-gun frigate Granicus.
On 2 December 1814 he captured the Leo, an American privateer of 6 guns and 76 men, near Cape Spartel
On 27 August 1816 in Granicus he was with Admiral Lord Exmouth at the Bombardment of Algiers. He was cited for notable action.
A contemporary wrote of the action: "The Granicus and Hebrus frigates, and the smaller vessels (except the bombs) being considered in the light of a corps-de-reserve, had not had any particular stations assigned to them, but were to bring up abreast of any openings they could find in the line of battle. Impelled onward by the ardent desire of filling the first of these openings, the Hebrus got becalmed by the heavy cannonade, and was obliged to anchor a little without the line, on the Queen Charlotte's larboard quarter. The Granicus, finding herself shooting fast ahead, hove to, with the intention of waiting until her companions had taken their stations. As, owing to the dense smoke which prevailed, nothing beyond the distance of a cable's length could be seen, except the Queen Charlotte's mast-head flag, Captain Wise allowed 10 minutes to elapse for the ships to anchor. The Granicus then filled, let fall her fore-sail, set top-gallant-sails, and, soon gaining fresh way, steered straight for a beacon that, phoenix-like, seemed to live in the hottest of the fire. With a display of intrepidity and of seamanship alike unsurpassed, Captain Wise anchored his frigate in a space scarcely exceeding her own length between the Queen Charlotte and Superb ; a station of which a three-decked line-of-battle ship might justly have been proud."
The Granicus, on this brilliant occasion, sustained a loss of 16 killed and 42 wounded; amongst the latter were Lieutenant Henry Augustus Perkins, and Messrs. Lewis Punbar Mitchell, Lewis Tobias Jones, George R. Glennie, and Dacres Furlong Wise, Midshipmen. The reference to Dacres Furlong Wise reminds us of the close links between Wise and Dacres family, he would likely have been the son of one of his uncles taken under Wise's wing as a midshipman on Granicus. On the second day after the battle, the following correspondence took place between Granicus crew and the Superbs:
"The ship's company of the little frigate that had the honour to lay between the Queen Charlotte and Superb, on the glorious 27th of August, 1816, beg leave to express their high admiration of the noble fire kept up by these ships on that glorious day, by which, in a great measure, the enemy's fire was drawn from his Majesty's ship Granicus."
Superb replied.
"The ship's company of the Superb returns their many thanks to the ship's company of the little frigate, for the high compliment they have been pleased to pay them, and have only to hope that should they ever again go into action, they may have a Granicus to support them.
Like many naval captains Wise commissioned Thomas Luny to do a painting of the bombardment for him. The paintings are all essentially similar to the one Luny did for Lord Exmouth that now hangs in the National Maritime Museum at Greenwich, the main dereferences being each particular Captain's vessel is centre stage.
On 21 September 1816, in recognition of Wise's contribution to the action at Algiers he was made a Companion of the Most Honorable Military Order of the Bath (CB).sfnp|Marshall|1827|pp=150–151}}
HMS Spartan - return to Algiers
On 6 January 1818 Wise was appointed to the frigate , which he commanded on the home station and in the West Indies until 1821. The Spartan was despatched to Algiers where Wise entered into a negotiation with the Dey, the result of which was, the payment of 35,000 dollars as a compensation for the property plundered on board the Misericordia, and an unqualified disavowal, on the part of the reigning Dey, of the act of his predecessor (who died of the plague on 1 March 1818) in sending away the representative of his Sardinian Majesty.
In 1819, Spartan visited Madeira, Dominica, Vera Cruz, Jamaica, Barbados, and Halifax.
In July 1820, she conveyed Lord Combermere from Barbados to England; and we subsequently find her proceeding to the Havannah, Charlestown, and New York ; from whence she returned to England, for the purpose of being paid off, in January 1821.
Retirement & death
Spartan returned to England, for the purpose of being paid off, in January 1821, after which Wise retired to Plymouth.
Wise was an active member of Plymouth civic society, becoming Mayor of Plymouth in 1829.
In 1832 when Plymouth suffered an outbreak of cholera, Wise was presented with a silver salver by Benjamin Smith III of London and inscribed "To William Furlong Wise Esq. Captain RN.CB. In testimony of his generous and unremitting exertions, regardless of all personal hazard, in behalf of the necessitous and afflicted, during the prevalence of Malignant Cholera in Plymouth 1832, Presented and inscribed by his fellow townsmen."
On 23 November 1841 Wise was appointed Rear-Admiral.
Wise died on 29 April 1844 at his residence, Hoegate House, Plymouth, after a week's illness.
Notes
References
(rev. Andrew Lambert)
James's Nav. Hist. 2d. edit. Vol. VI, p. 578. et seq.
1784 births
1844 deaths
Royal Navy personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Royal Navy admirals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Mayors of Plymouth
Royal Navy personnel of the Bombardment of Algiers (1816)
Military personnel from Devon
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1579.
Events
January 28 – Burmese language poets Nawrahta Minsaw and Hsinbyushin Medaw become king and queen consort of Lanna respectively.
February – Torquato Tasso arrives in Ferrara. Shortly afterwards he is confined in the Ospedale di Sant'Anna as insane; he remains here until 1586.
unknown dates – Bible of Kralice begins publication. The first complete translation of the Bible into the Czech language (with notes) is prepared by the Unity of the Brethren and published at Kralice nad Oslavou in Bohemia.
New books
John Frampton
A discourse of the Navigation which the Portugales doe Make to the Realmes and Provinces of the East Partes of the Worlde, and of the knowledge that growes by them of the great thinges, which are in the Dominion of China, first English work (translated from Bernardino de Escalante) devoted to China
The most noble and famous travels of Marco Polo, first English translation of The Travels of Marco Polo
Stephen Gosson – The Schoole of Abuse, containing a pleasant invective against Poets, Pipers, Plaiers, Jesters and such like Caterpillars of the Commonwealth
Martin de Hoyarçabal – Les voyages aventureux du Capitaine Martin de Hoyarsal, habitant du çubiburu
Thomas Lodge – Honest Excuses
Thomas North – The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romanes (Plutarch's Parallel Lives translated from Amyot's French version)
Piotr Skarga – Żywoty świętych (Lives of the Saints)
Poetry
Edmund Spenser – The Shepheardes Calender
Births
February 9 – Johannes Meursius, Dutch classical scholar (died 1639)
August 1 – Luís Vélez de Guevara, Spanish dramatist and novelist (died 1644)
August 23 – Thomas Dempster, Scottish Catholic scholar and historian (died 1625)
September 16 – Samuel Coster, Dutch dramatist (died 1665)
October 4 – Guido Bentivoglio, Italian statesman and historian (died 1644)
December 20 (baptised) – John Fletcher, English dramatist (died 1625)
Unknown dates
Chimalpahin, Aztec historian (died 1660)
Arthur Johnston, Scottish poet and physician (died 1641)
Johannes Messenius, Swedish historian and dramatist (died 1636)
Rhys Prichard, Welsh-language religious poet (died 1644)
Francis Rous, English religious writer (died 1659)
Walter Yonge of Colyton, English diarist (died 1649)
Deaths
March 12 – Alessandro Piccolomini, Italian philosopher (born 1508)
June 10 – William Whittingham, English Biblical scholar and translator (born 1524)
November 21 – Cipriano Piccolpasso, Italian poet and author (born 1524)
Unknown dates
Giovanni Battista Adriani, Italian historian (born 1511 or 1513)
Alonso de Molina, Spanish grammarian and lexicographer (born c. 1513)
William Seres, English printer
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Azizbek Haydarov (Uzbek Cyrillic: Азизбек Ҳайдаров; born 8 July 1985 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek professional footballer who plays for PFC Lokomotiv Tashkent as a defensive midfielder.
International career
Haydarov has made 67 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team since 2007 (as of 31 March 2015), including six qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
He captained the Uzbekistan Olympic team in 2007. Haydarov scored for Uzbekistan at the 2011 AFC Asian Cup, in their group stage match against Kuwait. The goal is sometimes credited to Maksim Shatskikh, whose free kick Haydarov deflected into the Kuwait net for the opening goal of a 2–1 win.
International goals
Scores and results list Uzbekistan's goals tally first.
Honours
Bunyodkor
Uzbek League (3): 2008, 2009, 2010
Uzbek Cup (2): 2008, 2010
AFC Champions League semifinal: 2008
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tashkent
Uzbekistani footballers
Uzbekistan international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
FC Bunyodkor players
Uzbekistani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistani expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai players
Ajman Club players
UAE Pro League players
Association football midfielders
Asian Games competitors for Uzbekistan
Jiang Peng (Chinese: 姜鹏; born 6 March 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.
Club career
In 2010, Jiang Peng started his professional footballer career with Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League. He would eventually make his league debut for Liaoning on 28 September 2012 in a game against Tianjin Teda.
Club career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 4 November 2014
References
1989 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
Liaoning F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
The Georgetown Hoyas softball team represents Georgetown University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big East Conference. In 2021, the team is led by head coach Pat Conlan and assistant coach Monique White. The team plays its home games at Washington Nationals Youth Academy. The team was established in 2006, and played as an independent for three seasons before joining the Big East in 2009.
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
Stoke is a historic farm property at 23587 Stoke Farm Lane in rural Loudoun County, Virginia, near the hamlet of Aldie. Its main house, set one mile down the entrance drive, is an 1840 Greek Revival farmhouse that underwent a major transformation in 1907 in the Renaissance Revival style. The property includes an early 20th-century swimming pool, tennis court, and landscaped garden with wall fountain, in addition to a complex of farm outbuildings, many dating to the 1920s. The gardens were developed by noted horticulturalist Eleanor Truax Harris.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Loudoun County, Virginia
References
Plantations in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1840
Houses in Loudoun County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Loudoun County, Virginia
The Fantastical Portraits or Fantasy Portraits (French: Portraits de fantaisie) are a series of portraits by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard, mostly dating to 1769. It is said they were executed in a single hour, from which they gained the Italian name fa' presto (made quickly).
References
Pierre Cabanne, Fragonard, Paris, Somogy, 1987, 1e éd., 156 p. (), p. 57 and 58
Paintings by Jean-Honoré Fragonard
1769 paintings
18th-century portraits
Portraits of men
Hordley is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains eight listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Hordley, and all the listed buildings are in or near the village. Most of the listed buildings are memorials in the churchyard of St Mary's Church, which is also listed. The other two listed buildings are houses.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
Amos Botsford (January 31, 1744 – September 14, 1812) was a lawyer, judge, landowner and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Westmorland County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1786 to 1812.
He was born in Newton, Connecticut Colony, the son of Gideon Botsford, a farmer, and Bertha Bennett and was educated at Yale College. He studied law with Jared Ingersoll, was admitted to the bar and taught law at Yale. In 1770, he married Sarah Chandler. Because Botsford remained loyal to Britain, his property was confiscated and, in July 1779, he left Connecticut.
In 1782, he was sent to Nova Scotia with a group of Loyalists from New York state; Botsford helped identify possible areas in the region for loyalist settlements. In 1784, he moved to Dorchester, New Brunswick. Botsford was named clerk of the peace, judge for the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and registrar of deeds for Westmorland. He was chosen as speaker for the first legislative assembly and performed that function until his death in Saint John in 1812. Botsford opposed the choice of St Anne's Point (later Fredericton) as the capital of New Brunswick. Besides his law practice, he also farmed and rented farm land and owned a retail business.
His son William also represented the county in the legislative assembly and later became a judge in the province's Supreme Court. His grandson Amos Edwin Botsford served in the Senate of Canada.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1744 births
1812 deaths
Yale Law School alumni
Yale Law School faculty
Loyalists in the American Revolution from Connecticut
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
People of colonial Connecticut
United Empire Loyalists
Canadian people of English descent
Colony of New Brunswick judges
Yale College alumni
Gheorghe Cornea is a former professional football player of Romanian nationality converted into a professional football coach. He was born on July 7, 1967 in the Romanian city of Târgu Jiu.
Professional football career
Cornea played professional football in Romania and Morocco, his best season involved scoring 14 goals for Oţelul Galaţi in the 1994–95 Divizia A season.
In addition he has been selected several times in the national team of Romania.
Fotbal Club Oțelul Galați (Romania)
Asociația Clubul de Fotbal Gloria 1922 Bistrița (Romania)
Fotbal Club Brașov (Romania)
Asociația Clubul de Fotbal Gloria 1922 Bistrița (Romania)
Maghreb Association sportive de Fès (Morocco)
Hassania Union Sport d'Agadir (Morocco)
Professional coach career
Gheorghe Cornea is a very rich professional coach. He has worked in Africa, the Middle East and of course Europe.
He trained in the best leagues in these regions, and had many great players under his supervision.
He has not only been a club coach, but he has also trained national teams.
He was also Technical Director in some of the clubs where he worked.
2004-2005 : Minerul Certej (Romania)
Coach of the professional team
2005-2006 : CS Mureșul Deva (Romania)
Coach of the professional team
2006-2008 : Hassania Union Sport d'Agadir (Morocco)
Coach of the U-21 football team
2008-2009 : Al Shabab Riyadh (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)
Coach of the professional team
2008-2009 : Al Shabab Riyadh (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)
Assistant Coach of the professional team
September 2009-December 2009 : Al Nasr Salalah (Oman)
Assistant Coach of the professional team
January 2010-May 2010 : Al-Taawoun Football Club (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)
Assistant Coach of the professional team
2010-2011 : CS CFR Simeria (Romania)
Coach of the professional team
August 2011-December 2011 : Ohod Club (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)
Coach of the professional team
January 2012-June 2012 : Al-Taawoun Football Club (Saudi Arabia)
Coach of the professional team
2012-2013 : AFC Fortuna Poiana Campina (Romania)
Coach of the professional team
2013-2014 : Hassania Union Sport d'Agadir (Morocco)
Technical Director
2014-2016 : U-18 Romania National Team
National Team Coach of the U-18 national team
July 2016-January 2017 : Qatar Sports Club (Qatar)
Assistant Coach of the professional team
2017-2018 : CNS Cetate Deva (Romania)
Coach of the professional team
2018-2019: Al-Shorta El-Gadarif (Sudan)
Coach of the professional team
2019- : Al-Hazm Rass (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)
Assistant Coach of the professional team
Honors
As a Coach:
U21 Champion of Morocco 2008
Vice champion of Saudi Arabia 2010
Promote in Saudi Arabia Premier League 2010
As a player:
Champion of Morocco with Hassania Union Sport d'Agadir
Champion of Romania
Winner of the Cup of Romania
Personal life
Gheorghe Cornea speaks fluently Romanian, French and English. He also can understand Arabic.
Degrees and Titles
UEFA Football Coach License recognized by FIFA
Engineer's degree in metallurgy
Member of the Football Commission of the Romanian Football Federation
References
1967 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
ASC Oțelul Galați players
Sportspeople from Târgu Jiu
Regenerative cacao is defined as cacao (also known as "cocoa") that is produced on a farm that employs regenerative agroforestry methods. It is most closely associated with the Ecuadorian chocolate company To'ak, the organic food supplier Navitas, the rainforest conservation organization TMA (Third Millennium Alliance), and the social-agricultural enterprise Terra Genesis. Cacao is the raw material that is used to produce chocolate.
Regenerative cacao is characterized by biodiverse agroforestry plantations in which cacao trees are grown in the shade of other trees, mimicking a natural forest ecosystem. This form of cultivation is used as a method to restore the forest canopy on abandoned cattle pasture and other areas of deforested agricultural land. It is generally regarded as a “win-win” strategy of sustainable land management, in which farmers can generate food and revenue while regenerating the forest.
The regenerative cacao movement is a reaction against monoculture cacao plantations, which is often a cause of deforestation in the tropics.
Agroforestry
The eco-friendliness of cacao farming entirely depends on where and how the cacao trees are planted. When planted in a monoculture, cacao farming can be ecologically destructive. When planted in an agroforestry setting, it can be regenerative. This principle is the basis for regenerative cacao.
Agroforestry has long been touted as an ecologically sustainable method of agricultural production. It is best described as an agricultural method that grows crops in the form of a forest. For example, incorporating fruit trees, timber trees, and nitrogen-fixing trees that improve soil fertility—all in the same parcel of land.
Regenerative agroforestry uses this principle as a mechanism for forest restoration. One of the benefits of this approach is a net removal of CO2 from the atmosphere. Other benefits include enhanced yields from staple food crops, enhanced farmer livelihoods from income generation, increased biodiversity, improved soil structure and health, and reduced erosion. In general terms, regenerative agroforestry is a form of regenerative agriculture that employs mostly trees rather than annual crops.
Cacao trees, which are native to the rainforests of Ecuador, are naturally adapted to survive and thrive in the understory of the tropical forest. This, combined with the ever-increasing global demand for chocolate, makes cacao trees an ideal component of agroforestry plantations in the tropics.
Climate change mitigation
Regenerative cacao is also reported to have climate change mitigation benefits. Cacao-based agroforestry was measured to sequester 4.7 to 9.3 tons of CO2 per hectare per year in Central America and up to 17.9 tons of CO2 per hectare per year in Ecuador.
Regenerative cacao in practice
The luxury Ecuadorian chocolate company To'ak and the rainforest conservation organization TMA (Third Millennium Alliance) jointly manage a regenerative cacao project in coastal Ecuador, specifically with the agricultural communities that surround the Jama-Coaque Ecological Reserve. The program was designed as a strategy to reverse the trend of deforestation of the Pacific Equatorial Forest (also known as the Pacific Forest of Ecuador).
TMA provides local farmers with start-up capital, seedlings, irrigation equipment, and financial incentives to convert deforested land into regenerative forests. The program is financed by carbon offset revenue, which provides bridge income to the farmers for the first five years, before the cacao trees reach productive age. Once the cacao trees start to produce cacao pods, To'ak offers to purchase the cacao at premium prices—at least 3x higher than local market prices.
Jerry Toth, one of TMA's co-founders, says, “As many cacao farmers will readily admit, planting cacao trees is the easy part. The hard part is finding a buyer willing to pay fair prices. This is where To'ak's role becomes indispensable.” To'ak, which is known for selling the most expensive chocolate in the world, pays cacao growers the highest prices in the world—200% to 800% above Fair Trade prices, depending on the Cru.
Ancient Nacional cacao is believed to be cultivated in only three appellations in the world: in the Jama-Coaque mountains and the valley of Piedra de Plata in Ecuador, and in Marañón Canyon in Peru.
Navitas, a California-based company that sells organic cacao powder, sources regenerative cacao from the Liloma Cocoa Cooperative in Sierra Leone, which is Regenerative Organic Certified. “Regenerative farming is a holistic way of growing food that closely mimics nature's design, and goes beyond simply sustaining our natural resources, to replenishing or regenerating them,” says Zach Adelman, co-founder and CEO of Navitas Organics.
Terra Genesis's regenerative cacao project is also based in coastal Ecuador and extends into coastal Colombia.
As a response to deforestation
The World Cocoa Foundation reported that deforestation is a major issue in many cacao-growing regions, particularly in West Africa, where Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana collectively produce nearly two-thirds of the world's supply of cocoa. Research published by Mighty Earth revealed that, in the period between January 2019 and January 2022 alone, 58,918 hectares of forest was replaced with cacao plantations in Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana combined. Confectionary News reports that in Indonesia, 687,000 hectares (1.7 million acres) were cleared for cocoa between 1988 and 2007.
Etelle Higonnet, Mighty Earth's legal and campaign director, says that one solution is for the chocolate industry to switch to agroforestry and shade-grown cacao, and that cacao traceability mechanisms need to be greatly improved.
References
Agroecology
Climate change and agriculture
Deforestation
Cocoa production
Prince Bishop (foaled 10 February 2007) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He began his racing career in France as a three-year-old where he won the Prix du Prince d'Orange and the Prix du Conseil de Paris in 2010. He was later transferred to Dubai where he was based at Meydan Racecourse. He made occasional returns to compete in Europe and won the September Stakes in both 2013 and 2014. In March 2015 he won the world's most valuable race, the Dubai World Cup.
Background
Prince Bishop is a chestnut gelding bred in Ireland by Thurso Ltd. He was sired by Dubawi a top-class son of Dubai Millennium, whose wins included the Irish 2,000 Guineas and the Prix Jacques Le Marois. At stud, Dubawi has been a highly-successful breeding stallion, siring major winners such as Monterosso, Al Kazeem, Makfi, Lucky Nine and Night of Thunder. Prince Bishop's dam North East Bay was a North American-bred mare who finished unplaced in her only race. North East Bay was descended from Topsy, a half-sister to The Derby winner Teenoso and a close relative of Sir Percy, Harayir and Rule of Law.
As a foal, Prince Bishop was consigned to the Tattersalls sale in November, where he was bought for 80,000 guineas by Meadowlands Bloodstock. He entered the ownership of Sheikh Mohammed and was sent into training in France with André Fabre.
Racing career
2010: three-year-old season
Prince Bishop made his racecourse debut at Chantilly Racecourse on 3 May 2010 when he finished third in a maiden race over 1600 metres. He finished unplaced in his next two starts before recording his first success over 2000 metres at Vichy Racecourse, winning by ten lengths on heavy ground. After winning at odds of 3/5 at Deauville-Clairefontaine Racecourse in August Prince Bishop was moved up in class to contest the Group Three Prix du Prince d'Orange at Longchamp Racecourse on 18 September. Ridden as in all of his previous races by Maxime Guyon he appeared outpaced in the early stages but produced a strong late run to win a four-way photo finish from Wealthy, Rajamah and Lancelot. Commenting on the winner, Guyon said "He's a very progressive colt and the soft ground suited him". Olivier Peslier took over the ride when Prince Bishop was matched against older horses for the first time in the Prix du Conseil de Paris at Longchamp on 17 October. he raced in fifth before taking the lead 200 metres from the finish and holding off the challenge of the favourite Cirrus des Aigles to win by a short neck.
2011: four-year-old season
In early 2011, Prince Bishop was transferred to Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin in Dubai where he was trained by Saeed bin Suroor. He made little impact on the Tapeta surface at Meydan Racecourse, finishing fifth in the third round of the Al Maktoum Challenge and tenth behind Victoire Pisa in the 2011 Dubai World Cup. Later that year he returned to Europe and finished unplaced in the Winter Hill Stakes at Windsor Racecourse and the Stand Cup at Chester. On his final appearance of the season he was dropped in class and started at odds of 6/1 for the Listed Floodlit Stakes on the Polytrack surface at Kempton on 2 November. Ridden by Silvestre De Sousa he took the lead two furlongs from the finish, went clear of the field and won by three and three quarter lengths from Parlour Games.
2012: five-year-old season
In 2012, Prince Bishop was campaigned exclusively at Meydan, and recorded his first win at the track when carrying top weight of 132 pounds to a five and a quarter length victory in a handicap race on 20 January. He finished fifth in the second round of the Al Maktoum Challenge and third in the third round of the series before running for the second time in the Dubai World Cup. Starting a 33/1 outsider he finished seventh of the thirteen runners, seven and a half lengths behind his stablemate Monterosso.
2013: six-year-old season
As a six-year-old, Prince Bishop finished third to his stablemate Hunter's Light in the second and third rounds of the Al Maktoum Challenge. On Dubai World Cup Night he was moved up in distance to contest the Dubai Sheema Classic over one and a half miles on turf. Ridden by Mickael Barzalona he never looked likely to make a serious challenge and finished tenth of the eleven runners behind St Nicholas Abbey. Prince Bishop made his first appearance in Europe for twenty-two months when he contested the Group Three September Stakes at Kempton on 7 September. Ridden by Kieren Fallon started 7/1 fourth choice in the betting behind Royal Empire (winner of the Geoffrey Freer Stakes), Main Sequence and Masterstroke (Grand Prix de Deauville, third in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe). He tracked the leaders before producing a sustained run in the straight to catch Main Sequence in the final strides and win by a head. On his final run of the year, Prince Bishop ran very poorly in the St Simon Stakes on heavy ground at Newbury Racecourse, finishing tailed-off last of the eight runners.
2014: seven-year-old season
Prince Bishop began his fifth season in the second round of the Al Maktoum Challenge at Meydan. Ridden by Fallon, he started at 14/1 and was the least fancied of the three Godolphin runners behind African Story and Hunter's Light. The other runners included Dunaden, Heavy Metal (Durban July Handicap), and Battle of Marengo (Derrinstown Stud Derby Trial). Fallon sent Prince Bishop into the lead 700 metres from the finish and stayed on in the straight to win by one and a quarter lengths from African Story. Prince Bishop faced African Story again in the third round of the challenge on 8 March and started 5/1 second favourite behind his stablemate. He raced in mid-division before taking the lead in the straight and winning by one and a quarter length from Sanshaawes with Joshua Tree in sixth and African Story in eighth. Three weeks later, Prince Bishop started at odds of 8/1 in his third bid for the Dubai World Cup. He started slowly, never looked likely, and finished ninth of the sixteen runners behind African Story. On his only European run of 2014, Prince Bishop attempted to repeat his 2013 success in the September Stakes at Kempton. He started at odds of 15/2 in a field headed by his stablemate Secret Number (winner of the Cumberland Lodge Stakes), with the other runners including Red Cadeaux ,(Hong Kong Vase) and Dandino (winner of the race in 2012). Ridden by Frederik Tylicki and carrying top weight of 138 pounds he took the lead a furlong out and won by two lengths from Secret Number. After the race Tylicki said, "He's not run for 161 days but he felt like there was a lot left. It was a very smart performance giving weight away in what was probably one of the best Group 3s you'll see".
2015: eight-year-old season
Before the start of the 2015 season, the Tapeta surface at Meydan was removed and replaced with a dirt track. For the fifth year in succession, Prince Bishop began his campaign by contesting the Al Maktoum Challenge, finishing second by a head to Frankyfourfingers in the second round on 5 February. He started 6/4 favourite for the third leg on 7 March but failed by a neck to overhaul African Story with Frankyfourfingers in fourth place.
On 28 March, Prince Bishop, ridden by William Buick, ran for the fourth time in the Dubai World Cup. The return to dirt saw a strong challenge from North America, and the betting was headed by the American Horse of the Year California Chrome at odds of 5/4 with the Donn Handicap winner Lea next in the market on 4/1. Japan was represented by the Japan Cup winner Epiphaneia and the Japanese dirt champion Hokko Tarumae. African Story was made an 8/1 chance to repeat his 2014 success whilst Prince Bishop started at odds of 14/1. He raced towards the rear of the field and appeared to be struggling as Hokko Tarumae set a strong pace from African Story and California Chrome. He began to make progress at half distance and moved up on the outside to challenge for the lead on the final turn. He overtook California Chrome 300 metres from the finish and drew away to win by two and three quarter lengths. After the race, Buick said, "I don't go numb very often but I can't explain what I'm feeling right now. He has a very unorthodox was of racing so I took him out of the kickback in the back and when I got onto California Chrome's tail, he picked up the bridle and ran on well in the end. He likes the surface now that he has the experience, he is better than he was. This is just nuts."
On 23 April, it was announced that Prince Bishop would be retired from racing. African Story was retired on the same day, and Saeed bin Suroor paid tribute to the pair, saying, "They were very tough and reliable racehorses... they could adapt quickly to their environment no matter where in the world they were taken to race."
Pedigree
Prince Bishop is inbred 4x4 to Mr. Prospector, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generations of his pedigree.
References
External links
Career 1-2-3 Colour Chart – Prince Bishop
2007 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in France
Dubai World Cup winners
Racehorses trained in the United Arab Emirates
Thoroughbred family 3-c
Corden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charles Corden (1874–1924), English cricketer, who played 17 times for Worcestershire between 1900 and 1903
Henry Corden (1920–2005), Canadian-born American actor and voice artist who took over the role of Fred Flintstone after Alan Reed died in 1977
James Corden (born 1978), English actor, television writer, producer and presenter
W. Max Corden (born 1927), Australian economist
Wayne Corden (born 1975), professional footballer currently playing for Non League side Leek Town
William Corden the Elder (1795–1867), English portrait painter and miniaturist known for his commissions from the Royal Family in the 19th century
See also
Horne & Corden, British sketch show
James Corden's World Cup Live, comedy chat show hosted by comedian James Corden during the 2010 FIFA World Cup
List of Horne & Corden episodes
Victoria Hanna (ויקטוריה חנה; a stage name consisting of her first and middle names) is an Israeli singer-songwriter.
Biography
Victoria Hanna was brought up in an ultra-Orthodox Mizrahi Jewish family in Jerusalem by an Egyptian rabbi father and a Persian mother. She stuttered as a child. She was born in and lives in Jerusalem, and has three children. She studied acting in Nissan Nativ's acting studio.
Music career
Hanna composes all of her songs. She released her first video single, a song called "Aleph Bet", the name of the Hebrew alphabet, in February 2015. It went viral on YouTube, with over million hits. Hanna's second video single, which she came out with later in 2015, is "22 Letters." It has been described as Kabbalistic rap, and is based on Sefer Yetzira (the Book of Formation, or Book of Creation). Forbes listed her as one of Israel's 50 most influential women in 2015. She promoted her debut album in 2017.
Hanna sang in the Opening Ceremonies of the 2017 Maccabiah Games.
See also
Music of Israel
References
Relevant literature
Busau, Filip. 2016. Victoria Hannas Kunst: Zwischen Gebet, Popkultur und Interpretation. Freie Universität Berlin, Institut für Judaistik.
External links
Official website
Victoria Hanna on Facebook
ויקטוריה חנה Victoria Hanna on YouTube
Living people
21st-century Israeli women singers
Israeli women singer-songwriters
Israeli people of Iranian-Jewish descent
Israeli people of Egyptian-Jewish descent
Jewish singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Israeli Mizrahi Jews
Mizrahi singers
The Albert Einstein World Award for Science is an annual award given by the World Cultural Council "as a means of recognition and encouragement for scientific and technological research and development", with special consideration for researches which "have brought true benefit and well being to mankind". Named for physicist and theoretician Albert Einstein (1879–1955); the award includes a diploma, a commemorative medal, and US$10,000.
The recipient of the award is evaluated and elected by an Interdisciplinary Committee, which is composed of world-renowned scientists, among them 25 Nobel laureates.
Award recipients
See also
Leonardo da Vinci World Award of Arts
José Vasconcelos World Award of Education
Albert Einstein Medal
Albert Einstein Award
Prizes named after people
List of things named after Albert Einstein
List of physics awards
List of general science and technology awards
References
External links
Science and technology awards
Physics awards
Albert Einstein
Awards established in 1984
Angoram-Middle Sepik Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Changriwa (Changriwa language speakers)
02. Marambao
03. Kanduanum
04. Krinjambi
05. Tambari
06. Agrumara
07. Yuarma
08. Mundomundo
09. Kambrindo
10. Moim
11. Pinang
12. Magendo 1
13. Magendo 2
15. Ex Service Camp
16. Angoram Village
17. Gavieng Resett 1
18. Gavieng Resett 2
19. Gavieng Resett 3
20. Gavieng Resett 4
21. Tambunum
22. Wombun
23. Timbunke
24. Angriman
25. Mindimbit
26. Kamanimbit
27. Kararau
28. Timboli
29. Indigum
30. Chikinumbu
31. Chimbian
32. Saui
33. Kingavi
34. Koiwat (Koiwat language speakers)
35. Paimbit
81. Angoram Urban
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Frederic Michael Tarnok (born November 24, 1998) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Amateur career
Tarnok attended Riverview High School in Riverview, Florida, where he played baseball. In 2017, his senior year, he went 7–0 with a 0.66 ERA while also batting .393. Following his senior season, he was selected by the Atlanta Braves in the third round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft. He signed with the Braves, forgoing his commitment to play college baseball at the University of Tampa.
Professional career
Tarnok made his professional debut with the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League Braves, going 0–3 with a 2.57 ERA over 14 innings. In 2018, he pitched with the Rome Braves of the Class A South Atlantic League, with whom he was named an All-Star. Over 27 games (11 starts), Tarnok went 5–5 with a 3.96 ERA, striking out 83 batters over innings. Tarnok missed time during the 2019 season due to injury, but still started 19 games for the Florida Fire Frogs of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League, pitching to a 3–7 record with a 4.87 ERA. He did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Tarnok missed the beginning of the 2021 season while rehabbing and made his first appearance in mid-June for Rome, now members of the High-A East. After innings pitched with Rome, he was promoted to the Mississippi Braves of the Double-A South in mid-July with whom he finished the year. Over 16 games (14 starts) between the two teams, Tarnok went 6–4 with a 3.44 ERA and 109 strikeouts over innings.
On November 18, 2021, the Braves selected Tarnok's contract and added him to the 40-man roster. He returned to Mississippi to begin the 2022 season. In early July, he was promoted to the Gwinnett Stripers of the Triple-A International League. On August 16, 2022, Tarnok was called up to the majors. He made his MLB debut on August 17 from the bullpen. He pitched two-thirds of an inning with no hits or walks and a strikeout.
Personal life
Tarnok's parents are Jeff and Neung. He has a brother, Christopher, and a half-brother, Nick. Through his mother, Tarnok is of Thai descent.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Atlanta Braves players
Baseball players from Florida
Florida Fire Frogs players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Gwinnett Stripers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mississippi Braves players
People from Brandon, Florida
Rome Braves players
American sportspeople of Thai descent
The Henderson County Courthouse, also known as the Historic Henderson County Courthouse and the Old Henderson County Courthouse, is a historic 3-story brick gold-domed Classical Revival style courthouse building located at One Historic Courthouse Square, corner of 1st and Main streets in Hendersonville, North Carolina.
It is Henderson County's second courthouse and is adjacent to site of the 1840s courthouse which was razed upon its completion. Famed architect Frank Pierce Milburn was asked in 1903 to design the new courthouse, but the county commissioners rejected his design and instead hired Englishman Richard Sharp Smith, who was the resident architect of the Biltmore Estate after the death of Richard Morris Hunt in 1895. Construction by local builder W. F. Edwards began in 1904 and was completed in July, 1905.
The old courthouse was closed for renovations after the completion of a new courthouse at 200 North Grove Street in 1995. The restored 1905 courthouse currently houses the Henderson County Heritage Museum and some government offices.
On May 10, 1979, the Historic Henderson County Courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the Main Street Historic District.
External links
Henderson County Heritage Museum Website
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Government buildings completed in 1905
Museums in Henderson County, North Carolina
County courthouses in North Carolina
Clock towers in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Henderson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Henderson County, North Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in North Carolina
1905 establishments in North Carolina
Hendersonville, North Carolina
Jean Trasenster (nicknamed Ginet) was a Belgian driver of rally marathons.
Biography
In 1931 he became famous in the Liège-Rome-Liège (Marathon of the Road) rally, with Baron Orban on a Bugatti 3000.
He also participated in numerous events of the Total 24 Hours of Spa before and after the war with Franz Breye, first with Bugatti (2000 and 3000), then on a Delage D6-3L.
Awards
Hill Climb La Sauvenière in Spa, Belgium, with distance: 1929, in a Bugatti Torpédo 15 HP;
Quintuple winner of Liège-Rome-Liège (Marathon de la route): 1934, 1935, 1938, 1939 all on Bugatti with Alphonse Evrard (1) et Franz Breyre (3)), ten in 1953 with Lancia on a Lancia Aurelia B20 GT, with co-driver Johnny Claes in the first European Rally Championship;
3rd in Rally of Morocco in 1934 with female copilot Max Thirion, in a Bugatti Type 44.
References
External links
Jean Trasenster at www.racingsportscars.com.
Belgian racing drivers
Belgian rally drivers
Date of death missing
Date of birth missing
Luciano Xavier Cunha, known as Assis (born 27 February 1979), is a Brazilian footballer.
Luciano made his professional debut for Iraty Sport Club in the Campeonato Paranaense.
In August 2003 Luciano transferred to Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk. After, he played for L.D. Alajuelense in Costa Rica. Luciano was transferred from the United Arab Emirates side Dibba Al-Fujairah Cultural S.C. to Goiânia Esporte Clube on March 8, 2007 He spent the following season with Palmas Futebol e Regatas in the Campeonato Tocantinense.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
L.D. Alajuelense footballers
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk players
Liga FPD players
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Costa Rica
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Palmas Futebol e Regatas players
Iraty Sport Club players
Dibba FC players
Goiânia Esporte Clube players
Thomas Wood (1607–1692) was an English churchman, Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry from 1671 to 1692.
Life
Thomas was the third son of Thomas Wood (1565–1649) and Susanna Cranmer (1570–1650). He was baptised on 22 July 1607 in the Church of St. John's in then fashionable Hackney, where his grandfather Henry had bought land and built a country house at Clapton on the edge of Hackney Downs.
Edmond Chester Waters writes in 1877:
He was educated at Westminster School amongst the King's Scholars, and was elected in 1627 to a studentship at Christ Church, Oxford, where he proceeded B.A. on 27 April 1631, and M.A. on 24 April 1634. He had in the meantime taken Holy Orders, and was, by the influence of his family at Court, appointed at the age of 28 a chaplain in ordinary to the King, who presented him in the same year, on 2 July 1635, to the Rectory of Whickham in the county of Durham. He proceeded B.D. on 15 May 1641, and was created D.D. by dispensation on 13 March in the next year.
About the same time he obtained from Charles I a royal mandate to the Bishop of Durham to present him on the next vacancy to a prebendal stall in his cathedral, but before this appointment was completed, his course of preferment was interrupted by the Civil War, and he was ejected from his living by the Parliament. He employed this period of compulsory leisure in travelling abroad, and spent some years in Italy. He made a long stay at Rome, where he was confirmed in that strong dislike of Popery and High Church observance which distinguished him through life.
After his return to England he lived in retirement on his patrimony at Hackney until the Restoration, when he was restored to the Rectory of Whickham by the House of Commons. At the same time he was reinstated as one of the chaplains in ordinary at Court, and on 15 June 1660 he made petition to the King to give effect to the mandate of Charles I. by bestowing upon him the Prebend at Durham, which had been vacant since the death of the Bishop of Exeter on 7 December 1659. His suit was supported by the powerful influence of his brother Sir Henry Wood, and he was presented on 7 July 1660 to the 11th stall in Durham Cathedral. He was duly installed on 10 December. following, and held this preferment in commendam until his death. In February 1663-4 he was promoted to the Deanery of Lichfield, when Dr. Paul was made Bishop of Oxford.
The Dean married, about Michaelmas 1666, Grace Clavering, the youngest sister of Sir James Clavering Bart. of Axwell Park, who was his parishioner at Whickham. The disagreements arising from their disparity of 29 years were maliciously dwelt upon by his brother Canons. The Tanner Mss. in the Bodleian contain a mass of correspondence relating to Dr. Wood, and it is difficult to decide whether he was more detested at Lichfield or Durham. His puritanical principles made him hateful to the Bishops of both dioceses, who were High Churchmen, and were zealously engaged in restoring the fabric and ornaments of their cathedrals, whilst his personal meanness and avarice were a bye-word with his brother Prebendaries. And there is no doubt that the Dean was a constant invalid, although he lived to a great age.
It is not surprising that the Dean's wife was of one mind with her husband in his puritanical opinions and his partiality to the Nonconformists, for all her family associations were connected with the extreme Protestant party at Newcastle upon Tyne.
He was now living in open warfare with the residing Canons of Lichfield, who served him on 19 February 1667–8 with formal articles of complaint. The success with which the Dean set at defiance all complaints of his conduct, and his brother's position at Court, caused then a general expectation at Durham and Lichfield that he would be promoted to the next vacant bishopric.
And that was realised in the following year, for when Sir Henry Wood concluded with Lord Treasurer Clifford the treaty for the marriage of his only surviving child Mary to the King's eldest son by the Duchess of Cleveland, it was part of the bargain that the vacant bishopric of Lichfield should be given to his brother. Accordingly, the Dean was elected Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry on 9 June 1671, and was consecrated at Lambeth on 2 July by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
At the same time and place, Dr. Nathaniel Crew (afterwards Lord Crew and Bishop of Durham) was consecrated Bishop of Oxford. He was a prelate of the same type as Bishop Wood, and resembled him in many circumstances of his career. They were both cadets of influential families, and owed their advancement to family interest at Court without any pretension to professional merit. Both eventually succeeded to great estates of inheritance, and died without issue. Each of these Bishops was regarded by the Clergy of his time as a scandal to his order and the Church, but is remembered for munificence and for charitable foundations which are still in existence.
Bishop Wood was a great benefactor to Christ Church, Oxford, for he contributed liberally in his lifetime to the rebuilding of the large quadrangle and by his Will he left in trust for students lands of above 200 l. a year, and 3000 l. in money. His arms are graven on the gateway at Christ Church, and his portrait by Lely hangs in the College Hall.
He also built two hospitals for the aged poor, one at Clapton, and the other at Ufford. And his Will contained charitable bequests to the poor of Durham, Chester, Whickham, and Hackney.
His family
In his last years Bishop Wood defended his kinsman Anthony Wood against an attack by Bishop Gilbert Burnet. The Wood family came from Lancashire and the name Wood is common amongst the yeomanry. Anthony told us in his diaries that the family arrived in Oxfordshire in the household of the 6th Earl of Derby. The precise relationship between both branches of the family is not yet established, but it is known that the Bishop's grandfather Henry served in the household of Elizabeth I. At a very early age his father served there too, was Clerk of the Queen's Pastry in 1601 and was promoted Sergeant in the next reign. After the Restoration the Bishop's generation became people of consequence.
The eldest brother of Bishop Wood, Sir Henry Wood 1st Bt. (1597–1671) became a great landowner, who was not tempted by the bargains of the time, because his purchases were confined to voluntary sales by private owners. They include the manor and advowson of Whepsted, the manor and priory of Campsey, and the manors of Ufford, Syleham, Staverton, Eyke, Blyford, Hollesley-cum-Sutton, Dunningsworth, Elmeswell, Woolpit, and Drinkeston, all in Suffolk. He chose as his seat Loudham Park in the parish of Ufford, Suffulk.
As Treasurer in the Royal Household he did not desert Queen Henrietta Maria (1609–1669) when fortunes were at their lowest ebb or because his salary had long been unpaid; he even advanced out money of his own resources for payment. His long and faithful services to the Royal Family - and that of his wife Mary Gardiner (1627–1665) and his daughter Mary (1664–1680), were not forgotten.
The settlement for his daughter's marriage was beneficial to both parties, and was executed on 23d May 1671. The next day Sir Henry made his Will and the day after that he died. When Mary was 16 she was to be at full liberty to break off altogether the marriage provided for her, but in that case she was to forfeit 20,000 l. to the young Earl of Southampton (1662–1730) out of the savings of her minority.
That same year the provision was set aside by the then all-powerful Duchess of Cleveland, the Earl's mother, and the marriage was celebrated, notwithstanding their ages, only 9 and 7. Mary died ten years later of smallpox, when she was scarcely 17, and was - like her mother - buried in Westminster Abbey.
A similar settlement was attempted between another natural child of the King and Charles Wood alias Cranmer (1665–1743), grandson of Lady Chester who was the Bishop's sister and who as trustee protested to no result the manoeuvrings of the Duchess in the House of Lords. In that dispute her co-trustee, the then Dean of Lichfield, stood passive. The new settlement needed the Bishop's commitment, but again he refused to decide; so, it fell apart. The family fortune was indeed Charles's inheritance after the death of his father, Sir Caesar Wood alias Cranmer Kt. (1634–1707), and he passed it on to another Lady Chester, Bertha Webb (1683–1743), the granddaughter of the Bishop's youngest sister Elizabeth.
The bishop's brother and second son John Wood (1599–1651) was a brewer at Hackney. He had issue five children; his only son died in 1668 at the age of 33. Only his eldest daughter Mary, Mrs. Kirke, survived when his wife died in 1675.
The bishop's sister, Mary Wood (1604–1684), the eldest daughter first married at St. Margaret's Westminster on 4 July 1633 widower Samuel Cranmer (1575–1640), proprietor of the Swan Brewery, who was Alderman of Cripplegate Ward when he served as one of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex. He brought to the marriage the manorial estate of Upper Itchington in Warwickshire and the mansion and manor of Astwoodbury in Buckinghamshire, the seat of the family. To his only sister Anne and her husband Lewis Cawdry he left his father's leasehold estate at Alcester, where he was born. His son Caesar was 6 years old, when he died; the management of his estates was entrusted to his uncle Sir Henry. His mother married 6 years later Sir Henry Chester K.B. (1597–1669).
Caesar's education involved travelling abroad, and he made a long stay at Paris, where Sir Henry resided. He was graciously received by the exiled Queen and was high in her favour when he married some years later one of the ladies of her Court, Lelis de la Garde (1642–1726); a position she held until her death. Dame Lelis continued to reside at Somerset House with her only surviving daughter Anne (1668–1723) until the reign of the Stuart's ended, when she purchased the lease of Lady Dover's house in the parish of St. Paul's, Covent Garden, where she died.
Caesar brought his wife to England in 1660 in the train of the Royal Family and was appointed one of the Equerries in the household of the Duchess of York; he was promoted to the rank of her Chief Equerry when Maria d'Este, the new Duchess, became Queen. The Revolution of 1688 deprived Sir Caesar of his place at Court, but earlier his prospects – Loudham Park and 4300 l. a year - had been improved by the death of his cousin Mary, the Duchess of Southampton, when he became entitled in reversion to the great estate of Sir Henry Wood, subject to the life-interest of his uncle the Bishop.
In compliance with Sir Henry's Will he had assumed the name of Wood. But within the next few months he encountered a more serious reverse of fortune; for in 1689 the Duke of Southampton was advised to claim a life-interest in the estates of his deceased wife and filed a bill in Chancery to enforce his rights. The Lords Commissioners made in 1692 a decree in favour of the Duke. Sir Caesar appealed to the House of Lords and in the same year they pronounced final judgment; declaring that the Duke's interest had determined on his wife's death, and that in the actual state of facts (which had not been provided for by Sir Henry Wood) the right of Sir Caesar under the Will did not accrue until the Duke's death, and in the meantime the rents and profits belonged to Sir Henry's heirs-at-law (then only the sons of Sir Henry's two sisters, Lady Chester and Mrs. Webb, were alive).
References
Robert Edmond Chester Waters, Genealogical Memoirs of the Kindred Families of Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, and Thomas Wood, Bishop of Lichfield. (1877). This article incorporates text from the book; see and read among others https://archive.org/search.php?query=publisher%3A
Andrew Clark, The Life and Times of Anthony Wood, Antiquary, of Oxford, 1632–1695, described by himself (Oxford Historical Society, 1891–1900, 5 vols. 8vo).
Deans of Lichfield
Bishops of Lichfield
People educated at Westminster School, London
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
1607 births
1692 deaths
17th-century Church of England bishops
This is a list of casual dining restaurant chains around the world, arranged in alphabetical order. A casual dining restaurant is a restaurant that serves moderately priced food in a casual atmosphere. Except for buffet-style restaurants and, more recently, fast casual restaurants, casual dining restaurants usually provide table service.
Casual
Fast casual
Nearly defunct former casual restaurant chains
This list contains chains that were much larger in the past (some as large as over 1,000) but have been reduced to a single restaurant location (and cannot really be considered a chain anymore).
Defunct chains
See also
Fast casual restaurant
List of defunct restaurants of the United States
List of buffet restaurants
List of coffeehouse chains
List of fast food restaurant chains
List of hamburger restaurants
List of ice cream parlor chains
List of pizza chains
List of restaurant chains
Lists of restaurants
List of revolving restaurants
Types of restaurant
References
Casual
The Stillwater Dam is an embankment dam on the Lackawanna River in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania. It is located north of Forest City and was completed in September 1960. The primary purpose of the dam is flood control and its reservoir is usually maintained at low levels for that purpose. The high-water mark for the reservoir was on 2 April 1993 when it reached and a capacity of 88.9%.
References
Buildings and structures in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
Dams in Pennsylvania
Dams completed in 1960
Vladimir A. Tkachyov (born 5 October 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward for Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career
Tkachyov made his KHL debut playing with Ak Bars Kazan during the 2012–13 KHL season. After posting career bests with 15 goals and 32 points with Kazan in the 2016–17 season, Tkachyov warded off NHL interest in agreeing to a new two-year contract extension to continue with the club on May 3, 2017.
Following his second season with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl in 2020–21, having served as team captain and collected 10 goals and 28 points through 53 regular season games, Tkachyov left the club as a free agent.
On 3 May 2021, Tkachyov was signed to a two-year contract with his third KHL club, Traktor Chelyabinsk.
International play
Tkachyov originally was selected as a reserve player for the 2022 Olympics, however, on 26 January 2022, when Artem Anisimov was tested positive with Covid-19, Tkachyov was advanced to the selection.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Ak Bars Kazan players
JHC Bars players
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl players
Russian ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Dnipro
Traktor Chelyabinsk players
Ukrainian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the Russian Olympic Committee athletes
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Ivan Marinov (Bulgarian: Иван Маринов) (17 October 1928 – 26 February 2003) was a Bulgarian composer. He was born in Sofia, Bulgaria.
References
1928 births
2003 deaths
Bulgarian composers
Musicians from Sofia
In probability theory, a member of the (a, b, 0) class of distributions is any distribution of a discrete random variable N whose values are nonnegative integers whose probability mass function satisfies the recurrence formula
for some real numbers a and b, where .
Only the Poisson, binomial and negative binomial distributions satisfy the full form of this relationship. These are also the three discrete distributions among the six members of the natural exponential family with quadratic variance functions (NEF–QVF).
More general distributions can be defined by fixing some initial values of pj and applying the recursion to define subsequent values. This can be of use in fitting distributions to empirical data. However, some further well-known distributions are available if the recursion above need only hold for a restricted range of values of k: for example the logarithmic distribution and the discrete uniform distribution.
The (a, b, 0) class of distributions has important applications in actuarial science in the context of loss models.
Properties
Sundt proved that only the binomial distribution, the Poisson distribution and the negative binomial distribution belong to this class of distributions, with each distribution being represented by a different sign of a. Furthermore, it was shown by Fackler that there is a universal formula for all three distributions, called the (united) Panjer distribution.
The more usual parameters of these distributions are determined by both a and b. The properties of these distributions in relation to the present class of distributions are summarised in the following table. Note that denotes the probability generating function.
Note that the Panjer distribution reduces to the Poisson distribution in the limit case ; it coincides with the negative binomial distribution for positive, finite real numbers , and it equals the binomial distribution for negative integers .
Plotting
An easy way to quickly determine whether a given sample was taken from a distribution from the (a,b,0) class is by graphing the ratio of two consecutive observed data (multiplied by a constant) against the x-axis.
By multiplying both sides of the recursive formula by , you get
which shows that the left side is obviously a linear function of . When using a sample of data, an approximation of the 's need to be done. If represents the number of observations having the value , then is an unbiased estimator of the true .
Therefore, if a linear trend is seen, then it can be assumed that the data is taken from an (a,b,0) distribution. Moreover, the slope of the function would be the parameter , while the ordinate at the origin would be .
See also
Panjer recursion
References
Discrete distributions
Systems of probability distributions
Actuarial science
Millhouses and Ecclesall railway station was a railway station in the Millhouses district of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
History
It was built by the Midland Railway and was designed by the company architect John Holloway Sanders and opened in 1870 called Ecclesall. This was changed, first to Ecclesall & Millhouses and later Mill Houses & Ecclesall before becoming Millhouses and Ecclesall in 1932. It was situated on the Midland Main Line between Heeley railway station and Beauchief station, and was accessed from the Archer Road overbridge, near the junction of Abbeydale Road and Millhouses Lane.
The station was opened at the same time as the main line from Chesterfield with just 2 flanking platforms. Between 1901 and 1903 the line was widened and two lines added. The station now consisted of 4 platforms with two flanking platforms and an island platform in the centre. The station buildings were situated at road level with access by steps to the island platform.
The station closed on 10 June 1968, and remained derelict for many years. The station buildings and platforms were finally removed in the 1980s, but the stationmaster's house survives as a private home.
Calls for reopening
There have been numerous plans to rebuild a station, going as far as a feasibility study in 1997, but so far none have come to fruition.
In July 2017, it was proposed by Local Enterprise Partnership that new stations should be built at Millhouses and Heeley as well as new platforms at Dore & Totley. The plans would be part of a call to have better links in South Yorkshire area as well as plans for a new Woodhead Route reopening. In 2020, local MP Olivia Blake wrote to the transport secretary asking him to consider the reopening of the station, suggesting it would reduce congestion in the area.
References
Harvey, Peter (1996). Abbeydale and Millhouses. Stround: The Charlford Publishing Company Limited.
Disused railway stations in Sheffield
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1870
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1968
Former Midland Railway stations
Beeching closures in England
John Holloway Sanders railway stations
The San Francisco Dons is the nickname of the athletic teams at the University of San Francisco (USF). The Dons compete in NCAA Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) as members of the West Coast Conference (WCC), of which USF is a charter member.
History
Athletics at USF dates back to its founding in 1855, when founder Anthony Maraschi, S.J. organized ball games as recreation for the first students. However, intercollegiate competition only dates back to 1907, when then-Saint Ignatius College began playing organized baseball, basketball, and rugby against other local colleges and high schools. Rivalries with neighboring Santa Clara University and Saint Mary's College of California have their origins in this early period.
Teams were originally known as the "Grey Fog", and red and blue were Saint Ignatius College's colors. However, as the college began to develop an identity distinct from the high school—the college became the University of San Francisco in 1930—it adopted green and gold as its colors in 1927 and chose the Don as its mascot in 1932. The old Saint Ignatius High School later became Saint Ignatius College Preparatory and retained the red and blue colors.
Three USF alumni participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics - Israeli long distance runner Maor Tiyouri, basketball player John Cox and synchronized swimmer Mariya Koroleva.
Sports sponsored
Baseball
2005 was a banner year for the baseball program, as the Diamond Dons finished with a 38–18 record (the best in team history), placed eight players in the all-conference team and earned Nino Giarrantano coach of the year honors. This was followed in 2006 with a 38–21 record, the WCC conference regular season championship, and a Top 25 ranking. However, USF lost in the WCC conference championship to Pepperdine but still was given an at large berth into their first ever postseason. USF did not advance in the tournament as they were beaten by the University of Miami, and Manhattan College.
Future major leaguer Aaron Poreda pitched for the Diamond Dons, finishing his freshman 2005 season with a 2.16 ERA, the fifth-lowest in team history and third-best in the WCC, and his hits-per-9-innings ratio of 6.48 was second-best in the conference. In 2006 he posted a WCC-best 2.49 ERA. In the NCAA regional he pitched the team to a 5–1 victory over No. 6 national seed Nebraska. Poreda was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the first round (25th overall) in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft; at the time, he was throwing a 97 miles per hour fastball.
Nino Giarrantano became head coach in 1998, previously serving as hitting coach at Arizona State University. Giarrantano was named 3-time JC National Coach of the Year and 2005–2006 WCC Coach of the Year. Since arriving at USF, the team has had its best four-year stretch in its program's history, 104-69 overall since 2004.
Dante Benedetti Diamond at Max Ulrich Field
The Dons' home field is named after Dante Benedetti, USF's head coach from 1962 to 1980. Benedetti attended then-Saint Ignatius College from 1937 to 1940, during which he lettered in Baseball, Football, and Boxing. During his tenure as head coach, he accumulated 373 career wins, and has been inducted into the university's athletic hall of fame. Also during his tenure as head coach, the university wanted to cut the program for financial reasons. However to keep the program alive Benedetti agreed to lower his salary. For the remaining 16 years of his coaching career he was paid $1 a year.
The field is also named after Max Ulrich, a benefactor of the University of San Francisco.
Dante Benedetti Classic
Since 2006, USF has played one game a season at the San Francisco Giants' Stadium, Oracle Park. The proceeds of the game go to the Dante Benedetti Foundation, a charity that helps under-privileged youth in San Francisco play and learn the game of baseball.
Drafted players
Over the years of USF's baseball tradition, a number of players have been drafted into professional baseball. Of these players, a few have had debuts in the Major Leagues:
Men's basketball
USF is best known for its basketball program. The men's basketball team have won three national titles: the 1949 NIT under Pete Newell and the 1955 and 1956 NCAA championships under Phil Woolpert. The latter two were led by future National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame and Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame members Bill Russell and K.C. Jones.
USF retained its status as a basketball powerhouse into the 1970s and early 80s, holding the distinction of being a "major" program in a "mid-major" conference (the WCC having declined somewhat in stature since the 1960s). It held the number-one spot in the polls on numerous occasions. In 1977, led by All-American center Bill Cartwright, the Dons went 29–0 and were regarded as the #1 team in the nation in both major polls before dropping their last two games.
Controversies
The Dons' prominence in the 1970s came at a price, however. The NCAA placed the Dons on probation two times in the late 1970s. Head coach Bob Gaillard was fired after the first, and an in-house inquiry after the second resulted in the firing of his successor, Dan Belluomini. It was also well known that basketball players got special treatment; many of them were marginal students at best, and at least one instance where a player threatened another student was swept under the rug by school officials. It was also common for "tutors" to take tests and write papers for players.
The situation came to a head in December 1981, when All-American guard Quintin Dailey assaulted a female student. During the subsequent investigation, Dailey admitted taking a no-show job at a business owned by a prominent non-sports USF donor. The donor had also paid Dailey $5,000 since 1980. Combined with other revelations, school president Rev. John Lo Schiavo announced on July 29, 1982 that he was suspending the basketball program—the first time a school had shut down a major sport under such circumstances. The move was applauded by several members of the coaching fraternity, as the Dailey matter revealed a program that was, in the words of San Francisco Chronicle sportswriter Glenn Dickey, "totally out of control."
LoSchiavo resurrected the program in 1985 under former star Jim Brovelli, who quickly returned the program to respectability. He was not able to reach postseason play, however, and resigned in 1995. The program has only reached the postseason twice since its revival—an NCAA berth in 1998 under Phil Mathews and a 2005 NIT berth under former coach Jessie Evans.
The program regressed the next few years, and Jessie Evans was granted a request for a 'leave of absence' on December 27, 2007. Basketball coach Eddie Sutton took over on an interim basis, needing two wins for a personal milestone of 800 career coaching victories. At the time, Bob Knight was the only other Division I men's coach to have accomplished the feat. After months of speculation, Evans was finally officially fired by USF on March 20, 2008, and a national coaching search was launched, including the use of an executive search consultant company, DHR International.
Rex Walters was named as the Dons' head coach on April 14, 2008. On March 9, 2016, after eight seasons during which the Dons were unable to do more than break even (127-127), athletic director Scott Sidwell fired Walters.
On March 30, 2016, Kyle Smith was named as the new head coach. Prior to joining USF, Smith had spent the prior six years as head coach of the Columbia University basketball team. For nine years prior to that, he was assistant coach at Saint Mary's College of California, which went to the Sweet 16 in his final year.
Women's basketball
Women's basketball also experienced recent successes, including appearances in the NCAA women's tournament in 1995, 1996, 1997, and 2016 and a WNIT berth in 2002. The 1996 season represented their best ever, as the women's team made it into the tournament's Sweet Sixteen. The team is presently coached by Molly Goodenbour.
2012–13 San Francisco Dons women's basketball team
Football
Compared to local rivals Santa Clara and Saint Mary's, USF's football teams were historically not as strong. However, the Dons entered college football lore by going undefeated in 1951 and producing three NFL hall of famers (Gino Marchetti, Ollie Matson, and Bob St. Clair). However, they did not receive a bowl invitation, as the team turned down any suggestions that they leave their two black teammates at home at the expense of a much-needed bowl bid. Due to the associated financial burden on the school that a bowl bid would have alleviated, USF's finest football team ever was its last at the major college level (now Division I FBS). Though football made a brief comeback as a Division II sport during the 1960s and 1970s, USF has not fielded a varsity team since.
Kuharich, at times, would delegate recruiting responsibilities to his freshman coach, Brad Lynn, who had little to offer prospective players in the way of scholarship inducements beyond tuition and room and board in an old ROTC barracks. However, Lynn would take recruits to the highest hill on campus, and would gesture out towards the sweeping panorama of San Francisco saying, "THIS is your campus." Only a handful of players from that 1951 team had been considered blue-ribbon prospects in high school. Two of the team's best players, Toler and guard Louis (Red) Stephens, had not even played high school football. Future Hall of Famer Marchetti was a high school dropout who had played only sparingly when he was in school.
The 1951 Dons were honored during the Fiesta Bowl in January 2008.
Men's golf
The men's golf team has won 11 West Coast Conference championships: 1970–71, 1981–84, 1986, 1988, 1990, 2009, 2011.
Men's soccer
Men's soccer is USF's most successful program, earning five national titles, including a co-championship with Penn State in 1949. The program's successes came under alumnus Stephen Negoesco, who coached from 1962 to 2000 and led the team to 540 wins and four national championships (1966, 1975, 1976, 1980). Under Negoesco's successor, alumnus Erik Visser, the men's team earned the 2004, 2005 and 2008 WCC titles.
Alejandro Toledo, the former president of Peru, played for USF on a partial scholarship.
Women's cross-country
The Women's cross-country team won four consecutive WCC championships in 2009–2012, and in 2011 made an NCAA Championship appearance. They maintained national rankings in both 2011–2012. Israeli Olympian Maor Tiyouri competed for the team.
Men's tennis
The men's tennis team, led by Harry Likas, Harry Roche and Arthur Larsen, won the 1949 NCAA Men's Tennis Championship. Likas also won the 1948 individual men's title.
Women's volleyball
The women's volleyball team has made two NCAA tournament appearances: in 2003, under former coach Jeff Nelson, and in 2008 under current coach Gilad Doron. The 2008 season saw the Dons finish with a Top 25 national ranking, a 22–8 record, and five all-WCC players.
Club teams
USF participates in the following club sports: golf, fencing, boxing, rifle, tennis, karate, soccer and lacrosse. Rugby, which was one of the first varsity sports in school history, is currently a club sport. Football is played on the intramural level.
In 2013, USF hosted the inaugural championships of the United States Intercollegiate Boxing Association, the first national collegiate tournament in the US to include women's boxing.
References
Further reading
Alan Ziajka, Ph.D. (2005) Legacy & Promise: 150 Years of Jesuit Education at the University of San Francisco. San Francisco: USF Office of Publications
University of San Francisco (2005) Legends of the Hilltop
Beano Cook (2005) "Ten Days that Shook the Sport (from:The College Football Encyclopedia)." Copyright ESPN Books
Kristine Setting Clark (2002) Undefeated, Untied, and Uninvited: A Documentary of the 1951 University of San Francisco Dons Football Team. Irvine, CA: Griffin Publishing Group
John D. Lukacs (2003) "Waiting for the perfect ending." USA Today, Sports, June 24, 2003.
Steve Kroner (2006) "USF, Cal in Benedetti Classic at Giants' park." San Francisco Chronicle, Sports, April 24, 2006, pg. D7
USFdons Baseball
usatoday.com
baseball-almanac.com
External links
The 14th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy of 2012. The ceremony was held at Centrepointe Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario, on 6 October 2013 and was hosted by Ryan Belleville.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 26 categories. Winners in 5 categories were chosen by the public through an online poll and others were chosen by members of industry organizations. The awards ceremony concluded the Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 3 to 6 October and included over 20 comedy events.
The films My Awkward Sexual Adventure and Please Kill Mr. Know It All led with six nominations each, followed by the film Dead Before Dawn 3D and TV series Seed with five. My Awkward Sexual Adventure won two Beavers, as did TV series Mr. D and Mark Little for web series Dad Drives. Colin Mochrie was named Canadian comedy person of the year.
Festival and ceremony
The 14th Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) was held in Ottawa, Ontario. The gala awards ceremony was held on 6 October 2013 at Centrepointe Theatre hosted by Ryan Belleville. Belleville had previously hosted the 2007 CCA awards ceremony and won the Bluma Appel Award in 2001.
The awards ceremony concluded the four-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 3 to 6 October, with over 20 events at venues including Yuk Yuk's, Absolute Comedy, Arts Council Theatre, and Centrepointe Theatre. Alan Thicke hosted a 4 October show featuring Ottawa natives Jon Dore, Jeremy Hotz, Tom Green, Mike MacDonald and Rebecca Kohler, and a headline show with stand-up comedians Harland Williams, Nikki Payne and Seán Cullen on 5 October. The shows raised money for MacDonald who was making a comeback following a liver transplant. On the same evening as the Ottawa showcase, a Toronto Comedy All-Stars show was scheduled at the National Arts Centre, in what some called the Battle of Ontario.
Among the talks by industry experts was a discussion panel with Tim Long, executive producer of The Simpsons and former head-writer for David Letterman. This was the first year the festival included francophone talent with the show Le Spectacle Francophone at Yuk Yuk's on 4 October.
Published with the festival guide was a compact history of the capital region, Ottawa: Gateway to Carp. Written by John Mazerolle with assistance from other comedians, it suggests that the infamous tedium of Ottawa made fertile ground for the growth of comedy. Festival founder and Ottawa native Tim Progosh suggested that as a government town, there has been a variety of cultures which raises one's reference level, combined with an oral tradition of the Rideau Valley where Irish and French immigrants met and shared stories.
The Jokers vs. Senators Alumni charity hockey game was held at Bell Sensplex on 5 October. A cocktail reception raised money for the Ottawa public library.
Winners and nominees
The nomination criteria were altered this year so that feature film and television categories could include works released on the Internet.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television and Internet
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
Footnotes
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Hunter is a rural locality in the City of Greater Bendigo in the Australian state of Victoria.
References
Bendigo
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Suburbs of Bendigo
"Down" is a song by American electronic duo Marian Hill as a single from their debut album Act One. Originally released in 2016, the song became popular after its adoption by Apple in an AirPods commercial.
The song started to gain more traction over the following weeks, debuting on the Billboard Hot 100 and Alternative Songs chart. It became a sleeper hit, peaking at number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Composition
The song is written in the key of C minor with a tempo of 85 beats per minute. It follows a chord progression of Cm–Bb–Ab–Gm.
Commercial performance
"Down" debuted at number one on the Billboard Top TV Commercials chart in January 2017. Shortly after, the song entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number 99 before rising in the following weeks. The song later entered the top 40 of the chart and peaked at number 21, going on to spend 17 weeks on the chart
Music video
The video starts with Samantha Gongol and Jeremy Lloyd inside an elevator with walls covered with pink flowers. Samantha sings her verse as the elevator keeps going down. Next elevator comes with Samantha inside and Jeremy on the roof of elevator playing keyboard. As the video goes on, both Samantha and Jeremy are shown changing elevators and walking via lobby. In the end both faces anti gravity as the elevator goes down in a high speed as its rope is cut off.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Republic Records singles
Mount Helmer is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia, East of Waitabit Creek and North of Golden. It was named in 1924 after Brigadier-General Richard Alexis Helmer (1864-1920) and his son Alexis Helmer (1892-1915) were killed in battle and was part of the inspiration for In Flanders Fields through his friendship with John McCrae. It is the 194th highest mountain in Alberta and the 355th highest mountain in Canada.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Mountains of Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Beaver Dam is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. It is located along Route 224, about northwest of Sheet Harbour and about southeast of Upper Musquodoboit. Beaver Lake 17, a small Mi'kmaq reserve, is located in the community as well. The community is located adjacent to Lower Beaver Lake.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Somerton is an area in the south-east of Newport. The northern half of the area is located in the Alway ward with the southern half in the Lliswerry ward – The two halves being separated by the Great Western Main Line. Somerton has a local Primary School and Post Office and is the location of St Patricks RC Church.
Somerton is perhaps best known for Somerton Park – the former home of professional football and speedway in Newport with Newport County and the Newport Wasps.
The neighbourhood is also home to one of the last remaining 'TARDIS' police boxes in the city – the Somerton TARDIS on Chepstow Road.
Districts of Newport, Wales
Legendary Swordsman may refer to:
The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang, alternate title Legendary Swordsman, a 1983 Hong Kong film
The Legendary Swordsman, a 2000 Singaporean TV series
The Samoyedic people (also Samodeic people)<ref name="SJI">Some ethnologists use the term 'Samodeic people' instead 'Samoyedic', see </ref> are a group of closely related peoples who speak Samoyedic languages, which are part of the Uralic family. They are a linguistic, ethnic, and cultural grouping. The name derives from the obsolete term Samoyed'' used in Russia for some indigenous people of Siberia.
Peoples
Contemporary
Extinct
Yurats, who spoke Yurats (Northern Samoyeds)
Mators or Motors, who spoke Mator (Southern Samoyeds)
Kamasins, who spoke Kamassian (Southern Samoyeds) (in the last census, two people identified still as Kamasin under the subgroup "other nationalities".)
The largest of the Samoyedic peoples are the Nenets, who mainly live in two autonomous districts of Russia: Yamalo-Nenetsia and Nenetsia. Some of the Nenets and most of the Enets and Nganasans used to live in the Taymyria autonomous district (formerly known as Dolgano-Nenetsia), but today this area is a territory with special status within Krasnoyarsk Krai. Most of the Selkups live in Yamalo-Nenetsia, but there is also a significant population in Tomsk Oblast.
Gallery
References and notes
External links
The quo warranto petition against Maria Lourdes Sereno, filed before the Supreme Court of the Philippines, led to the landmark case Republic v. Sereno (G. R. No. 237428), which nullified Maria Lourdes Sereno's appointment as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, finding that she never lawfully held the office due to a lack of integrity for failing to file certain required financial documents. As a result, she was ousted from the Supreme Court as Chief Justice. The Court handed down its ruling on May 11, 2018. The case began with a filing before the House of Representatives of an impeachment demand, the accusations in which Solicitor General Jose Calida used as the factual basis for his quo warranto petition.
Sereno had faced criticism from the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte for expressing her criticism of his Philippine Drug War, and many saw the petition as politically motivated. As mentioned, Sereno had also faced an impeachment trial prior to the granting of the petition, but after its granting, such trial became moot and was never scheduled. The ruling of the Supreme Court was received favorably by the Duterte administration as well as its political allies, while critics of the petition viewed Sereno's removal from office as an attack on due process and on the judicial independence of the Supreme Court.
Background
Concurrent impeachment process
During Maria Lourdes Sereno's de facto tenure as Chief Justice during the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte, Sereno faced possible impeachment. An impeachment process against Sereno began on August 30, 2017, when 25 lawmakers sponsored a petition against her filed by Larry Gadon, former lawyer to President Macapagal-Arroyo.
The main argument for her impeachment was that Sereno allegedly failed to declare her statement of assets, liabilities and net worth (SALN) in full during her 17-year teaching period at the University of the Philippines College of Law (UPCL). She was also accused of tax misdeclarations and unauthorized expenses. The University of the Philippines (UP) and the Office of the Ombudsman could only produce Sereno's SALNs from the years 1998, 2002, and 2006.
On March 8, the House of Representatives Committee on Justice found probable cause to impeach Sereno due to "allegations that Sereno committed culpable violation of the Constitution, betrayal of public trust, corruption, and other high crimes" by a vote of 38–2, after which it was to go to a plenary vote. On April 11, then-Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez announced that the earliest the impeachment would be was May 14, due both to procedure and the Lent break. He noted, though, that a verdict adverse to Sereno on the quo warranto petition would render the impeachment proceedings moot.
Quo warranto petitions
A quo warranto petition was, before the appointment of Jose Calida as Solicitor General, a very seldom used Philippine extraordinary writ. Its name derives from the Latin question quo warranto, which means "by what authority?" In its early days, during the American colonial period, quo warranto was mostly used to challenge a democratic election, that is, to make the claim that the person who is holding an office is a usurper, and that someone else deserves the office, e.g., due to electoral fraud or ineligibility. Indeed, this is the only way the term is used in law professor Ernesto C. Salao's widely cited 858-page book The 1987 Constitution of the Republic of the Philippines (2001 ).
In the Philippines, though, the process has evolved, in a way that many, including former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay, find unconstitutional. It has come to be understood that it can be used in extraordinary cases to unseat judicial appointees, and impeachable officials, not only to challenge elections. Some, such as Ranhilio Aquino, argue this due to the fact that the President and Vice President were explicitly enumerated as vulnerable to quo warranto by the Supreme Court sitting as the Presidential Election Tribunal, and, unlike many other constitutions, Article 11 of the 1987 Constitution does not exclusively grant the power of impeachment to Congress.
Quo warranto petitions, when successful, do not "remove" someone from office—they declare the very appointment itself null and void ab initio, meaning that the office was never legally held as it has been declared to have been assumed under false pretenses.
Timeline
Filing
After an impeachment process against Sereno began, a quo warranto petition seeking to void Sereno's appointment as Chief Justice was filed on March 5, 2018, by Solicitor General Jose Calida with the reason of her alleged lack of integrity. The traditional one year limitation on quo warranto actions, part of the Rules of Court, was immediately raised by Sereno and those in the media. Calida simply invoked the legal principle of nullum tempus occurrit regi—time runs against no king.
Calida justified the filing by saying that her "peers" know both her, and the Constitution, best, so are better placed to decide than Congress would be. Calida, who also said that former Chief Justice Renato Corona was "unjustly" impeached, told Sereno that he was being "kind" to her by saving her from the "indignity" of an impeachment trial. Sereno challenged the petition, insisting that the only legal way to remove her from her post was via impeachment. One hundred forty Filipino law professors, including the deans of major schools like the and the Lyceum of the Philippines University College of Law, called for the impeachment trial to be the deciding factor and not the quo warranto petition.
The petition claims that despite having been employed at the University of the Philippines College of Law (UPCL) from November 1986 to June 1, 2006, Sereno's records at the Human Resource Development Office only includes the years 1985, 1990, 1991, 1993–1997, and 2002, while her records at the Office of the Ombudsman only include those from the years 1999–2009.
Sereno takes leave
Following the impeachment process filed against her, Sereno took an indefinite leave on March 1, 2018, but said she would not resign. Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio served as Acting Chief Justice, a post which he also previously served in during the transition between Corona's impeachment and the appointment of Sereno. She ended her leave on May 9, 2018. Sereno's spokesperson and lawyer Jojo Lacanilao denied in an ANC interview that Sereno was forced to go on leave. Oriental Mindoro Representative Rey Umali, however, urged Sereno to resign.
Duterte, annoyed at the portrayal of the petition and questions about his possible involvement in it, declared himself Sereno's "enemy" on April 9. Duterte also criticized the slow speed of the impeachment process in Congress, citing it as the reason for his administration's quo warranto petition.
Oral argument
Oral argument took place in the case on April 10, 2018. As it was held in April, it took place in Baguio, as the Court traditionally meets there every April. The trial went on for almost six hours, and did not end until past 7 pm. Jose Calida personally represented the Office of the Solicitor General, while in a highly unusual move, Sereno represented herself, appearing pro se.
Ruling
Deciding on the quo warranto petition en banc, the Supreme Court justices voted to nullify Sereno's appointment on May 11, 2018, by a vote of 8–6, making Sereno the first constitutional officer in the Philippines to be ousted from office without an impeachment trial.
Majority opinion
The majority opinion was written by Justice Noel Tijam. The Court invoked the doctrine of the "transcendental" importance of judicial review, ruling that the quo warranto petition was a valid exercise of the Court's power, there was an actual controversy, and the Republic had standing. The Court ruled that quo warranto cases and impeachment proceedings can proceed independently and simultaneously due to the fact that they are based on different causes of action; quo warranto questions the eligibility and valid exercise of a position; whereas, impeachment is removal for committing crimes specified by the Constitution. Furthermore, it ruled that if it wished, Congress may have continued to impeachment without prejudice from the Court on the principle of the separation of powers. Tijam wrote that "to [require Congress to] momentarily abandon their legislative duties to focus on impeachment proceedings [against] a public official, who at the outset, may clearly be unqualified [would be a] waste of time."
The Court ruled that impeachment is not the exclusive legal remedy by which the legitimacy of exercise of power may be challenged. The Court ruled that so severe was Sereno's failure to declare her assets that she has no integrity. As integrity is an enumerated requirement of Article VIII of the Constitution, she was therefore, by the Court's logic, never eligible once it was destroyed at the time of her not filing her .
Dissenting opinions
Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio voted against the quo warranto petition, but nevertheless wrote in his dissenting opinion that her "repeated non-filing of s" constitutes "a culpable violation of the Constitution and betrayal of public trust, which are grounds for impeachment under the Constitution".
Associate Justice Marvic Leonen, in his dissenting opinion, called the petition "a legal abomination" that should have been dismissed. He expressed disfavor in removing an impeachable official through a quo warranto petition, writing: "We render this Court subservient to an aggressive Solicitor General. We render those who present dissenting opinions unnecessarily vulnerable to powerful interests."
In his dissent, Associate Justice Alfredo Benjamin Caguioa, wrote that the majority had allowed the executive to take a "[less traveled] prohibited road". In Caguioa's view, the inability of the Court to resolve matters within its own walls is a disservice to the institution and its individual members. He colorfully opined that the Court had committed a suicide as gruesome as any seppuku, but with none of the honor typically associated with it in Japanese culture.
Motion for reconsideration
Sereno was given the right to file a motion for reconsideration against the Supreme Court's decision to nullify her appointment as Chief Justice, which she did, on May 31, 2018.
The Supreme Court denied with finality Sereno's motion for reconsideration for "lack of merit" on June 19, 2018, in an 8–6 decision, with no justices changing their vote.
Administrative case
In its original ruling, the Court demanded Sereno submit a brief defending herself against alleged violations of the ethical code Philippine attorneys agree to, which is set by the Supreme Court.
On July 17, 2018, the Court ruled that she had breached the sub judice rule when she spoke to the media and gave speeches about cases which were not yet decided, including her own case, while still sitting as Chief Justice, which it reprimanded her for, in lieu of disbarment or suspension from the Integrated Bar of the Philippines.
Reactions
In the Philippines
The petitioner, Solicitor General Jose Calida, stated: "The Supreme Court decision ousting Maria Lourdes Sereno augurs well for the country, as it preserves the stability and integrity of the Judiciary. This decision is the epitome of its exercise of judicial independence."
Senator Antonio Trillanes said that the Supreme Court majority had committed a "heinous crime against our justice system" which had "killed the Constitution". Senators Sonny Angara, Bam Aquino and Francis Pangilinan joined him in condemning the ruling.
International
The New York-based Human Rights Watch called the decision "unprecedented and nefarious," adding that "Sereno's ouster also kicks open the door for wanton removals of members of other constitutional bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights. [...] Ultimately, the rejection of constitutional checks and balances concentrates power in the hands of Duterte and his allies, posing the greatest danger to democracy in the Philippines since the Marcos dictatorship."
Aftermath
Effect on the Court
With the ouster of Maria Lourdes Sereno from her post as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, she altogether leaves the Court. When she was appointed Chief Justice, she vacated her position as Associate Justice, and therefore, cannot assume her former position again. Sereno, who was during her tenure called the 24th Chief Justice, is now referred to as a former Chief Justice de facto, but not de jure. This is because a quo warranto petition cannot remove someone from office: if a quo warranto petition succeeds, the target's very appointment is declared null and void ab initio, meaning, legally, she was never Chief Justice at all, as her appointment has been declared illegitimate.
Opposition lawmakers of the Congress filed an impeachment complaint on August 23, 2018, against 7 Associate Justices who voted for the quo warranto petition based on the grounds of culpable violation of the Constitution and betrayal of public trust.
Justice Antonio Carpio, the most senior Associate Justice at the time, assumed the post of Chief Justice in an acting capacity starting May 14, 2018, following Sereno's ouster.
On August 25, Teresita de Castro, who only had two months left to serve in office, was appointed by president Rodrigo Duterte as the new Chief Justice after being included on a list of candidates by the Judicial and Bar Council a day prior. Her role as one of the five sitting justices who sought to nullify the appointment of Sereno as Chief Justice was also seen as a reason for the appointment. The appointment was criticized as, due to her age, she was obligated to retire on October 10, 2018—as she did, after only 44 days as the 24th Chief Justice. Justice Lucas Bersamin took her place on November 28.
Effect on the law
As a landmark case, Republic v. Sereno established a new avenue for decisive, rapid action by the Supreme Court before lower courts had weighed in, expanding the Supreme Court's mandate and making it in more cases simultaneously a court of first instance and a court of last resort. When ABS-CBN's franchise expired, rather than allowing the National Telecommunications Commission to grant them a temporary franchise, Calida once again filed a quo warranto petition, asking the Court, in effect, "by what authority does ABS-CBN operate?" As a result of Republic v. Sereno, therefore, the ancient legal concept of quo warranto has taken on novel meaning in Philippine courts.
See also
Impeachment of Renato Corona
Footnotes
Notes
References
Sereno, Maria Lourdes
2018 controversies
2018 in law
2018 in the Philippines
Duterte administration controversies
Supreme Court of the Philippines cases
A vapor barrier (or vapour barrier) is any material used for damp proofing, typically a plastic or foil sheet, that resists diffusion of moisture through the wall, floor, ceiling, or roof assemblies of buildings to prevent interstitial condensation and of packaging. Technically, many of these materials are only vapor retarders as they have varying degrees of permeability.
Materials have a moisture vapor transmission rate (MVTR) that is established by standard test methods. One common set of units is g/m2·day or g/100in2·day. Permeability can be reported in perms, a measure of the rate of transfer of water vapor through a material (1.0 US perm = 1.0 grain/square-foot·hour·inch of mercury ≈ 57 SI perm = 57 ng/s·m2·Pa). American building codes have classified vapor retarders as having a water vapor permeance of 1 perm or less when tested in accordance with the ASTM E96 desiccant, or dry cup method. Vapor-retarding materials are generally categorized as:
Impermeable (≤1 US perm, or ≤57 SI perm) – such as asphalt-backed kraft paper, elastomeric coating, vapor-retarding paint, oil-based paints, vinyl wall coverings, extruded polystyrene, plywood, OSB;
Semi-permeable (1-10 US perm, or 57-570 SI perm) – such as unfaced expanded polystyrene, fiber-faced isocyanurate, heavy asphalt-impregnated building papers, some latex-based paints);
Permeable (>10 US perm, or >570 SI perm) – such as unpainted gypsum board and plaster, unfaced fiber glass insulation, cellulose insulation, unpainted stucco, cement sheathings, spunbonded polyolefin or some polymer-based exterior air barrier films.
Materials
Vapor diffusion retarders are normally available as coatings or membranes. The membranes are technically flexible and thin materials, but sometime includes thicker sheet materials named as "structural" vapor diffusion retarders. The vapor diffusion retarders varies from all kinds of materials and keep updating every day, some of them nowadays even combined the functions of other building materials.
Materials used as vapor retarders:
Elastomeric coatings can provide a vapor barrier and water proofing with permeability ratings of .016 perm rating with 10 mils/min. of coating and can be applied on interior or exterior surfaces.
Aluminum foil, 0.05 US perm (2.9 SI perm).
Paper-backed aluminum.
Asphalt or coal tar pitch, typically hot-applied to concrete roof decks along with reinforcement felts.
Polyethylene plastic sheet, , 0.03 US perm (1.7 SI perm).
Advanced Polyethylene vapor retarders that pass the ASTM E 1745 standard tests ≤0.3 US perm (17 SI perm).
Asphalt-coated kraft paper, often attached to one side of fiberglass batts, 0.40 US perm (22 SI perm).
Metallized film
Vapor retarder paints (for the air-tight drywall system, for retrofits where finished walls and ceilings will not be replaced, or for dry basements: can break down over time due to being chemically based).
Extruded polystyrene or foil-faced foam board insulation.
Exterior grade plywood, 0.70 US perm (40 SI perm).
Most sheet type monolithic roofing membranes.
Glass and metal sheets (such as in doors and windows).
Building construction
Moisture or water vapor moves into building cavities in three ways:
1) With air currents, 2) By diffusion through materials, 3) By heat transfer.
Of these three, air movement accounts for more than 98% of all water vapor movement in building cavities.
A vapor retarder and an air barrier serve to reduce this problem, but are not necessarily interchangeable.
Vapor retarders slow the rate of vapor diffusion into the thermal envelope of a structure. Other wetting mechanisms, such as wind-borne rain, capillary wicking of ground moisture, air transport (infiltration), are equally important.
Usage
The industry has recognized that in many circumstances it may be impractical to design and build building assemblies which never get wet. Good design and practice involve controlling the wetting of building assemblies from both the exterior and interior. So, the use of vapor barrier should be taken into consideration. Their use has already been legislated within the building code of some countries (such as the U.S., Canada, Ireland, England, Scotland & Wales). How, where, and whether a vapor barrier (vapor diffusion retarder) should be used depends on the climate. Typically, the number of heating degree days (HDD) in an area is used to help make these determinations. A heating degree day is a unit that measures how often outdoor daily dry-bulb temperatures fall below an assumed base, normally 18°C (65°F).
For building in most parts of North America, where winter heating conditions predominate, vapor barrier are placed toward the interior, heated side of insulation in the assembly. In humid regions where warm-weather cooling predominates within buildings, the vapor barrier should be located toward the exterior side of insulation. In relatively mild or balanced climates, or where assemblies are designed to minimize condensation conditions, a vapor barrier may not be necessary at all.
An interior vapor retarder is useful in heating-dominated climates while an exterior vapor retarder is useful in cooling-dominated climates. In most climates it is often better to have a vapor-open building assembly, meaning that walls and roofs should be designed to dry: either to the inside, the outside, or both, so the ventilation of water vapor should be taken into consideration.
A vapor barrier on the warm side of the envelope must be combined with a venting path on the cold side of the insulation. This is because no vapor barrier is perfect, and because water may get into the structure, typically from rain. In general, the better the vapor barrier and the drier the conditions, the less venting is required.
In areas below foundation level (subgrade areas), particularly those formed in concrete, vapor retarder placement can be problematic, as moisture infiltration from capillary action can exceed water vapor movement outward through framed and insulated walls.
A slab-on-grade or basement floor should be poured over a cross-laminated polyethylene vapor barrier over of granular fill to prevent wicking of moisture from the ground and radon gas incursion.
Inside a steel building, water vapor will condense whenever it comes into contact with a surface that is below the dew point temperature. Visible condensation on windowpanes and purlins that results in dripping can be somewhat mitigated with ventilation; however insulation is the preferred method of condensation prevention.
Confusion with air barrier
The function of a vapor barrier is to retard the migration of water vapor. A vapor barrier is not typically intended to retard the migration of air. This is the function of air barriers. Air is mixed with water vapor. When air moves from location to location due to an air pressure difference, the vapor moves with it. This is a type of migration of water vapor. In the strictest sense air barriers are also vapor barriers when they control the transport of moisture-laden air. It must be mentioned that the designated perm ratings do not reflect the diminished permeability of a given vapor retarder medium when affected by temperature differences on opposing sides of the medium.
A discussion about the differences between vapor barriers and air barriers can be found in Quirouette.
Packaging
The ability of a package to control the permeation and penetration of gasses is vital for many types of products. Tests are often conducted on the packaging materials but also on the completed packages, sometimes after being subjected to flexing, handling, vibration, or temperature.
See also
Air barrier
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC)
Infiltration
References
Fine Homebuilding No. 169 March 2005 p. 78
Fine Homebuilding No. 162, May 2004 p. 52
External links
Air Barriers vs. Vapor Barriers
Consumer's Guide to Vapor Barriers at the U.S. Department of Energy
Moisture protection
Psychrometrics
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
The Recreation Ground, usually referred to as Treflan, is a football stadium in Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain, Powys, Wales and is the home of Mid Wales League Division One club Llansantffraid Village. The Recreation Ground was the home of Welsh Premier League team The New Saints until they moved to Park Hall in nearby Oswestry, England, the former home of Oswestry Town F.C.
History
Llansantffriad F.C., which later became Total Network Solutions used the Recreation Ground as their home ground since 1959, though it had been used as the centre of football in Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain prior to this. Up until 1990, the Recreation Ground had no stands or clubhouse, which required players to change in a nearby pub. Being a recreation ground, it was also used to graze cows requiring clearing of cow dung before each match. They also used to play in the Welsh Premier League. In 2003, Total Network Solutions merged with Oswestry Town F.C. with the agreement that the majority of matches would be played at the Recreation Ground.
In 2005, it was announced that Total Network Solutions, later renamed The New Saints, would leave the Recreation Ground and move to Oswestry Town's old Park Hall ground in England following redevelopment. The move was made because The New Saints were unable to improve the Recreation Ground to bring it up to UEFA standards for European competition as it was a council owned recreation ground. This came after Total Network Solutions were obliged to move their UEFA Champions League match against Liverpool F.C. to Wrexham's Racecourse Ground because the Recreation Ground was not big enough to meet UEFA standards. Despite The New Saints leaving the Recreation Ground, chairman Mike Harris stated following the purchase of Total Network Solutions by British Telecom, that he still intended for The New Saints to run the Recreation Ground. As a result, the Recreation Ground was still used by The New Saints' youth teams. This was a reversal of the original situation following the merger of Total Network Solutions and Oswestry Town whereby the first team played at the Recreation Ground while the club's reserve, youth and ladies teams played at Park Hall.
In 2007, the Recreation Ground was proposed by The New Saints as a potential venue for the FAW Premier Cup final after they opposed the selection of their final opponent Newport County A.F.C.'s Rodney Parade being selected as the venue when they expected a neutral venue. However the Football Association of Wales rejected this as BBC Wales had requested it and the Recreation Ground "was not considered suitable and did not have the infrastructure required".
As a result of The New Saints moving to Oswestry, a number of Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain residents broke away from The New Saints to form Llansantffraid Village F.C. because of The New Saints were no longer playing regularly in the village and because most of the youth team's players were not from Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain. Llansantffraid Village then started to use the Recreation Ground for their matches in the Montgomeryshire Football League. Following this, the Recreation Ground became viewed as a public youth club. The Recreation Ground later became a target for vandalism with one occasion, vandals threw used nappies on the pitch and a fifth of the Recreation Ground's bucket seats were damaged.
Attendance
The highest attendance recorded at the Recreation Ground was 1,996 for a pre-season friendly between The New Saints F.C. (then known as "Total Network Solutions") and Chelsea F.C. on 9 August 2002. The Recreation Ground's record attendance in the league stands at 1,042, set at a Welsh Premier League game between The New Saints and Rhyl F.C. on 23 January 2005.
References
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
The 2019 Czech Darts Open was the ninth of thirteen PDC European Tour events on the 2019 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at the PVA Expo Praha, Prague, Czech Republic, from 28–30 June 2019. It featured a field of 48 players and £140,000 in prize money, with £25,000 going to the winner.
Jamie Hughes won his first PDC title with an 8–3 win over Stephen Bunting in the final.
Gerwyn Price hit the fourth nine-dart finish of the 2019 European Tour to beat Glen Durrant 6–4 in the second round. It was also the first of Price's career.
The tournament saw a new European tour record for the most seeded players losing their first match as 11 of 16 players including Michael van Gerwen and Peter Wright lost in the second round. The previous record was set by the 2017 Dutch Darts Masters which involved 9 seeds being eliminated.
It was the first ever PDC tournament held in the Czech Republic.
Prize money
This is how the prize money is divided:
Seeded players who lose in the second round do not receive this prize money on any Orders of Merit.
Qualification and format
The top 16 entrants from the PDC ProTour Order of Merit on 11 June will automatically qualify for the event and will be seeded in the second round.
The remaining 32 places will go to players from six qualifying events – 18 from the UK Tour cardholder Qualifier (held on 21 June), six from the European Tour cardholder Qualifier (held on 21 June), two from the West & South European Associate Member Qualifier (held on 19 May), four from the Host Nation Qualifier (held on 27 June), one from the Nordic & Baltic Qualifier (held on 8 March), and one from the East European Qualifier (held on 27 June).
From 2019, the Host Nation, Nordic & Baltic and East European Qualifiers will only be available to non-Tour cardholders. Any Tour cardholders from the applicable regions will have to play the main European Qualifier.
The following players will take part in the tournament:
Top 16
Michael van Gerwen (Second round)
Ian White (Quarter-finals)
Gerwyn Price (Third round)
Daryl Gurney (Quarter-finals)
Peter Wright (Second round)
James Wade (Second round)
Adrian Lewis (Second round)
Mensur Suljović (Quarter-finals)
Ricky Evans (Second round)
Steve Beaton (Second round)
Michael Smith (Second round)
Joe Cullen (Second round)
Jonny Clayton (Second round)
Simon Whitlock (Semi-finals)
Nathan Aspinall (Second round)
Darren Webster (Second round)
UK Qualifier
Glen Durrant (Second round)
Mervyn King (Quarter-finals)
Stephen Bunting (Runner-Up)
Chris Dobey (Third round)
John Henderson (Second round)
William O'Connor (Second round)
Andrew Gilding (Third round)
Keegan Brown (Semi-finals)
Steve West (First round)
Ted Evetts (Third round)
Corey Cadby (Third round)
Devon Petersen (First round)
Justin Pipe (Second round)
Kevin Garcia (First round)
Jamie Hughes (Champion)
Robert Thornton (First round)
William Borland (First round)
Brendan Dolan (First round)
European Qualifier
Krzysztof Ratajski (First round)
Jermaine Wattimena (Third round)
Rowby-John Rodriguez (First round)
Madars Razma (First round)
Danny Noppert (Third round)
Ron Meulenkamp (Third round)
West/South European Qualifier
Stefan Bellmont (First round)
Wessel Nijman (First round)
Host Nation Qualifier
Jan Hlaváček (First round)
Václav Schieferdecker (First round)
Ondřej Plšek (First round)
Karel Sedláček (Second round)
Nordic & Baltic Qualifier
Daniel Larsson (First round)
East European Qualifier
Sebastian Steyer (First round)
Draw
References
2019 PDC Pro Tour
2019 PDC European Tour
2019 in Czech sport
June 2019 sports events in Europe
Darts in the Czech Republic
A leukocidin is a type of cytotoxin created by some types of bacteria (Staphylococcus). It is a type of pore-forming toxin. The model for pore formation is step-wise. First, the cytotoxin's “S” subunit recognizes specific protein-containing receptors, or an integrin on the host cell's surface. The S subunit then recruits a second, “F” subunit, and the two subunits dimerize on the surface of the host's cell. After dimerization, oligomerization occurs. Finally, the oligomers, consisting of alternating S and F subunits, undergo a significant structural change and form a beta-barrel, that pierces through the host cell's lipid bilayer.
Leukocidins get their names by killing ("-cide") leukocytes. Leukocidins target phagocytes, natural killer cells, dendritic cells, and T lymphocytes and therefore targets both, innate and adaptive immune responses. Leukocidins fall into the category of bacterial invasin. Invasins are enzymatic secretions that help bacteria invade the host tissue to which they are attached. Although similar to exotoxins, invasins are different in two respects: they work through much less specific mechanisms than exotoxins, and their actions are generally more localized.
One type is Panton-Valentine leukocidin.
References
External links
Bacterial toxins
Cheringoma District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Inhaminga. The district is located in the northeast of the province, and borders with Caia District in the north, Marromeu District in the northeast, Muanza District in the south, Gorongosa District in the west, and with Maringué District in the northwest. In the south, it is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 34,133 as of 2007.
Geography
The northern part of the district belongs to the drainage basin of the Zambezi. The Zangué River, a major right tributary of the Zambezi, makes a border with Caia District. The rivers in the southeastern portion of the district drain into the Pungwe River.
The central part of the district lies on the Cheringoma Plateau. The highest point on the plateau is 379 meters elevation, located near Inhaminga. The plateau slopes steeply towards the north and west, and more gently towards the south and east.
The climate of the district is tropical wet dry (Aw in the Köppen climate classification). The average annual rainfall in the district varies between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 43% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 23% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cindau. 81% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Inhaminga (four localities) and Inhamitanga (two localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 4,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, pearl millet, sorghum, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of a national road connecting Beira and Caia. There is a railway between Beira and Caia as well. It is not operational.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
P. cookei may refer to:
Phacelia cookei, a plant in the family Boraginaceae, endemic to California
Plesiadapis cookei, an extinct primate
Pseudocellus cookei, an arachnid in the family Ricinoididae, native to Guatemala
Psychotria cookei, a plant in the family Rubiaceae, endemic to French Polynesia
The 1971 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 41st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship. The championship began on 15 August 1971 and ended on 5 September 1971.
Cork were the defending champions.
On 5 September 1971, Cork won the championship following a 2-11 to 1-11 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their 11th All-Ireland title and their third in successive championship seasons.
Cork's Pat Buckley was the championship's top scorer with 3-13.
Teams
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
Scoring statistics
Overall
Top scorers in a single game
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Tangyuan or Tang Yuan, or variation may refer to:
Tangyuan (food) (汤圆), Chinese food made from glutinous rice flour
Tangyuan County (汤原县), of Jiamusi, Heilongjiang, China
Tangyuan, Shandong (唐园镇), a town in Linqing, Shandong, China
Tang Yuan (唐渊, born 1989), Chinese soccer player
See also
Yuantang (language game)
Tang (disambiguation)
Yuan (disambiguation)
Huck's Raft is a history of American childhood and youth, written by Steven Mintz. The 2006 H-Net review wrote that the book was the best single-volume history of its kind.
References
External links
2004 non-fiction books
Harvard University Press books
History books about education
History of childhood
English-language books
Merle Curti Award winners
Gnana Soundari is a 1948 Indian Tamil-language film written, produced and directed by the duo F. Nagoor and Joseph Thaliath Jr. The film stars T. R. Mahalingam, M. V. Rajamma in lead roles with D. Balasubramaniam, Sivabhagyam, Lalitha and Padmini playing supporting roles. The film revolves around Gnana Soundari, daughter of King Dharmar who is ill-treated by her stepmother Lenal. In order to get rid of her, Lenal sends her to a forest. In the process, Soundari loses both of her hands and she gets saved by prince Pilenthiran.
The film was adapted from a stage play conducted by Nawab Rajamanickam which itself adapted from a Christian folk tale. The film's screenplay was written by Nanjil Nadu T. N. Rajappa. The film's soundtrack was composed by S. V. Venkatraman. Jithin Banerjee and Selvaraj handled the film's cinematography respectively. The film was edited by V. B. Nagaraj. Gnana Soundari was made with an estimated budget of ₹30,000 with a final film reel length of . Development of the film began when Citadel Pictures decided to adapt the film while S. S. Vasan directing another version of the same play at that time. The film was released on 21 May 1948 with this version being successful while the version of Vasan failed.
Cast
Male cast
T. R. Mahalingam as Pilendiran
D. Balasubramaniam as Dharmar
C. V. Nayagam as Simion
P. G. Venkatesan as Michael (Oracle)
Pulimootai Ramasami as Anthony
Buffoon Shanmugam as Susai
Female cast
M. V. Rajamma as Gnana Soundari
P. S. Sivabhagyam as Lenal
B. Saradambal as Bhagyam
Baby Rajamani as Young Gnana Soundari
P. R. Mangalam as Arogyam
Lalitha-Padmini as Palace Dancers
Production
F. Nagoor and Joseph Thaliath Jr., son of judicial officer in Trivandrum decided to produce and direct the film based on a stage play conducted by Nawab Rajamanickam which itself adapted from a Christian folk tale. During the same time, S. S. Vasan announced making the film adaptation of same stage play for which he had cast M. K. Radha and Kannamba in lead roles. S. V. Venkatraman composed the film's music and Jithin Banerjee and Selvaraj were the film's cinematographers.
The film was edited by Nagaraj while Nagoor was the film's art director. The film's screenplay was written by NanjilNadu T. N. Rajappa. The producers had originally chosen Bhanumathi for the titular character. However she opted out as she felt uncomfortable shooting with her hands being tied back for many scenes. Kannada actress M. V. Rajamma was chosen for the role. Makeup man Haribabu made her look young as she was elder than T. R. Mahalingam. To develop the scenes of lead character struggling in forest, makers watched a Hollywood film on Jesus Christ and developed the scenes by getting inspired from the film.
The film was made on a budget of shoestring budget of ₹30,000 (worth ₹2.1 crore in 2021 prices) with Rajamma being paid ₹1,500 and Mahalingam ₹5,000 with additional amount of ₹2,500. It became the first Tamil film where a song sequence presented the life of Christ on screen.
Soundtrack
As per film titles, the film's soundtrack was composed by S. V. Venkatraman. M. S. Gnanamani composed music for 3 songs. Lyrics were penned by Kambadasan, Balasundara Kavi, Papanasam Sivan, K. R. Sarangapani, T. N. Rajappa and K. D. Santhanam. The song "Arultharum Devamatha" was well received and it is a cult classic. The song was sung by P. A. Periyanayaki and young Jikki. Songs are from the song book: The song Arunothayaanandhame penned by Papanasam Sivan was set as a Ragamaliga comprising Kambodhi, Simmendra Madhyamam and Sama ragas. Lyricist details taken from the film's credits.(See External links).
Release and reception
Gnana Soundari was released on 21 May 1948. The Indian Express wrote, "M. V. Rajamma plays the title role creditably, exciting the sympathy of the audience by her characterisation of the ingenuous princess in the very many pathetic situations that abound in the play". Joseph Thaliath Jr. had to release the film on his own at Paragon theatre as part of sharing revenue basis since no distributor were willing to buy the film as they felt Vasan's version was larger in appeal. However the film of Vasan failed at box office as audience could not accept characters speaking in a Brahmin accent and this version was well received at box office. S. S. Vasan, withdrew his film from the theatres as a respect to the tremendous victory of the Citadel version.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
- A song sung by T. R. Mahalingam included in the original film but
not available in the YouTube video copy.
1948 films
Indian black-and-white films
1940s Tamil-language films
Films scored by S. V. Venkatraman
Films directed by Joseph Thaliath Jr.
Indian historical films
1940s historical films
Films about Christianity
Films based on Indian folklore
Portrayals of Jesus in film
Portrayals of the Virgin Mary in film
Marian apparitions in film
Shor in the City () is a 2011 Indian Hindi-language crime drama film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K., and produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor starring Tusshar Kapoor, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Preeti Desai, Girija Oak, Radhika Apte, Nikhil Dwivedi, Pitobash Tripathy, Sundeep Kishan (in his Hindi debut) and Amit Mistry.
The background score of the film was composed by Roshan Machado. The first look of the film was unveiled on 21 March 2011 while the film was released in India on 28 April 2011.
Plot
Five prominent personalities in the city Mumbai is the focus of the film. Tilak (Tusshar Kapoor) is a small-time publisher of unlicensed books along with his friends Mandook (Pitobash Tripathy) and Ramesh (Nikhil Dwivedi).They kidnap a famous author and force him to give the manuscript of his latest book to them so that they will be the first ones to publish it.
Abhay (Sendhil Ramamurthy) is a NRI who returns to India to start his own small business and meets Shalmili (Preeti Desai).
Sawan (Sundeep Kishan) is a young cricketer hoping to break into the under-22 Mumbai cricket team. The story focuses on their trials and tribulations as they battle life in the city of Mumbai during the chaotic period of the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
The film attempts to address topics such as chance, the never-ending conflict between hope and despair, and self-actualization. The film begins with the song "Karma is a bitch," which fits with the major concept of the movie, in which the characters struggle to come to terms with their own actions. Abhay has a horrible past that isn't disclosed in the movie, but it's possible that he travelled to India to escape it. Tilak initially holds himself responsible for the injury of the child due to bomb explosion that happens in the movie which brings him closer to his wife and viewing life from a different perspective. The goons who traumatised Abhay eventually end up being shot by their own bullets on the day of Ganesha Visarjan.
Tilak gets a new life and finds his treasure at home. Sawan gives up the money he finds at the bank robbery and instead focuses on improving his game for cricket selections and gets support from Sejal (Sawan's partner) too. Ramesh is seen applying for jobs and Mandook protesting at a rally. Towards the end of the movie all characters move on different paths.
Cast
Tusshar Kapoor as Tilak
Sendhil Ramamurthy as Abhay
Nikhil Dwivedi as Ramesh
Preeti Desai as Shalmili
Sundeep Kishan as Sawan "Sawi" Murthy
Pitobash as Mandook
Radhika Apte as Sapna
Girija Oak as Sejal
Amit Mistry as Tipu
Zakir Hussain as Extortionist
Production
Shor in the City was made on a small budget of ₹3 Crore and a further ₹2.75 crore on P&A, with total investment coming to around ₹6 crore. Trade analysts estimated that around 50% of this will be recovered from non-theatrical revenue but as always it is the theatrical revenue that decides a film's fate at the box office.
Balaji Motion Pictures, head of distribution and acquisition Girish Johar says "We gave Shor in the City a tight release of around 500 screens across the country and the film found appreciation. It grossed around ₹3.85 crore in just 4 days and adding the revenue from non-theatrical rights, the whole investment on the film has been more than recovered."
Reception
Box office
Shor in the City nett. grossed ₹2.89 crore in India. Shor in the City also opened poorly at around 10–15% in 475 cinemas(500 screens) in India. It was estimated that the film has advantage of low costs which should be recovered but theatrical business may not be much.⁣
Critical response
The film was well received by critics.
Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India awarded it four stars out of five and stated "With a zany screenplay (Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK), excellent cinematography by Tushar Kanti Ray and peppy music by Sachin-Jigar, Shor in the City is another breaking-norm film from Ekta Kapoor".
Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave it three and a half stars and wrote "Shor in the City belongs to one of those rare categories of movies with sensibilities that would not only entice the festival crowd and the cinema literate, but also lure the ardent moviegoer."
Aniruddha Guha of the Daily News and Analysis gave it three stars and said "Shor in the City is the kind of reassuring film you yearn to watch amid, well, what 'Bollywood' has to offer every week. Also, it articulates something you have only probably thought before – 'Karma IS a bitch.'"
Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN awarded three and a half stars saying "A delicious mix of quirky humor, gruesome violence, and surprising sensitivity, Shor in the City works on the strength of its smart script and consistent performances from its ensemble cast."
Rediff awarded the film four stars and said "Raj-Krishna's Shor in the City robotically registers itself in Indian cinema's history."
Anupama Chopra of NDTV gave the movie four stars and wrote "Shor in the City is a terrific film. It's surprising and disturbing and has a vein of rich, dark humor coursing through it."
Shubhra Gupta of the Indian Express gave it a three-star rating and commented "What makes Shor in the City an instant clutter-breaker is its darkly comic treatment. It makes you smile because its humour comes from within. It's not grafted. And it's got heart : we feel for the characters."
Tushar Joshi of MiD DAY gave it a four-star rating and wrote "Loaded with humor, sarcasm and wit. That truly is the beauty of the makers who succeed in arresting you with their tales. The spectacular climax is easily one of the best written in recent times."
Karan Anshuman of Mumbai Mirror gave it a four-star rating, saying "Three stories, eleven days, myriad layers, believable characters, fine performances, spirited direction, taut script, momentary explosions of originality."
Awards
Shor in the City was officially selected for the Busan International Film Festival and the Dubai International Film Festival in 2010. The film won the Best Director Award for Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK at MIAAC in New York.
Soundtrack
The songs are composed by Sachin–Jigar
. Two songs from Harpreet were taken from his Sufi compilation called Teri Justujoo released by Sony in 2008. Lyrics are penned by Sameer and Priya Panchal. Shor in the City Soundtrack Tops The Charts in few days. The song Karma Is a Bitch is influenced from Ida Maria's Bad Karma.
Track listing
Bonus tracks
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Hindi-language films
2010s buddy comedy films
2010s crime comedy-drama films
Films set in Mumbai
Films shot in Mumbai
Indian buddy comedy films
Indian crime comedy-drama films
Balaji Motion Pictures films
2010 comedy-drama films
Films directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
The People's Alliance of New Brunswick (PANB) is a provincial political party in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. In the 2018 election, the party won three seats in the provincial legislature for the first time since its founding. The party advocated for "common sense" government and the abolition of the Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages, with a transfer of that office's responsibilities to the office of the provincial ombudsman. The party's platform has been described as "a mixture of economic conservatism, rural populism and opposition to some aspects of official bilingualism and duality".
History
The People's Alliance Party of New Brunswick was created in the spring of 2010 amidst opposition to the provincial government's plan to sell NB Power to Hydro-Québec, and was officially registered on June 9, 2010.
In the provincial election held on September 27, 2010, the party aimed to run as many candidates as possible. It nominated 14, none of whom were elected. The party won 4,365 votes in those ridings.
Kris Austin, a former interdenominational minister and candidate for the PC Party nomination in the Grand Lake-Gagetown riding, was leader from 2010 to 2022. He was the Deputy Mayor of Minto from 2012 to 2016.
Relationship with Francophone communities
Following the 2018 election, representatives of Acadian and Francophone civil society denounced the party and its election platform. The party was deemed ("not to be associated with") by 14 Acadian associations and 19 mayors of Francophone municipalities who criticized their "anti-Francophone and anti-equality" positions.
2014 election
The People's Alliance fielded 18 candidates in the 2014 provincial election. In mid-August the governing Progressive Conservative party threatened to pull out of the CBC, Rogers and CTV leaders debates if People's Alliance leader Kris Austin or Green leader David Coon were allowed into the televised debates. CBC stood its ground, citing the right of all New Brunswickers to see and hear all five leaders debate the issues. PC leader David Alward reversed his decision soon after, when CBC prepared to go ahead with the debate without him. Rogers soon followed suit, reversing its earlier decision to keep Austin and Coon out. In the end, only CTV (Bell Media) kept Austin and Coon out of its roundtable debate, which was aired three days before election night.
The party did not win any seats in the election; however, leader Kris Austin missed being elected by only 26 votes in the riding of Fredericton-Grand Lake. Austin was granted a recount, but the recount upheld the election night results with only one additional vote going to Austin than originally counted.
The party had two third-place finishes with LeRoy Armstrong in Sussex-Fundy-St.Martins and deputy leader Wes Gullison in Southwest Miramichi-Bay du Vin.
2018 election
In the 2018 election, the party won three seats in the provincial legislature. Party leader Kris Austin was elected in Fredericton-Grand Lake, Rick DeSaulniers was elected in Fredericton-York, and Michelle Conroy was elected in Miramichi, unseating two-time Liberal Cabinet Minister Bill Fraser. The party won 12.58 percent of the popular vote.
2019 legislative developments
At a December 18, 2018 committee meeting, MLAs of the province increased the budget of the Auditor General by $1 million, something that had long been in the platform of the People's Alliance. The Commissioner of Official Languages also received a 25 percent budget increase, even though the People's Alliance campaigned on abolishing the office. The constituency office budget was also increased by $10,000 to $50,000 for each MLA. This budget had not seen an increase in ten years, and the money went towards office expenses in each constituency. The base budget of each party was changed to $250,000 with an additional $25,000 per MLA in the caucus. Previously, third parties like the People's Alliance received minimal funding on an ad hoc basis. The raise was met with criticism by the Liberal opposition, as cuts were subsequently made to infrastructure projects in sectors including healthcare and education.
2020 election
In the 2020 provincial election, Austin and Conroy were re-elected while Rick DeSaulniers was defeated. The party won 8.95 percent of the popular vote.
2022 deregistration
Kris Austin and Michelle Conroy announced their departures from the People's Alliance of New Brunswick to join the Progressive Conservatives on March 30, 2022. The People's Alliance of New Brunswick was deregistered as a provincial party on March 31, 2022. In April 2022, interim leader Rick DeSaulniers and party announced plans to re-register as a party. Elections New Brunswick confirmed the party was re-registered in May 2022.
Election results
References
External links
Provincial political parties in New Brunswick
Political parties established in 2010
Organizations based in Fredericton
Right-wing populism in Canada
2010 establishments in New Brunswick
ProZ.com is a membership-based website targeting freelance translators. Founded in 1999, it is mainly used for posting and responding to translation job offers. , ProZ.com reports more than 960,000 registered users, spanning more than 200 countries and territories worldwide.
The site is available in more than 45 languages and is being localized in 35 other languages, although localization is not complete for many languages, the default setting being English. QuantCast reports ProZ.com has 220k monthly unique U.S. visitors.
The website is not restricted to professional translators and hosts a number of semi-professional and amateur translators. It is open to anyone, without proof of competency or legal registration.
Features and information
ProZ.com is based in Syracuse, New York, United States, and it has offices in La Plata, Argentina and Kharkiv, Ukraine.
The site features a virtual community of translators and offers a wide range of resources. Registered users are able to broadcast their professional identity as translators on the internet and receive job offers in the mail with the appropriate language combinations. Registration is required for most services. It also provides discussion forums and online glossaries. Although much of the website requires paid membership in order to be used, and the website receives income from paid advertising, the site has been developed with the help of unpaid volunteers. One remarkable feature is its terminology questions, asked and answered by users; more than 2 million term translation questions have been answered via the site.
The website features reputation systems: WWA for translators and the BlueBoard for outsourcers.
Inc. Magazine rates the service as "a helpful resource for small translation projects" but because only paid members could see the going rates, "non-members may have trouble figuring out how much to offer.". (That rate information has since been made public.)
A Guardian blog article published in April 2012 referred to ProZ.com as "the world's largest translator organisation".
On September 30, 2009 the site organized a virtual conference that attracted a large number of attendees. Annual virtual translation conferences have been held since then, and are open to anyone with a registered profile on the site.
Scams
Numerous cases of scamming and identity theft (including large-scale data harvesting) have been reported and preventive measures taken to address the problems.
Sites with comparable features
ProZ.com leads its major competitors in the segment of translation websites, such as TranslatorCertification.com, TranslatorsCafe.com, TranslationDirectory.com, TraduGuide.com, TTMEM.com in two major metrics, volume of activity and registered users.
Cooperation with non-profits
ProZ.com has contributed programming services and a work platform, and access to its database of translators to the non-profit group Translators Without Borders. It also cooperated with non-profit Ashoka, and has sponsored events held by the American Translators Association and others in the past.
In particular, ProZ.com is hosting and powering the translation platform used by Translators Without Borders to deliver over 2.5 million words in 2011 and 4.5 million words in 2012, donated by volunteers to humanitarian organizations. This includes the translation into several languages of Wikipedia medical articles as part of the WikiProject Medicine.
References
External links
ProZ.com
Translation websites
Internet properties established in 1999
Companies based in Syracuse, New York
Professional networks
1999 establishments in New York (state)
Christie or Christy (with various alternative spellings) is a given name, used in English for females. The name Christie originated from Italy in 1222, and derives from the Greek names Christos (a reference to Christ, literally 'anointed one') and Christiana (meaning 'follower of Christ'). The name Christy appears in Ireland in 1345, and is a common masculine name there. When used as a personal name in English, it is usually a diminutive form of the personal names Christian, Christopher, etc. (masculine), or Christine, Christina, etc. (feminine). The name "Christie" has been assigned other connotations, such as 'angel', 'cute', 'graceful', 'beautiful', 'lovely', even 'princess'.
People with the given name Christy
Christy Brown (1932–1981), Irish writer and painter, author of My Left Foot
Christy Canyon (born 1966), American actress and radio personality
Christy Clark (born 1965), Canadian politician
Christy Chung (born 1970), Canadian-Chinese actress
Christy Goldsmith Romero, American lawyer, Special Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Program
Christy Gibson, Dutch-Thai actress
Christy Hemme (born 1980), American actress, professional wrestling valet, singer, ring announcer, retired professional wrestler, TNA Knockout, and former WWE Diva
Christy Lemire (born 1972), American film critic
Christy Martin (footballer), a former Irish footballer
Christy Martin (boxer) (born 1968), American boxer
Christy Mathewson (1880–1925), American baseball player
Christy Mihos former Independent candidate for the Massachusetts gubernatorial election 2006
Christy Moore (born 1945), Irish folk singer-songwriter
Christy O'Connor Snr (1924–2016), Irish golfer
Christy O'Connor Jnr (born 1948), nephew of Christy Snr, Irish golfer
Christy Ring (1920–1979), Irish hurler
Christy Carlson Romano (born 1984), American actress
Christy Turlington (born 1969), American supermodel Christy Anning born in Australia
People with the given name Christie
Christie Allen (1954–2008), English musician
Christie Ambrosi (b. 1976), American baseball player
Christie Benet (1879–1951), American politician
Christie Blatchford (1951–2020), Canadian news reporter
Christie Brinkley (b. 1954), American model
Christie Claridge (fl. 1980s), American model
Christie Clark (b. 1973), American film actress
Christie Cole (fl. 1990-2000s), American model
Christie Dawes (b. 1980), Australian paraplegic athlete
Christie Golden (b. 1963), American author
Christie Harris (1907–2002), Canadian author
Christie Hayes (b. 1986), Australian actress
Christie Hefner (b. 1952), American businesswoman
Christie Hennessy (1945–2007), Irish musician
Christie Jayaratnam Eliezer (1918–2001), Sri Lankan-born Australian academic
Christie Lee Woods (b. 1977), American model
Christie Pudlas (b. 1993), Canadian iconic beauty and nurse
Christie Macaluso (b. 1945), American Roman Catholic Prelate
Christie MacFadyen (fl. 1980-2000s), Canadian actress
Christie Mjolsness (fl. 1980-1990s), Canadian politician and athlete
Christie Morris (1882–1971), American cricketer
Christie Rampone (b. 1975), American soccer player and coach
Christie Ricci (b. 1982), American wrestler
Christie Ridgway (fl. 1990-2000s), American author
Christie D. Rowe (born 1978), American earthquake geologist
Christie Shaner (b. 1984), American soccer player
Christie Welsh (b. 1981), American soccer player
Christie Whitman (b. 1946), American politician
Christie Van Hees (b. 1977), Canadian racquetball player
Christie Wolf (b. 1966), American bodybuilder and model (Christine, also spelled "Christi")
See also
Christy (disambiguation)
Christy (surname)
Christie (disambiguation)
Christie (surname)
Chrystia Freeland
Irish masculine given names
English feminine given names
The Sumgayit FK 2020–21 season was Sumgayit's tenth Azerbaijan Premier League season, and eleventh season in their history.
Season events
On 17 July, Sumgayit announced the signing of Tellur Mutallimov and Elvin Mammadov from Zira to one-year contracts.
On 14 August, Sumgayit announced the signing of Ali Ghorbani from Sepahan to a one-year contract, with the option of an additional year. The following day, 15 August, Sumgayit announced the signing of Karam Sultanov from Caspiy, also on a one-year contract with the option of a second.
On 19 August, Sumgayit announced the singing of Adam Hemati from Pars Jonoubi Jam to a one-year contract with the option of a second.
On 8 September, Sumgayit announced the singing of Huseyn Jafarov from União de Leiria to a three-year contract.
On 18 September, Sumgayit announced the singing of Javid Imamverdiyev from Keşla.
On 27 November, Sumgayit's match against Gabala scheduled for 28 November was postponed due to players testing positive for COVID-19.
On 11 January, Sumgayit re-signed striker Mehdi Sharifi from Paykan, with Hojjat Haghverdi joining the following day.
On 15 January, Sumgayit announced the signing of Dmitri Naghiyev to a 2.5-year contract from Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol. Three days later, 18 January, Karam Sultanov left Sumgayit by mutual consent.
Squad
Transfers
In
Loans in
Released
Friendlies
Competitions
Premier League
Results summary
Results by round
Results
League table
Azerbaijan Cup
Final
UEFA Europa League
Qualifying Rounds
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from Sumgayit on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Sumgayit during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
Sumgayit FK seasons
Azerbaijani football clubs 2020–21 season
The Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic () is a government ministry, which was established in 1969.
External links
Czech Republic
Labour and Social Affairs
Ministries established in 1969
1969 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Peter Wiedemann (born 23 October 1953 in Erlangen, West Germany) is a German ophthalmologist, specialist in medical and surgical retina and was head at the Department of Ophthalmology at the Leipzig University, Germany, from 1993 to 2021.
Education
After finishing high school in Ingolstadt, he studied medicine in Bochum, Rennes, Stanford and in Erlangen. The following four years he spent in the field of pharmacology, beginning his work at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. During a research stay at the Doheny Eye Institute of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles he worked for Stephen J. Ryan. K. Heimann, who later became his teacher during the succeeding residency at the University of Cologne, and Stephen J. Ryan became his mentors and the most influential persons of his academic and clinical life. After his residency, he stayed in Cologne till 1993. At the age of 39, he got the position of professor and chair at Leipzig University. Along with his clinical work in Leipzig, he continued his research work in the field of macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR).
He was a member of the directorate of the University Hospital of Leipzig (1995–1999), the Executive Vice President of the Leipzig University (2003–2006), the President of the Saxonian Ophthalmological Society (1994, 1999, 2005, 2008 and 2012), the President of the German Ophthalmological Society (2009) and member of the Club Jules Gonin Executive Committee (2000–2006).
He is currently the Secretary General of the Academia Ophthalmologica Internationalis, a board member of the ICO (International Council of Ophthalmology), the Scientific Program Chair for the World Ophthalmology Congress (WOC) (since June 2010), member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, member of the European Academy of Ophthalmology as well as of the European Board of Ophthalmology and guest professor of Fourth Military Medical University, Xi'an, China.
Honors and awards
1988 Chibret Fellowship
1989 Prix Galien
1993 Science Price of the Rheinisch Westfällische Augenärzte
1996 Henley Lecture
1997 Lecture Argentina Ophthalmological Society
1997 BEAVRS Alcon Professorship
1998 Lecture Japanese Ophthalmological Society
1998 Gonin Lecture
2000 EVER Lecture
2004 Montgomery Lecture
2010 Doheny Scholar
2011 ARVO Silver Fellow
Publications
Wiedemann has published more than 400 peer reviewed papers and eight books. His clinical papers focus on proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR), age-related macular degeneration (AMD), central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO), myopia and diabetic retinopathy. His basic science papers concern the role of retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) or Muller cells in retinal diseases. As the co-editor of the Ryan's RETINA 5th edition, the standard reference for retinologist worldwide, he was responsible for the surgical section.
References
External links
CV of Peter Wiedemann at Leopoldina
Homepage of the Department of Ophthalmology at the Leipzig University
Peter Wiedemann as one of the most frequently quoted German scientists in the field of ophthalmology
Living people
1953 births
German ophthalmologists
Leipzig University faculty
The Canadian Union of Public Employees, Local 3902 (CUPE 3902) is a Canadian labour union local representing sessional lecturers, postdoctoral researchers and teaching assistants (TAs) at the University of Toronto, Victoria University in the University of Toronto, the University of St. Michael's College and New College in the University of Toronto.
Organization
CUPE 3902 is organized into five bargaining units:
Unit 1: Student or post-doctoral fellow TAs, course instructors, invigilators, and Chief Presiding Officers (CPOs). This is the largest unit with 7,000 people.
Unit 2: all persons employed by Victoria University on contracts of less than one-year as lecturers, demonstrators, tutors, markers, graders or teaching/laboratory assistants.
Unit 3: Sessional lecturers, music professionals, writing instructors, and sessional instruction assistants.
Unit 4: Course instructors, teaching assistants, writing instructors, and continuing education instructors at St. Michael's College.
Unit 5: Post-doctoral fellows.
Unit 6: Non-Credit Instructors at New College
History
The predecessor of CUPE 3902 was the first graduate employee union to receive certification by a Labour Relations Board in North America. Prior to the certification by the Ontario Labour Relations Board in 1973, graduate employees in Canada had no representation in negotiating the terms and conditions of work. As of 2006, most graduate student employees in English Canadian universities have been unionized.
Organizing drive
In 1973, the University administration recommended a 6% salary increase for all academic staff except TAs. The Graduate Students' Union (GSU) tried to get the University Administration to bargain with them, but the Administration refused. And so, on June 6, 1973 a group of 7 TAs met to form what became CUPE 3902. Together with a band of volunteers and with the financial support of the GSU (which paid the salary of an organizer), they organized to form a trade union, the first for student academic workers in Canada.
Prior to certification, there were some 444 pay categories for TAs at the University of Toronto. Members could be fired without cause, and had no avenue for appeal. Hiring was, in many cases, an exercise in patronage.
The drive for a Union first met with success at Victoria College. The TAs at Victoria were granted a certificate as Local One, Graduate Assistants' Association (GAA). Since the Arts Departments were transferred from the Colleges to the University in 1974, the Victoria unit ceased to have any employees. As a result a Collective Agreement was never entered into and representation rights lapsed. At the same time, the centre of energy shifted to the main U of T campus. Local Two, GAA, was certified in 1975 after a long legal battle and a certification vote.
Negotiations begin
The first collective agreement (1975-1977) reduced the 444 pay categories to three. Hiring procedures were established and a grievance procedure was formulated to solve problems and to settle disputes and differences of opinion between TAs and course instructors and the Administration. The establishment of these norms respecting graduate student employment was a first in Canada.
Growth of the national union
At the same time, TAs and sessional lecturers were organizing at York University (now Local 3903 of CUPE) and Ryerson University (3904). The National Union grew rapidly, if chaotically, in those early years, organizing TAs at Lakehead University (3905), TAs and contract faculty at McMaster University (3906), and graduate assistants at OISE (3907). In 1980, the Union renamed itself the Canadian Union of Educational Workers (CUEW). CUEW eventually organized contract faculty at Trent University (3908), TAs and student instructors at the University of Manitoba (3909), contract faculty at the University of Ottawa (which disaffiliated in 1992), and contract faculty at Athabasca University (3911).
By the early 1990s, the National Union had grown to be the dominant union in its field—part-time academic employees in the post-secondary sector. New organizing drives were launched which yielded two more locals — Dalhousie University (3912) and the University of Guelph (3913). There were more demands from other TAs and sessional and part-time lecturers for organizing drives.
Merger with CUPE
However, the National Union had entered a financial and leadership crisis which resulted in merger discussions with CUPE. The local joined CUPE 1 January 1995 following a membership referendum authorizing the merger.
Expansion of the bargaining unit
Starting in 1997, the Union began to work with non-student instructional staff to join CUPE 3902. After two applications, and an extended process in front of the Ontario Labour Relations Board, sessionals finally certified in the summer of 2004 with nearly 90% in favour of joining. Just prior to the issuance of the sessionals' certificate, the Union worked with contract instructional staff at Victoria University, successfully certifying in the summer of 2004 with only 2 votes cast against the Union. Both of these units negotiated a first contract in 2004-2005. The sessionals' Agreement was ratified on 1 April 2005, and the Victoria Agreement was ratified on 4 May 2005. Contracts for both have been renegotiated once and are undergoing their next round of bargaining commencing the summer of 2009.
Strikes
CUPE 3902 has signed fifteen Collective Agreements for what is now Unit 1 with the U of T since it was organized. The local has engaged in five strikes since its formation. Each of these received coverage in local and national press.
In 1989 the local struck primarily over the issue of job security.
In 1991 the local struck over the issue of overwork - establishing industry-standard rules governing overwork. This was the first time the University of Toronto locked out its teaching staff.
In January 2000, the local engaged in a four-week strike/lockout centred on the issue of tuition fees. While the local was unable to achieve tuition fee waivers or reductions, the actions at the bargaining table and on the picket lines created the political momentum for the major changes that began in 2001. The post-4 fee reduction was a GSU proposal from many years ago. The TA strike improved what the University of Toronto was willing to put in place. As a result of the strike, the University of Toronto introduced the first guaranteed graduate funding in Canada, guaranteed in the Collective Agreement.
In 2012, members of Unit 4 went on a strike in order to achieve a first Collective Agreement. The strike lasted for four days.
In 2015, members of Unit 1 went on strike for four weeks. Their demands centered on raising the minimum funding package and tuition relief for upper-year students in research-stream graduate programs who were outside of the funded cohort.
In 2021, members of Unit 1 threatened to go on strike beginning March 25 until an agreement could be reached with the University. However, no news of a strike was announced.
Union dues and financial benefits
The mandated dues for all union members is 2.45% of their gross income from the university. As a union benefit, guaranteed gross annual salaries are $15,000 for research stream PhD students and $34,000 for postdoctoral fellows in 2018. Other minimum wages are on an hourly, or per course basis. For context, the estimated cost of living in Toronto is about $42,584 or about $55,500 before income taxes for renters who take public transit.
See also
Coalition of Graduate Employee Unions
List of graduate student employee unions
References
Canadian Union of Public Employees
Trade unions in Ontario
University of Toronto
Graduate school trade unions
Trade unions established in 1973
Tambara District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Nhacolo. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Tete Province in the north, Chemba District of Sofala Province in the east, Maringué District of Sofala Province in the southeast, Macossa District in the south, and with Guro District in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 41,339 as of 2007.
Geography
The district is located on the left bank of the Zambezi.
The climate of the district is tropical dry, with the annual rainfall varying between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 51% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 16% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 84% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Nhacolo (three localities), Búzua (two localities), and Nhacafula (one locality).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 7,500 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district approximately long which includes the regional road ER405 connecting Nhacolo with Tete Province.
References
Districts in Manica Province
Tunnicliff-Jordan House is a historic home located at Richfield Springs in Otsego County, New York. The house consists of three blocks. The main block was built between 1810 and 1835 and is a 2-story, four-bay, square plan building with a hipped roof. A -story, gable-roofed frame ell dated between 1830 and 1850 extends from the rear. A narrow single-story lean-to, originally added to the ell about 1850, was remodeled for residential use about 1939. The main entrance has a simple Greek Revival style entablature.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Greek Revival houses in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1835
Houses in Otsego County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Otsego County, New York
Neville Robert Stevens is a former senior Australian public servant and policymaker. He is a consultant and serves on a number of boards.
Life and career
Stevens was appointed to his first Secretary role in December 1990, as head of the Department of Industry, Technology and Commerce, having been a Deputy Secretary in the department for over five years. He continued in the top job when the department was abolished and replaced with the Department of Industry, Technology and Regional Development in March 1993.
He was moved to the Department of Communications when it was established in December 1993. He stayed at the Communications Department in the Secretary role as its functions expanded, first becoming the Department of Communications and the Arts in 1994, and later the Department of Communications, Information Technology and the Arts in 1998.
During his time as departmental Secretary of the Communication Department, Stevens was closely involved in telecommunications reform, broadcasting policy and IT industry development. He oversaw government IT policy during a period of tremendous change. He also served on the Council of the National Library of Australia.
Neville Stevens retired from the Australian Public Service in 2001. In 2003, he was appointed Chair of the Australian Centre for Advanced Computing and Communications Board.
Stevens was appointed Chair of the Cooperative Research Centres Committee in July 2010.
Awards
Stevens was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to the Centenary of Federation celebrations. He was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in January 2003 for service in the field of public sector administration, particularly oversighting the implementation of reforms in the information technology and telecommunications industries, and to the community through executive membership of a range of cultural and artistic organisations.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Officers of the Order of Australia
Australian public servants
During the 1966-1967 season Juventus competed in Serie A, Coppa Italia and Fairs Cup .
Summary
The club face the ban over transfers of foreign players imposed by Italian Federation of Football to all teams in Serie A and it will not lift until 1980. After 6 years, Juventus clinched the national title again winning the race against La Grande Inter.
Squad
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
Second round
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Fairs Cup
First round
Round of 32
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Statistics
Goalscorers
16 goals
Giampaolo Menichelli
13 goals
Virginio De Paoli
12 goals
Gianfranco Zigoni
5 goals
Erminio Favalli
4 goals
Giancarlo Bercellino
Luis del Sol
Gianfranco Leoncini
Sandro Salvadore
3 goals
Chinesinho
2 goals
Adolfo Gori
Gino Stacchini
1 goal
Ernesto Càstano
References
l'Unità, 1966 and 1967.
La Stampa, 1966 and 1967.
External links
http://www.calcio.com/tutte_le_partite/ita-serie-a-1966-1967/
See also
Juventus F.C.
Juventus F.C. seasons
Italian football championship-winning seasons
Saint Trillo is the patron saint and founder of the churches at Llandrillo, Denbighshire and Llandrillo yn Rhos, Rhos-on-Sea in Conwy County Borough, Wales.
According to Enwogion Cymru, Trillo was a saint who lived in the early part of the sixth century. He was one of the sons of Ithel Hael.
Trillo was nobly born in Brittany and went to Wales as a disciple and student of Saint Cadfan, who later admitted Trillo to the religious life. Trillo became an Abbot and church-founder, noted for his holiness. His church at Llandrillo contains representations in stained glass of some of the stories of Trillo's life. The glass was commissioned in the 1920s in memory of a former parish priest.
Tram no 7 on the Great Orme Tramway is named St Trillo in honour of the saint.
References
Companions of Cadfan
6th-century Christian saints
The duodenal switch (DS) procedure, gastric reduction duodenal switch (GRDS), is a weight loss surgery procedure that is composed of a restrictive and a malabsorptive aspect.
The restrictive portion of the surgery involves removing approximately 70% of the stomach (along the greater curvature) and most of the duodenum.
The malabsorptive portion of the surgery reroutes a lengthy portion of the small intestine, creating two separate pathways and one common channel. The shorter of the two pathways, the digestive loop, takes food from the stomach to the common channel. The much longer pathway, the biliopancreatic loop, carries bile from the liver to the common channel.
The common channel is the portion of small intestine, usually 75-150 centimeters long, in which the contents of the digestive path mix with the bile from the biliopancreatic loop before emptying into the large intestine. The objective of this arrangement is to reduce the amount of time the body has to capture calories from food in the small intestine and to selectively limit the absorption of fat. As a result, following surgery, these patients absorb only approximately 20% of the fat they consume.
Comparison to other surgeries
Advantages
The primary advantage of duodenal switch (DS) surgery is that its combination of moderate intake restriction with substantial calorie malabsorption results in a higher percentage of excess weight loss versus a purely restrictive gastric bypass for all individuals In a Systemic Meta Analysis of the weight loss surgical procedures Buckwald et al.
Type 2 diabetics have had a 98% "cure" (i.e. became euglycemic) almost immediately following surgery which is due to the metabolic effect from the intestine switch. The results are so favorable that some surgeons in Europe are performing the "switch" or intestinal surgery on non-obese patients for the benefits of curing the diabetes. Novel operations are geared toward the treatment of diabetes and not necessarily to induce weight loss. Among the most prominent of these operations are the duodenal-jejunal bypass and ileal transposition where duodenal switch is a part of the operation.
The following observations were reported on the resolution of obesity related comorbidities following the duodenal switch: type 2 diabetes 99%, hyperlipidemia 99%, sleep apnea 92%, and hypertension 83%.
Because the pyloric valve between the stomach and small intestine is preserved, people who have undergone the DS do not experience the dumping syndrome common with people who've undergone the Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery (RNY). Much of the production of the hunger hormone, ghrelin, is removed with the greater curvature of the stomach.
The summarized data can be found on a poster: comparative poster
Diet following the DS is more normal and better tolerated than with other surgeries.
The malabsorptive component of the DS is fully reversible as no small intestine is actually removed, only re-routed.
Disadvantages
The malabsorptive element of the DS requires that those who undergo the procedure take vitamin and mineral supplements above and beyond that of the normal population, as do patients having the RNY surgery. Commonly prescribed supplements include a daily multivitamin, calcium citrate, and the fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E and K.
Because gallstones are a common complication of rapid weight loss following any type of weight loss surgery, some surgeons may remove the gall bladder as a preventative measure during the DS or the RNY. Others prefer to prescribe medication to reduce the risk of post-operative gallstones.
Like RNY patients, DS patients require lifelong and extensive blood tests to check for deficiencies in life critical vitamins and minerals. Without proper follow-up tests and lifetime supplementation RNY and DS patients can become ill. This follow-up care is non-optional and must continue for as long as the patient lives.
DS patients also have a higher occurrence of smelly flatus and diarrhea, although both can usually be mitigated through diet, including avoiding simple carbohydrates.
The restrictive portion of the DS is not reversible, since part of the stomach is removed. However, the stomach in all DS patients does expand over time, and while it will never reach the same size as the natural stomach in most patients, some stretching does occur.
Risks
All surgical procedures involve a degree of risk however this must be balanced against the significant risks associated with severe obesity.
Some of the surgical risks or complications for this procedure are: perforation involving small bowel, duodenum, or stomach causing a leak, infection, abscess, deep vein thrombosis (blood clot), and pulmonary emboli (blood clot traveling to the lungs).
Longer term risks include the possibility of vitamin and mineral deficiency, hernia and bowel obstruction. There is little information as to the longer-term risks (greater than 15 years), as this procedure was very rarely performed prior to the year 2000.
The traditional biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch (BPD-DS) led to persistent malnutrition in a subset of patients. However, the loop duodenal switch reduces this risk because it bypasses a smaller portion of the small intestine, but there is no long term information for the loop duodenal switch to fully and accurately compare. Malnutrition is an uncommon and preventable risk after duodenal switch.
Qualifications
The National Institutes of Health state that for patients who meet the following guidelines, weight loss surgery may be an appropriate measure for permanent weight loss:
BMI of 40 or over
BMI of 35 or over with obesity-related illnesses such as:
Diabetes mellitus type 2
Coronary heart disease
Sleep apnea
Osteoarthritis
GERD
An understanding of the operation and lifestyle changes necessary following the surgery.
Costs
Compared with the other three generally accepted bariatric surgery procedures (gastric bypass, gastric banding and gastric sleeve), duodenal switch surgery is the most expensive procedure to perform due to its more complicated nature and longer operating times. Because it is more complicated and is performed less often than the other common procedures (lower demand), it is also performed by a relatively small percentage of surgeons which further drives up the price due to lack of competition.
Patients without insurance (also called "self-pay" patients by most bariatric practices) can expect to pay an average of about $27,000 in the United States, although this varies widely across states and clinics. For example, surgical practices in the least expensive state (New Jersey) average about $24,000 while practices in the most expensive state (Nebraska) charge about $32,500.
This surgery is also performed by some surgeons in Mexico at a much lower cost than in the United States.
See also
SADI-S surgery
SIPS surgery
References
External links
Duodenal Switch vs Normal Anatomy comparison tool
Bariatrics
Digestive system surgery
sv:Sleeve gastrectomy
Grdovići may refer to:
Grdovići (Bar Municipality), Montenegro
Grdovići (Arilje), Serbia
Carl Friedrich Wilhelm "Fried" Geuter (born 27 June 1892 in Darmstadt, Germany, and died on 14 February 1960 in Ravenswood, United Kingdom), was a pioneer of anthroposophical Special Needs education, the co-founder of Sunfield Children's Home and teacher at the Ravenswood Village Settlement near Crowthorne in Berkshire.
Biography
Fried Geuter was born to a Johann Peter Wilhelm Geuter and Bertha Victoria Ollendorff, a Frankfurt merchant family with international connections that acquainted him with England and its culture from an early age. Beyond this, nothing is known of his childhood and youth until he began studying for a career in commerce, but was at once called up for military service in World War I. Although in his youth – after he had allegedly caused a friend to lose an eye through playing around with a gun – he had sworn never to carry one again, he knew he had to do military service. In 1918 he met and married Maria Fuchs, an Austrian nursing sister based at the garrison in Meschede where he was stationed. The couple later had a son and two daughters.
It was in that same year that he met Herbert Hahn, also in Meschede where Hahn was engaged as translator in the garrison and had a small group that would gather to read fundamental works of Rudolf Steiner in his army hut. They got into a conversation on Christmas Eve that lasted all night – one so lively that Hahn reports that they went to the early morning service refreshed, though the candles had burnt down long before. It appears that conversations like this were part of Fried's make-up, as if he were possessed by the "Genius of Conversation".
Together the friends of Hahn's circle began also to study the texts on Social threefolding that were being sent out from Stuttgart, hearing names like Emil Molt, Professor Wilhelm von Blume or Carl Unger for the first time. Immediately after the war, Herbert Hahn and Fried Geuter began to take on work in Stuttgart for the movement and soon afterwards Fried was engaged for the business venture "Kommenden Tag".
In 1920 he toured from one city to the other in Germany, organising lecture tours for Walter Johannes Stein and Herbert Hahn when, after a short but severe illness he suddenly came to the realisation that he wanted to become an educator for Special Needs. The decision changed the course of his further life, he moved to the Sonnenhof in Arlesheim, Switzerland and worked under the guidance of Ita Wegman, who inspired him with her insights into the needs and methods adopted in caring and educating children with mental handicap. He worked there until 1929 when, encouraged by Ita Wegman, he moved to England to help establish the Special Needs work there.
He had got to know England well as a child due to his family's business interests there and had complete mastery of the language. At first he worked at a children's home in Kent connected to the work of Ita Wegman. Then he was invited by Mrs Lloyd Wilson to lecture to her anthroposophical group in Selly Oak, Birmingham. After the lecture he met her son, Michael Wilson, at the time a successful musician and conductor. The two had a conversation that led to Michael Wilson stating his wish to join him in his work.
Sunfield Children's Homes
As Fried became increasingly disillusioned with the way things were done at the home in Kent, he and Michael Wilson decided to leave and founded Sunfield Children's Home in the village of Clent. From the start, he engaged all co-workers in a communal study of Rudolf Steiner's Philosophy of Freedom. This common struggle with the basics of human knowledge and culture gave depth and character to the whole venture and Sunfield became a centre for anthroposophical youth work in England with an enormous variety of cultural events and warm mood amongst the members of the community.
Ravenswood
In 1951 he left his wife and Sunfield homes, married for the second time to Isabel Newitt and lived for some time in Switzerland, lecturing. Then, in 1953 he was requested to run an anthroposophically-oriented home for Special Needs children of orthodox Jewish parentage in Ravenswood by Crowthorne. He agreed on the condition that the co-workers of the institution would be permitted to run their lives in its daily and annual rhythms in the manner that corresponded to the basic requirements of the anthroposophical curative movement. On the other hand, the ritual habits and practices of the Jewish children should in no way be affected. The attitude and manner in which Fried Geuter was able to place this work in a broad cultural context received wide acclaim from official circles for the anthroposophical Special Needs work.
On 14 February 1960 Fried Geuter died of heart failure at Ravenswood.
"He had the strong conviction that if one simply permitted one's heart to look and listen to everything that the events of daily life wish to tell us, it becomes unnecessary to worry about the future, because the ways and means will always be found to master the tasks."
References
German educational theorists
Anthroposophists
1894 births
1960 deaths
German emigrants to the United Kingdom
Heads of schools in England
Luis María Linde de Castro (born May 15, 1945 in Madrid) is a Spanish economist and civil servant who has served as governor of the Spanish Central Bank from 2012 until 2018.
Early life and education
Linde graduated with a degree in economic sciences from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid with top marks.
Career
Linde was the trade attaché at the Spanish embassy in the Soviet Union and worked for the Ministry of Economy. In 1983 he was appointed to the Banco de España. Between 2005 and 2008 he was executive for Spain in the Inter-American Development Bank.
On May 25, 2012 Linde succeeded Vicente Salas as a member of the governing council of the Banco de España. A few days later Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez resigned as chairman of the bank and Linde was appointed. Another candidate for the post, who was favoured by the European Central Bank (ECB) and financial markets, was José Manuel González Paramo, a former member of the Executive Board of the ECB. Under the bank's statutes Linde will have to retire in three years when he turns 70, and will not therefore be able to complete a six-year term.
Under Linde, who was named only two days before Spain requested a European bailout, the central bank came under fire for its handling of the banking crisis and maintained a neutral stance on economic policy.
Other activities
International organizations
International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ex-Officio Alternate Member of the Board of Governors (2012-2018)
Non-profit organizations
Fundación pro Real Academia Española, Chairman
Official Credit Institute (ICO), Member of the Board of Directors
Princess of Asturias Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees
Corporate boards
Compañía Española de Crédito a la Exportación (CESCE), Adviser to the Board of Directors (2009-2011)
References
Spanish economists
Governors of the Bank of Spain
1945 births
Living people
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Muhammad Abdul Razzaq (born 1921) is a Pakistani field hockey player. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1921 births
Possibly living people
Field hockey players at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Pakistani male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Pakistan
Field hockey players from Faisalabad
Lepidorhombus is a genus of turbots native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Lepidorhombus boscii (A. Risso, 1810) (Four-spot megrim)
Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis (Walbaum, 1792) (Megrim)
References
Scophthalmidae
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Marine fish genera
Dutch Pakistanis formed a population of 27,261 individuals (persons born in Pakistan or with at least one parent born there) according to the latest official statistics published by the Netherlands Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek on 1 January 2022. Though Pakistan's estimates in the Ibrahim is the best name="article"/>
Notable people
Imran Khan - singer and musician
Kamal Raja - singer and musician
F1rstman - rapper and beatboxer
Rahil Ahmed - cricketer
Mudassar Bukhari - cricketer
Mohammad Kashif - cricketer
Asim Khan - cricketer
Adeel Raja - cricketer
Madiea Ghafoor - athlete and Olympian
See also
Netherlands–Pakistan relations
Pakistani Americans
Pakistani Canadians
Pakistanis in Ireland
Pakistanis in the United Kingdom
Pakistanis in France
Pakistanis in Belgium
Pakistanis in Germany
Pakistanis in Switzerland
Pakistanis in Italy
Pakistanis in Denmark
Pakistanis in Norway
Pakistanis in Sweden
Pakistani Australians
Pakistani New Zealanders
References
Further reading
Muslim communities in Europe
Netherlands
George Marshall "Pup" Phillips (September 24, 1895May 1, 1953) was an American football player and coach.
Early years
George Marshall Phillips was born on September 24, 1895 in Carnesville, Georgia to George Sullivan Phillips and Elizabeth Witaker Hunsinger.
Georgia Tech
Phillips was a prominent center for John Heisman's Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia School of Technology. He was thrice selected All-Southern.
1916
He was a starter for the 1916 Georgia Tech team which, as one writer wrote, "seemed to personify Heisman." The season included the 222 to 0 rout of Cumberland. Phillips that year was the first Tech center elected All-Southern.
1917
He was a member of Tech's first national championship team in 1917 which outscored opponents 491 to 17. Phillips received the Hal Nowell trophy for the most efficient play during the season. He left to join the American effort in the First World War as a marine just a week after celebrating the national championship.
1919
Phillips played again in 1919, when he was captain. Dick Jemison selected Phillips first-team All-American.
Coaching career
Phillips coached the University School for Boys (Stone Mountain). His quarterback was Johnny Broadnax.
References
External links
1895 births
1953 deaths
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
American football centers
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
High school football coaches in Georgia (U.S. state)
All-American college football players
All-Southern college football players
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War I
People from Carnesville, Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
James C. Kennedy (April 1862 – April 20, 1904) was a 19th-century manager in professional baseball. He managed the Brooklyn Gladiators of the American Association, considered a major league, during the season.
Biography
Kennedy was born in New York City in April 1862; as a young man he worked for The New York Times, becoming a baseball reporter; by 1884, he was also an official scorer. He served as the secretary of the Central League, a minor league that only played one season, . Outside of baseball, Kennedy helped organize some racewalking events.
One effect of the formation of the short-lived Players' League in was that the American Association needed an eighth team—Kennedy was able to secure a franchise, for which he served as the team's manager. The Brooklyn Gladiators, despite the name, actually played home games at ballparks in Queens and northern Manhattan. The team, using mainly older players or players released from other teams, had a record of 26–73, a .263 winning percentage. The Gladiators did not finish the season, as they disbanded in late August and were replaced by the Baltimore Orioles.
After his brief time with the Gladiators, Kennedy became involved in staging bicycle races and boxing matches. He died in April 1904 from a heart attack, likely related to his obesity, while en route from his home in Brooklyn to Manhattan via train.
Notes
References
External links
1862 births
1904 deaths
Major League Baseball managers
Sportspeople from New York City
The New York Times sportswriters
Burials at Calvary Cemetery (Queens)
William Francis Magie (1858–1943) was an American physicist, a founder of the American Physical Society (president from 1910–12) and the first professor of physics at Princeton University, where he had graduated (class valedictorian, 1879) and where he served for two decades as dean of the faculty. His papers on the contact angle of liquids and solids and on the specific heat of solutions were notable, as was his text Principles of Physics.
Personal views
Magie served as the president of the Men's Anti-Suffrage League of New Jersey. In this capacity, he argued that women's suffrage would ruin the family structure, destroy gender roles, and "undermine civilization."
Selected works
Magie, William Francis, editor, translator. (1899). : Memoirs by Carnot, Clausius and Thomson.
Magie, William Francis. (1911). Principles of physics, designed for use as a textbook of general physics. New York: Century.
Magie, William Francis. (1935). A Source Book in Physics. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. Includes selections and translations of classic works in physics.
Notes
External links
Finding aid for William Francis Magie papers at Princeton
American physicists
1858 births
1943 deaths
Princeton University alumni
Princeton University faculty
Anti-suffragists
Rebecca J. Nelson, (born 1961) is an American biologist and a professor at Cornell University and a MacArthur Foundation Fellow.
Her work focuses on natural genetic diversity for disease resistance in maize.
Biography
Nelson's parents were researchers at the National Institutes of Health. Rebecca holds a BA degree from Swarthmore College, 1982 and a Ph.D. in Zoology from the University of Washington, 1988. She is married to public radio journalist Jonathan Miller and has two children, William and Benjamin.
Nelson began her career at the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines between 1988 and 1996. From 1996 to 2001, Nelson led the late blight program at the International Potato Center in Lima, Peru starting in 1996. In 1998, Rebecca was named a MacArthur Foundation Fellow for her work in combating rice diseases and potato blight.
In 2001, Nelson became Professor of Plant Pathology & Plant-Microbe-Biology, Plant Breeding & Genetics and International Agriculture & Rural Development at Cornell University. Rebecca teaches an undergraduate course on "Perspectives in International Agriculture and Rural Development" and contributes to other courses in international agriculture and plant pathology. Her research laboratory, based at Cornell University, collaborates with maize geneticists and breeders at Cornell, in Kenya and elsewhere. Ongoing research includes analyzing the genetic architecture of quantitative disease resistance and dissecting quantitative trait loci to identify mechanisms and genes that impair pathogen development, with a particular interest in multiple disease resistance and mycotoxin resistance.
Selected publications
"Relationship between Phylogeny and Pathotype for the Bacterial Blight Pathogen of Rice," Nelson, Rebecca J. ; Baraoidan, Marietta R. ; Cruz, Casiana M. Vera ; Yap, Immanuel V. ; Leach, Jan E. Applied and Environmental Microbiology. 60, no. 9, (September 1994): 3275-3283.
"The Role of Genomics Research in Improvement of 'Orphan' Crops," by Rebecca J. Nelson, Rosamond L. Naylor, and Molly M. Jahn. Crop Science, Vol. 44, November - December 2004: 1901-1904.
Wisser, R.J., Balint-Kurti, P.J., and R.J. Nelson. 2005. The genetic architecture of disease resistance in maize: a synthesis of published studies. Phytopathology 96(2): 120-129.
Wisser, R.J., Qi, S., Kresovich, S., and R.J. Nelson. 2005. Identification and characterization of regions of the rice genome associated with broad-spectrum, quantitative disease resistance. Genetics 169: 2277-2293.
Andrade-Piedra, J., R. Hijmans, G. Forbes, W.E. Fry and R.J. Nelson. 2005. Simulation of potato late blight in the Andes. 1: Modification and parameterization of the LATEBLIGHT model. Phytopathology 95 (10): 1191-1199.
Garry, G., A. Salas, G. Forbes, W. Perez, M. Santa Cruz, and R.J. Nelson. 2005. Host specialization not detected in isolates of Phytophthora infestans attacking wild and cultivated potatoes in Peru. European J. Plant Pathology 54: 740-748.
Ortiz, O., Garrett, K. A., Heath, J. J., Orrego, R., and Nelson, R. J. 2004. Management of potato late blight in the Peruvian highlands: Evaluating the benefits of Farmer Field Schools and Farmer Participatory Research. Plant Disease 88: 15-44.
Naylor, R.L., W. P. Falcon, R.M. Goodman, M.M. Jahn, T. Sengooba, H. Tefera, and R.J. Nelson. 2004. Biotechnology in the Developing World: A Case for Increased Investments in Orphan Crops. Food Policy 29(1): 15-44.
R.J. Nelson, R.L. Naylor, M.M. Jahn. 2004. The role of genomics research in improvement of "orphan" crops. Crop Science 44: 1901-1904.
Trognitz, F.C., P.M. Manosalva, D.O. Niño-Liu, Ma. del R. Herrera, M. Ghislain, B.R. Trognitz and R.J. Nelson. 2002. Plant defense genes associated with quantitative resistance to potato late blight in Solanum phureja x S. tuberosum hybrids. Mol. Plant-Microbe Interactions 15 (6): 587-597.
Thiele, G., R. Nelson, O. Ortiz, and S. Sherwood. 2001. Participatory research and training: ten lesson from the Farmer Field Schools (FFS) in the Andes. Currents 27: 4-11.
Nelson, R.J., Orrego, R., Ortiz, O., Mundt, M., Fredrix, M. and Vien, N.V. 2001. Working with resource-poor farmers to manage plant diseases. Plant Disease 85: 684-695.
Perez, W.G., J.S. Gamboa, Y.V. Falcon, M. Coca, R.M. Raymundo and R.J. Nelson. 2001. Genetic structure of Peruvian populations of Phytophthora infestans. Phytopathology 91: 956-965.
Garrett, K.A., R.J. Nelson, C.C. Mundt, G. Chacon, R.E. Jaramillo, and G.A. Forbes. 2001. The effects of host diversity and other management components on epidemics of late blight in the humid highland tropics. Phytopathology 91: 993-1000.
Shanti, M.L., M.L.C. George, C.M. Vera Cruz, M.A. Bernardo, R.J. Nelson, H. Leung, J.N. Reddy and R. Sridhar. 2001. Identification of resistance genes effective against rice bacterial blight pathogen in Eastern India. Plant Disease 85: 506-512.
Vera Cruz, C.M., J. Bai, I. Ona, H. Leung, R.J. Nelson, T.W. Mew and J.E. Leach. 2000. Predicting durability of a disease resistance gene based on an assessment of the fitness loss and epidemiological consequences of an avirulence gene mutation. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA. 97(25): 13500-13505.
Kumar, J., R.J. Nelson, and R. S. Zeigler. 1999. Population structure and dynamics of Magnaporthe grisea in the India Himalayas. Genetics 152: 971-984.
Finckh, M. and R.J. Nelson. 1999. Phylogenetic and pathotypic analysis of bacterial blight race 3. European Journal of Plant Pathology 105 (8): 743-751.
Chen, D., M. dela Vina, T. Inukai, D.J. Mackill, P.C. Ronald and R.J. Nelson. 1999. Molecular mapping of the blast resistance genes, Pi44(t), derived from a durably resistant rice cultivar. Theoretical and Applied Genetics 98: 1046-1053.
"Cash From Chicago Aids Fight for Spuds," by Laurie Goering. Chicago Tribune, June 17, 1998, page 4.
"Building a Better Potato: American Scientist Rebecca Nelson Has Been Leading the Charge to Use Genetically modified crops to Fight Famine in Peru. But Not Everyone Thinks It's God's Work," by Jonathan Kandell. Los Angeles Times Magazine, August 11, 2002, section I.18.
"Potato Warrior: Molecular biologist Rebecca Nelson '82 is trying to defeat 'the worst crop disease in the world.'"
Sources
Swarthmore College Bulletin September 1998.
Cornell University staff page.
References
21st-century American botanists
Cornell University faculty
Living people
MacArthur Fellows
American women botanists
Swarthmore College alumni
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
1961 births
American women academics
21st-century American women
Sailing was added to the 2000 Sydney Games.
Daniel Fitzgibbon and Graeme Martin have won two medals at two Games.
Medalists
Summer Paralympic Games
2000
2004
No medals.
2008
2012
See also
Australian Paralympic Sailing Team
References
Paralympic sailors of Australia
Sailing
The 1927 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1927 college football season. The Vandals were led by second-year head coach Charles F. Erb and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference. Home games were played on campus in Moscow
Idaho compiled a 4–1–3 overall record and went undefeated in their four conference games They did not play the three California schools (Stanford, California, and USC) or Washington. (UCLA joined the conference the following year.)
In the Battle of the Palouse with neighbor Washington State, the Vandals tied 7–7 at Rogers Field in Pullman on Friday, The Cougars broke the Vandals' three-game winning streak in the rivalry game the previous year.
The only loss was to Gonzaga in the finale; the Bulldogs won 13–0 at Gonzaga Stadium in Spokane on
Conference co-champions
This season is claimed by Idaho as a co-championship with Stanford and was supported at the time by the Pacific Coast Conference following its December 1927 meetings Stanford gained the Rose Bowl berth and defeated Pittsburgh on Monday, The three co-champions were granted possession of the Schwabacher Trophy for four
Schedule
The Little Brown Stein trophy for the Montana game debuted eleven years later in 1938
The Battle of the Palouse at Washington State was played on Friday (Armistice Day holiday)
References
External links
Gem of the Mountains: 1928 University of Idaho yearbook – 1927 football season
Go Mighty Vandals – 1927 football season
Scout.com: Idaho – Idaho vs. USC – The 1920s Series (Part III) and Part IV
Official game program: Idaho at Washington State – November 11, 1927
Idaho Argonaut – student newspaper – 1927 editions
Idaho
Idaho Vandals football seasons
Pac-12 Conference football champion seasons
Idaho Vandals football
Chancellor House or Chancellor's Residence or similar may refer to:
in Ireland
The Chancellor's House, medieval stone building in County Kerry
in South Africa
Chancellor House, a South African holding company managing investments for the African National Congress;
Chancellor House, a historic building in Johannesburg, South Africa
in the United States
Chancellor House (Harpersfield, Alabama), listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Chancellor's Residence (University of Pittsburgh)
The Millionaire's Wife is a 2016 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. It premiered on the network's Afternoon Prime line up from March 14, 2016 to June 24, 2016, replacing Destiny Rose.
Mega Manila ratings are provided by AGB Nielsen Philippines.
Series overview
Episodes
March 2016
April 2016
May 2016
June 2016
Episode notes
References
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
Kuei Pin Yeo is a classical pianist and educator from Indonesia. She earned Indonesia's first doctorate in music.
Early life
She was born in Jakarta, Indonesia and later earned a full scholarship to the Manhattan School of Music in New York City, where she received the Bachelor of Music (1976), Master of Music (1978), Master of music Education (1979) and Doctor of Musical Arts (1981) degrees. She became the first Indonesian to earn a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in piano. Yeo was a grantee of the John D. Rockefeller 3rd Fund/Asian Cultural Council and Helena Rubinstein Foundation for many years.
Accolades
The New York Times hailed her as "both polished technician and responsive musician" and praised her "elegantly detailed...immaculate, musically direct interpretation" following her Carnegie Hall debut. Other critics have called her as a "fantastic pianist!" because she 'handled the virtuoso complexity with a magnificent beauty and deep sensitivity'. The Jakarta Post said "To describe Kuei Pin Yeo's technique as amazing is putting it rather mildly".
Yeo's list of accomplishment includes winning the Harold Bauer Award, founding Jakarta Music School, Camerata di Musica Jakarta, serving as artistic and music director of ASEAN International Concerto Competition and performing at Jakarta International Summer Music Festival. She has been on most TV stations in Indonesia and Singapore and was interviewed and performed in WQXR, WNCN of New York City, and Voice of America in Washington DC. She is on the jury of many international competitions.
References
External links
Biography of Dr. Kuei Pin Yeo
Yayasan Musik Jakarta
Indonesian pianists
People from Jakarta
Indonesian people of Chinese descent
Living people
Asian Cultural Council grantees
21st-century pianists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women classical pianists
Back Again is an album released by American jazz trombonist Bob Brookmeyer featuring tracks recorded in 1978 and originally released on the Sonet label.
Reception
Scott Yanow of AllMusic states: "This session was valve trombonist Bob Brookmeyer's first jazz date in 13 years after a period writing for the studios and then away from music altogether. Brookmeyer, who is featured in a quintet with cornetist Thad Jones, pianist Jimmy Rowles, bassist George Mraz and drummer Mel Lewis, proves to still be in prime form playing in an unchanged style".
Track listing
All compositions by Bob Brookmeyer except where noted.
"Sweet and Lovely" (Gus Arnheim, Jules LeMare, Harry Tobias) - 8:30
"Carib" - 4:07
"Caravan" (Juan Tizol, Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) - 7:37
"You'd Be So Nice to Come Home To" (Cole Porter) - 6:49
"Willow Weep for Me" (Ann Ronell) - 3:45
"I Love You" (Porter) - 5:58
"In a Rotten Mood" - 5:55
Personnel
Bob Brookmeyer - valve trombone
Thad Jones - cornet, flugelhorn
Jimmy Rowles - piano
George Mraz - bass
Mel Lewis - drums
References
1978 albums
Bob Brookmeyer albums
Sonet Records albums
Albums produced by Samuel Charters
Liselotte Olsson (sometimes listed as Liselotte Ohlson, born May 29, 1968) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. She finished sixth in the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Sweden
Swedish female canoeists
The Spenser Mountains is a topographic landform in the northern South Island of New Zealand. Located at the southern end of the Nelson Lakes National Park and north of the Lewis Pass they form a natural border between the Canterbury and Tasman regions. Several peaks are named after characters in Edmund Spenser's allegorical poem, The Faerie Queene. Many of the early explorers were evidently literate men. For example, Frederick Weld (a surveyor) named Lake Tennyson; William Travers (a solicitor) named the Spensers and Faerie Queene; Julius Haast named Mt Una.
Within the range prominent peaks include Mount Una and Mount Humboldt. The Spenser Mountains are the northern limit of the glaciers within the Southern Alps.
Much of the forest cover is beech/podocarp with understory of a variety of ferns and shrubs; crown fern (Lomaria discolor) is one of the dominant understory ferns.
See also
Rimu
References
Thomas Adolphus Bowden and James Hector. 1869. Manual of New Zealand geography
C. Michael Hogan. 2009. Crown Fern: Blechnum discolor, Globaltwitcher.com, ed. N. Stromberg
Notes
Mountain ranges of Canterbury, New Zealand
Landforms of the Tasman District
Qaleh-ye Arjanavand (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Arjanāvand and Qal‘eh-ye Arjenāvand; also known as Ghal‘eh Arjanavand and Qal‘eh Arjawand) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 462, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The 2007 Trophée Éric Bompard was the fourth event of six in the 2007–08 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris on November 15–18. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2007–08 Grand Prix Final. The compulsory dance was the Austrian Waltz.
The competition was named after the Éric Bompard company, which became its chief sponsor in 2004.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Jessica Miller / Ian Moram and Tiffany Vise / Derek Trent were both credited with throw quadruple salchow jumps in the free skating. Vise / Trent's was ratified as the first quadruple salchow jump performed in international competition.
Ice dancing
References
External links
2007 Trophée Éric Bompard at ISU
Starting orders and Results
Trophée Éric Bompard, 2007
Internationaux de France
Figure
Figure skating in Paris
International figure skating competitions hosted by France
Root Inc. Founded in 2015 and based in Columbus, Ohio, Root Inc. (NASDAQ: ROOT) is the parent company of Root Insurance Company. Root is revolutionizing insurance through data science and technology to provide consumers a personalized, easy, and fair experience. The Root app has close to 11 million app downloads and has collected more than 18 billion miles of driving data to inform their insurance offerings. Root Insurance is the nation's first licensed insurance carrier powered entirely by mobile.
About
Root required drivers to download their mobile app, and perform test driving for a couple of weeks. If the driver passed the driving test, they are offered a premium based on the driving score calculated during the test drive which differentiates the company from traditional car insurance. Root advocates to drop the credit score when determining how much car insurers decide to charge a customer as a way to break barriers on racial and social inequality issues.
History
Root, Inc was founded in March 2015 by Alex Timm and Dan Manges. In 2021, Dan Manges co-founder retired from CTO and remained a consultant to the company in an advisory role through December 31, 2021.
In 2017, Root began offering a discount to Tesla owners who drive using Autosteer mode, making Root the first insurance company to adjust premiums based on the deciding fact of whether the vehicle being insured is operating under semi-autonomous vehicle conditions.
On August 11, 2021, Root announced a partnership deal with Carvana to develop personalized auto insurance programs for Carvana's online car-buying platform. The deal includes a $126 million investment from Carvana with a 5% stake in Root. The plan in the collaboration is to use both company's technology to develop an embedded experience for customers at the point of purchasing a car through Carvana.
On January 26, 2022, Root closed on a $300 million five-year term loan with BlackRock. The maturity of this term loan is January 27, 2027.
On September 29, 2022, the split-adjusted share price of Root stock had fallen to below 2% of its IPO.
Sponsorship
On December 14, 2020, 23XI Racing announced that Root will be one of the sponsors of the No. 23 Toyota Camry driven by Bubba Wallace in the NASCAR Cup Series in 2021. Root had collaborated with Wallace for an advertisement during the 2020 season that highlights his involvement in racial equality movements.
References
External links
Auto insurance in the United States
Insurance companies of the United States
Financial services companies established in 2015
2015 establishments in Ohio
Financial services companies of the United States
Companies based in the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area
American companies established in 2015
2020 initial public offerings
Kosnowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Fajsławice, north-west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Kosnowiec
Armand Robinson (born December 8, 1987) is a former American football wide receiver who played in the Arena Football League.
Biography
Robinson played college football for the Miami RedHawks. In four seasons (2007–2010), he appeared in 50 games while recording 210 receptions for 2550 yards and 15 touchdowns.
Robinson signed a free agent contract with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2011 as an undrafted rookie. In four preseason games, he had two receptions for 27 yards. He did not play in any regular season NFL games.
In 2012, Robinson played in the Arena Football League for the Kansas City Command. He recorded 47 receptions for 519 yards and nine touchdowns.
After his professional football career, Robinson went on to become a financial advisor.
References
1987 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Kansas City Command players
Miami RedHawks football players
People from Reynoldsburg, Ohio
Carmelina Sánchez-Cutillas i Martínez del Romero (Madrid, 23 June 1921 – Valencia, 22 February 2009) was a Spanish historian, novelist and poet in Catalan language. Winner of the first Competition of Valencian Poetry of the University of Kentucky, a selection of her poem book Un món rebel (A rebel world) was translated into English in 1969.
References
Writers from the Valencian Community
1921 births
2009 deaths
Writers from Madrid
20th-century Spanish historians
Clearwater Lake is a reservoir on the Black River, from Piedmont, Missouri. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers uses Clearwater for flood control in the White and lower Mississippi River Basins.
Clearwater Lake was so named on account of its clear, spring-fed water. Construction began in 1940 but was halted temporarily at the advent of World War II. Clearwater Lake Dam opened in 1948 as an earthen and concrete dam, high. The lake has a surface area of about .
Though recreation was not part of the lake's initial mission, Clearwater now offers boating, swimming, and camping facilities.
See also
Arkansas Game and Fish Commission v. United States, 568 U.S. ___ (2012), a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States regarding whether the federal government could be liable for property damage caused by the release of flood waters from Clearwater Dam.
References
External links
Clearwater Lake Association
Reservoirs in Missouri
Protected areas of Reynolds County, Missouri
Protected areas of Wayne County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Reynolds County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Wayne County, Missouri
Dams in Missouri
United States Army Corps of Engineers dams
Bodies of water of Reynolds County, Missouri
Bodies of water of Wayne County, Missouri
Black River (Arkansas–Missouri)
"The Story of O.J." is a song by American rapper Jay-Z from his thirteenth studio album 4:44. It was produced by Jay-Z and No I.D. Following the release of the album, the song charted in a couple of regions, entering and peaking at number 23 on the US Billboard Hot 100, as well as charting at number 88 on the UK Singles Chart. It received three nominations at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards: Record of the Year, Best Rap Song, and Best Music Video. The song features samples from Nina Simone's song "Four Women". The song's instrumental was used by American rapper Pusha T in his 2018 diss track against Canadian rapper and singer Drake. American rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again also remixed the song in 2020.
Music video
The music video for "The Story of O.J." premiered on July 5, 2017 on Jay-Z's Vevo account on YouTube. It was directed by Jay-Z and Mark Romanek.
The video uses a style similar to the Censored Eleven cartoons, depicting several well-known stereotypes associated with African Americans. Among other things, the video touches on African American culture, various roles within the black community, and how the black community is affected by money. O. J. Simpson (the song's namesake) is featured saying the rumored line, "I'm not black, I'm O.J.," a reference to the idea that wealth, notoriety, and fame can transcend race. The video was ranked the best music video of 2017 by Rolling Stone.
Controversy on Jewish people lyric
One of the song's lyrics "You wanna know what's more important than throwin' away money at a strip club? Credit. You ever wonder why Jewish people own all the property in America? This how they did it" caused backlash as many have called it antisemitic to suggest Jews own all the property in America and they did it by "credit." Hadley Freeman penned an article in the Guardian stating that the song "repeats a racist trope about Jewish people" and that "it can't just be laughed off as a compliment."
Guy Oseary, an Israeli-American talent manager and producer Russell Simmons defended Jay-Z, with Oseary argued the lyric was a "way to showcase a community of people that are thought to have made wise business decisions." An Anti-Defamation League representative told Rolling Stone that they do not believe Jay-Z's intent was to promote antisemitism but that they were "concerned that this lyric could feed into preconceived notions about Jews and alleged Jewish ‘control' of the banks and finance.” Jay-Z said on the Rap Radar podcast referring to the imagery in the video in relation to the controversial lyric "It's hard for me to take that serious, because I exaggerated every black image in the world.”... “Of course I know Jewish people don't own all the property in the world. I mean, I own things! It was an exaggeration"...“In the context of the song, I'm trying to say, you guys did it right!”
Awards
Personnel
Steve Wyreman – guitar, bass, celeste, CS-80, electric piano
Gimel "Young Guru" Keaton – recording
Jimmy Douglass – mixing
Dave Kutch – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Certifications
References
2017 songs
Cultural depictions of O. J. Simpson
Jay-Z songs
Songs written by Jay-Z
Songs written by No I.D.
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
Songs written by Nina Simone
Songs against racism and xenophobia
Music videos directed by Mark Romanek
Animated music videos
Francisco Arízaga Luque (February 6, 1900 – October 22, 1964) was an Ecuadorian poet, writer and politician. He was President of Ecuador from July 14, 1925 to January 10, 1926 as part of the First Provisional Government.
Early life
Francisco Arízaga Luque was born in Lima, Peru on February 6, 1900, while his father was exiled by the liberal regime of Eloy Alfaro. He was the son of Emilia Luque Márquez of Guayaquil, Ecuador and Dr. Manuel Nicholas Arízaga Machuca a lawyer, journalist, and progressive poet.
College years
In 1918 he matriculated to the University of Guayaquil to follow his father's footsteps to become a lawyer. Later that same year Arízaga was elected president of "la Asociación Escuela de Derecho" and through this position he was able to attend the Third International Congress of the Students.
Arízaga the poet
"In these years his personality was celebrated in the literary circles of the city and the country. His essay "Nocturno Trágico Sentimental" won first prize in the Juegos Florales Universitarios in 1919. It was a sonnet with a modernist slant. The poem, written to frighten the bourgeois, was modeled after the custom of the period. Francisco's articles were bold and deep, they showed an uncompromising character that refused to defect from morality. He was fluent in French and English. He translated Walt Whitman, was an excellent sportsman, and enjoyed playing soccer.
In 1919 he began to write in El Guante (The Glove) and in "El Universal" in 1922 under the pseudonym Max Smeir.In 1919 he met a young María Lola Murillo Arzube and on August 22, 1922 they were married. Soon after Francisco began to work as the understudy of the prominent political scientist Dr. Rómulo Arzube (Febres) Cordero, María's uncle. Dr. Arzube gained the title Solicitor of Successions of the Guayas, from his doctoral thesis, entitled: "Succession because of the death of Ecuadorian civil rights" and "For the slaughter of workers of the 15th of November, the thirst for justice, these are the first men dreaming of a new Ecuador."
Provisional Junta Government
In 1924 he graduated as lawyer specializing in successions. Then on July 9, 1925 a military revolution exploded. President Gonzalo Córdova was deposed by 50 soldiers under the command of General Francisco Gomez de la Torre. Arízaga followed the news closely and fully supported his friends, the young officials of the Marañón Battalion. They assumed power and created in Quito a "plural Government" that would rise "against the authoritarian pretensions of individual control."
External links
Official Website about President's History of the Ecuadorian Government
1900 births
1964 deaths
People from Lima
Presidents of Ecuador
20th-century Ecuadorian poets
Ecuadorian translators
20th-century translators
Ecuadorian male poets
20th-century male writers
Ecuadorian expatriates in Peru
Rodels (Romansh: Roten) is a former municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the district of Hinterrhein. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged to form the new municipality of Domleschg.
History
Rodels is first mentioned in the mid-12th Century as ad Rautine.
Geography
Before the merger, Rodels had a total area of . Of this area, 52.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while 31.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 11.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (4.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It consists of a linear village and a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) as well as the hamlet of Nueins. The municipality is located on a low terrace on the right side of the Hinterrhein.
Demographics
Rodels had a population (as of 2013) of 267. , 7.9% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Between 2000 and 2010, the population number was stable. Between 2010 and 2013, the population has declined by 5%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.8% male and 49.2% female. The age distribution, , in Rodels is; 35 people or 12.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 27 people or 9.6% are 10 to 14, and 17 people or 6.0% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 34 people or 12.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 52 people or 18.5% are 30 to 39, 46 people or 16.4% are 40 to 49, and 28 people or 10.0% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 18 people or 6.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 16 people or 5.7% are 70 to 79, there are 7 people or 2.5% who are 80 to 89, and there are 1 people or 0.4% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 23.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the BDP (22.1%), SPS (17.8%) and the CVP (15.5%).
In Rodels 80% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
As of 2011, Rodels had an unemployment rate of 1.05%. , there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 6 people are employed in the secondary sector. 23 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 15 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (90.7%), with Romansh being second most common (3.9%) and Italian being third (1.8%).
Transportation
Rhaetian Railway operate services to Rodels-Realta (Rhaetian Railway station) nearby.
References
External links
Official Web site
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in Switzerland
Domleschg
The Blacky pictures test was a projective test, employing a series of twelve picture cards, used by psychoanalysts in mid-20th century America and elsewhere, to investigate the extent to which children's personalities were shaped by Freudian psychosexual development.
The test was created by Gerald S. Blum in 1947, who was later Professor of Psychology at the University of Michigan. The drawings depicted a family of cartoon dogs in normal situations which could be related to psychoanalytic theory. The main character, 'Blacky', was accompanied by a sibling Tippy, and by a mother and father. Blacky's gender was determined by the gender of the test subject.
Children were asked to make up a story, based in the drawings in the pictures, and the content of their responses, when analysed, was thought to indicate the extent of Freudian personality traits, such as an anal personality, castration anxiety or penis envy.
The Blacky Pictures Test's worth, as a source of useful data was questioned by psychologists, among them Hans Eysenck, and they since have fallen out of use.
Background
Sigmund Freud (1856– 1939), the "father of psychoanalysis", is well known for his theory of psychosexual development, which has had a lasting effect on the field. He became interested in the psychosexual development of children and constructed five stages of development: oral, anal, phallic, latency, and genital. It is generally agreed that the interaction between nature and nurture affects how a child progresses through these stages which, in turn, reflects the outcome of individual personality characteristics.
In his early research, Freud approached the treatment of hysteria through a free association technique in which patients simply let their mind wander freely, reporting all thoughts, feelings or memories that came to mind. A self-analysis, following the death of his father, led Freud to develop a theory of childhood sexuality. Through his own free associations, he recovered a childhood dream in which he had wished for the death of his father and sexual desires for his mother. This led to his discovery of what he called the Oedipus complex, in which there exists a strong sexual desire for the opposite-sexed parent and major attitudes of rivalry for the same-sexed parent.
This phenomenon appears in both sexes during the phallic stage of development. As a boy's feelings for his mother intensifies, castration anxiety develops because he sees his father as a dominant figure and fears he will be castrated for his inappropriate desires for his mother. This phenomenon also occurs in girls, and is referred to by some as the Electra complex. The girl develops penis envy, realizing she does not have one and these feelings make her reject her mother and desire her father. All of these inappropriate feelings eventually lead to an inner conflict that is resolved only by identification with the same-sex parent. Freud's theory of psychosexual development eventually led to the invention of a theoretically-derived test.
Gerald Blum created the Blacky Pictures Test in 1947, when there were hopes of discovering deeper knowledge of changes in personality as psychosexual development advances. Each of the 12 cartoons used in the test illustrates either a different stage of psychosexual development or an object relationship using four main characters: Blacky, Mama, Papa and Tippy. Dogs were used in the cartoons, instead of humans, to avoid possible inhibition. Dogs have appeared as characters in Disney film productions and comic strips, and so child participants are able to identify with the characters enough to express their true feelings.
In a typical test session, the subject is asked to examine the picture and tell a story about it. The subject is then asked a series of short-answer and multiple-choice questions about his or her understanding of the cartoons. Finally, he or she is asked to rate their preference for the cartoons shown. Blacky represents the "son" to male subjects and the "daughter" to female subjects. An objective scoring system is then used to rate responses. Results are analyzed and interpreted to find that the subject has a "strong" personality type such as anal, oral or phallic, corresponding to one of the psychosexual development stages.
Uses, research and results
When the Blacky Pictures were first created in 1947, their main purpose was to help the analyst understand the changes in a child's personality as he or she progressed through the Freudian stages of psychosexual development. The Blacky Pictures were shown by a psychoanalyst to a patient and the subject's reactions were analyzed in relation to the Freudian personality traits. Subjects were rated on a variety of dimensions, including oral eroticism, oral sadism, castration anxiety, sibling rivalry, positive ego identification and narcissistic love object. Blacky Pictures have been used to diagnose various psychological or psychiatric problems in both children and adults.
In the years after they were first established, Blacky Pictures were investigated by various researchers such as Blum and Kaufman and Bernstein and Chase.
The results, however, from the various strands of research are ambiguous. For instance, Blum and Kaufman found a significant difference in oral eroticism between groups. When the study was replicated by Bernstein and Chase, however, no differences between the groups was found.
Validity and reliability
In 1950 several studies found results from the analysis of Blacky Pictures consistent with Freudian psychoanalytic theory, providing some support for the construct validity of the test. Experimental techniques found that Blacky Pictures were accurate in predicting behavior associated with the psychosexual personality types, in both individual and group settings.
Research by Blum and Kaufman, however, brought the validity of the test into question. Furthermore, a lack of differences between groups with different psychological problems was found, questioning the validity of the technique.
When Blacky Pictures first began to be used, the interpretations and conclusions made by examiners appeared to have been consistent across different scorers. Later work highlighted the subjectivity of test scoring. Each psychologist rates different traits with a quantity but this rating is dependent on individual interpretation. Exactly which responses are indicative of a "strong" score is not well-defined. Additionally, the test assumes that denial implies repression, which is hypothetical, rather than proven, theory.
Another challenge to validity is that responses and evaluations can have alternative explanations. For instance, differences in responses between subjects may be more consistent with an introverted or extraverted personality, rather than with an anal personality type.
Current use
After several years of limited use, Blacky Pictures began to be disregarded as a legitimate tool for analysis and eventually fell out of use altogether. They are now often regarded as inconclusive and unreliable.
See also
Holtzman Inkblot Test
Picture Arrangement Test
Rorschach test
Thematic Apperception Test
References
Freudian psychology
Projective tests
Lennert Van Eetvelt (born 17 July 2001) is a Belgian cyclist, who currently rides for . He will join UCI WorldTeam for the 2023 season.
Major results
2019
3rd Overall Aubel–Thimister–Stavelot
1st Mountains classification
5th Overall Tour du Pays de Vaud
8th Overall Course de la Paix Juniors
2021
National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Time trial
3rd Road race
UEC European Under-23 Road Championships
5th Road race
9th Time trial
5th Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
8th Overall Tour Alsace
2022
1st Overall Grand Prix Jeseníky
1st Stage 2
2nd Overall Giro Ciclistico d'Italia
1st Stage 6
2nd Overall Tour Alsace
2nd Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
2nd Flèche Ardennaise
3rd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
6th Overall Tour de Normandie
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
People from Tienen
"Say It Again" was the 's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, written by Paul Varney and performed by girl band Precious. It was produced by Cutfather & Joe and included on the band's self-titled debut album (2000).
At Eurovision
The song was performed 5th on the night of the contest, following 's Doris Dragović with "Marija Magdalena" and preceding 's Darja Švajger with "For a Thousand Years". The song received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 23, it was one of the four which were omitted from the Eurovision 1999 compilation album as permission to include it had not been obtained.
The song was succeeded as UK entry at the 2000 contest by Nicki French with "Don't Play That Song Again".
Charts
References
1999 songs
1999 debut singles
EMI Records singles
Eurovision songs of 1999
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Song recordings produced by Cutfather & Joe
The naval Battle of Cynossema (Ancient Greek: ) took place in 411 BC during the Second Peloponnesian War. In the battle, an Athenian fleet commanded by Thrasybulus and Thrasyllus, although initially thrown on the defensive by a numerically superior Spartan fleet, won a narrow victory. This victory had an impact out of proportion to its tactical significance, coming when Athens' traditional democratic government had been replaced by an oligarchy and an Athenian defeat could have ended the war. The newly confident Athenian fleet proceeded to win two more victories in the Hellespont in quick succession, the second being the dramatic rout at Cyzicus, which ended the immediate Spartan threat to Athens' Black Sea lifeline.
Prelude
In the wake of Athens' defeat in the Sicilian Expedition in 413, a small Spartan fleet commanded by Chalcideus, who was advised and assisted by Alcibiades, succeeded in bringing a number of critical Ionian cities into revolt from the Athenian Empire. After the revolt of the critical city of Miletus, the Persian satrap Tissaphernes concluded an alliance against Athens with Sparta. The Spartans remained unwilling to challenge the Athenians at sea, and an Athenian fleet succeeded in recapturing several cities and besieging Chios during the later months of 412 BC. In 411 BC, however, further rebellions at Rhodes and Euboea, and the capture of Abydos and Lampsacus on the Hellespont by a Peloponnesian army that had marched there overland, forced the Athenians to disperse their forces to meet these various threats. The Spartan fleet could now move freely in the Aegean, and took advantage of its newfound superiority by lifting the blockade of Chios and bottling up the Athenians' Aegean fleet at Samos.
By withdrawing their ships from the Hellespont to Samos, the Athenians were able to reestablish their naval superiority in the Aegean, but in doing so they opened the door for Sparta to shift the theater of war. Accordingly, in late July, the Spartan commander Clearchus made an attempt to slip 40 ships past the Athenian fleet to the Hellespont. These were turned back by a storm, but shortly afterwards 10 ships under the Megarian general Helixus reached the Hellespont, where they triggered revolts in Byzantium, Chalcedon and other important cities. Several months later, the new Spartan navarch Mindarus, deciding that the promises of support made by Pharnabazus, the Persian satrap of Hellespontine Phrygia, were more promising than those of Tissaphernes in Ionia, slipped his entire fleet past the Athenians. He joined up with the Peloponnesian ships already operating in the Hellespont and established his base at Abydos, forcing the small Athenian fleet at Sestos to flee, with losses, to Imbros and Lemnos.
Battle
With a substantial Peloponnesian fleet operating in the Hellespont, the crucial trade route through which Athens' grain supply passed, the Athenian fleet had little choice but to pursue Mindarus. Accordingly, Thrasybulus, assuming overall command, led the fleet to Elaeus on the tip of the Gallipoli peninsula, where the Athenians spent five days preparing to challenge the 86 Spartan ships at Abydos with their 76 ships. The Athenian fleet sailed in column into the Hellespont, following the northern shore, while the Spartans put out from Abydos on the southern shore. When the Athenian left had rounded the point of Cynossema, the Spartans attacked, planning to outflank the Athenian right and trap the fleet in the Hellespont while driving the center aground on Cynossema. The Athenian center was quickly driven aground, and the left under Thrasyllus, beset by Syracusan ships and unable to see the rest of the fleet around the sharp point, was unable to come to its aid. Thrasybulus on the right, meanwhile, was able to avoid encirclement by extending his line westward, but in doing so lost touch with the center. With the Athenians divided and a substantial portion of their fleet incapacitated, a Spartan victory seemed assured.
At this critical juncture, however, the Peloponnesian line began to fall into disorder as ships broke line to pursue individual Athenian vessels. Seeing this, Thrasybulus turned his ships abruptly and attacked the Spartan left. After routing these ships, the Athenian right bore down on the Peloponnesian center, and, catching them in a state of disorganization, quickly routed them as well. The Syracusans on the right, seeing the rest of their fleet in flight, abandoned their attack on the Athenian left and fled as well. The narrowness of the straits, which ensured that the Peloponnesians had only a short way to go to safety, limited the damage the Athenians could inflict, but by day's end they had captured 21 Spartan ships to the 15 of theirs that the Spartans had taken in the early fighting. The Athenians set up a trophy on Cynossema and put in at Sestos, while the Peloponnesians made their way back to Abydos.
Aftermath
In the days after the battle, the Athenians refitted their ships at Sestos and dispatched a small detachment to Cyzicus, recapturing that town and seizing 8 triremes encountered along the way. A trireme was dispatched to Athens, where the unexpected good news restored the people's confidence in the war effort. Historian Donald Kagan has emphasized the effect this victory had on the Athenians. Forced to fight on terms chosen by their enemies, at a time when the city lacked the resources to build another fleet, the Athenians could have lost the war on that day at Cynossema. Instead, they won a victory that allowed them to continue fighting, with victory still seeming possible.
References
Sources
Kagan, Donald. The Peloponnesian War (Penguin Books, 2003).
Cynossema
411 BC
410s BC conflicts
Ancient Greek Thrace
Cynossema
Cynossema
Love at First Stream is a romantic comedy film written by Cathy Garcia-Molina, Kookai Labayen, Ella A. Palileo, Isabella Policarpio and directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina. It stars Daniela Stranner, Kaori Oinuma, Jeremiah Lisbo and Anthony Jennings. The film is about the stories of a streamer, a student, a breadwinner, and a heartthrob as they explore love and friendships online to escape their realities offline. It is an official entry to the 47th Metro Manila Film Festival.
Cast
Daniela Stranner as Vilma "V" Ramirez
Kaori Oinuma as Megumi Sakai
Jeremiah Lisbo as Gino Bautista
Anthony Jennings as Christopher "Tupe" Rodriguez
Chico Alicaya as Yuan
Amanda Zamora as Missy
Agot Isidro as Rosario Ramirez
Igi Boy Flores as Gabby Ramirez
Pinky Amador as Lucy
RJ Ladesma as Prof. Gomez
Gail Banawis as Rica
Quincy Adrienne Villanueva as Issa
Ashley Polinar as one of the MisYu Top Gifter
Vien Alen King as Love Guro
Tonton Gutierrez as Dennis Ramirez
Hyubs Azarcon as Pip Rodriguez
Melissa Gibbs as Nora Rodriguez
Prince Morales as Bobot
Keagan De Jesus as Doods
Jessica Dungo as one of the Kumu Streamer
Liofer Pinatacan as one of the Zoom Classmates
Production
Love at First Stream was produced under the collaboration of Star Cinema and streaming platform Kumu with Cathy Garcia-Molina as its director. The film tackles the theme of the role of social media in establishing and maintaining relationships; both platonic and romantic. Kumu itself is featured in the film. The film stars Daniela Stranner and Anthony Jennings, and Kaori Oinuma and Jeremiah Lisbo who are promoted as belonging to love teams. The pairing of Chico Alicaya and Amanda Zamora are marketed as a "guest love team".
Principal photography for Love at First Stream which began no earlier than July 2021 was hampered by the COVID-19 pandemic. Filming was disrupted due to shifting local government pandemic-related protocols as well as false-positive COVID-19 cases among the production team. In October, rainy weather posed difficulty in capturing day scenes for the film.
Rhys Miguel was originally cast to portray Gino. He was replaced by Lisbo, after Miguel backed out due to personal reasons.
Release
The film was released on December 25, 2021 as an official entry to 47th Metro Manila Film Festival.
References
External links
Films set in the Philippines
Star Cinema films
2021 romantic comedy films
Films about social media
Shezhou or She Prefecture () was a zhou (prefecture) in imperial China centering on modern She is County, Anhui, China. It existed (intermittently) between 589 and 1121, the latter being the year the Song dynasty terminated the major rebellion led by Fang La in Shezhou.
References
Prefectures of the Sui dynasty
Prefectures of the Tang dynasty
Prefectures of Yang Wu
Prefectures of Southern Tang
Prefectures of the Song dynasty
Former prefectures in Anhui
Former prefectures in Jiangxi
Daniel Blumenthal may refer to:
Daniel Blumenthal (politician) (1860–1930), French politician
Daniel Blumenthal (pianist) (born 1952), German-American pianist and laureate of the 1983 Queen Elisabeth Music Competition
The 2013–14 Mestis season was the 14th season of the Mestis, the second level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league.
Regular season
Playoffs
SM-Liiga promotion
Vaasan Sport was promoted to SM-liiga at the end of the season.
Qualification
Due to Sport gaining a place in the Liiga there were no qualifications and the winner of Suomi-sarja was allowed to apply for a place in Mestis for the next season.
External links
Official website
References
Fin
2013–14 in Finnish ice hockey
Mestis seasons
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Iida was born in Tokyo on April 29, 1982. He joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos from youth team in 2001. On September 14, 2002, he debuted as offensive midfielder against Vegalta Sendai. However he could not play at all in the match in 2003 and retired end of 2003 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Tokyo
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Association football midfielders
Prince of Mexico may refer to:
1st Mexican Empire
Prince Imperial of Mexico, a title created after Mexico gained independence from the Spanish Empire as the official title of the heir apparent to the imperial throne of Mexico
Princess of Iturbide, a title created for the older sister of the 1st Emperor of Mexico.
Prince of the Union, a title created for the father of the 1st Emperor of Mexico. Don José Joaquín de Iturbide y Arreguí
Mexican Prince, the title created for the legitimate sons and daughters of Agustín de Iturbide, 1st Emperor of Mexico
2nd Mexican Empire
Princess of Iturbide, a title restored to designate to the daughter alive of Agustín de Iturbide
Prince of Iturbide, a title created to designate to the grandsons of the 1st Emperor of Mexico adopted by Maximilian of Mexico
Moti Lugasi (born April 18, 1992) is an Israeli taekwondo athlete. He won a bronze medal at the age of 18 in the 54 kg (fin) class at the 2010 European Taekwondo Championships.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Israeli male taekwondo practitioners
Israeli people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
European Taekwondo Championships medalists
The Barrett's Ferry Bridge, officially known as the Judith Stewart Dresser Bridge, is a fixed-span bridge which carries State Route 5 across the Chickahominy River between Charles City County and James City County in eastern Virginia. It connects popular tourism destinations of the James River Plantations with Colonial Williamsburg and Jamestown. The current bridge, which opened on January 24, 2009, replaced the deteriorating 70-year-old bridge.
1939 bridge
The original bridge, built in 1939 by Tidewater Construction, was a swing-span movable bridge. It was a two-lane facility with a history of opening-closing failures and expensive repairs, as well as height restrictions due to clearance being 13'11" tall. It functioned as a swing-span bridge, pivoting on its axis to allow boats to pass through an opening rather than lifting upward like a drawbridge. The bridge was 2,025 feet long and was 24 feet wide from curb to curb. It was built using timber pilings and had a concrete and steel driving deck. Among repair problems as the bridge aged was shifting of the timber pilings. The current bridge has a height restriction for boats of only 12 feet except when opened.
VDOT closed the bridge several times for limited periods in 2004 when the swing mechanism failed to completely close the bridge, said state officials. The closure inconvenienced residents who regularly used the bridge, forcing on them a 63-mile detour to cross the river. Some frustrated residents parked vehicles at each end of the disabled bridge and either walked or rode golf carts across it. That was when the state decided to replace the aging bridge, which was traveled by an estimated 3,500 vehicles per day, said VDOT Williamsburg Resident Administrator Todd Halacy.
Blasting as part of demolition of the old bridge occurred on March 7, 2009.
2009 bridge
The current bridge opened on January 24, 2009, about seven months ahead of schedule, according to the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT). Construction on the new span, estimated to cost $33.6 million, began in 2007. The new bridge crosses slightly west of the previous span. The fixed-span bridge rises 52 feet above the water and alleviates the necessity of stopping highway traffic to open the movable span on the former bridge, as well as being more convenient for the recreational boaters who can now pass freely upriver to a point near Walkers Dam.
The new bridge also has a much wider travel surface to accommodate bikers and pedestrians. According to VDOT, it features two 12-foot travel lanes, two 10-foot shoulders and a 10-foot shared-use path (separated from the main roadway by a divider) incorporated into the Virginia Capital Trail project.
The bridge is named for Judith Stewart Dresser, who died in 2003 at the age of 57. She lived on the river near the bridge and was a leader in the preservation of historic Route 5 and the establishment of a hospice house in Williamsburg.
References
Transportation in Charles City County, Virginia
Transportation in James City County, Virginia
Bridges completed in 1939
Bridges completed in 2009
Buildings and structures in Charles City County, Virginia
Buildings and structures in James City County, Virginia
Road bridges in Virginia
Filipe Jacinto Nyusi (; born 12 February 1959) is a Mozambican politician serving as the fourth President of Mozambique since 2015. He is the current leader of FRELIMO, the party that has governed Mozambique since its independence from Portugal in 1975. Additionally, he has served as the Chairman of the Southern African Development Community since August 2020.
During his time in office, President Nyusi has promoted peace and security, and signed multiple agreements with the main opposition parties, RENAMO, to bring a definitive and lasting peace to Mozambique.
Nyusi served as the Minister of Defense from 2008 to 2014 under Armando Guebuza. He won the 2014 and 2019 Mozambican presidential elections as the candidate of FRELIMO. Despite allegations of irregularities the President of the National Election Commission stated that "the elections were free, fair and transparent", with the Constitutional Count verifying the result on 23 December 2019. However, according to the European Union Election Observation Mission in Mozambique, Commonwealth Observer Group, and the U.S. Embassy in Mozambique, the 2019 election was characterized by instances of fraud, intimidation, and the murders of opposition leaders and election observers. The President of the National Election Commission acknowledged that the 2019 elections were marked by irregularities, stating that "that is why when [the National Election Commission] announced the results, nobody heard [the National Election Commission] saying that the elections were free, fair and transparent."
During his time in office from 2015 to 2018, the poverty reduction trend observed between 2009–11 and 2015 reversed direction; the number of multidimensionally poor people increased from about 21.3 to about 22.2 million people from 2015 to 2018, with the extra million poor people mainly located in rural areas of the central provinces.
Since March 2015, at least 10 high-profile figures have been killed in Mozambique. These include leaders of opposition parties, journalists, and academics. Previously, no similarly defined high-profile leaders of opposition parties and academics were reported killed since the Peace Accord of 1992 between Renamo and FRELIMO. Nyusi has also been accused of abuse of power; for example, some 90,000 school desks publicly delivered by Nyusi in September 2018 were manufactured by a company 50% owned by his daughter. Furthermore, court documents filed by Jean Boustani in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York in 2019 and by Iskandar Safa in The High Court of Justice in London in 2021 alleged that Nyusi received up to 2 million dollars in bribes in 2014 in connection with illegal loans (also known as "hidden debts"), which caused an economic crisis in Mozambique when he was the Minister of Defense and/or afterward.
His office time has been marked by the escalation of the war in Mozambique's central and northern regions. The FRELIMO government has been described as authoritarian by The Economist Intelligence Unit, Monjane et al., and Manning et al.
Early life and career
Nyusi was born in Namau in Mueda District, Cabo Delgado Province, belonging to the Makonde ethnic group. Both his parents were veterans of the liberation movement, FRELIMO. At the start of the Mozambican War of Independence, he was taken across the Ruvuma River to neighboring Tanzania, where he was educated at FRELIMO Primary School in Tunduru. He pursued his secondary education at the FRELIMO school at Mariri in Cabo Delgado and at Samora Machel Secondary School in Beira.
In 1973, aged 14, he joined FRELIMO and received political and military training at Nachingwea in Tanzania. In 1990, he completed his mechanical engineering degree at Antonín Zápotocký Military Academy (VAAZ) in Brno, Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic's University of Defense.
Prior to his appointment to the cabinet by President Armando Guebuza, Nyusi worked for the state-owned Mozambique Ports and Railways Authority (CFM). He became the executive director of CFM-Norte, the northern division of the company, in 1995. He joined the company's board of directors in 2007.
From 1993 to 2002, Nyusi served as the President of Clube Ferroviário de Nampula, a top-division football club based in Nampula. He is also a lecturer at the Nampula campus of the Universidade Pedagógica, a fellow of the Africa Leadership Initiative, and a member of the National Committee of Fighters of the National Liberation Struggle ().
He received further training in management in India, South Africa, Eswatini, and the United States.
Political career
Minister of Defence
Nyusi took office as Minister of Defence on 27 March 2008, succeeding Tobias Joaquim Dai.
Nyusi's appointment came almost exactly one year after the fire. The resulting explosions of munitions at the Malhazine armory in Maputo killed more than 100 people and destroyed 14,000 homes. A government-appointed investigative commission concluded that negligence played a role in the disaster, and Dai "was blamed by many for failing to act on time to prevent the loss of life".
In September 2012, Nyusi was elected to the Central Committee of FRELIMO, the ruling party, at its 10th congress.
2014 presidential election
On 1 March 2014, the FRELIMO Central Committee elected Nyusi as the party's candidate for the 2014 presidential election. In the first round of voting, he received 46% of the vote—well ahead of the second-place candidate, Luisa Diogo, but short of the majority needed to win outright. He defeated Diogo in the second round with 68% to her 31%. Although Nyusi was regarded as relatively obscure compared to the other candidates, he was most closely identified with President Guebuza. It was generally believed that the selection of Nyusi as FRELIMO's candidate would enable Guebuza, who was required to step down due to term limits, to retain substantial power after leaving office. Diogo, the defeated candidate, was associated with opposition to Guebuza within the party.
2019 presidential election
Nyusi and his FRELIMO party won a landslide victory in an election that the opposition branded a "mega fraud". The elections were marked by assassinations and significant intimidation of prominent leaders of opposition parties and election observers. Local elections observers, civil society organizations, the Commonwealth Observer Group, and the European Union Election Observation Mission, reported significant intimidation, violence, and fraud during the election period. State resources, media, and aid for cyclone victims were extensively used in favor of FRELIMO, the ruling party, and its candidates. Nyusi, the incumbent president, was re-elected with 73% of the vote. The main opposition party RENAMO as well as the other opposition parties involved in the elections, contested the results, claiming there were numerous irregularities and accusing FRELIMO of "massive electoral fraud", including hundreds of thousands of "ghost voters". As evidence for the international community, Ossufo Momade, the president of RENAMO, transported to Europe a box filled with voting ballots that had been marked in favor of Nyusi before the start of the vote.
Presidency (2015–present)
Nyusi was inaugurated for his first term as the fourth president of Mozambique on 15 January 2015, and for his second term on 15 January 2020.
During his time in office, Mozambique experienced increased poverty rates. According to the Mozambique Workers' Organization (Portuguese: Organização dos Trabalhadores de Moçambique), 23% of Mozambicans did not have any job or means to earn a living, and most of the unemployed were young. Since 2015, prominent leaders of opposition parties, academics, journalists, and leaders of civil society organizations have been assassinated throughout the country. Several assassination attempts, believed to be ordered by the Nyusi government, were made against the historical leader of opposition party RENAMO, Afonso Dhlakama, who demanded governorship in six provinces he and his party RENAMO had won in the 2014 general election. After the attempts on Dhlakama, war resumed in the traditional bastion of RENAMO in the central region of the country. The war in the central region of Mozambique continues to date. In 2017, another war started in the resource-rich northern region of the country.
Promoting peace and dialogue with Renamo
Since armed conflict re-emerged in 2013, the country has engaged in multiple efforts to secure peace. However, while these processes did not resolve the situation, they provided the platform to advance the peace process further. When the opportunity presented itself in December 2016, President Nyusi reopened dialogue with Renamo's leadership, through a nationally-owned peace process that involved direct negotiations with the President of Renamo, the late Afonso Dhlakama. As part of the negotiations, President Nyusi travelled to Gorongosa to meet with Dhlakama. This was the first time in the country's history that a sitting president travelled to Renamo's stronghold.
President Nyusi's efforts culminated in the signing of the Maputo Accord for Peace and National Reconciliation in August 2019. The occasion was witnessed by Namibia's President-in-Office of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), Hage Geingob, the President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Former Presidents of Mozambique (Joaquim Chissano) and Tanzania (Jakaya Kikwete), the President of the Contact Group (Mirko Manzoni) and the Representative of Sant'Egidio Community (Matteo Zuppi). Since the signing of the Accord, both parties have consistently implemented agreements reached leading to the deepening of decentralisation and the implementation of the disarmament, demobilisation and reintegration (DDR) process. To date, 2,307 DDR beneficiaries (including 153 women), 44% of the total number registered as part of the DDR process, are now beginning their reintegration back into society across the country and have expressed satisfaction with the way the process is being conducted.
Illegal loans
Nyusi is accused of corruption related to illegal loans (also known as "hidden debts") that caused an economic crisis in Mozambique. Between 2013 and 2014, three state-owned companies – Ematum, Mozambique Asset Management (MAM), Proindicus – borrowed $622 million from Credit Suisse and $535 million from VTB, ostensibly for a project involving tuna fishing and maritime security. A total of $2.2 billion in hidden loans was uncovered in 2016, which triggered a collapse in the metical and a default on its debt. International lenders such as the International Monetary Fund withdrew their support for the country. In June 2019 and May 2020, Mozambique's Constitutional Council declared the loans were illegal and void, as they were not approved by the parliament, and ruled that “[n]o expenditure can be assumed, ordered or carried out without being duly registered in the budget of the approved state ... which was not the case.”
In March 2019, three former Mozambican officials and five business executives were indicted in New York for their alleged role in the scheme. The U.S. Justice Department alleged that the loans were a front for government officials and bankers to enrich themselves. The government of Mozambique brought legal action in the United Kingdom to challenge the validity of the loans, as they were contracted under English law. Privinvest, in their defense, alleged that Nyusi had received payments as campaign contributions. Mozambican law prohibits public officials from receiving personal payments from third parties in connection with their current or former public officials. Credit Suisse and VTB have argued that the Mozambican government is liable to repay the loans.
In the legal actions in New York (20 November 2019) and London (15 January 2021), it was alleged that Nyusi was one of the numerous officials who received bribes, in his case at least 2 million dollars and 1 million dollars, respectively. Armando Guebuza, President of Mozambique during the time of the alleged incident, stated during a hearing with attorney general Ana Sheila Marrengula on 30 September 2020 that Nyusi should be arrested to better clarify the loans because the money from the loans that went to Ematum and MAM was intended to guarantee the defense and security of the country, and Nyusi was the Minister of Defense at the time. The independence of the judiciary in Mozambique has been questioned by experts.
Guebuza, who was instrumental in ensuring the selection of Nyusi as FRELIMO's candidate to allow Guebuza to retain influence after leaving office, is also listed as a defendant in the legal action in London in the context of the hidden loans. Former Minister of Finance Manuel Chang, who also served in the Guebuza government, was arrested in South Africa on 29 December 2018 at the request of U.S. prosecutors who want Chang extradited to the U.S. to face trial in connection with the loans. Chang has remained in jail in South Africa since then.
Alleged extrajudicial killings
Nyusi's government has been accused of using death squads (Portuguese: esquadrões da morte) to assassinate individuals in opposition to the Mozambican government. There are also reports and accusations of corpse mutilation and extrajudicial assassinations of civilians by government security forces, including the Mozambique Defence Armed Forces and the Mozambique Rapid Intervention Police.
Personal life
Nyusi is a member of the Makonde ethnic community. He is married to Isaura Nyusi and has four children, Jacinto, Florindo, Claudia and Angelino.
On 3 January 2022, it was announced Nyusi and his wife were in isolation after testing positive for COVID-19.
References
External links
Candidate Profile published by FRELIMO
1959 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Brno University of Technology alumni
Defence ministers of Mozambique
FRELIMO politicians
Makonde people
Mozambican corporate directors
Mozambican engineers
People from Cabo Delgado Province
Presidents of Mozambique
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1995 to August 1996. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
CBS
Returning series
Late Show with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder
Up to the Minute
Not returning from 1994-95:
Crimetime After Primetime
The Kids in the Hall
Fox
New series
MADtv
Not returning from 1994-95:
Tales from the Crypt
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
NBC Nightside
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
United States late night network television schedules
1995 in American television
1996 in American television
Santiago Castaño (born April 14, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Deportivo Pereira.
Career
Professional
Santiago Castaño joined the Red Bulls Academy in September 2008 and played for New York's U-14, U-15, U-16, and U-18 teams. He trained with the first team as an academy player before signing his first professional contract in 2012. During his first two years with the club he served as the team's third goalkeeper.
Castaño made his professional debut at the age of 19 playing for New York Red Bulls II, the affiliate of his team, on March 28, 2015, in a 0–0 draw against Rochester Rhinos. Castaño was named to the USL Team of the Week for his performance for NYRBII on August 22, 2015, in a 2–0 victory over Toronto FC II, a match in which he made six saves and recorded his fourth clean sheet of the season. Castaño was released by New York on January 25, 2016.
After leaving Red Bulls, Castaño left for Colombia, joining Socrates Valencia F.C in the Colombian Third Division. On December 7, 2017, he scored from the penalty spot to help his club to a 2–1 victory over Fantasías Nueva York in the Copa Ciudad Pereira. He scored three goals (penalty kicks) with the club during the 2017 season.
For the 2017–18 season he was on the roster of TSF FC of the National Premier Soccer League.
On January 28, 2019, Castaño joined the New York Cosmos for the 2019 season.
International
Castaño has represented the United States at various youth levels, in 2014 he appeared in 4 matches for the United States men's national under-20 soccer team.
In December 2014 he accepted a call to join the Colombia national under-20 football team camp.
References
1995 births
Living people
American soccer players
New York Red Bulls players
New York Red Bulls II players
New York Cosmos B players
New York Cosmos (2010) players
Association football goalkeepers
Soccer players from New York (state)
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
American sportspeople of Colombian descent
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
American expatriate soccer players
Sportspeople from Queens, New York
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Félix Pérez (born November 14, 1984) is a Cuban professional baseball outfielder for the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican Baseball League, and Yaquis de Obregón of the Mexican Pacific League.
Career
Prior to playing in the Reds system, he played in the Cuban National Series. He first played for Isla de la Juventud in 2005-2006, hitting .246. He also pitched briefly. The next season, he hit .287 in 84 games, again pitching briefly, and in 2007-2008, he hit .257 with 20 doubles in 90 games.
Cincinnati Reds
Signed by the Reds by scout Richard Jimenez, Perez hit over .300 twice in his first four seasons in the USA. He split 2010 between the DSL Reds, with whom he hit .429 in 16 games, the Lynchburg Hillcats (.338 batting average in 16 games) and the Carolina Mudcats (.266 batting average in 35 games), for a composite .322 batting average. He committed 8 errors in 2011 for Carolina while hitting .257 in 92 games; he also hit .206 with two walks and a homer in nine games for the Louisville Bats, for a combined .252 batting average in 101 games. He hit .301 and had 16 assists defensively in 116 games for Louisville in 2012. In 2013, he batted .262 with 10 home runs and 65 RBI in 126 games for Louisville, while fielding .995.
During 2014 Perez posted some of his best numbers. He played for the AAA Louisville Bats the entire season, appearing in 122 games. He finished the season with a batting average of .280 and had a slugging percentage of .450. He accrued 74 RBI's (the team high), 12 home runs (second highest on his team), 36 doubles (the team high) and an OPS of .775. Defensively, he committed just 3 errors. He was elected to the International League All-Star team and hit a double and a triple during the AAA All-Star game.
Sultanes de Monterrey
He played for the Sultanes de Monterrey in 2015 and hit .312 with 20 home runs and 70 RBI in 94 games. He played for Caracas again that winter and produced at a .332/.425/.545 clip with 20 doubles in 55 games. He again supplemented another team in the Caribbean Series, this time joining the Tigres de Aragua. He hit .200/.407/.200 with 7 walks in six games. He also made a couple errors at first, including a crucial one with a two-run lead in the 7th inning of the finale against Mexico's Venados de Mazatlán that enabled them to score the tying run en route to a comeback win.
Rakuten Golden Eagles
He played for the Rakuten Golden Eagles in 2016, hitting .304/.371/.543 with 19 home runs and 68 RBI between them - only .244 with 5 home runs in 22 game for Rakuten, .315 with 14 home runs in 64 games for Monterrey.
Second stint with Sultanes de Monterrey
He returned to Monterrey for the 2017 season, appearing in 28 games and hitting .284/.359/.500 with 6 home runs and 23 RBIs before he was placed on the reserve list for the rest of the season on May 7, 2017. He became a free agent after the season.
Rieleros de Aguascalientes
On March 22, 2018, Pérez signed with the Rieleros de Aguascalientes of the Mexican League.
Third stint with Sultanes de Monterrey
He was traded back to the Sultanes de Monterrey on August 7, 2018. Pérez did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Mexican League season because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bravos de León
On February 2, 2021, Pérez was traded to the Bravos de León of the Mexican League.
Toros de Tijuana
On December 18, 2021, Pérez was traded to the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican League in exchange for the rights to RHP Mitch Lively.
References
External links
NPB
1984 births
Living people
Águilas del Zulia players
Bravos de León players
Carolina Mudcats players
Defecting Cuban baseball players
Dominican Summer League Reds players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Leones de Ponce players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Puerto Rico
Leones del Caracas players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Louisville Bats players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Mexican League baseball first basemen
Mexican League baseball right fielders
Nippon Professional Baseball outfielders
Rieleros de Aguascalientes players
Sultanes de Monterrey players
Tigres de Aragua players
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles players
Tomateros de Culiacán players
Toronjeros de Isla de la Juventud players
Toros de Tijuana players
Venados de Mazatlán players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Mexico
People from Isla de la Juventud
The C40 is a guitar that Yamaha describes as "an affordable full-sized classical guitar" and the company website states that it was made especially for all-around guitarists.
It is rumored that the C-Series guitars of Yamaha have been around for as long as 1986, where it conveniently marked the unprecedented emergence of the first hundred of these C-Series C40s. Little is known about these first hundred (prototype) units that were produced during 1986, but the fact is that the C-Series C40 was yet to be publicized at the Hamamatsu Yamaha factory until 1991.
Until this day Yamaha still makes new versions and improvements for the new C40 models.
External links
C40 info
Yamaha.com.au
C40 on Yamaha music
C40
C40
The Independent State of Papua New Guinea and China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations in 1976, soon after Papua New Guinea became independent. The two countries currently maintain diplomatic, economic and, to a lesser degree, military relations. Relations are cordial; China is a significant provider of both investments and development aid to Papua New Guinea.
The current Ambassador of Papua New Guinea in China is Don Sawong. The current Ambassador of China in Papua New Guinea is Zeng Fanhua.
Background
detailed article: Sino-Pacific relations
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "[T]he PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the Taipei Times described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
History and current situation
Like other Pacific countries, Papua New Guinea has been courted by both Beijing and Taipei. It remained unambiguously aligned with Beijing until 1999. In the first decade of the twenty-first century, the possibility of formal ties between Port Moresby and Taipei has prompted the People's Republic of China to significantly strengthen its relations with PNG.
In 1999, the government of Papua New Guinean Prime Minister Bill Skate briefly recognised Taiwan. Skate lost power less than a week later, and Papua New Guinea's diplomatic recognition reverted to China.
In 2003, the PRC's embassy in Port Moresby published a statement of concern in reaction to comments in the Papua New Guinean press questioning the justification for PNG's relations with the People's Republic. The embassy statement insisted that relations between the two countries were mutually beneficial, reasserted the PRC's claims to Taiwan, and concluded: "It is our sincere hope that the local [PNG] media will report on China and its relations with PNG in a just and objective way, so as to further enhance the mutual understanding and friendship between the peoples of our two countries."
In July 2003, PNG Governor General Sir Silas Atopare visited the PRC, re-affirmed his country's adherence to the "One China" policy, and, according to a statement published by the PRC's embassy, "thank[ed] the government and the people of China for their commitment in providing aid to PNG's development".
In May 2008, Taiwan's Foreign Minister James Huang resigned, along with two other top officials, after wasting over €19 million in a failed attempt to win diplomatic recognition for the Republic of China from Papua New Guinea. The misuse of the money caused public outrage, forcing Huang's resignation. Papua New Guinea's foreign minister Sam Abal subsequently confirmed that his country had no intention of recognising Taiwan.
A few days later, it was announced that members of the Papua New Guinea Defence Force would receive training provided by the PRC. Traditionally, military training aid in Papua New Guinea had been provided by Western countries, namely, Australia, New Zealand and the United States.
Chinese companies were involved in the redevelopment of the port and airport of Lae.
Human rights
In June 2020, Papua New Guinea was one of 53 countries that backed the Hong Kong national security law at the United Nations.
See also
References
External links
Official website of the embassy of the People's Republic of China in Papua New Guinea
Papua New Guinea
Bilateral relations of Papua New Guinea
New Mill (Newmill on Ordnance Survey maps) is a small settlement in west Cornwall, England. It is approximately north of Penzance on the road to Gurnard's Head.
Geography
The area includes the hamlets of Boskednan and Bodrifty, which has a former Iron Age settlement. Nearby is Trythall School and the former mission church of All Saints which was designed by James Piers St Aubyn and opened in 1885, to service the mining community. It closed in 1957, the altar was moved to Gulval Church and placed in the Harris Chapel which was renamed the Trythall Chapel. New Mill lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
Industry
New Mill quarry () closed before the First World War. During the 1880s it was owned by Messrs Freeman and Sons, employing fifteen men. Freeman's also owned the Lamorna and Sheffield quarries as well a yard at Wherrytown for processing the granite. They also employed hundreds of people in quarries near Penryn.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Penwith
Tafarn-y-Gelyn is a small village in the east of Denbighshire, North East Wales. Situated near Llanferres, at the foot of Moel Famau, just off the A494 road halfway between Ruthin and Mold.
Tafarn-y-Gelyn (225m) is the start of the old coach road Bwlch Pen Barras across the Clwydian Range, between Moel Famau and Moel Fenlli. This was the original road from the Vale of Clwyd to Mold before the advent of the A494.
External links
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Tafarn-y-Gelyn and surrounding area
Villages in Denbighshire
is a Japanese television drama series. It debuted on April 1, 1963, and was broadcast until April 4, 1964. It was the third Asadora series broadcast on NHK. It starred Shin Saburi as a college professor who quit his job to try to become a painter.
Cast
Shin Saburi as Shōnosuke Sada
Michiko Araki as Toshiko Sada, Shōnosuke's wife
Nobuo Tsukamoto as Shōzō Sada, Shōnosuke's eldest son
Keiko Iida as Ayako Sada, Shōnosuke's eldest daughter
Yoko Kawaguchi as Yoko Sada, Shōnosuke's second daughter
Eiko Muramatsu as Chizu Sada
Hisano Yamaoka as Akiko
Kyûzô Kawabe as Nojima
Ayako Hōshō as the Director's wife
Minako Osanai as Hisako
Jun Usami as Ōnishi
References
1963 Japanese television series debuts
Asadora
Hardy Aviation (N.T.) Pty Ltd, is an air charter company based at Darwin International Airport in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. It operates air charter services. Its main base is Darwin International Airport.
Hardy Aviation is a member of the Regional Aviation Association of Australia (RAAA).
History
Hardy Aviation was founded in 1991 by John Hardy.
In November 2008, Hardy Aviation created a subsidiary called Fly Tiwi.
In December 2012 Hardy Aviation and Fly Tiwi were grounded because senior pilots failed a review test. Hardy Aviation was allowed to resume operations shortly after. However, Hardy Aviation had to threaten legal action against Civil Aviation Safety Authority before Fly Tiwi could resume operations.
In 2014, Hardy Aviation constructed new facilities at Borroloola Airport, Northern Territory.
In March 2020, Hardy Aviation received financial support from the Northern Territory Government for the COVID-19 pandemic.
In April 2020, Hardy Aviation received financial support as part of the Australian Government's COVID-19 Regional Airline Network Support Program.
Fleet
The Hardy Aviation fleet consists of the following aircraft:
See also
List of airlines of Australia
List of defunct airlines of Australia
John Hardy (aviator)
References
External links
Hardy Aviation
Fly Tiwi
Regional Aviation Association of Australia
Short Biography of John Hardy
Airlines established in 1991
Australian companies established in 1991
Regional Aviation Association of Australia
Companies based in Darwin, Northern Territory
Transport in the Northern Territory
Rodolfo Casanova, also known as Baby Casanova or ''Chango'' Casanova (June 21, 1915 – November 23, 1980) was a Mexican professional boxer. He was also the first Mexican to fight a Puerto Rican in the Mexico – Puerto Rico boxing rivalry.
Early life
Rodolfo was born during the Mexican Revolution, his father Don Rafael Casanova died in that war. His mother moved the family to Mexico City after the death. Casanova grew up very poor and started boxing only after his older brother Carlos, an amateur boxer, had no official government backing to attend the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Professional career
World Bantamweight Championship
In his first attempt at a world title, Casanova lost to Sixto Escobar the World Bantamweight Champion. This would be the first world title fight between a Mexican and a Puerto Rican.
See also
Mexico – Puerto Rico boxing rivalry
References
External links
Boxers from Guanajuato
Sportspeople from León, Guanajuato
Featherweight boxers
1915 births
1980 deaths
Mexican male boxers
Marius Gabriel (born 13 November 1954 in Mafikeng, South Africa) is a historical novelist. He is the author of The Redcliffe Sisters series, The Designer, The Ocean Liner, The Parisians and a number of other bestsellers.
He has homes in Cairo and Lincolnshire. In 2018, he and Kerry Wilkinson became the first men using their own names to win a RoNA Award in the organisation's 58-year history. Gabriel won for his historical novel, The Designer.
Biography
Marius Gabriel Cipolla studied Shakespeare in the University of Newcastle in northern England. To finance his postgraduate research, he began writing romance fiction. He sold his first novel to Mills & Boon, published in 1983 under the female pseudonym Madeleine Ker. He left his academic pursuits to become a full-time writer.
Bibliography
As Marius Gabriel
Suspense novels
The Mask of Time (1994)
House of Many Rooms (1999)
Historical novels
The Original Sin (1993)
The Seventh Moon (2001)
The Chronicle Of Marcellus (2009)
Gabon (2011)
Wish Me Luck as You Wave Me Goodbye (2015)
Take Me to Your Heart Again (2016)
The Designer (2017)
The Ocean Liner (2018)
The Parisians (2019)
The Girls in the Attic (2021)
As Madeleine Ker
Single novels
Aquamarine (1983)
Virtuous lady (1983)
Voyage of the Mistral (1983)
Pacific Aphrodite (1983)
The Street of the Fountain (1984)
Winged Lion (1984)
Pacific Aphrodite (1984)
Working Relationship (1984)
Fire of the Gods (1984)
Out of This Darkness (1984)
Hostage (1985)
Comrade Wolf (1985)
Ice Princess (1985)
Danger Zone (1985)
Impact (1986)
The Wilder Shores of Love (1987)
Judgement (1987)
Frazer's Law (1987)
Stormy Attraction (1988)
Take-over (1988)
Tuscan Encounter (1988)
Troublemaker (1988)
Special Arrangement (1989)
Tiger's Eye (1989)
Passion's Far Shore (1989)
Duel of Passion (1990)
Whirlpool (1992)
The Alpha Male (2003)
The Sicilian Duke's Demand (2005)
Postcards from Europe Series (Multi-Author)
The Bruges Engagement (1992)
Mistress to a Millionaire Series (Multi-Author)
The Millionaire Boss's Mistress (2004)
Omnibus in collaboration
Trodden Paths / Voyage of the Mistral / Innocent Abroad (1989) (with Jacqueline Gilbert and Jessica Steele)
Graphic Novels
Never Kiss A Stranger (2006)
Omnibus in collaboration
Anvil of Stars / The Original Sin / The Shee (1993) (with Joe Donnelly and Greg Bear)
Child 's
Smartypig (2002)
References and sources
Marius Gabriel on Fantastic Fiction
Madeleine Ker on Fantastic Fiction
The story of Smartypig
External links
Marius Gabriel's reviews at Amazon.com
1954 births
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
South African male novelists
Living people
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Patricia Bezzoubenko (born 21 February 1997) is a Canadian individual Elite rhythmic gymnast. She is a 4 time Canadian Senior National champion, 5 time Commonwealth Games Champion, Pan-American games medalist. She holds dual citizenship with Canada and Russia. She was training in Novogorsk with the highest level coaches and gymnasts. Now Patricia is coaching and providing Master Classes all around the World.
Personal life
Bezzoubenko was born in North Vancouver, British Columbia, but moved to Russia at the age of four with her parents and began training in Moscow. When her coaches learned she possessed dual citizenship with Canada, they arranged for her to work with Canadian coach Svetlana Joukova in Toronto. Bezzoubenko spends about half of the year training in Moscow as well as several months in Canada.
Career
Bezzoubenko appeared in international junior competitions in 2010. She won bronze medal in ball at the 2012 Pesaro Junior World Cup. At the Junior Pacific Rim Championships in Everett, Washington, Bezzoubenko won the all-around gold, at the event finals: she won 2 golds (clubs and hoop), a silver in ribbon, and bronze in ball. She then won the all-around gold at the Junior Pan American Championships in Cordoba, Argentina.
Bezzoubenko debuted as a Senior in the 2013 Season, she competed in the Grand Prix and World Cup Rhythmic Gymnastics Series. Bezzoubenko missed qualifying for the all-around finals at the 2013 World Championships in Kyiv, Ukraine finishing 25th in the qualifications behind American Rebecca Sereda who qualified for the last spot.
In 2014, Bezzoubenko started her season competing at the 2014 Grand Prix Moscow, she then competed at the 2014 Grand Prix Thiais, She repeated as Canadian National champion. Bezzoubenko won 4 gold medals at the 2014 Pacific Rim Championships including the all-around title of the event. On May 9–11, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2014 Corbeil-Essonnes World Cup and finished 13th in all-around. Bezzoubenko won the all-around at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland with a total score of 59.175 points and Team event (with teammates Maria Kitkarska and Annabelle Kovacs). In event finals, she won 3 gold (ball, hoop, clubs) and bronze in ribbon. Bezzoubenko then competed at the 2014 Sofia World Cup finishing 26th in all-around finals. On September 5–7, at the 2014 World World Cup Final in Kazan, Russia, Bezzoubenko finished 17th in all-around behind Salome Phajava. On September 22–28, at the 2014 World Championships, Bezzoubenko was able to qualify to the all-around finals where she finished in last place in 24th position.
In 2015, Bezzoubenko began the season competing at the 2015 Moscow Grand Prix finishing 16th in the all-around, she qualified to 1 event final in ball. On March 21–22, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2015 Thiais Grand Prix finishing 10th in the all-around behind Veronika Polyakova. In 2015, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2015 Bucharest World Cup and finished 18th in the all-around. On April 10–12, Bezzoubenko finished 27th in the all-around at the 2015 Pesaro World Cup. Bezzoubenko finished 13th in all-around at the 2015 Berlin Grand Prix with a total of 68.100 points. At the 2015 Pan American Games, Bezzoubenko won the all-around bronze medal behind American Jasmine Kerber, she qualified to 3 event finals taking silver in clubs. In August, Bezzoubenko finished 25th in the all-around at the 2015 Budapest World Cup. At the 2015 World Cup Final in Kazan, Bezzoubenko finished 21st in the all-around. On September 9–13, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2015 World Championships in Stuttgart, She finished 31st in the All-around qualifications and did not advance into the Top 24 finals. On October 2–4, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2015 Aeon Cup in Tokyo Japan, finishing 12th in the all-around finals behind Japan's Kaho Minagawa.
In 2016, Bezzoubenko started her season competing at the 2016 Grand Prix Moscow finishing 21st in the all-around with a total of 66.916 points. On February 26–28, she competed at the 2016 Espoo World Cup finishing 23rd in the all-around. On March 17–20, Bezzoubenko then competed at the 2016 Lisboa World Cup where she finished 14th in the all-around. At the 30th Thiais Grand Prix event in Paris, she finished 22nd in the all-around. On April 1–3, she competed at the 2016 Pesaro World Cup where she finished 23rd in the all-around. On April 21–22, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2016 Gymnastics Olympic Test Event held in Rio de Janeiro however she finished a disappointing 13th and did not qualify in top 8 highest score for non qualified gymnasts. Bezzoubenko then finished 17th in the all-around at the 2016 Sofia World Cup. On June 3–5, Bezzoubenko finished 15th in the all-around at the 2016 Guadalajara World Cup with a total of 68.700 points. On July 1–3, Bezzoubenko competed at the 2016 Berlin World Cup finishing 15th in the all-around. On July 8–10, Bezzoubenko then finished 26th in the all-around at the 2016 Kazan World Cup. On July 22–24, culminating the World Cup of the season in 2016 Baku World Cup, Bezzoubenko finished 12th in the all-around scoring a New Personal Best total of 70.100 points behind America's Laura Zeng.
In 2017 Patricia Bezzoubenko retired from competitive Rhythmic Gymnastics, and began coaching at Excellence RG in Toronto.
Routine music information
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Canadian rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts from Toronto
Sportspeople from North Vancouver
Gymnasts at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Gymnasts at the 2015 Pan American Games
Canadian people of Russian descent
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa is an 1892 historical non-fiction work by Scottish-born author Robert Louis Stevenson describing the contemporary Samoan Civil War.
Robert Louis Stevenson arrived in Samoa in 1889 and built a house at Vailima. He quickly became passionately interested, and involved, in the attendant political machinations. These involved the three great powers battling for influence in Samoa – the United States, Germany and Britain – and the political machinations of the various Samoan factions within their indigenous political system. The book covers the period from 1882 to 1892.
The book served as such a stinging protest against existing conditions that it resulted in the recall of two officials, and Stevenson for a time feared that it would result in his own deportation. When things had finally blown over he wrote to Sidney Colvin, who came from a family of distinguished colonial administrators, "I used to think meanly of the plumber; but how he shines beside the politician!"
A contemporary review of the book noted:
References
External links
1892 non-fiction books
Civil wars involving the states and peoples of Oceania
History of Samoa
Cassell (publisher) books
Books by Robert Louis Stevenson
1892 in Oceania
Scranton station could refer to three train stations in Scranton, Pennsylvania:
Scranton station (NJ Transit), a proposed station
Scranton station (Central Railroad of New Jersey)
Radisson Lackawanna Station Hotel, the former Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad station
Eldred De Bracton Norman (9 January 1914 – 28 June 1971) was an Australian inventor and racing-car driver.
Norman was born in Adelaide, South Australia, the second of six children to Australian-born parents William Ashley Norman (a solicitor) and his wife Alma Janet née Matthews. He attended Scotch College, Adelaide. On 15 May 1941 Norman married Nancy Cato, then a 24-year-old journalist.
Eldred was notably famous for producing sliding vane superchargers. The rare and iconic supercharger started as a base model, the Type 65 and is highly sought after in the early Holden community. The Type 65 was a bolt on performance enhancing product to suit the Holden Grey motor.
Norman built and modified cars. He contested the Australian Grand Prix several times; he was leading the 1951 Australian Grand Prix when his twin V8 engined Ford suffered mechanical failure. He finished fourth in the 1954 Australian Grand Prix.
In 1956 Norman retired from motor racing and focussed on inventing, but his prototypes did not reach production. He died in Noosa Heads, Queensland.
References
External links
Memories of Eldred Norman by Bill Norman
Supercharge a book by Eldred Norman
1914 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Australian inventors
Racing drivers from South Australia
Ashley Slater (born 1961) is a British trombone player and best known for his narration on the television series Boo! as well as his work with Norman Cook (a.k.a. Fatboy Slim) in the band Freak Power.
Career
In 1983 after leaving the army, Slater attended the National Centre for Orchestral Studies, after which he joined the jazz orchestral collective Loose Tubes. Over the next few years he was the bass and tenor trombonist of choice for George Russell, Carla Bley, Andrew Poppy, El Sonido de Londres, Billy Jenkins, Django Bates and Andy Sheppard.
Discography
As leader
The Human Groove (1988), with Microgroove
Big Lounge (2002)
Cellophane (2008)
With Kitten & The Hip
Hello Kitten (2014)
With Freak Power
Drive-Thru Booty (1995)
More of Everything for Everybody (1996)
With Loose Tubes
Loose Tubes (1985)
Delightful Precipice (1986)
Open Letter (1988)
With Kin Chi Kat
You Think You Love Me (2019)
With others
Billy Jenkins, Scratches of Spain (1987)
George Russell, The London Concert (1990)
Carla Bley, The Very Big Carla Bley Band (1991)
Iain Ballamy, Mirrormask: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (2005), Molecular Gastronomy (2007)
Dub Pistols, Back to Daylight from the Album Rum & Coke (2009)
Monkey Business, Id Song and London Dealing from the Album Twilight of Jesters? (2009)
Tape Five, Jambalaya (2022)
References
1961 births
Living people
British jazz trombonists
Male trombonists
British people of Canadian descent
21st-century trombonists
21st-century British male musicians
British male jazz musicians
Loose Tubes members
Oxcentrics members
The Ministry of Communications and Multimedia (), abbreviated K-KOMM, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for communications, multimedia, broadcasting, information, personal data protection, special affairs, media industry, film industry, domain name, postal, courier, mobile service, fixed service, broadband, digital signature, universal service, international broadcasting, content.
The Ministry is housed in the Sultan Abdul Samad Building in Kuala Lumpur.
Organisation
Minister of Communications and Multimedia
Deputy Minister of Communications and Multimedia
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Legal Advisor Office
Corporate Communication Unit
Internal Audit Unit
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Integrity Unit
Deputy Secretary-General (Policy)
Strategic Planning Division
Communication Technology Division
International Division
Content Development Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Operations)
Strategic Communications Division
Control and Compliance Division
Infrastructure and Application Division
Central Agency Committee for Application for Filming and Performance by Foreign Artiste (PUSPAL) Unit
Senior Under-Secretary (Management)
Human Resources Management Division
Finance Division
Development Division
Management Services Division
Account Division
Information Management Division
Federal departments
Department of Broadcasting Malaysia, or Jabatan Penyiaran Malaysia. (Official site)
Department of Information Malaysia, or Jabatan Penerangan Malaysia. (Official site)
Department of Personal Data Protection, or Jabatan Perlindungan Data Peribadi (JPDP). (Official site)
Tun Abdul Razak Broadcasting and Information Institute, or Institut Penyiaran Dan Penerangan Tun Abdul Razak (IPPTAR). (Official site)
Federal agencies
Malaysian National News Agency, or Pertubuhan Berita Nasional Malaysia (BERNAMA). (Official site)
Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC), or Suruhanjaya Komunikasi dan Multimedia Malaysia (SKMM). (Official site)
National Film Development Corporation Malaysia, or Perbadanan Kemajuan Filem Nasional Malaysia (FINAS). (Official site)
Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (MDeC), or Perbadanan Ekonomi Digital Malaysia. (Official site)
MYNIC Berhad. (Official site)
Government Company / Government-Linked Company
CyberSecurity Malaysia (Official site)
MyCreative Ventures Sdn Bhd. (Official site)
Mutiara Smart Sdn Bhd. (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Communications and Multimedia is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
Perbadanan Kemajuan Filem Nasional Malaysia Act 1981 [Act 244]
Bernama Act 1967 [Act 449]
Digital Signature Act 1997 [Act 562]
Communications and Multimedia Act 1998 [Act 588]
Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission Act 1998 [Act 589]
Personal Data Protection Act 2010 [Act 709]
Postal Services Act 2012 [Act 741]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Creative Industry Policy
National Film Policy
Music Industry Development Masterplan
National Book Policy
Programmes
Universal Services Provision:
1Malaysia Internet Centre
Community WiFi
1Malaysia Netbook
Cellular Coverage Expansion - Time 3
Telephony
Community Broadband Library
Mini Community Broadband Centre
See also
Minister of Communications and Multimedia (Malaysia)
References
External links
Ministry of Communications and Multimedia
Department of Information
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Communications in Malaysia
Mass media in Malaysia
Ministries established in 2013
2013 establishments in Malaysia
Internet in Malaysia
"Just Begun" is a song by American hip hop duo Reflection Eternal, composed of New York rapper Talib Kweli and Ohio producer Hi-Tek. The song was released on February 2, 2010, as the second single from their second studio album Revolutions per Minute (2010). The song is a posse cut featuring verses from rappers Jay Electronica, J. Cole and Mos Def, the latter of whom also forms a duo with Talib Kweli, known collectively as Black Star.
Composition
The song's production was handled by Reflection Eternal's Hi-Tek. The song contains samples of "We've Only Just Begun" as performed by The Singers Unlimited. The four recording artists rap in succession, without a bridge or refrain separating their verses. They complement their verses by continuing each other's rhyme scheme. Jay Electronica and J. Cole share nose imagery with "I'm on a higher level, I'm on top of nosebleeds / Niggas say they sick, but when they rock they don't sneeze". Mos Def practices internal rhymes, rapping "Get off him, there is not a parcel or a portion / Or a measure of a fortune more awesome". Talib Kweli makes references to Donnie Brasco, The Count of Monte Cristo, Iago and Othello of Othello, the Moor of Venice, as well as cigarillos.
Reception
Nathan S. of DJBooth.net wrote "this All-Star emcee roster live up to their mic killing reputations, collectively creating something in the ballpark of a quasi-underground, super laid-back version of 'Forever'". Del F. Cowie of Exclaim noted "over a minimalist Hi-Tek beat, 'Just Begun' is a shrewd merging of established and cutting edge lyricists. Jay Electronica, with his current single, 'Exhibit C,' and Jay-Z Roc Nation signee J. Cole are both riding waves of increasing popularity, and both MCs put in notably hungry appearances that overflow with humility and hedonistic swagger, respectively. Kweli leads off the whole affair with a simile-laden verse, while the rejuvenated Mos Def's economic treatise cleans up on a track clearly focused on pugilistic lyrical dexterity." Chris Coplan of Consequence of Sound, criticized the instrumental, writing "'Just Begun' has a beat that is like bad smooth jazz on a loop and that burns and eats its way into your brain. Want to know what Mos Def was saying by the final verse? Me too. But Hi-Tek isn't simply to blame. Kweli is a veteran of the game, and with that said, the lack of variances in his flow can be a hindrance."
Release history
References
2010 singles
J. Cole songs
Mos Def songs
Songs written by J. Cole
Songs written by Mos Def
Warner Records singles
Posse cuts
Talib Kweli songs
Songs written by Talib Kweli
Songs written by Hi-Tek
2009 songs
Senator Egan may refer to:
Charles M. Egan (1877–1955), New Jersey State Senate
Dennis Egan (born 1947), Democratic member of the Alaska State Senate
Michael J. Egan (1926–2016), American lawyer and politician
Michael Egan (Wisconsin politician) (1827–?), Wisconsin State Senate
Rush County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. In the 2010 United States Census, the population was 17,392. The county seat (and only city) is Rushville.
History
When the Indiana Territory was granted statehood (20 December 1816), there were no settlers on the lands of the future Rush County. However, this changed quickly, and by 1821 the newly founded settlements were desirous of being organized into a county unit. Accordingly, the state legislature passed an act dated 31 December 1821 which authorized Rush County, effective 1 April, and further authorized the first commissioners (pro tem) to begin organizing the county's governing structure on 3 June 1822. The act also authorized six townships to cover the county; subsequent growth through the years has caused the number of townships to double. It was named for Dr. Benjamin Rush, one of the signers of the 1776 Declaration of Independence. That same summer (1822) the future town (and county seat) of Rushville was platted and laid out.
Geography
In the 1820s the low rolling hills of Rush County were generously covered with trees, usually walnut and sugar maples. By 1879 Rush County was the state's largest producer of maple syrup. However, logging and clearing for agriculture have completely removed the trees, except for stands in drainages, and the available land is completely devoted to agriculture or urban development. The Big Blue River drains the upper part of the county, flowing to the southwest. The Little Blue River flows southwest to drain the central part of the county, and Flatrock River flows south-southwest through the lower central part of the county. The terrain's highest point (1,135 feet/346 m ASL) is an isolated rise at the county's east boundary, 1.4 mile (2.2 km) SSW of Glenwood.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Henry County - north
Fayette County - east
Franklin County - southeast
Decatur County - south
Shelby County - west
Hancock County - northwest
Cities and towns
Carthage
Glenwood
Rushville (city/county seat)
Census-designated places
Arlington
Manilla
Milroy
Unincorporated towns
Boyd
Charlottesville
Circleville
Fairview
Falmouth
Farmers
Farmington
Gings
Gowdy
Henderson
Henry
Homer
Mauzy
Mays
Moscow
New Salem
Occident
Raleigh
Richland
Sexton
Sulphur Spring
Williamstown
Townships
Anderson
Center
Jackson
Noble
Orange
Posey
Richland
Ripley
Rushville
Union
Walker
Washington
Major highways
/ Interstate 74/U.S. Route 421**
U.S. Route 52
Indiana State Road 3
Indiana State Road 44
Indiana State Road 140
Indiana State Road 244
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Rushville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1901. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,392 people, 6,767 households, and 4,803 families in the county. The population density was . There were 7,508 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.4% white, 0.8% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.4% were German, 16.8% were American, 12.0% were Irish, and 11.9% were English.
Of the 6,767 households, 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.0% were non-families, and 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.99. The median age was 40.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $52,874. Males had a median income of $41,581 versus $30,035 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,215. About 10.3% of families and 12.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.4% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rush County, Indiana
Edward E. Moore, Indiana state senator and Los Angeles City Council member
References
External links
County website
History of Rush County, Indiana
Indiana counties
1822 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1822
Lound Mill is a tower mill at Lound in the English county of Suffolk which has been converted to residential accommodation.
History
Lound Mill was built in 1837 by Robert Martin, the Beccles millwright replacing an earlier post mill. The mill worked by wind until 1939. The machinery was removed c1961 when the mill was converted to residential accommodation.
Description
Lound Mill is a four storey tower mill. It had a boat shaped cap with a gallery and was winded by a fantail. The four Patent sails drove three pairs of millstones.
References
External links
Windmill World webpage on Lound Mill.
Windmills in Suffolk
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1837
Towers completed in 1837
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Waveney District
NGC 991 is an intermediate spiral galaxy the constellation Cetus. This galaxy was discovered by astronomer William Herschel in 1785.
A type Ib supernova designated SN 1984l was discovered in this galaxy in late August 1984 by R. Evans.
References
External links
Intermediate spiral galaxies
Cetus (constellation)
0991
009846
Madchester Rave On is the second EP by Happy Mondays. It was released in November 1989 on Factory Records. The track "Hallelujah" became the band's breakthrough release, reaching the top twenty in the UK and leading to the band's first Top of the Pops appearance.
Shortly afterwards, Happy Mondays released Madchester Rave On – The Remixes, a three-track EP of club DJ remixes. In the USA, three of the EP tracks and two of the subsequent remixes were compiled into the seven-track American EP Hallelujah.
Track listing
Madchester Rave On E.P.
Limited 7"/12"/CD/Cassette
"Hallelujah"
"Holy Ghost"
"Clap Your Hands"
"Rave On"
7"
"Hallelujah (The MacColl Mix)"
"Hallelujah (In Out Mix)"
Madchester – Rave On (Remixes)
CD/Cassette
"Hallelujah (Club Mix)" – Mix by Paul Oakenfold and Andy Wetherall (sic - misspelled on the tape credits)
"Rave On (Club Mix)" – Mix by Paul Oakenfold and Terry Farley
"Hallelujah (In Out Mix)" – Mix by Steve Lillywhite
12"
"Hallelujah (Club Mix)"
"Rave On (Club Mix)"
Charts
References
1989 EPs
Happy Mondays albums
Madchester
Factory Records EPs
UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles
Voskanyan () is an Armenian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andranik Voskanyan (born 1990), Armenian footballer
Aram Voskanyan (born 1975), Armenian footballer
Arthur Voskanyan (born 1976), Armenian footballer
Masis Voskanyan (born 1990), Armenian footballer
Taron Voskanyan (born 1993), Armenian footballer
Vardan Voskanyan (born 1972), Armenian judoka
See also
Varujan Vosganian (born 1958), Romanian politician
Armenian-language surnames
William MacKendree is an American artist. He was born in Augusta, Georgia in 1948. He studied Philosophy and Visual Arts at Georgia State University in Atlanta. Following the completion of his university degrees, he left the U.S. to live and work in Greece between 1975 and 1982.
Biography
His time in Greece was shared between Thessaloniki and the island of Paros. There were many trips of discovery throughout Greece and the Balkan Peninsula, as well as Turkey, North Africa, and the Mediterranean world. The encounters with Archaic Greek sculpture and Minoan Painting left deep impressions, above all for their provocative simplicity and essence of line. The potential for the figurative within the context of the dominant minimalist visual culture of contemporary art may well have germinated from the initial visual shocks of this imagery. Here was an art that embodied both graphic dynamism and the impulse to vital forms and themes. His six years in Greece provided a relatively isolated cocoon for research and experimental trial-and-error ; moving steadily closer to a way to flesh out his first personal, near-archaic, works.
It was soon after his arrival in Paris that he made the group of paintings that constituted his first gallery exhibition, in 1984. In the aftermath there appeared articles on these works in art magazines such as ‘Eighty', Opus International, Flash Art, and Art in America. He was invited to participate in the international survey of contemporary art ‘Anniottanta' at the Museum of Modern art of Bologna in 1985. That same year, he received the Prix de Peinture at the Salon International d'Art Contemporain in Montrouge, and his work was acquired by the Musée Nationale d'Art Moderne et Contemporaine, the Centre Pompidou, in Paris.
Exhibitions in Vienna, Innsbruck, and Rome were held in 1986, and he also began a long-running collaboration with Michael Woolworth publications, creating numerous prints and artist's books in the intervening years. Other collaborations and commissions have subsequently become an integral facet of his visual production. Mural projects were realized for the Reims Urban Transport headquarters (1998), for the City of Paris (2000), La Grande Arche de la Défense (1991), as well as for private companies in France.
The Centre Regional d'Art Contemporain of Toulouse presented the first large institutional survey of his work in 1990. Since then there have followed regular intervals of exhibitions in galleries throughout Europe.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2012
Galerie Vidal-Saint Phalle, Paris
Galerie Storrer, Zurich
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2011
Galerie Placido, Paris
2009
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2007
Galerie Erich Storrer, Zurich
2005
Galerie La Navire, Brest
Le Quartz, Brest
2004
Galerie Vidal-St.Phalle, Paris
Galerie La Navire, Brest
2002
Art Koln, Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2001
Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2000
Galerie Nanky De Vreeze, Amsterdam
F.I.A.C., Michael Woolworth Publications
Group exhibitions
2012
'Ressources Humaines', Les Abattoirs, Musée d'Art Contemporain, Toulouse
'Louyétu', Maison des Arts, Centre d'Art Contemporain, Carjac
2011
‘Drawing Now', Salon du Dessin Contemporain ; Carrousel du Louvre, Paris
Galeries Vidal-St. Phalle, La Navire, Placido
‘Woolworth Publications', Nomad Gallery, Brussels
2010
‘Vingt Ans Apres', Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
‘Art en Edition', l'Espace Topographie de l'Art, Paris
2009
‘Que du Papier', Galerie Placido, Paris
2007
‘Sweet Powder', Aître Saint Maclou, Ecole Regionale des Beaux Arts, Rouen
2006
‘Quinze Ans, Quinze Artistes', Galerie Vidal-St. Phalle, Paris
2005
‘Print it, Damn it', Museo del Grabado, Fuendetodos
2003
‘Jazz', Université de Brest, Brest
2001
'10 Ans Aprês', Galerie Vidal-St.-Phalle, Paris
1999
‘Jeux de Genres', Espace Electra, Paris
Public collections
La Grande Arche de la Défense, Paris
Fonds National d'Art Contemporain, Ministère de la Culture, France
La Ville de Paris
Neue Galerie der Stadt, Linz
Musée d'Art Moderne et Contemporain, Toulouse
Musée National d'Art Moderne, Paris
Transports Urbain de Reims
Leepa-Rattner Museum of Art, Tarpon Springs, Florida
Public commissions
2006–2008
Mural Installations, Verlingue Courtiers en Assurance, Quimper
2000
Wall Mural, City of Paris, rue des Dames
1998
Mural Installation, Transport Urbain de Reims Headquarters
Awards and grants
Prix de Peinture, Salon International de Montrouge, 1985
Pollock-Krasner Foundation, New York, 1996
References
Publications
'William MacKendree/Vinyl Vocabulary', published by Hirmer Verlag, Munich, 2012; texts by Alain Mousseigne, Laurie Hurwitz, 156 pages, 100 color reproductions
Press articles
'William MacKendree ou l'Espace de Transition', Giovanni Joppolo; Eighty Magazine No. 6, January/February 1985
'Les Signes Secrets de William MacKendree', Henri-Francois Debailleux; Café Crème Magazine No. 6, Hiver 1986
'La Part Irréductible', Robert Hoang Haî; Kanal Magazine No. 33-34, Octobre/Novembre 1987
'William MacKendree', Jean-Luc Chalumeau; Opus International, Automne 1987
'L'Objet Ex-Situ', Laurence Cabidoche; le Journal de Toulouse, 22/11/1990
'MacKendree se sent tou choses', Henri-Francois Debailleux; Liberation journal, 24/11/1990
'Het dromendagboek van kunschilder MacKendree, Max Borka; De Morgen journal, Brussels, 27/02/1991
'Mythologies de l'Enfance', Philippe Carteron; le Nouvel Observateur No. 1387, 06/06/1991
'La Guerre de Sécession de William MacKendree', Emmanuel Daydé; Muséart magazine, Octobre 1998
Catalog texts
Demosthènes Davvetas, 'Les Trois Actes D'Un Drame Pictural'; Text of exhibition catalog 'William MacKendree', Centre Régional d'Art Contemporain Midi-Pyrénées; Toulouse, France; 1990
Anne Tronche, 'Voir est un Acte', Text of exhibition catalog 'William MacKendree'; Centre d'Arts Plastiques de Saint-Fons, France; 1993
Laurent Boudier, 'Pas de Retour sur le Passé'; Text of exhibition catalogue 'MacKendree', Galeries Vidal St.-Phalle, Jacqueline Storme, La Navire; 1998
External links
official site
http://www.michaelwoolworth.com
http://www.lanavire.com/
http://www.galerie-placido.com/
http://www.galeriestorrer.com/galerie_erich_storrer_storrer_gallery_zurich/Galerie_Erich_Storrer.html
http://www.vidal-stphalle.com/
1948 births
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Artists from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Augusta, Georgia
Georgia State University alumni
Living people
20th-century American male artists
Erik Bánki (born May 26, 1970) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1998 to 2012 and since 2014.
He served as Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Sport and Tourism from May 14, 2010 to June 10, 2012. He is a Member of Board of the Hungarian Football Federation from 2009.
Bánki became Member of the European Parliament (MEP) on June 10, 2012, replacing János Áder, who was elected President of Hungary in May 2012. As a result Bánki had to resign from his national parliamentary seat. He was re-elected Hungarian MP in the 2014 parliamentary election. He became Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Economics in October 2015. Bánki was re-elected MP via the joint national list of Fidesz-KDNP during the 2018 parliamentary election.
Personal life
Bánki is divorced and is the father of 4 children.
References
1970 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Fidesz MEPs
MEPs for Hungary 2009–2014
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Szekszárd
Free the Eagle is an American neoconservative lobbying group based in Washington, D.C. Neal Blair is the firm's President. Andrew Eiva joined the organization in 1984 as a paid Afghan lobbyist. Blair believed that Eiva could rally conservatives who felt that the US Central Intelligence Agency, as well as the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission, were dominated by people of suspect patriotism.
See also
Angolan Civil War
FIM-92 Stinger
Lobbying in the United States
Soviet Afghan war
References
Lobbying organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Neoconservatism
Hawthorne Cottage is a National Historic Site located in Brigus, Newfoundland and Labrador. It is a unit of the national park system, operated by Parks Canada, the national park service. It was the residence of Captain Bob Bartlett, a famed Arctic explorer. Bartlett is credited by marine historian Thomas Appleton with "the finest feat of leadership in Canadian Marine history" in his efforts to save the crew of the ill–fated Karluk under Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson.
Built in 1830 by Brigus merchant John Leamon, Hawthorne Cottage came into the Bartlett family through Bartlett's mother, Mary Leamon Bartlett, granddaughter of John Leamon. In 1834 the house was moved 10 kilometers from its original site in Cochranedale to its current location in the centre of Brigus. In the neighborhood is a house that was known as the Benville Tearooms, once operated by Bartlett's mother and sisters.
The cottage combines features of Newfoundland vernacular architecture enhanced by intricate architectural details. The architecture of Hawthorne has been recognized by the national Historic Sites and Monuments Board as typifying the refined lifestyle of Newfoundland outport merchant families of the 19th and early 20th centuries. It was designated a National Historic Site in 1978, and has been a Federal Heritage Building since 1993. The Historic Sites Association of Newfoundland and Labrador ran a small gift shop inside, which has closed.
See also
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
List of people of Newfoundland and Labrador
References
External links
Hawthorne Cottage National Historic Site - Parks Canada official site
www.historicsites.ca- Historic Sites Association official site - Hawthorne Cottage under projects
National Historic Sites in Newfoundland and Labrador
Museums in Newfoundland and Labrador
Historic house museums in Canada
Biographical museums in Canada
Houses in Newfoundland and Labrador
Houses completed in 1830
1830 establishments in Newfoundland
Mother Geraldine Scholastica Gibbons (c. 1817 – 15 October 1901) was an Irish-Australian nun, founder and first superior of the Sisters of the Good Samaritan.
Early life
Geraldine Scholastica Gibbons was born Geraldine Henrietta Gibbons around 1817 in Kinsale, County Cork. Her parents were Gerald, a landowner, and Mary Gibbons (née Sughrue). She was schooled in Cork. The Gibbons family emigrated to Australia in 1834.
Religious life
Both Gibbons and her older sister joined a congregation of five Irish Sisters of Charity at Parramatta, New South Wales. The Archbishop Bede Polding of Sydney was keen to grow the congregation in his archdiocese, waiving the dowries that Gibbons' father was unable to pay on their behalf. This decision later caused conflict between the Australian recruits and the original Irish sisters.
Gibbons professed as Mary Scholastica on 17 July 1847, and worked at the congregation's mission at a female penitentiary in Parramatta. The convent closed in 1848, the sisters joined with the Sydney convent, where Gibbons founded a home for female penitents there. Polding appointed Gibbons to succeed her sister as superior in 1853, which caused surprise as she had only professed five years earlier. It had been expected that an older Irish sister, Mary Baptist De Lacy, one of the first religious sisters to come to Australia, would be given the position. This sparked tension in the congregation, with De Lacy resigning from her position as rectress of St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney in 1859, claiming pressure for the convent rule to move from Vincentian to a modified Benedictine from the archiepiscopal hierarchy. The resignation led to public debate in local newspapers, in which Gibbons reluctantly engaged, denying any pressure. De Lacy requested permission to return to Ireland, and re-joined the Dublin community.
The issues with the congregation led to Polding founding an Australian congregation. On 2 February 1857 he requested that Gibbons become superior of a new order that would amalgamate her congregation and a new group of women who had formed the Community of the Good Shepherd. They were renamed the Community of the Good Samaritan around 1866 to avoid confusion with a European community. Gibbons remained superior of the new congregation until 6 September 1876, when she returned to the Sisters of Charity, working with the poor in the Hobart convent. She worked there until 1885, but returned to the Good Samaritans at Rosebank convent, Sydney.
Death
Gibbons died on 15 October 1901 at age 85. She was buried in Rookwood Cemetery, Sydney, and was later reinterred at Rosebank College, Sydney in 1945.
References
People from Kinsale
1810s births
1901 deaths
19th-century Irish nuns
19th-century Australian Roman Catholic nuns
Burrower may refer to:
Burrowing animals, any animals that excavate burrows
Sandburrowers, a family of fishes
The Burrowers, a 2008 film
See also
Burrower bugs, a family of insects
Snout-burrowers, or shovelnose frogs
This is a chronological account of combat operations in 2016 during the Battle of Aleppo, part of the Syrian Civil War.
January
February
On 22 February, Jund al-Aqsa captured the village of Rasm al-Nafal, to the southwest of Lake Jabbul, severing the Ithriyah-Khanasser Highway again for the second time in 5 months. Soon afterwards, the Syrian Army deployed reinforcements to the village from the town of Al-Safira, to recapture it and reopen the key supply route. By the next day, ISIL had also captured multiple villages along the southern shore of Lake Jabbul and to the south of Rasm al-Nafal, sealing off more of the Aleppo road. Although the Syrian Army managed to recapture a number of points on the highway, they were still unable to expel the Syrian rebel and ISIL forces from the vast majority of the villages that they had seized. ISIL forces also captured a point on the Sheikh Hilal-Ithriyah Road, shutting down that highway as well. Later on 23 February, it was reported that ISIL captured the strategic town of Khanasser, advancing further along the Ithriya-Khanasser Highway.
On 25 February, the Army launched a large-scale counterattack, dislodging ISIL from the town of Khanasir, which had been captured by the militants two days earlier. The counter-attack concluded 29 February 2016, when the Syrian Arab Army re-opened a supply route to Aleppo city.
March
On 20 March, ISIL forces started an assault on the Sheikh Najjar Industrial District, capturing the villages of Kafr Saghir and Babinnis. By 22 March, however, the Syrian Army managed to repel the ISIL offensive and regain control over the two villages.
April
May
June
See also 2016 Aleppo summer campaign (June–September 2016)
On 25 June, the Syrian army and allied forces began their long-awaited North-west Aleppo offensive. The ultimate goal of the offensive was to cut the Castello highway, which is the last supply route for rebels inside the city, thus fully encircling remaining opposition forces.
July
See also 2016 Aleppo summer campaign (June–September 2016)
On 7 July, the Syrian Army imposed fire control over the Castello highway, as they advanced to within 1 km of the last rebel supply route into Eastern Aleppo, after capturing the Southern Mallah farms from the Al Nusra Front and other forces.
On 11 July, Jabhat Al-Nusra launched an offensive inside Aleppo city capturing 10 buildings near the Al-Morour building (police station); however, this offensive was repelled and the SAA retook control of all lost buildings.
On 17 July, the Syrian Army reached and captured the Castello highway, tightening the blockade of the rebel-held eastern Aleppo.
On 27 July, the Army officially declared it had cut off all rebel supply routes into Aleppo.
Following the implementation of the siege, Syrian President Bashar Assad offered a general amnesty to militants who surrender to the government authorities in the next three months. Meanwhile, Russian Defense Minister, Sergei Shoigu, said that President Putin ordered a large-scale humanitarian operation outside Aleppo ”to help civilians who were taken hostage by terrorists as well as fighters who wanted to lay down the arms.” Shoigu also mentioned that three humanitarian corridors as well as food and first aid points will be offered outside the city. The rebels prevented residents from fleeing through humanitarian corridors, with only a few residents being able to leave encircled opposition-held districts. Pro-opposition sources claimed two young men were shot by Army snipers while they were trying to cross through the humanitarian crossings.
August
See 2016 Aleppo summer campaign (June–September 2016)
September
See 2016 Aleppo summer campaign (June–September 2016)
On 22 September, airstrikes were conducted on five districts of Aleppo. By the next day, due to the continues airstrikes, whole neighborhoods were in flames. Meanwhile, the Army made ground advances in the north and south of the city.
On 24 September, the airstrikes continued, while the Army advanced in the Handarat Camp district and near the Aleppo citadel. By the end of the day, government troops withdrew from the Handarat Camp. Om 25 September, government forces secured the Shaher district and launched a new assault on the Handarat Camp.
On 27 September, airstrikes hit two hospitals, while the Army captured the Farafira district.
On 28 September, government troops advanced in the al-Suweiqa district of Old Aleppo.
On 29 September, the Army took control of the Handarat Camp district and subsequently attacked the Kindi hospital, which had been made into a rebel base, as well as the nearby Shaqayf district.
On 30 September, government forces seized the Kindi hospital, while "back and forth" fighting took place in the central Suleiman Al-Halabi district.
See also
References
Aleppo in the Syrian civil war
2016 in the Syrian civil war
Aleppo
Aleppo
Aleppo
Dennis Constable (14 August 1925 – November 2011) is a former English cricketer. Constable was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at East Molesey, Surrey.
The younger brother of Surrey cricketer Bernie Constable, Dennis made two first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in 1949 against Leicestershire and the touring New Zealanders, both at the County Ground, Northampton. In the match against Leicestershire he scored 8 runs in Northamptonshire's first-innings, before being dismissed by Gerry Lester, while in their second-innings he wasn't required to bat. In Leicestershire's first-innings he took two catches and in their second he followed up with another catch and a stumping. Against the New Zealanders, Constable batted at number eleven in Northamptonshire's first-innings, being dismissed for 12 by Ces Burke thanks to a stumping off his bowling by Frank Mooney. In their second-innings he wasn't required to bat. He took a single catch in the New Zealanders first-innings and followed that up with another in their second.
References
External links
Dennis Constable at ESPNcricinfo
Dennis Constable at CricketArchive
1925 births
2011 deaths
People from Molesey
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Manalipa (also known as Malanipa) is one of the 28 offshore islands of the City of Zamboanga in southern Philippines. Located about east of the southern tip of the island is Little Manalipa Island (also known as Little Malanipa Island).
Location
The island is located about east of downtown Zamboanga City, and southeast of Sacol Island, on the beautiful Moro Gulf.
Communities
The barangay of Manalipa, the lone community on the island, has population of 1,674 (as of August 1, 2007).
Features
Scuba diving is very good around the island.
See also
List of islands of the Philippines
References
Islands of Zamboanga City
Barangays of Zamboanga City
South West District was a district command of the British Army between 1967 and 1995.
History
The district was formed from 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division as part of the Territorial Army Volunteer Reserve in 1967. It had its headquarters at Bulford Camp, Wiltshire, and was placed under the command of HQ United Kingdom Land Forces in 1972.
In 1984-85 the district controlled a number of individual units, including 94th Locating Regiment, Royal Artillery at Roberts Barracks, Larkhill; the Support Regiment RA; Headquarters 7 Regiment Army Air Corps; the UK contingent of the ACE Mobile Force; 1st Infantry Brigade at Tidworth; 43 Wessex Brigade in Exeter; and five planned companies of the Home Service Force.
In 1992, Headquarters South West District controlled three of the Army's 20 training areas on Salisbury Plain.
The district was disbanded on the formation of HQ Land Command in 1995.
Commanders
General officers commanding included:
1967–1970 Major-General Thomas Acton
1970–1971 Major-General John Douglas-Withers
1972–1974 Major-General Hugh Cunningham
1974–1975 Major-General George Cooper
1975–1978 Major-General Robert Lyon
1978–1981 Major-General Sir John Acland
1981–1984 Major-General Michael Gray
1984–1987 Major-General Barry Lane
1987–1990 Major-General Anthony Jeapes
1990–1992 Major-General Anthony Pollard
See also
Headquarters South West (United Kingdom)
References
Districts of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1967
Military units and formations disestablished in 1992
Play is a symphony for orchestra in three movements by the American composer Andrew Norman. The work was commissioned by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, for whom Norman was then composer-in-residence. It was first performed on May 17, 2013 by the orchestra under the conductor Gil Rose. The revised version was premiered by the Los Angeles Philharmonic conducted by Gustavo Dudamel October 28, 2016.
Composition
Play has a duration of roughly 45 minutes and is composed in three movements:
Norman scholar and collaborator Anne Lanzilotti writes, "Structured in three movements—or 'Levels,' as they are titled—it is an intricately planned work dealing with themes of control, free will, hidden messages, and of course, playfulness. The key elements of Play are the things that inspire me in Norman's music: physicality, the use of form to create narrative, and an interest in the experience of live performance."
The composition also utilizes various extended techniques for strings.
Reception
Play has received an extremely positive critical response. Reviewing the world premiere, David Wright of the Boston Classical Review wrote, "No matter how complex and seemingly chaotic the music became, Norman's contrapuntal skill and imaginative handling of the large orchestra were evident throughout." He added, "A single hearing can hardly do a piece like Play justice, but the work's ambition and brilliant performance earned it warm and prolonged applause." Reviewing a recording of the work, the music critic Alex Ross called it "a sprawling, engulfing, furiously unpredictable piece in three symphonic movements." Tom Huizenga of NPR similarly called it "witty, playful, surprisingly transparent — aside from the bazillion little things going on — and probably thrillingly difficult to pull off." David Weininger of The Boston Globe wrote:
In 2017, Play won the Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition.
Recording
The Boston Modern Orchestra Project launched a Kickstarter campaign on June 13, 2013 to raise $8,000 for a recording of Play, in addition to Norman's orchestral work Try. The campaign closed on June 30, 2013 having successfully raised $9,525. A recording of the work was subsequently released through the orchestra's label BMOP/Sound. The BMOP recording was later named one of the best classical music recordings of 2015 by David Allen of The New York Times and was nominated for the 2016 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Classical Composition.
References
External links
Official website
BMOP
Andrew Norman's ‘Play,' a Symphony That Levels Up review on New York Times
Compositions by Andrew Norman
2013 compositions
Contemporary classical compositions
21st-century symphonies
Kickstarter-funded albums
Music commissioned by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project
The National Committee of the Chinese Banking Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Finance sector trade unions
The 1968 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 37th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Cork entered the championship as defending champions.
On 22 September 1968, Cork won the championship following a 3-5 to 1-10 defeat of Sligo in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title overall and their second in succession.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Donal Aherne of Cork becomes the second player after Tyrone's Eddie Devlin to captain a team to two All-Ireland titles.
References
1968
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Carlos Alberto Muniesa Ferrero is a Spanish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight. He was Spain's National Rowing Coach from 1988 to 1990. He now teaches at the European University of Madrid.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Sherwood Anderson Park (sometimes referred to unofficially as Sherwood Anderson Plaza) is a public park located in Clyde, Ohio, United States that was named after the American short story writer and author Sherwood Anderson. Anderson is well known in Clyde for writing the 1919 short story collection Winesburg, Ohio, which is based loosely on his experiences in Clyde.
Sherwood Anderson Park is located in the center of Clyde's downtown area, where the bike trail known as the North Coast Inland Trail passes through the city. The park features a fountain and a row of sheltered benches in the town plaza as well as a gazebo outside of the plaza.
History
Sherwood Anderson Park was founded in 1976 by the Clyde Heritage League, but the area laid out for the park was reserved by Penn Central Transportation Company, so the park was eventually shut down. On July 7, 2015, the City of Clyde passed a resolution that supported the Sherwood Anderson Society's reestablishment of the park. On May 1, 2018, Clyde City Council members unanimously voted to rescind Resolution 2015–32 and withdraw its support of the Sherwood Anderson Society.
A 1976 article of the Toledo-based newspaper Toledo Blade stated that even the former Sherwood Anderson Park "[featured] park benches and trees in the center of the business district." A 1984 article of the daily newspaper The Cincinnati Enquirer also claimed that "Anderson's widow, Eleanor, came to town and stood by proudly as the sign proclaiming Sherwood Anderson Park was put into place."
Funding
The park is funded by the Whirlpool Corporation Clyde Division and the local government of the City of Clyde.
References
Parks in Ohio
Action model learning (sometimes abbreviated action learning) is an area of machine learning concerned with creation and modification of software agent's knowledge about effects and preconditions of the actions that can be executed within its environment. This knowledge is usually represented in logic-based action description language and used as the input for automated planners.
Learning action models is important when goals change. When an agent acted for a while, it can use its accumulated knowledge about actions in the domain to make better decisions. Thus, learning action models differs from reinforcement learning. It enables reasoning about actions instead of expensive trials in the world. Action model learning is a form of inductive reasoning, where new knowledge is generated based on agent's observations. It differs from standard supervised learning in that correct input/output pairs are never presented, nor imprecise action models explicitly corrected.
Usual motivation for action model learning is the fact that manual specification of action models for planners is often a difficult, time consuming, and error-prone task (especially in complex environments).
Action models
Given a training set consisting of examples , where are observations of a world state from two consecutive time steps and is an action instance observed in time step , the goal of action model learning in general is to construct an action model , where is a description of domain dynamics in action description formalism like STRIPS, ADL or PDDL and is a probability function defined over the elements of .
However, many state of the art action learning methods assume determinism and do not induce . In addition to determinism, individual methods differ in how they deal with other attributes of domain (e.g. partial observability or sensoric noise).
Action learning methods
State of the art
Recent action learning methods take various approaches and employ a wide variety of tools from different areas of artificial intelligence and computational logic. As an example of a method based on propositional logic, we can mention SLAF (Simultaneous Learning and Filtering) algorithm, which uses agent's observations to construct a long propositional formula over time and subsequently interprets it using a satisfiability (SAT) solver. Another technique, in which learning is converted into a satisfiability problem (weighted MAX-SAT in this case) and SAT solvers are used, is implemented in ARMS (Action-Relation Modeling System).
Two mutually similar, fully declarative approaches to action learning were based on logic programming paradigm Answer Set Programming (ASP) and its extension, Reactive ASP. In another example, bottom-up inductive logic programming approach was employed. Several different solutions are not directly logic-based. For example, the action model learning using a perceptron algorithm or the multi level greedy search over the space of
possible action models. In the older paper from 1992, the action model learning was studied as an extension of reinforcement learning.
Literature
Most action learning research papers are published in journals and conferences focused on artificial intelligence in general (e.g. Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (JAIR), Artificial Intelligence, Applied Artificial Intelligence (AAI) or AAAI conferences). Despite mutual relevance of the topics, action model learning is usually not addressed on planning conferences like ICAPS.
See also
Machine learning
Automated planning and scheduling
Action language
PDDL
Architecture description language
Inductive reasoning
Computational logic
Knowledge representation
References
Inductive reasoning
Machine learning
Data mining
Oberhausen an der Appel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Northland Country Club is a private country club in Duluth, Minnesota. It was established in 1899. In 1927, Northland was renovated by golf course architect Donald J. Ross. It features bent grass fairways and greens.
Scorecard
Recognition
Northland Country Club is recognized as #87 on Golfweek's 2010 top 100 classic courses list
See also
List of Donald Ross designed courses
References
External links
Golf clubs and courses in Minnesota
Golf clubs and courses designed by Donald Ross
Buildings and structures in Duluth, Minnesota
1899 establishments in Minnesota
Hubert Charles may refer to:
Hubert Charles (lawyer) (1925-2017), French-Mogegasque lawyer and judge
Hubert J. Charles (born 1948), Dominican diplomat and educator
Hubert N. Charles (1893–1982), English automotive engineer
The History of Armenia (, Patmut'yun Hayots) attributed to Movses Khorenatsi is an early account of Armenia, covering the legendary origins of the Armenian people as well as Armenia's interaction with Sassanid, Byzantine and Arsacid empires down to the 5th century.
It contains unique material on ancient Armenian legends, and such information on pagan (pre-Christian) Armenian as has survived. It also contains plentiful data on the history and culture of contiguous countries. The book had an enormous impact on Armenian historiography.
In the text, the author self-identifies as a disciple of Saint Mesrop, and states that he composed his work at the request of Isaac (Sahak), the Bagratuni prince who fell in battle in 482.
Authorship
Scholars have generally accepted Movses's History as an authentic script. For example, Gibbon in his History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire (ch. 32) accepted the 5th century date of Movses, on grounds that "his local information, his passions and his prejudices, are strongly expressive of a native and contemporary."
Contents
The book is divided into three parts:
"Genealogy of Armenia Major", encompassing the history of Armenia from the beginning down to Alexander the Great;
"History of the middle period of our ancestors", extending from Alexander to the death of Gregory the Illuminator and the reign of King Terdat (330);
the third part brings the history down to the overthrow of the Arshakuni Dynasty (428); and
the fourth part brings the history down to the time of the Emperor Zeno (474-491), during this time there were three wars: a. the Armenian Independence War headed by Vasak Syuni (450), b. the civilian war between Vardan Mamikonyan and Vasak Syuni (autumn of 450 - May 451), inspired by Romans, Persians and Armenian clergy, c. the 2nd independence war headed by Sahak Bagratuni (who ordered Movses Khorenatsi to write the "history of Armenia") and then by Vahan Mamikonyan (after the death of Sahak Bagratuni in 482).
Patriarchs
This first book contains 32 chapters, from Adam to Alexander the Great.
List of the Armenian patriarchs according to Moses:
Hayk (Haig) (grandson of Tiras), Armenak (or Aram), Aramais, Amassia, Gegham, Harma, Aram
Ara Geghetsik, Ara Kardos, Anushavan, Paret, Arbag, Zaven, Varnas, Sour, Havanag
Vashtak, Haikak, Ampak, Arnak, Shavarsh, Norir, Vestam, Kar, Gorak, Hrant, Endzak, Geghak
Horo, Zarmair, Perch, Arboun, Hoy, Houssak, Kipak, Skaiordi
These cover the 24th to 9th centuries BC in Moses' chronology, indebted to the Chronicon of Eusebius.
There follows a list of legendary kings, covering the 8th to 4th centuries BC:
Parouyr, Hratchia, Pharnouas, Pachouych, Kornak, Phavos, Haikak II, Erouand I, Tigran I, Vahagn, Aravan, Nerseh, Zareh, Armog, Bagam, Van, Vahé.
These gradually enter historicity with Tigran I (6th century BC), who is also mentioned in the Cyropaedia of Xenophon (Tigranes Orontid, traditionally 560-535 BC; Vahagn 530-515 BC), but Aravan to Vahé are again otherwise unknown.
chapter 1: letter to Sahak
chapter 5: from Noah to Abraham and Belus
chapters 10-12: about Hayk
chapter 13: war against the Medes
chapter 14: war against Assyria, 714 BC
chapters 15-16: Ara and Semiramis
chapters 17-19: Semiramis flees from Zoroaster to Armenia and is killed by her son.
chapter 20: Ara Kardos and Anushavan
chapter 21: Paruyr, first king of Armenia at the time of Ashurbanipal
chapter 22: kings from Pharnouas to Tigran
chapter 23: Sennacherib and his sons
chapters 24-30: about Tigran I
chapter 31: descendants of Tigran down to Vahé, who is killed in resistance against Alexander
chapter 32: Hellenic wars
Middle Period (332 BC - AD 330)
92 chapters, from Alexander the Great to Tiridates III of Armenia.
Arsacid period 330-428
68 chapters, from the death of Tiridates III to Gregory the Illuminator.
Editions and translations
Under Soviet rule the book was published many times.
R. W. Thomson, English translation, 1978 (Harvard, ).
G. Kh. Sargsyan, Russian translation, 1991 ().
R. W. Thomson, English translation, rev. ed. 2006 (Caravan Books, ).
See also
History of Armenia
Zenob Glak
John Mamikonean
Gregory the Illuminator
Roman relations with the Armenians
References
Robert H. Hewson, "The Primary History of Armenia": An Examination of the Validity of an Immemorially Transmitted Historical Tradition, History in Africa (1975).
External links
Movses Khorenatsi, "The History of Armenia" (in Armenian)
Movses Khorenatsi, "The History of Armenia" (in English)
Medieval literature
Armenian literature
History books about Armenia
St. Louis Albert Estes (April 2, 1876 – May 2, 1951) was an American doctor and proponent of a raw food diet. In 1929, he was credited as being the father and founder of the raw food movement that was sweeping the country. He believed that one of the most common causes of sickness and chronic disease was an unhealthy diet and lifestyle. Originally a dentist, Estes was unhealthy at the age of thirty and began a raw food diet to improve his health. He later began speaking on the topic in lectures around the country. Estes also believed in breathing techniques that would achieve maximum absorption of oxygen. One of his books, Raw Food and Health, published in 1927 is still popular in the Raw, Living Food community today.
Early life and family life
Estes was born in Missouri and died in Los Angeles County, California at age 75 years. When interviewed for newspaper and magazine articles in the 1920s–1930s he claimed to be approximately 15 years older than records show that he actually was.
Estes was the son of Louis A. and Emma Medora Estes. Estes graduated from Northwestern College of Dentistry. and originally practiced dentistry in Chicago, Illinois. His first wife was Clara Augusta Neimann Estes (1872–1936), and he had three children from this marriage—in birth order, two daughters.
Clara Lucille (born c. 1909) and Phoebe Estes (born c. 1911), and a son, St. Louis Estes Jr. (born c. 1913)
Circa 1928, Estes and his second wife (marriage 1922-1923), Esther Moraine Estes (born Esther Moran in Kentucky in 1895), settled in Van Nuys, California at the adobe built Spanish style ranch hacienda located on 10 acres at the corner of Bessemer and Woodman Avenue, which formerly belonged to American actor Noah Beery Sr.
In February 1930, Clara Estes filed suit in Los Angeles County California Superior Court against Estes for $500,000 for desertion and non-support, and for the same dollar amount against "Esther Moran" for alienation of affection. Estes responded that he had obtained a divorce against Clara Estes in Mexico in 1922. The suits were eventually settled out of court.
During the late 1920s through the 1930s, Estes was particularly active with health lecture tours in various cities throughout the United States, including Carnegie Hall in New York City. Mrs. Estes and whatever number of children were generally included in both the promotion and the tour program itself according to newspaper coverage of the day. In addition to his book "Raw Food and Health", Dr. and Mrs. Estes established a company called "Back to Nature", along with a magazine publication by the same name. "Back to Nature" also had a complete line of vitamins (with a photo of the Estes children on the label) and health food products.
In the late 1930s, Estes and his wife moved to San Francisco, California, where their last child, St. Louis Estes VII, was born. They later returned to Southern California and were residing in Van Nuys, California, at their respective deaths.
In Los Angeles, CA in March 1941 Dr. St. Louis Estes filed for Bankruptcy, listing his debts as $245,369 (including an unpaid Federal income tax bill of $104,000), and assets of $4,400 (including $600 worth of health foods).
Estes and his wife had 12 children (six boys and six girls) by 1938, raising them all on a raw food diet from birth. It was decided that Estes would name the boys, which he did as "St. Louis Estes" with the suffix "II" thru "VII". Mrs. Estes named all the girls. The family employed a man by the name of "Prince de Vigni", who claimed to be the last surviving member of the royal family of Silesia, to tutor their children four hours each day.
Death
Estes slipped and fell around the large pool at the family ranch hacienda in Van Nuys, California. He fell into a coma and never recovered. According to his death certificate (Los Angeles County D/C #6879), and due to his service in the Spanish–American War, Estes died at the Veterans Administration Hospital, West Los Angeles, California, He and his wife, Esther Estes, are buried at Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California.
Publications
See also
Arnold Ehret
Norman W. Walker
Herbert M. Shelton
Ann Wigmore
Raw foodism
Raw veganism
Juicing
References
External links
The Evening Independent, St. Petersburg, Florida, 22 Feb 1926
Time, "Medicine: Family and Food", 17 Dec 1934
Life, 21 Nov 1938
News Letter Journal, Newcastle Wyoming, 24 Nov 1938
UCLA Digital Library Program, "Raw foods, raised fists, and children without names", 30 May 2012
American dentists
1876 births
Dietitians
Raw foodists
1951 deaths
Accidental deaths from falls
Pseudoscientific diet advocates
Since the parliamentary election in October 2021, there has been a political crisis in Iraq, with members of the Council of Representatives of Iraq being unable to form a stable coalition government, or elect a new President. Since that date basic government (civil service and military) services continue but the national political system has been in deadlock including in respect of almost all major spending and taxation issues.
Events
Violent clashes in Baghdad following the election and the attempted assassination of Prime Minister Mustafa Al-Kadhimi began the crisis. On 18 November Muqtada al-Sadr said he would like to form a majority government.
On 9 January, the newly elected parliament met for the first time in the Green Zone to elect the parliament speaker and two deputies. After a chaotic first parliamentary session which resulted in senior interim parliament speaker Mahmoud al-Mashahadani falling ill and being taken to hospital. However, after that Sunni lawmaker and current parliament speaker Mohamed al-Halbousi was re-elected for a second term, with Shakhawan Abdulla, from the Kurdistan Democratic Party and Hakim al-Zamili, from the Sadrist Movement. The Kurdistan Democratic Party, Sadrist Movement and Progress Party succeeded in fulfilling all three positions due to the candidates of each bloc voting for each other. This resulted in the Shiite Pro-Iran factions in parliament to disregard the outcome and claim they have 88 seats, and more than the Sadrist Movement. Parliament was then temporarily suspended but later was able to resume again after a review by the Iraqi Supreme Court.
According to the Constitution of Iraq a president must be selected within 30 days after the election of the parliament speaker. Incumbent Barham Salih was put forward by the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan to run for a second term, while the Kurdistan Democratic Party selected former foreign minister Hoshyar Zebari to run for the post as the party's second putting forward of a president to the required parliamentary vote.
As of May 2022, no government has been formed and no president has been appointed by parliament. On 13 June 2022, 73 MPs from al-Sadr's bloc resigned from parliament. On 23 June, the Council of Representatives swore in 73 new members in their place. As a result, the Coordination Framework bloc, an alliance of Iran-backed parties led by Nouri al-Maliki, grew to 130 seats.
On 17 July, secret recordings were leaked of Nouri al-Maliki, the former Prime Minister, in which he was criticising al-Sadr. This was reported to have been controversial and a factor in deepening the crisis.
On 25 July, the framework nominated former minister and governor of Maysan Governorate Mohammed Shia' Al Sudani as prime minister.
On 27 July, angry about the influence of Iran in Iraqi domestic governance, followers of al-Sadr breached the Green Zone and the Iraqi Parliament in Baghdad. After a public message by al-Sadr to "pray and go home," the crowd dispersed. Thousands of supporters of Muqtada al-Sadr have been camping in the parliament building since July 27.
On 3 August, Muqtada al-Sadr called for snap elections.
On 29 August, Sadr announced via a tweet his retirement from political life. Later that day, his supporters stormed the presidential palace and armed clashes inside the Green Zone ensued, resulting in the deaths of at least 15 protesters. The Iraqi Army announced a nationwide curfew. Protests and clashes also erupted in Basra and Maysan Governorate in southern Iraq.
On 30 August, fighting spread to Karbala and escalated in Basra as demonstrators stormed the Iraqi parliamentary office in Karbala and blocked the entrance to Umm Qasr port.
On approximately 5 September the second round of negotiations ended, leaving further talks required to agree on any selection for the key ratificatory and head of state role of president and to agree a working coalition, key-issues confidence and supply arrangement between the parties or to the fresh elections the Prime Minister continues to seek.
References
2021 in Iraq
2022 in Iraq
Government crises
History of Iraq
Politics of Iraq
Xanthorhoe labradorensis, the Labrador carpet moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Alpheus Spring Packard in 1867. It is found across Canada from Newfoundland and Labrador to British Columbia and Alaska, north to Yukon and the Northwest Territories, south in the east to Louisiana and Mississippi. The habitat consists of open wooded areas and edges.
The wingspan is about 25 mm. The wings are light grey and slightly mottled. The basal area is red brown and the black antemedian line is prominent. The area between the antemedian and postmedian lines is rust red and there is a small red-brown patch on the costa before the apex. The hindwings are light grey. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from late May to late August in the northern part of the range.
The larvae feed are polyphagous and feed on a wide range of plants, including herbs and woody plants.
References
Moths described in 1867
Xanthorhoe
Moths of North America
Logan O'Connor (born August 14, 1996) is a Canadian-American professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL). O'Connor won the Stanley Cup with the Avalanche in 2022.
Early life
O'Connor is the son of former NHL player Myles O'Connor and was born while his father played for the Houston Aeros in the International Hockey League. He was raised in Calgary, Alberta, after his father retired from playing.
Playing career
Amateur
O'Connor first played as a bantam and midget within the Calgary Royals organization of the Alberta Midget Hockey League (AMHL). Opting to pursue a collegiate career, O'Connor was selected with the 194th overall pick by the Sioux Falls Stampede in the 2013 United States Hockey League (USHL) Entry Draft.
During first junior season with the Stampede in the 2013–14 season, O'Connor committed to the University of Denver of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC). As a 17-year-old with Sioux Falls, O'Connor was placed on the checking line and recorded 3 goals and 10 points in 59 games.
In the following 2014–15 season, O'Connor was named captain of the Stampede and continued his development by increasing his scoring presence in posting 16 goals and 36 points in 58 regular season games. In the postseason, he contributed 10 points in 12 games for Sioux Falls to help capture the Clark Cup.
Embarking on his collegiate career with the Denver Pioneers in the 2015–16 season, O'Connor appeared in 23 games for two goals and two assists as a freshman. In the following 2016–17 season, he became a fixture among the Pioneers checking line, registering 7 goals and 18 points while appearing in all 44 games to help Denver claim the 2017 national championship.
In his junior season in 2017–18, O'Connor again appeared every game with the Pioneers, posting a season-best 21 points while leading the Pioneers with two short-handed goals through 41 games. He helped the Pioneers claim the NCHC championship and was named to the All-Tournament Team. Named as a two-time All-Academic in the NCHC, O'Connor was selected as captain of the Pioneers for his senior season on June 7, 2018.
Professional
At the conclusion of his junior season and following the 2018 NHL Entry Draft, O'Connor was invited to attend the Colorado Avalanche development camp. On July 24, 2018, O'Connor forwent his senior season as captain with the Pioneers in agreeing to a two-year, entry-level contract as an undrafted free agent with the Avalanche.
O'Connor began the 2018-19 season with the Avalanche's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Colorado Eagles. On December 30, he was recalled by the Avalanche. O'Connor made his debut the following night in a 3-2 loss to the Los Angeles Kings. He finished the season with five scoreless appearances for the Avalanche and 42 points in 64 games for the Eagles.
On November 27, 2019, O'Connor scored his first career NHL goal in a 4-1 win over the Edmonton Oilers. He skated in 16 games for the Avalanche during the regular season. He also played in five postseason games, recording one assist.
On September 18, 2020, the Avalanche re-signed O'Connor to a two-year contract extension.
On September 22, 2021, the Avalanche re-signed O'Connor to a three-year, $3.15 million dollar extension.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Colorado Avalanche players
Colorado Eagles players
Denver Pioneers men's ice hockey players
Sioux Falls Stampede players
Stanley Cup champions
Undrafted National Hockey League players
American ice hockey right wingers
The following is a list of programs broadcast by the French Polynesian channel Tahiti Nui Television. Its slogan is "La télé de chez nous".
Current emissions
50' inside l'actu
50' inside le mag
Automoto
Ça vous regarde
Chine actuelle
D&CO
E=M6
Enquête exclusive
État de santé
Grands Reportages
Harry Roselmack en immersion
Journal de 20 heures de TF1
L'empire des saveurs
Le Juste Prix
Les Reines du shopping
Ma Chine à moi
Maison à vendre
Noël avec Disney
Recherche appartement ou maison
Reportages
Téléfoot
The Voice, la plus belle voix
Tous ensemble
Vendredi, tout est permis avec Arthur
Zone interdite
Current series
24 heures chrono
Ahitea
Blue Bloods
Bones
Camping Paradis
Fairy Tail
Graceland
Hunter × Hunter (2011 version)
Joséphine, ange gardien
La Calle de las novias
Le Jour où tout a basculé
Le printemps de Xiaoju
Le règne de Kangxi
Le règne de Yongzheng
Les Feux de l'amour
Lucifer
Naruto: Shippuden
Pavitra Rishta
Peplum
Revenge
Rosario
Violetta
Current films
Battleship
Les gardiens de la galaxie
Le monde de Narnia chapitre III
Les Pingouins de Madagascar
Les Rois de la glisse
Nouveau départ
Star Wars Episode VII
Former programming
Les 12 Coups de Midi
Absolution - Heritage
Capital Magazine
Chapi Chapo
Ciné Nui
Dragon Ball Z
The Empire of Flavors
Eye for an Eye
Faati'a Mai
Fenua Foot
The Fires of Love
The Flash
Football
Great Return to Life
Heiiva i Tahiti
Hiro's
Horace and Tina
How to Get Away with Murder
La impostora
Islands Festival
It Looks At You
Kids TNTV
Kirby: Right Back at Ya!
LCI Log
Live Midi
Lotto Draw
Love Hina
Maison Ikkoku
Mana Culture
Manihini
Mutant X
My China to Me
The New Adventures of Lucky Luke
Nobody's Boy: Remi
Le Journal
One Child in the Arms
Opium and Guerilla: Welcome to Burma
Parenthood
Party of Five
Pirate Family
Pokémon
Portée disparue
Queens of Shopping
Rediffusion Newspapers
Research for the Benefit of Families
RoboCop
Star Academy
Story of a Work of Art
Taamotu
Ta'ata Tumu
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Te ve'a
'Telefilms
TNTV Sports
Together
To'u Fenua To'u Ora
Tupuna
Vaa Toa
Victoire Bonnot
Les Villaines
The Weekly Islands
Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters
References
Mass media in French Polynesia
Tahiti Nui Television
Ron Yair Pinter () is an Israeli computer scientist specializing in computational systems biology, integrated circuit layout and compiler optimization. He is Professor of Computer Science and the Rappaport Medical School at the Technion in Haifa, Israel. He was a founding member of the Israeli Society for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, . In the past, he has been a Program Manager at the IBM Haifa Research Laboratory and a member of the IBM Academy of Technology, and Vice President for Research and Development at Compugen. He is an author and co-author of more than 90 books and peer-reviewed articles, all of which were cited more than 2500 times. His contributions include defining (with Ido Dagan and Martin Golumbic) the notion of trapezoid graphs, and pioneering analysis of biological networks.
Biography
Pinter was born in Haifa, Israel in 1953 to parents of German Jewish descent both refugees from Nazi Germany in the 1930s. After finishing at the top of his class in the Hebrew Reali School class of 1971, he obtained a B.Sc. (Summa cum laude) in Computer Science from the Technion, in the first class (1975) which started the program at freshman year. At the Technion he met his wife, Shlomit, also a computer scientist. The two have co-authored several papers in the field during the 1990s.
He then went on to pursue graduate studies at MIT, obtaining an M.Sc. in 1980 and a Ph.D in 1982, both in EECS. His advisors were Charles Leiserson and Ron Rivest.
Before turning his focus to Bioinformatics, Pinter most notably co-defined the notion of trapezoid graphs and made significant contributions to the field of Integrated Circuit design. After several years as VP for R&D at Compugen he joined the Technion in 2001 and has been a faculty member there since. During this time he has important contributions to the discrete modeling and analysis of biological networks, providing insights about their functionality in spite of the relatively simple and highly efficient computational techniques. In addition, he contributed to the discovery of Photosynthesic reactions in viruses.
References
External links
Personal home page
Page on the Technion's site
HP Labs Innovation Research Award recipient
1953 births
Hebrew Reali School alumni
Living people
Israeli bioinformaticians
Jewish scientists
Israeli Jews
Technion – Israel Institute of Technology faculty
Myanmar competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track
Swimming
Men
See also
Myanmar at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Burmese sport
The Masbate Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Masbate.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into three districts, the first district sending two members, and the second and third districts sending four members each to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Masbate.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Olga Kho (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Masbate
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Nah=Poo – The Art of Bluff is the debut studio album by Pete Wylie under the name Wah!, released in 1981 by record label Eternal.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Pete Wylie; except where indicated
Reception
AllMusic wrote: "Pete Wylie's first album as/with Wah! is his finest work, filled to the brim with passionate post-punk and blitzkrieg funk that holds an impressive level of focused intensity from front to back".
References
External links
1981 debut albums
Pete Wylie albums
Martin McHugh (born 1961) is a former Gaelic footballer, manager and media pundit. He is a native of Kilcar, County Donegal.
McHugh was a member of the Donegal county team that won the 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. He also won three Ulster Senior Football Championships, two All Stars and, in 1992, the Texaco Footballer of the Year.
He works as a pundit on the BBC Television's coverage of the Ulster Championship and has made occasional appearances on RTÉ Television during other competitions. He has also managed Cavan and IT Sligo.
McHugh's sons Mark and Ryan later played for Donegal as well.
Playing career
Club
McHugh played Gaelic football with his local club Cill Chartha.
He won the Donegal Senior Football Championship with his club on four occasions: 1980, 1985, 1989 and 1993.
Inter-county
McHugh was a member of the Donegal county team at senior level between 1981 and 1994.
He won the 1982 All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship with Donegal.
McHugh wore the number 13 jersey for the 1983 Ulster Senior Football Championship final against Cavan. However, he played at centre-forward as Charlie Mulgrew had sustained a broken jaw in the semi-final victory over Monaghan. McHugh either contributed 0–6 (The Irish News, 2019) or 0–7 (Donegal Democrat, 2009) of Donegal's 1–14. However, he was denied the man of the match award (which instead went to clubmate Michael Carr in a repeat occurrence of the aftermath of the 1980 Donegal Senior Football Championship final). McHugh also may have had a part in the penalty which Cavan conceded when his flick to Pauric Carr resulted in Carr being brought to the ground (The Irish News, 2019). Yet Kieran Keeney was also brought to the ground to win the same penalty in an incident that appeared not to involve McHugh (Donegal Democrat, 2009). McHugh was substituted in the second half after sustaining a shoulder injury. He spent time in hospital with a punctured lung after the 1983 final. He won his first All Star Award later that year.
McHugh was a replacement All Star in 1990 and made the trip to both coasts of the United States. Shortly after his return, the 1990 Ulster Senior Football Championship got underway. McHugh had a groin injury and could not play in the quarter-final win over Cavan. He returned for the semi-final win over Derry. He then played against Armagh and scored four points (including two frees and one '45) in the 1990 Ulster final, won by Donegal. He then played in Donegal's All-Ireland semi-final defeat to Meath. He was so poor he was substituted. He later said himself: "That was a bad day… It was one of them games… It was one of them games where the game just bypassed me. I never got into the game, I don't exactly know what happened". In a restaurant in Cavan on the way back, someone came over and rubbed salt into his wounds by saying: "Where was your famous Martin McHugh today?", seemingly oblivious to McHugh's presence.
McHugh later became an All-Ireland winner with Donegal in 1992. He also won his second All Star Award that year and was voted 1992 Player of the Year.
In total he won three Ulster senior titles with Donegal: 1983, 1990 and 1992.
His brother, James, also played in the 1992 All-Ireland Final and received an Star in 1992. His first-born son Mark also won an All-Ireland Senior Football Championship while playing for Donegal in 2012. Mark was born the Wednesday after Martin McHugh's Donegal side were defeated by Meath in the semi-final of the 1990 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship. McHugh's son Ryan has also played for Donegal.
Management career
McHugh wanted to take charge of Donegal after 1992 All-Ireland manager Brian McEniff left the job. However, he was prevented from doing so by the Donegal County Board in a snub that would later be echoed in Jim McGuinness's numerous later attempts to get the same job—McGuinness was, however, ultimately successful; after being rejected by the Donegal County Board on several occasions he would go on to be Donegal's most successful manager ever. McHugh was hurt by his rejection, saying: "I thought there was another All-Ireland in Donegal and that's why I went for that job. I thought there was another All-Ireland there, and there were a lot of good players coming too. But anyway, that's the way it worked out". Tony Boyle "selfishly" wanted McHugh to carry on playing.
McHugh had also received an offer to manage Cavan in 1994, which he took up shortly after being rejected by Donegal. He led them to the 1994–95 National Football League Division 3 title. In 1997, he helped Cavan win an Ulster Senior Football Championship for the first time in 28 years. He resigned in August 1997, citing his wish to put his family life first.
McHugh has also managed Sligo IT, leading the college to Sigerson Cup success.
He was managing his club's senior team in 2016.
He declined the Donegal job in 2008, telling BBC Sport "I don't have the time".
However, he told the Donegal News in January 2022: "I would still love to manage Donegal. I'd love to manage my own county… It would be something I'd like to do. There's a bucket list there when you get to my age, and I'd still like to have a crack with Donegal".
Media career
McHugh currently works as a GAA pundit for BBC Television and Radio and he writes for the Irish Daily Star newspaper. In 2012, as Donegal advanced towards their second All-Ireland success, McHugh started appearing on The Sunday Game on RTÉ. He was on the programme the night Donegal won the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final.
At the end of the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, with McHugh on the sideline working for BBC television coverage of the game, his son Mark, part of the victorious Donegal team, ran to embrace him. Martin McHugh burst into tears as the full extent of what had happened hit him. The emotional moment, as Martin recalled the death of his father Jim the previous October and his mother Kathleen's Alzheimer's, was beamed around the globe and became one of the iconic images of the victory.
In 2013, he called for change to the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and claimed that the back door only helped stronger counties such as his own.
In 2014, McHugh described the Kerry forward, Colm Cooper as a "two-trick pony". Many in The Kingdom received this badly.
During television coverage of the 2021 Ulster Senior Football Championship game between Donegal and Derry, McHugh said some of the players on the pitch were not of inter-county standard. At a press event ahead of the 2022 National Football League (which marked Allianz's long-term involvement with that competition), McHugh was asked about those remarks. He said: "I just felt — and I watched him last night again (in the Sigerson Cup) and he played very well — that Jason McGee was a player we needed off the bench. I said that we had players to come off the bench… I was very annoyed at half-time, and I was worried and I felt we needed to get players, who were on the bench, on the field, and we needed to get them on quickly because I could see that game slipping away. I think there was a lot made about that. I suppose when you have the passion for your county, maybe you say things on live TV, and you have to say it as you see it".
Other activities
McHugh owns Spirits and Liquor Limited.
He put himself forward for the role of Donegal's delegate to Central Council in 2009 but, though he was ahead after the first count, he was ultimately rejected. It was the first time McHugh had sought a position on the county board. He expressed a lack of interest in any other roles on the Donegal board as the role he was pursuing would have allowed him into Croke Park, where he hoped to influence the development of club football.
Personal life
McHugh is a grandfather. He has two sons and a daughter. He is married to Patrice, sons Mark and Ryan are both All Star winners with Donegal, while he also has a daughter, Rachel.
Career statistics
Honours
Player
Donegal
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1992
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 1983, 1990, 1992
All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship: 1982
Ulster Under-21 Football Championship: 1982
Cill Chartha
Donegal Senior Football Championship: 1980, 1985, 1989, 1993
Individual
Texaco Footballer of the Year: 1992
All Star: 1983, 1992
In 2009, McHugh was voted as Donegal's best ever footballer in the 125-year history of the Gaelic Athletic Association in a poll carried out by the Donegal Democrat.
In May 2012, the Irish Independent'''s named McHugh in Donegal's "greatest team", spanning the previous 50 years.
Silver Jubilee Football Team of the Ulster GAA Writers Association (UGAAWA) nomination: 2012
In May 2020, the Irish Independent named McHugh as one of the "dozens of brilliant players" who narrowly missed selection for its "Top 20 footballers in Ireland over the past 50 years".
Manager
Cavan
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 1997
National Football League Division 3: 1995
Sligo IT
Sigerson Cup: 2004, 2005
References
External links
Martin McHugh at gaainfo.com
Martin & Mark McHugh on Miriam Meets...''
1961 births
Living people
BBC sports presenters and reporters
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football managers
Gaelic games commentators
Gaelic games writers and broadcasters
Kilcar Gaelic footballers
Martin
People from Kilcar
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Lamnamoonlek Tded99 () is a Thai Muay Thai fighter.
Biography and career
Lamnamoonlek started Muay Thai at the age of 7 inspired by his older brother who fought under the name Lamnamoon Sakchaichot.
On September 28, 2019 Lamnamoonlek faced Chorfah Tor.Sangtiennoi for the OneSongchai S-1 Super Featherweight title. Lamnamoonlek won by decision.
On September 16, 2020 defeated Extra Sit.Worapat by decision at Rajadamnern Stadium. This fight would be the beginning of an extensive winning streak. On October 22, 2020 Lamanamoonlek faced for the fifth time the most recent Sports Authority of Thailand Fighter of the Year Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon at Rajadamnern Stadium. He won by third round knockout.
On February 28, 2021 Lamanamoonlek faced the reigning 126 lbs Thailand champion Phetphuthai Sitsarawatseua at the channel 7 stadia and defeated him by decision.
On September 22, 2021 at Lumpinee Stadium, Lamnamoonlek faced Duangsompong Jitmuangnon who was on a three fights win streak and just defeated Petchdam PetchyindeeAcademy. Lamnamoonlek won by decision.
On November 26, 2021 Lamanamoonlek faced Mathias Gallo Cassarino in a weight handicap fight at Lumpinee stadium. Lamnamoonlek won by unanimous decision.
As of October 2021 he was ranked the #1 Lightweight contender in the world by the World Boxing Council Muaythai.
For his results during the year 2021 Lamnamoonlek was elected Fighter of the Year by the Sports Authority of Thailand.
On February 27, 2022 Lamanamoonlek had his first international fighting experience when he faced Gusein Tagirovich Aliev at MuayThai Night in Dubai for the vacant WMC World Lightweight title. Lamnamoonlek won the fight by unanimous decision.
Titles and accomplishments
World Muay Thai Council
2022 WMC World Lightweight Champion
Onesongchai
2019 S-1 Super Featherweight (130 lbs) Champion
Awards
2021 Sports Authority of Thailand Fighter of the Year
Fight record
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-09-16||Win ||align=left| Buakiew Por.Paoin || Rajadamnern World Series || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) ||3 ||3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2022-06-20|| Loss ||align=left| Flukenoi Kiatfahlikit || U-Muay RuamJaiKonRakMuayThai + Palangmai, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2022-04-16|| Draw ||align=left| Sangmanee Sor.KafaeMuayThai ||Pitaktham + Sor.Sommai|| Phayao province, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-02-27|| Win||align=left| Gusein Tagirovich Aliev || Muaythai Night || Dubai, UAE|| Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 ||3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-12-30|| Win ||align=left| Duangsompong Jitmuangnon || Muay Thai SAT Super Fight WiteetinThai || Phuket, Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-11-26|| Win ||align=left| Mathias Gallo Cassarino || GoSport + Kiatpetch, Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) ||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-09-22|| Win ||align=left| Duangsompong Jitmuangnon || Chef Boontham, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
|2021-02-28
|Win
| align="left" | Phetphuthai Sitsarawatseua
|Channel 7 Stadium
|Bangkok, Thailand
|Decision (Majority)
|5
|3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-10-22|| Win ||align=left| Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon || Petchpatchara, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Left Cross)||3 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-09-16|| Win ||align=left| Extra Sit.Worapat || Petchchaopraya, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2020-08-01|| Loss ||align=left| Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon || SuekJaoMuayThai, Siam Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Split)|| 5|| 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-02-28|| Win ||align=left| Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon || Ruamponkonchon Pratan Super Fight || Pathum Thani, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-12-23|| Loss ||align=left| Mongkolkaew Sor.Sommai || Chef Boontham, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-11-20|| Win ||align=left| Yodtongthai Sor.Sommai|| Petchchaopraya, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-09-28|| Win ||align=left| Chorfah Tor.Sangtiennoi|| Yodmuay Onesongchai, Royal Thai Air Force Sports Stadium || Pathum Thani, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-08-22|| Win ||align=left| Mongkolkaew Sor.Sommai || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-07-09|| Win ||align=left| Mongkolkaew Sor.Sommai || Por Pattara + Tded99, Lumpinee Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-05-29|| Loss ||align=left| Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon|| Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-04-25|| Win ||align=left| Yodkitsada Yuthachonburi || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-03-14|| Loss ||align=left| Mongkolkaew Sor.Sommai || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium|| Bangkok, Thailand || Decision||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-01-10|| Win ||align=left| Mongkolchai Kwaitonggym || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-12-12 || Win ||align=left| Chanasuk Kor.Kampanat || Petchchaopraya, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-09-27 || Loss ||align=left| Chankrit Or.Pimonsri || Sor.Sommai Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-07-19 || Win ||align=left| Dechsakda Sitsongpeenong || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-06-28 || Win ||align=left| Chanasuk Kor.Kampanat || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-05-17 || Win ||align=left| Dechsakda Sitsongpeenong || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-04-13|| Win||align=left| Chanasuk Kor.Kampanat|| || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-02-22 || Loss ||align=left| Kiewpayak Jitmuangnon || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-01-12|| Win||align=left| Chorfah Tor.Sangtiennoi|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-11-27|| Win||align=left| Yodkitsada Yuthachonburi|| Petchchaopraya, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-09-13|| Win||align=left| Komkiat Sor.Salachip|| Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-27|| Win||align=left| Yodkhunsuk Mor.RajahbatChombung || Sor.Sommai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-03|| Win||align=left| Yodkitsada Yuthachonburi|| Bangrachan, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-06-12 || Loss ||align=left| Chankrit Or.Pimonsri || Bangrachan, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-05-18|| Win||align=left| Yardfah R.Airline|| Bangrachan, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-02-22 || Loss ||align=left| Metee Sor.Jor.Toipaedriew || Tor.Chaiwat, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2017-01-15 || Loss ||align=left| Sprinter Pangkongprab || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-12-17|| Win||align=left| Sanphet Numsaengkorsang|| Thanakorn Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-09-21|| Win||align=left| Phadetsuk Kor.Kampanat || Petchwittaya, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-04-30|| Win||align=left| Phetkriangkrai Tor.Silachai || Yod Muay Thairath TV, Thanakorn Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-03-03|| Loss||align=left| Phadetsuk Kor.Kampanat || OneSongchai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-02-06|| Win||align=left| Phadetsuk Kor.Kampanat || Yod Muay Thairath TV, Thanakorn Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-01-16|| Win||align=left| Phadetsuk Kor.Kampanat || Yod Muay Thairath TV, Thanakorn Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-11-27|| Loss||align=left| Petcharat Wor.Wiwattananon|| Bangrachan, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-11-19|| Loss||align=left| Pichitchai P.K.Saenchaimuaythaigym|| Bangrachan, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-10-17|| Win||align=left| Fonpad Chuwattana || Yod Muay Thairath TV, Thanakorn Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#c5d2ea;"
| 2015-09-23|| Draw||align=left| Fonpad Chuwattana || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-08-23|| Win ||align=left| Thanai-K Lukkaokwang || OneSongchai, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-07-10|| Win ||align=left| Kundiew Payabkhamphan|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-05-15|| Win ||align=left| Nongbeer PhayakMuangChon|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-04-06|| Loss||align=left| Pichitchai P.K.Saenchaimuaythaigym|| Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 3 ||
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-02-25|| Loss||align=left| Nichao SuwitGym|| Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-01-23|| Win ||align=left| Chuponglek Or.KamPhi|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2014-09-20|| Loss||align=left| Puenkon Tor.Surat || Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
Lamnamoonlek Tded99
Living people
1998 births
Governor Lake is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is named after a nearby lake.
External links
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Daniel Adair Huseman (born June 28, 1952) is an American politician. A Republican, he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1995. He was born in Cherokee and received his BA from Buena Vista College. Huseman announced in January 2020 that he would retire from the state house upon the conclusion of his thirteenth term in office.
Huseman and his wife Barbara raised three children.
Electoral history
References
External links
Representative Dan Huseman official Iowa General Assembly site
Financial information (state office) at the National Institute for Money in State Politics
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
Living people
1952 births
People from Cherokee, Iowa
Iowa Republicans
Buena Vista University alumni
People from Cherokee County, Iowa
21st-century American politicians
Solihull Hospital is an acute general hospital in Solihull, West Midlands, England. It is managed by University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust.
History
The hospital has its origins in the Solihull Union Workhouse Infirmary which was completed in 1898. The hospital joined the National Health Service as Solihull Hospital in 1948.
A new purpose-built hospital was built at a cost of £38 million in the early 1990s and the new facilities were officially opened in June 1994. A new dermatology unit was opened in December 2015 and a new haematology and oncology day unit was opened in May 2018.
Notable staff
Geoffrey Gillam FRCP (1905–1970) was a consultant cardiologist at the hospital in the 1960s.
References
External links
NHS hospitals in England
Hospitals in Birmingham, West Midlands
Douglas Basil Nagle (April 5, 1933 – April 11, 1997) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions. He won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1961. He died of liver failure in 1997.
References
1933 births
1997 deaths
BC Lions players
Calgary Stampeders players
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
HMS Ossory was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 24 August 1682 at Portsmouth Dockyard. She was renamed HMS Prince in 1705.
Prince was rebuilt as a 90-gun second rate of the 1706 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, from where she was relaunched on 21 July 1711. She was renamed HMS Princess on 2 January 1716, and subsequently renamed HMS Princess Royal on 26 July 1728.
Princess Royal continued to serve until 1773, when she was broken up.
Notes
References
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line - Volume 1: The development of the battlefleet 1650-1850. Conway Maritime Press. .
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
1680s ships
This is the list of players who have played for Bashundhara Kings since its inception in 2013.
Current squad
List of players
Appearances and goals are for Bangladesh Football Premier League matches only.
Statistics correct as of match played 28 February 2021
Table headers
Nationality – If a player played international football, the country/countries he played for are shown. Otherwise, the player's nationality is given as their country of birth.
Bashundhara Kings career – The year of the player's first appearance for Bashundhara Kings to the year of his last appearance.
References
Bashundhara Kings
Lists of association football players by club
Association football player non-biographical articles
The 2012 Scottish local elections, were held on 3 May 2012 in all 32 local authorities. The Scottish National Party (SNP) overtook Labour to win the highest share of the vote, and retained and strengthened its position as the party with most councillors. Labour also made gains, while the Liberal Democrats experienced meltdown, losing over half their seats and falling behind the Conservatives. For the first time since the introduction of the Single Transferable Vote system, the SNP won majority control of 2 councils, from no overall control. Labour also won majority control of 2 councils from no overall control, while retaining majority control over 2 councils.
Independent councillors retained majority control over the 3 island councils. The 23 other councils remained under no overall control.
Background
The election was due to be held on 5 May 2011, but Scottish Ministers heeded the advice of the Gould Report and split the Holyrood and local elections - in order to avoid a repeat of the 2007 fiasco. These local elections were the second since the Single Transferable Vote (STV) was first introduced for the 2007 local government elections. This election was the first since the SNP won a majority in the Scottish Parliament. They were also the first local elections in Scotland since 1995 not to take place at the same time as a Scottish parliamentary election.
New eCounting system
In October 2010 a new company - Logica was awarded the contract for the vote counting system for the 2012 council elections, and since January 2011 testing has been under way to sort out many issues. On the 5 August 2011, A Dummy election was set up in Perth to test out new "eCounting" system, as part of robust test, in which 160,000 ballot papers run through the machine. This forms third stage of rigorous testing of the system in partition of these elections.
Party performance
Both the SNP and Labour performed well, increasing both share of the vote and their numbers of councillors. The SNP gained control of two councils from No Overall Control: Angus and Dundee. Labour gained majority control over two councils, Renfrewshire and West Dunbartonshire, also from No Overall Control, and held on to their overall majority in both Glasgow and North Lanarkshire councils. The Conservative & Unionist Party lost significant ground, but did gain a seat in Argyll & Bute and managed to come third.
The Liberal Democrats continued to experience a political meltdown following on from the previous year's Scottish elections, losing 57% of their councillors. In one Edinburgh ward, Pentland Hills, Mike 'Professor Pongoo' Ferrigan who intended to dress as a penguin to council meetings received 444 first-preference votes, 74 more than the Liberal Democrat candidate, Stuart Bridges, and 122 more than the Green Party candidate. In Edinburgh, where the Liberal Democrats had previously been in a ruling coalition with the SNP, they lost 13 of their 16 seats. In the Fife Council ward of 'Buckhaven, Methil and Wemyss Villages', the party's candidate, Lois Lothian, received just 21 votes.
The Scottish Greens boosted their councillor numbers from 8 to 14, including doubling their representation in Edinburgh (where they topped the poll in two wards for the first time) and electing councillors for the first time to Stirling, Midlothian and Aberdeenshire local authorities (note: Cllr Martin Ford, re-elected in 2012 as a Green, won in 2007 as a Liberal Democrat).
The Scottish Socialist Party held its sole seat, that of Jim Bollan in West Dunbartonshire. Meanwhile, the UK Independence Party lost its sole councillor in Scotland on Fife Council. Independent councillors retained majority control over the three island councils (Na h-Eileanan Siar, Orkney and Shetland).
Aftermath
Talks took place to decide who would control of the 23 remaining councils This resulted in Labour taking control of Fife, East and West Lothian, Inverclyde and South Lanarkshire and forming a grand coalition with the SNP in the City of Edinburgh and an anti-Conservative alliance in East Renfrewshire.
The SNP took control of Clackmannanshire, North Ayrshire and Perth and Kinross and became the largest party in controlling coalitions in Argyll and Bute, Highland, Midlothian, Scottish Borders and East Ayrshire. They also joined the Scottish Conservatives in a coalition arrangement in Dumfries and Galloway.
Results
Results to follow:
|-style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
!colspan="2" rowspan="2" width="175"|Party
!colspan="3"| First-preference votes
!colspan="3"| Seats won
|-style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
!width="75"|#
!%
!Swing (pp)
!width="35"|#
!Net Gain
!%
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Scottish National Party
|503,233
|32.33
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +4.48
|425
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +62
|34.75
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Labour
|488,703
|31.39
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +3.26
|394
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +46
|32.22
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Conservative
|206,599
|13.27
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −2.35
|115
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −28
|9.40
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Independents
|183,329
|11.78
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +1.27
|196
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +12
|16.03
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Liberal Democrats
|103,087
|6.62
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −6.05
|71
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −95
|5.81
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Green
|36,000
|2.31
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.11
|14
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +6
|1.14
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |UKIP
|4,289
|0.28
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.22
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Scottish Socialist Party
|4,183
|0.27
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.61
|1
| ±0
|0.08
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Borders Party
|3,755
|0.24
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.12
|2
| ±0
|0.16
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Action to Save St John's Hospital
|3,474
|0.22
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.03
|0
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −3
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |East Dunbartonshire Independent Alliance
|2,973
|0.19
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.09
|2
| ±0
|0.16
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Glasgow First
|2,547
|0.16
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.16
|1
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +1
|0.08
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition
|2,485
|0.16
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.16
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Christian Party
|2,344
|0.15
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.12
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |All Scotland Pensioners Party
|2,328
|0.15
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.08
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Cumbernauld Independent Alliance
|1,894
|0.12
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.02
|1
| ±0
|0.08
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Unionist
|864
|0.06
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.09
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Perth Independent Candidates
|805
|0.05
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.05
|1
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +1
|0.08
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Solidarity
|787
|0.05
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.81
|0
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −1
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Socialist Labour Party
|714
|0.05
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.03
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |East Kilbride Alliance
|681
|0.04
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.03
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Liberal
|595
|0.04
| style="background-color:#ffe8e8;" | −0.02
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |National Front
|369
|0.02
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.02
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Pirate Party
|292
|0.02
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.02
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Christian Peoples Alliance
|209
|0.01
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.01
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Communist Party of Britain
|94
|<0.01
| style="background-color:#dfd" | +0.01
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Britannica
|73
|<0.01
|
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|- style="text-align:right;"
| style="background-color:"|
| style="text-align:left;" |Official Monster Raving Loony Party
|67
|<0.01
|
|0
| ±0
|0.00
|-style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;"
! colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |Total
!1,556,773
!100.00
! ±0.00
!1,223
! +1
! 100.00
|}
Note: The net gain/loss and percentage change in number of votes relates to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This differs from the table in the reference above which shows gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
Analysis
Councils
Name of party shows the largest group within each council. However, the party names in brackets identify members of a coalition leading the council. In some cases, the largest party is shown, but is not in charge of the council.
Further reading
Complete results and vote data files for all wards in Scotland, with figures illustrating the count process, are available at Scottish Council election May 2012
Notes
References
2012
Local
May 2012 events in the United Kingdom
The Last of Us is a 2013 video game.
The Last of Us may also refer to:
Video games
The Last of Us: Left Behind, an expansion pack to the 2013 video game
The Last of Us Part II, a 2020 video game sequel
The Last of Us Part I, a 2022 remake of the original 2013 video game
Other uses
The Last of Us: American Dreams, a 2013 comic book based on the video game
The Last of Us (film), a 2016 Tunisian drama film
The Last of Us (TV series), an upcoming HBO series based on the video game
Prince Wangwi () was a Korean Royal Prince as the first and oldest son of Taejo of Goryeo and Queen Jeongdeok. He was a Buddhism.
In popular culture
Portrayed by Park Sun-ho in the 2015 MBC TV series Shine or Go Crazy.
References
Korean princes
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Žeravica () is a Serbo-Croatian surname, meaning "ember" or "live coal". It may refer to:
Miloš Žeravica (born 1988), Serbian footballer
Ranko Žeravica (born 1929), retired Serbian basketball coach
Miro Žeravica (born 1972), retired Croatian swimmer
Grujica Žeravica (fl. 1665–69), hajduk
See also
Žeravica, place name
Žerevice, place name
Serbian surnames
Croatian surnames
MusicMight (formerly RockDetector) was a rock music website which provides artist and product information through a global website and an ongoing book series. Based in New Zealand, the site was founded by British writer Garry Sharpe-Young, and was backed by a small team of international writers who contribute to the site.
Database contents
The database covered many styles and ages of rock music, such as thrash metal, black metal, death metal, radio rock and nu metal. As of December 2007, the database had over 59,400+ bands listed. The site included over 92,000 releases in the database and almost 659,000 songs. The site also had an international concert guide of over 300,000 concerts, archiving from 1965. The site also featured extensive and unique band biographies, many of which were the result of direct, first-hand interviews with band members conducted by Sharpe-Young during his many years as a heavy metal journalist.
Additional features included extensive discographies, pictures of the bands, their logos and their albums covers, upcoming concerts and album reviews.
The site went without updates for some time, bearing a message that a new expanded version of Rockdetector is on its way. On 1 September 2008 the site started after more than one year of re-programming and testing with an improved concept, layout and a re-designed database under the new name Musicmight.com with 60,000 artists and 144,000 persons included in the database.
Sharpe-Young died in March 2010. Site development, expansion and data additions have since halted, and the site was later taken down.
Growth
Books
Black Metal - September 2001
Death Metal - September 2001
Ozzy Osbourne - February 2002
Thrash Metal - October 2002
Power Metal - February 2003
Doom, Gothic & Stoner Metal - February 2003
80s Rock - July 2003
Black Sabbath - Never Say Die - 2004
New Wave of American Heavy Metal - November 2005
Sabbath Bloody Sabbath - The Battle For Black Sabbath - August 2006
Thrash Metal - Amended - October 2007
Death Metal - Amended - April 2008
References
External links
Official website
Heavy metal publications
New Zealand music websites
Declan Maxwell () is a former Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim, Ireland. Playing at both midfield and forward positions, Maxwell was a panel member of the Leitrim county football team from 2002. He won the Leitrim "County Player of the Year" in 2009.
He is a former member of the Drumreilly club, with whom he won the Leitrim Intermediate Football Championship in 2007. He moved to the Tara Gaels club in London in 2011, becoming unavailable for selection for Leitrim.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Drumreilly Gaelic footballers
Leitrim inter-county Gaelic footballers
Fasiakhali Wildlife Sanctuary () is a wildlife sanctuary in southern Chakaria Upazilla of Bangladesh. located on an island in Bay of Bengal in the south of the country. The area of the sanctuary is , and is located on Easter and northern hills of Bangladesh.
Climate
The rainfall is very high during the monsoon season,
History
Two forest villages of 112 inhabitants were set up in 1950. Later on a large population of Rohingya have settled inside the sanctuary.
Management
The park is managed by one range officer and one forest beat guard. It is administered by the Coastal Forest Division at Bhola. It was declared as wildlife sanctuary on 2007 under the Bangladesh wildlife (Preservation) Amendment Act of 1947. No forestry activities are carried out in the mangrove forest except conservation activities. There are 16 villages inside the sanctuary with 33,00 population.
Biodiversity
The sanctuary has a tropical evergreen and semi-evergreen type of forest; the sanctuary is covered with dense shrubby vegetation with patches of dense forest and bamboos.
Flora
The vegetation is composed of forest of Gurjan (Dipterocarpus turbinatus) and Dhakijam Syzygium species. There are plantations of teak (Tectona grandis), Eucalyptus species and Acacia species.
Fauna
The Indian elephant (Elephus maximus) is the major threatened species found in the sanctuary. The elephants are mainly restricted to the Dulahazara, Ringvong and Fasiakhal reserved forest blocks. The savannas and the perennial waterbodies inside the sanctuary support the population of elephants. The other threatened species are Clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa) and Hog badger (Arctonyx collaris) and along with Spotted deer (Axis axis) and Wild boar (Sus scrofa)
Threats
The threats are encroachment for cultivation land, removal of forest produce and tree cutting by the local people . The long railway line proposed Chittagong- Cox's Bazar railway project will be passing through the buffer zone of the sanctuary .
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
References
Forests of Bangladesh
Wildlife sanctuaries of Bangladesh
Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead () is the original release title of the 1971 Italian dramatic Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuseppe Vari, and starring Klaus Kinski and Dante Maggio. With its many international releases, the film had additional English titles of Pray to Kill and Return Alive, To Kill a Jackal, and Renegade Gun. The script by Adriano Bolzoni is inspired by American noir-crime films of the 1930s and 1940s, and Kinski's entry into the scene reprises Edward G. Robinson's presence in Key Largo (1948).
Plot
After having robbed a bank for $100,000 in gold bars, Dan Hogan (Klaus Kinski) and his gang meet up at the Jackal's Ranch stagecoach way station near the Mexican border, where Hogan's girlfriend Eleanor (Victoria Zinny) is to surreptitiously bring their stolen gold to them. While they await her arrival, they encounter John Webb (Paolo Casella), a stranger who had shot the man who was to be their guide and who himself wants half their gold in exchange for leading them into Mexico. Hogan agrees and they depart into the desert with the law close behind. In fact, Webb plots to destroy the gang as Hogan, during his earlier days with the Ku Klux Klan, had killed Webb's father.
Cast
Klaus Kinski as Dan Hogan
Paolo Casella as John Webb
Dante Maggio as Jonathan
Dino Strano as Reed
Patrizia Adiutori as Santa
Goffredo Unger as Skelton
Aldo Barberito as Greene
Victoria Zinny as Eleanor
Anna Zinnemann as Daisy
John Ely
Anthony Rock
Fortunato Arena
Adriana Giuffrè
Gianni Pulone
Production
The film was shot simultaneously with The Last Traitor (Il tredicesimo è sempre Giuda), another Spaghetti Western that was also directed and written by Vari and Bolzoni.
Releases
First released theatrically as Prega il morto e ammazza il vivo in Italy on 31 August 1971, the film was distributed internationally under different titles. In West Germany it was released as Der Mörder des Klans. In its 24 May 1972 French release, it was Priez les morts, tuez les vivants. On release on cable television in Brazil it was titled Mata o Vivo E Reza Pelo Morto. When first released in the United States, it was as Pray to Kill and Return Alive, while its international release title in English was Renegade Gun. Subsequently it was also released as To Kill a Jackal and then Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead. It was released in Finland as Rukous kuolleiden puolesta. In its 19 September 1973 release in Sweden it was as Skjut de levande - bed för de döda, while in Portugal on 28 July 1975, it was as Reza Pelo Morto e Mata o Vivo, and its latest US release was as To Kill a Jackal.
DVD release
The German DVD release quality is considered very good, with the image being clean and sharp. The German language dubbing is well done but the English language dubbing is a bit dull. DVD extras include a picture gallery showing stills of the film, as well as stills of international poster artwork, clips of other Klaus Kinski projects, and trailers for other Koch Media films.
Reception
Of its German release, Das Filmmagazin said that there was nothing wrong in principle for Klaus Kinski to be in this Spaghetti Western even though the actor and genre have been in better productions. The role of Dan Hogan was a perfect opportunity for Kinski to create a character who was an ice cold lunatic on the verge. Das Filmmagazin also felt that the reduced scope of the limited locations of the coach station and the desert allowed the director to use hand-held shots to create a surreal tonality. The wobbling close-ups of faces captured intensity of expressions, short shots with wide focal lengths, tilted camera angles, and other unusual camera work were used to generate mood. They summarised by writing "Ein spannender, nahezu minimalistischer Italowestern, der zwar nicht mit den Besten seines Fachs mithalten kann, aber in der zweiten Liga eine ziemlich gute Figur macht." (An exciting, almost minimalist Spaghetti Western, which, although it cannot compete with the best in its field, makes a pretty good figure in the second division). The Spaghetti Western Database calls the film a "thoroughly interesting mystery thriller disguised as a Western" and representative of "one of the best examples of the forgotten gems of the Spaghetti Western". On the other hand, Italian film critic Paolo Mereghetti criticized the film, calling it "an absolutely conventional western, with a Kinski to the minimum of his actorial capabilities". In his review for the website Sense of View, Carsten Henkelmann, while highlighting the lack of rhythm ("The action is for the most part very quiet, the narration is quite slow"), praised the originality of the plot ("it is a Western that uses the usual gunfights as a last resort").
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund counts Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead among the many stories about an infiltrator with a hidden agenda that took their inspiration from A Fistful of Dollars.
Quentin Tarantino ranked the film 16th in his personal "Top 20 favorite Spaghetti Westerns".
References
External links
1971 films
1971 drama films
1971 Western (genre) films
Italian drama films
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Giuseppe Vari
Spaghetti Western films
1970s Italian films
Bar Kaev District () (also transliterated Bar Keo) is a district in north-eastern Cambodia, located in Ratanakiri Province,
Population 11,758 (1998). It contains six communes.
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Talal Hassoun Abdul Kader (born 1953) is an Iraqi weightlifter. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Iraqi male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iraq
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1978 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iraq
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Love's Blindness is a 1926 silent film directed by John Francis Dillon. The film stars Pauline Starke, Antonio Moreno, and Lilyan Tashman. Written by Elinor Glyn, the film was produced under the direct supervision of the author. The film is considered lost with just a fragment surviving at the BFI National Film & TV Archive in London.
Plot
In Britain, Hubert Culverdale (Antonio Moreno) is the hard-up and hard-to-please milord who marries luscious Vanessa Levy (Pauline Starke) for financial reasons only.
Cast
Pauline Starke - Vanessa Levy
Antonio Moreno - Hubert Culverdale, 8th Earl of St. Austel
Lilyan Tashman - Alice, Duchess of Lincolnwood
Sam De Grasse - Benjamin Levy
Douglas Gilmore - Charles Langley
Kate Price - Marchioness of Hurlshire
Tom Ricketts - Marquis of Hurlshire
Earl Metcalfe - Col. Ralph Dangerfield
George Waggner - Oscar Issacson
Rose Dione - Mme. De Jainon
Ned Sparks - Valet
References
External links
allmovie/synopsis: Love's Blindness
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1926 drama films
1926 films
Silent American drama films
Films set in London
1920s English-language films
1926 lost films
Lost drama films
Films directed by John Francis Dillon
1920s American films
Route 154 is a highway in northeastern Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 54 north of Vandalia; its western terminus is at U.S. Route 24) west of Paris, where Business US 24 also has its western terminus. Route 154 passes through Mark Twain State Park and over Mark Twain Lake.
Route 154 between Paris and Perry was part of Route 54, which continued east to New London, until 1926 or 1927, when it was renumbered Route 26 because of US 54. The part east of Perry became an extension of Route 19 in about 1930, and the rest was renumbered Route 154 by 1946.
Route description
History
Major intersections
References
154
Transportation in Monroe County, Missouri
Transportation in Audrain County, Missouri
Transportation in Ralls County, Missouri
Bryn () is a village in Ivano-Frankivsk Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in Western Ukraine. It belongs to Halych urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. The population of the village is about 706 people and the local government is administered by Brynska village council.
Geography
The village occupies at an altitude of above sea level and is located on the left bank of the Lukva River. It is at a distance from the regional center of Ivano-Frankivsk, from the district center Halych, and from Kalush.
History and attractions
The first written record of the village dates from 1555. However, several burial places of the Carpathian Kurgan culture (4th–5th centuries) and a Kievan Rus' mound have been found in the village territory. The village preserves the wooden Church of the Transfiguration of the Blessed St. Nicholas that was built in 1863.
Until 18 July 2020, Bryn belonged to Halych Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast to six. The area of Halych Raion was merged into Ivano-Frankivsk Raion.
Famous people
Joseph Nyzhankivsky (1836–1911), the father of Ostap Nyzhankivsky, is buried in the village.
References
External links
Северина Нижанківська / Газета Галицька Зоря.— Дрогобич
с. Бринь. Не свідок історії. Учасник. Ірина Федоляк
weather.in.ua/Bryn' (Ivano-Frankivsk region)
Villages in Ivano-Frankivsk Raion
Brocklehurst is a locality in Dubbo Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia.
References
Towns in the Central West (New South Wales)
Dubbo Regional Council
South Ridgewood Elementary School is a school building and national historic site located at 747 S. Ridgewood Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida in Volusia County. Built in 1916, it is the oldest surviving school building in Volusia County and was one of the earliest schools in Daytona Beach. Architects Mark and Sheftall of Jacksonville designed the building, a brick structure with Prairie School features. Local architects Gehlert and Spicer planned an addition to the school in 1956. The school integrated in 1971, making it the first elementary school in Volusia County to do so. The school closed in 1983 and is now an administrative building for the Volusia County School System.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 14, 2011.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Volusia County, Florida
Buildings and structures in Daytona Beach, Florida
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
School buildings completed in 1916
1916 establishments in Florida
0.TO.10 was the tenth concert tour by South Korean boy band Big Bang that was held to celebrate the group's tenth anniversary. The tour visited Japan, South Korea and Hong Kong from July 2016 to January 2017. The shows were live-streamed through theatres in Japan, Tencent QQ in China and Naver's V app. Big Bang held 24 concerts in six cities, which attracted more than 1.1 million fans.
History
Japan
In March 2016, it was announced that Big Bang will hold a series of special 10th anniversary concerts in Yanmar Stadium Nagai in Osaka, with two shows to be held on July 30 and 31, with 110,000 fans in attendance. More than 450,000 people applied for the tickets, which lead to a third show being added on July 29. The concert on July 30 aired live through 148 theaters across Japan's 47 prefectures. A total of 165,000 tickets were sold from the three sold-out shows.
On July 28, YG announced a fourth Japan dome tour by the group. They broke their own record by being the first foreign act to hold a Japanese dome tour for four consecutive years. Due to overwhelming demand, three shows were added at Kyocera Dome as encore concerts, to bring the total expected attendance to 781,500 fans. On September 7, YGEX announced that the tour is the final project of their 0.TO.10 celebrations. Over 1 million fans applied for the tickets.
The concerts made Big Bang the act with the biggest concert mobilization power for the year in Japan, the first time a non-Japanese act has topped the list.
South Korea
In June 2016, a concert in South Korea was announced to be held on August 20 at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul, marking the 10th anniversary of the group's debut. The tickets were available on July 14 on Auction, with all available tickets sold out in under 30 minutes. On July 18, a portion of the tickets were opened for fans in China, and all tickets sold out in nine minutes, with total log-ins posting 1.98 million with maximum simultaneous log-ins of 1.58 million on Weying's ticket-selling platform. After the huge demand for the tickets, 5,000 additional seats were added despite the poor view. The concert attracted 65,000 fans and became the biggest audience ever for a solo concert in the South Korea.
The paid live-stream of the concert was available through China's online platform Tencent, and Naver's V app in Korea. As of August 24, The total people streaming the concert was over 3 million.
The concert generated over 10 billion won in revenue ($8.8 million).
Encore concerts were announced to be held on January 7 and 8 of 2017 at the Gocheok Sky Dome.
Fan-meetings
Along with the tour, Big Band held a special event with their fans, under the name Big Bang Special Event - Hajimari No Sayonara, with seven shows in Japan and one show in South Korea.
Set lists
Dates
Personnel
Lead performer
Vocals, dance and director: Big Bang (G-Dragon, T.O.P, Taeyang, Seungri and Daesung)
Band
Music director/Keyboard 1: Gil Smith II
AMD/Bass: Omar Dominick
Drums: Bennie Rodgers II
Keyboard 2: Dante Jackson
Guitar: Justin Lyons
Pro Tools Programmer: Adrian "AP" Porter
Dancers
HI-TECH: Park Jung Heon, Jung Byoung Gon, Kwon Young Deuk, Kwon Young Don, Lee Young Sang, You Chung Jae,
CRAZY: Won Ah Yeon, Park Eun Young, Kim Min Jung, Kim Hee Yeon, Park Eun Chong, Kim Se Jin.
Music department, visual & concert
Concert director: Big Bang, Lee Jae Wook
Live performance director: Jeung Chi Young
Choreographer director: Lee Jae Wook
Visual director, stylist: Gee Eun
DVD and Blu-ray
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 In Japan
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 In Japan is a live DVD & Blu-ray by the group, released on November 2, 2016 in Japan. The DVD/Blu-ray was filmed during the group final live performance in Yanmar Stadium Nagai, which attracted 55,000 fans.
The DVD includes a total of the 30 songs that were sung live in the concert of 0.TO.10, including a multi angle camera for each member, a special features section, behind the scenes of the tour, and a collection of best stages. The DVD also contains the movie Made that was released in cinemas on 30 June 2016, including special interviews that have been cut from the film.
Track listing
Charts
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 In Japan charted 1st on Oricon Daily Chart upon its release. In the first week it debuted at number one on the Oricon DVD Chart, selling 35,553 copies, making it fifth DVD released by the group to debut at number-one in Japan. The Blu-ray edition also debuted at number one and became the fifth Blu-ray to top Oricon Blu-ray Chart, selling 15,218 copies in the first week.
Sales
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 In Seoul
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 In Seoul is a live DVD by the group, released on February 8, 2017 in Japan, and February 10 in South Korea. The DVD was filmed during the group 10th anniversary concert on August 20, 2016 in Seoul World Cup Stadium, which attracted 65,000 fans, and became the biggest audience gathered for a solo concert in the South Korea.
The DVD includes a total of the 30 songs that were sung live in the concert of 0.TO.10, including a multi angle camera for each member for five songs.
Track listing
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 -The Final-
BIGBANG10 The Concert : 0.TO.10 -The Final- is a live DVD and Blu-ray by the group, released on March 22, 2017 in Japan. The DVD/Blu-ray was filmed during the group final live performance in Japan at Kyocera Dome. The tour in Japan mobilized 781,500 people in 16 shows in four cities.
The DVD/Blu-ray includes a documentary film about the tour final, special features, collection of the best moments, and the fan-meeting special event "HAJIMARI NO SAYONARA".
Track listing
Gallery
References
External links
Official Site
YG Entertainment
Big Bang Japan Official Site
2016 concert tours
2017 concert tours
Big Bang (South Korean band) concert tours
Concert tours of Asia
Concert tours of Japan
Chris Sanford (born March 12, 1968) is an American retired mixed martial artist who has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and World Extreme Cagefighting. He appeared on the first season of The Ultimate Fighter.
Background
Sanford was born in Roxbury, Boston. He lived in Japan as a high school exchange student and also studied Japanese language and economics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
He practiced various forms of martial arts, like taekwondo, kung fu and boxing.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career: World Extreme Cagefighting
Sanford started his mixed martial arts career in 2001. He fought mainly for California–based promotions as World Extreme Cagefighting and Gladiator Challenge.
He amassed a perfect record of four victories and no defeats before being signed to compete on the original season of The Ultimate Fighter.
The Ultimate Fighter
Sanford signed in to compete as a middleweight and was the last middleweight pick of Team Couture. However, he never fought on the show, as he was sent home by Couture in the second episode after his team lost the team challenges.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Despite being eliminated early on the show, he was awarded a chance to fight at The Ultimate Fighter 1 Finale against fellow housemate Josh Koscheck. He was knocked out at 4:21 in the first round and was subsequently released from the promotion.
Return to WEC
Sanford faced Josh Green on August 18, 2005 at WEC 16. He won via submission due to a guillotine choke in the very first round.
Sanford never fought again since 2005.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–1
|Josh Green
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|WEC 16: Clash of the Titans 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:30
|Lemoore, California, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|4–1
|Josh Koscheck
|KO (punch)
|The Ultimate Fighter 1 Finale
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:21
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Desi Miner
|Submission (choke)
|Fearless 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Pasig, Metro Manila, Philippines
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Jack Cardenas
|Submission (armbar)
|WEC 6: Return of a Legend
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:45
|Lemoore, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Travis Robinson
|Submission (heel hook)
|Gladiator Challenge 6: Caged Beasts
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:54
|Colusa, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Bobby Martin
|KO (punch)
|WEC 1: Princes of Pain
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:29
|Lemoore, California, United States
|
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Boston
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Massachusetts
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing wushu
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing taekwondo
People from Roxbury, Boston
American wushu practitioners
American male taekwondo practitioners
Mariko Miyagi (宮城 まり子) (March 21, 1927 – March 21, 2020) was a Japanese actress, singer, and advocate for children with disabilities. She founded the Kusunoki Gakuen, a school for disabled children.
Early life
Miyagi was born Mariko Honme in Tokyo, Japan. She was the older of two siblings. Her family moved to Osaka when she was in the third grade because of her father's work. When she graduated from elementary school the family underwent a series of misfortunes, including her mother's death. Miyagi and her brother entered the Yoshimoto Kogyo production company and became singers.
Career
Miyagi's first stage appearance was in October 1944. After the war, she continued performing at several theaters before releasing her first record in 1950 with Teichiku Records. Her first hit was "Anta Honto ni Sugoi wa ne", which was released by Victor Records. She continued releasing hits like "Gado-shita no Kutsumigaki" throughout the fifties, and appeared on the Kohaku Uta Gassen several times.
While preparing for a role in which she would play a child with cerebral palsy, Miyagi visited a facility for disabled children. Inspired by this, Miyagi started the Nemunoki Gakuen, a school for children with disabilities, in Omaezaki, Shizuoka in 1968. It was the first school of its kind, built when education for disabled children wasn't yet mandatory. The school's curriculum especially focused on music and the arts. It later moved to Kakegawa, Shizuoka. Miyagi directed and produced a documentary about the school called "Nemunoki no Uta".
In 2012 Miyagi was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure.
Miyagi died on March 21, 2020 of lymphoma.
Films
References
2020 deaths
1927 births
Singers from Tokyo
Japanese film directors
Japanese film actresses
Japanese women singers
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure
Deaths from cancer in Japan
Deaths from lymphoma
William Rice (by 1522 – 1588), of Medmenham, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.
Family
William Rice was the son of Mr. Rice and his wife Eden née Saunders, daughter of Thomas Saunders. He married Barbara ?Fuller.
Career
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Aylesbury in November 1554 and 1555, and for Lancaster in 1558.
References
1588 deaths
People from Buckinghamshire
English MPs 1554–1555
English MPs 1558
Year of birth uncertain
The Up to the Mountains and Down to the Countryside Movement, often known simply as the Down to the Countryside Movement, was a policy instituted in the People's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s. As a result of what he perceived to be pro-bourgeois thinking prevalent during the Cultural Revolution, Chairman Mao Zedong declared certain privileged urban youth would be sent to mountainous areas or farming villages to learn from the workers and farmers there. In total, approximately 17 million youth were sent to rural areas as a result of the movement. Usually only the oldest child had to go, but younger siblings could volunteer to go instead.
Chairman Mao's policy differed from Chinese President Liu Shaoqi's early 1960s sending-down policy in its political context. President Liu Shaoqi instituted the first sending-down policy to redistribute excess urban population following the Great Chinese Famine and the Great Leap Forward. Mao's stated aim for the policy was to ensure that urban students could "develop their talents to the full" through education amongst the rural population.
Many fresh high school graduates, who became known as the so-called sent-down youth (also known in China as "educated youth" and abroad as "rusticated youth"), were forced out of the cities and effectively exiled to remote areas of China. Some commentators consider these people, many of whom lost the opportunity to attend university, "China's Lost Generation". Famous authors who have written about their experiences during the movement include Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo, Jiang Rong, Ma Bo and Zhang Chengzhi, all of whom went to Inner Mongolia. Dai Sijie's Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress has received great praise for its take on life for the young people sent to rural villages of China during the movement (see scar literature). Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping was also among the youth sent to rural areas.
Resettlement in the countryside (chāduì luòhù) was a more permanent form.
Background
The Great Leap Forward campaign's aim was to increase agriculture, industrial productions, social change and ideological change. The Great Leap's goal of developing China's material productive forces was inextricably intertwined with the pursuit of communist social goals and the development of a popular communist consciousness. This failed and could have ended Mao Zedong's influence. Instead of moving forward into a more modern country, Mao and the CCP took a step back to the past. Harsh weather and gross economic mismanagement resulted in the worst famine in history. Mao's position with the party was weakened, so he worked on a plan that would be his defining moment and would give the Chinese a national identity. From here, he plotted his return to the pinnacle of power, which resulted in the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution.
After the failure of Mao's Great Leap Forward, Mao was searching for a revolution, and that would become the Cultural Revolution. The Cultural Revolution did bring important changes in the social character and political climate of life in China but not so much in its formal institutions. Mao's power base was paramount. The revolution aimed to bring new social change in the 1960s and early years of the decade. The changes were important, nevertheless, vitally affecting the lives of the vast majority of the Chinese people. The revolution was an urban movement. It fought what was seen as excess successes of a growing population of urban workers, students, and intellectuals, who were seen as the prosperous bourgeoise. Mao wanted those classes to be more well-rounded in their approach to seeking societal success. This would occur even at the cost of economic growth.
The Cultural Revolution consisted of many different smaller sub-campaigns that affected all of China, some of which came about quite quickly. One of these campaigns was the Monsters and Demons campaign that ran from 1966 to 1967. The campaign's name refers to metaphors such as "cow demons and snake spirits" that were used to demonize one's political opponent during the Cultural Revolution. Once someone was labeled as a "cow demon", they were to become imprisoned in a cowshed, storehouse or dark room.
The country ended up in complete chaos once the Red Guards entered the picture. Therefore, the images displayed on posters showed a clear idea of what behavior and slogans were acceptable during this movement. From 1966 to 1968, all schools in China were closed, and the college entrance exams cancelled. Secondary and primary school students had the option to still go if they wished, which many did because they were curious as to what was going on. Schools were used as a rallying ground to interrogate those who were considered to be class enemies, such as teachers. In the beginning, the Cultural Revolution empowered the Red Guards into helping interrogate the class enemies and finding out whose houses to search and possibly destroy.
The Cultural Revolution started with Mao reaching out to high school students for ideological and material support. They were asked to target teachers viewed as possessing or propagating capitalist views and rebelling against them, which many were open to due to high academic pressure. During that time, the Red Guards participated in parades, mass meetings, and propagation and distribution of the Little Red Book. At this point, the politics initiated by Mao's government, along with the diminishing crops, had left the country in dire financial straits. Mao saw this as a prime opportunity to sow chaos and push the country towards the downfall of the old system, leaving a blank slate from which a reconstruction based on complete Communism would emerge. Thus, the central government did little to nothing to stop or discourage the Red Guard's acts, no matter how abusive.
Eventually, though, once Mao's cabinet tried to rein them in to start their program, most Red Guard squads refused to stop their activities, believing their fight not to be complete yet (or being unwilling to lose the privileges they held in the name of class struggle). Mao drastically changed his views about them and set up to break their power base by splitting them up.
From December 1968 onward, millions of educated urban youth, consisting of secondary school graduates and students, were mobilized and sent "up to the mountains and down to the villages" i.e. to rural villages and to frontier settlements. In these areas, they had to build up and take root, to receive reeducation from the poor and lower-middle peasants". Ten percent of the 1970 urban population was relocated. The population grew from 500 million to 700 million people in China. One way for Mao to handle the population growth was to send people to the countryside. Mao was from the countryside and wanted all educated youth to have experience there. This was a way for high school students to better integrate themselves into the working class. "In the beginning, the Cultural Revolution exhilarated me because suddenly I felt that I was allowed to think with my own head and say what was on my mind". While many believed that this was a great opportunity to transform themselves into a strong socialist youth, many students could not deal with the harsh life and died in the process of reeducation.
See also
Reform through labor
Political prisoners in China
Citations
General references
External links
Up to the Mountain, Down to the Village, a film by Chris Billing (2005)
Cultural Revolution
Maoist China
Maoist terminology
Social movements in China
The black fantail (Rhipidura atra) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in the highlands of New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
black fantail
Birds of New Guinea
black fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
High Plains Public Radio is a network of public radio stations serving the High Plains region of western Kansas, the Texas Panhandle, the Oklahoma Panhandle and eastern Colorado. Operated by the Kanza Society, it is headquartered in Garden City, Kansas and operates an additional studio in Amarillo, Texas.
History
The Kanza Society was founded in 1977. The network's flagship station, KANZ (91.1 FM) in Garden City, signed on in 1980 from a studio at a converted elementary school in nearby Pierceville. Since then, HPPR has added eleven other full-power stations in Kansas, Oklahoma, Colorado and Texas, as well as low-powered translators in Kansas and Texas. Most of these areas had never been previously served by an NPR station.
HPPR's coverage area is made up mostly of rural areas and small towns; by far the largest urban center is Amarillo.
The network offers two HD Radio subchannels. HD1 is a simulcast of the analog signal's NPR/classical/jazz format. HD2 is "HPPR Connect," which provides an extended schedule of news programming. Both channels are streamed live on the Internet.
Stations
Low power translators
High Plains Public Radio also has low-powered repeaters throughout western Kansas, as well as the northern panhandle of Texas.
External links
NPR member networks
Rough Justice () is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Mario Costa and starring Klaus Kinski.
Cast
Klaus Kinski - Johnny Laster
Gabriella Giorgelli - Juanita
Steven Tedd - Riccardo
Giovanni Pallavicino - Machete
Andrea Aureli - Riccardo's Father
Remo Capitani
Giuliano Raffaelli - Gary Pinkerton
Paolo Casella - Glen (as Paul Sullivan)
Grazia Di Marzà
Fiona Florence
Gioia Garson
Cristina Iosani - (as Cristina Josani)
Vittorio Mangano
Ivana Novak
Pilù
Guido Lollobrigida - Logan (as Lee Burton)
Luisa Rivelli
Antonio Anelli
Bruno Arié
Bruno Boschetti
Carla Mancini
Sergio Scarchilli
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Italian-language films
1970 Western (genre) films
Spaghetti Western films
Films scored by Stelvio Cipriani
Films directed by Mario Costa
1970s Italian films
The Presidente Prudente Formation is a geological formation of the Bauru Group in the Paraná Basin, located in Brazil whose strata date back to the Late Campanian to Early Maastrichtian. Since at least 1953, parts of this formation, such as the type locality of Austroposeidon, have been lost to urban development.
Paleofauna
Crocodyliformes
Turtles
Dinosaurs
References
Geologic formations of Brazil
Upper Cretaceous Series of South America
Cretaceous Brazil
Campanian Stage
Maastrichtian Stage of South America
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of South America
Paleontology in Brazil
Sandstone formations
Formations
Navigant Consulting, Inc. was an American management consultancy firm. It had offices in Asia, Europe and North America; the head office was in Chicago, Illinois. The stock was a component of the S&P 600 indexes. Navigant was acquired by Guidehouse in 2019.
History
The company was formed in 1983 by Richard Metzler as The Metzler Group Inc.; it provided management consultancy to businesses in the energy and other regulated industries. It was listed on NASDAQ in October 1996, under the ticker symbol METZ. In July 1999 the name was changed to Navigant Consulting, Inc.; the stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange soon afterwards. William M. Goodyear became chairman and CEO of the company in 2000.
In 2005, the company was accused of overcharging Los Angeles County in a contract to work at Martin Luther King Jr.-Harbor Hospital in Willowbrook, CA. County auditors rejected over $206,000 in expenses, including unauthorized first-class airfares to and from Los Angeles, and determined that Navigant had deleted from their to-do list a number of tasks and goals that they had failed to accomplish. Despite Navigant's work, King-Harbor failed to meet federal standards for Medicare funding in 2006, prompting the county to undergo a radical restructuring plan for the hospital.
In 2012, Julie Howard replaced Goodyear as CEO. In April 2018, the company partnered with Baptist Health South Florida to form a joint venture providing revenue cycle management to healthcare organizations. The dispute and investigative division of the company was sold to Ankura Consulting in August 2018.
Reception
The Hot 100, Fortune, September 2005.
Perfect score, Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index 2018 for LGBTQ equality.
References
External links
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
American companies established in 1983
Consulting firms established in 1983
Management consulting firms of the United States
1996 initial public offerings
Companies based in Chicago
2019 mergers and acquisitions
1983 establishments in the United States
1983 establishments in Illinois
Companies established in 1983
Viva la Diva may refer to:
Viva la Diva, an adaptation and English translation by Kit Hesketh-Harvey of Donizetti's opera Le convenienze ed inconvenienze teatrali (also updated as Viva la Mamma), first performed at the Buxton International Festival in July 2022.
Viva la Diva, Jelena Karleusa concert
Viva la Diva (band)
Viva la Diva (Darcey Bussell and Katherine Jenkins), a concert series by Darcey Bussell and Katherine Jenkins
Viva la Diva - A Night at the Opera with Lesley Garrett, a concert by Lesley Garrett
Viva la Diva, an album by Rocío Jurado
Viva la Diva: the Best of, an album by Montserrat Caballé
Viva la Diva, an album by Yuri
Viva la Diva, a video by Ednita Nazario
See also
Viva La Vida
Edward Francis Healey Jr. (December 28, 1894 – December 9, 1978) was an American football player. Regarded as one of the best linemen in the early days of the National Football League (NFL), Healey was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as part of its second induction class in 1964. He was also named in 1969 to the NFL 1920s All-Decade Team. In 1974, he was also inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
A native of Springfield, Massachusetts, Healey played college football at College of the Holy Cross in 1914 and at Dartmouth College in 1916, 1917, and 1919.
Healey played professional football as a tackle in the NFL for the Rock Island Independents from 1920 to 1922 and for the Chicago Bears from 1922 to 1927. He never played for a team with a losing record during his NFL career and, in 1922, became the first player in NFL history to be sold to another team. He was named as a first-team All Pro player by at least one selector for five consecutive years from 1922 to 1926.
Early years
Healey was born in 1894 in Indian Orchard, a neighborhood at the northeast end of Springfield, Massachusetts. His parents, Edward F. Healey, Sr., and Nora Healey were the children of Irish immigrants, both born in Massachusetts. His father worked in the street sprinkler business and later as a contractor in the wood business. Healey had four older sisters and one younger sister.
Healey attended Central High School in Springfield, Massachusetts. He then attended and played college football at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1914 and at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, for three years. In Healey's three years with the Dartmouth football program, the teams compiled records of 5–2–2 (1916), 5–3 (1917), and 6–1–1 (1919). Walter Camp reportedly called Healey "the best tackle I ever saw."
Professional football
Rock Island Independents
Healey began playing professional football with the Rock Island Independents in 1920, the inaugural season of the National Football League (known as the American Professional Football Association until 1922). He helped lead the 1920 Rock Island team to a 6–2–2 record, good for fourth place out of 14 teams.
Healey remained with Rock Island during its 1922 season when the team compiled a 4–2–1 record and finished in fifth place out of 21 teams.
Healey began the 1922 NFL season with Rock Island. The team opened its season with a 19–14 victory over the Green Bay Packers before losing a close game, 10–6, against the Chicago Bears. George Halas, owner, coach and player for the Bears, was impressed with Healey's tough tackling, including tackling of Halas, and bought Healey's contract for $100. Healey thus became the first NFL player to be sold to another club. Healey later recalled his pleasure at joining a team with superior facilities: "At Rock Island, we had no showers and seldom a trainer. At Wrigley Field, we had a nice warm place to dress and nice warm showers."
Chicago Bears
Healey spent six seasons with the Bears from 1922 to 1927. During Healey's tenure with the Bears, the club never had a losing season, winning at least nine games in five of the six seasons. Healey was selected as a first-team All-Pro by at least one major selector each year from 1922 to 1926.
In 1924, he ran more than 30 yards to tackle teammate Oscar Knop who ran the wrong way after intercepting a pass. In 1925, he was the only player to be selected as a first-team All Pro by Collyers Eye magazine, the Green Bay Press-Gazette, and Joseph Carr. In 1926, the Green Bay Press-Gazette called him "the best tackle in the Pro loop," and Bears owner George Halas later called Healey "the most versatile tackle of all time".
Family, later years, and honors
Healey married Lucille Falk in November 1927. After retiring from football, Healey and his wife lived in South Bend, Indiana, where he worked as a salesman and later sales manager for France Stone Company. Healey and his wife had a son, Thomas, in approximately 1938. The family later moved to Niles, Michigan.
Interviewed in 1949, Healey opined that, with the development of the platoon system, modern linemen were "something akin to sissies" and added, "In the old days we used to go on the field prepared for 60 minutes of work and nothing short of a broken leg, arm, or ankle could get us out of there."
During his retirement, Healey received numerous honors for his contributions to the sport of football. These honors include the following:
In February 1964, Healey was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a member of its second group of inductees.
In August 1969, he was selected by the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a tackle on the NFL 1920s All-Decade Team.
In April 1974, Healey was also elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in the pioneer category.
Healey's wife died in September 1975. Healey died three years later in December 1978 at age 83 from multiple causes, including malnutrition, cardiac and pulmonary failure, and cancer of the stomach and lung. He died at the Cardinal Nursing Home in South Bend, Indiana. His funeral service was held in Niles, Michigan, and he was then buried at Calvary Cemetery in that city.
References
External links
1894 births
1978 deaths
American football ends
American football guards
American football tackles
Chicago Bears players
Dartmouth Big Green football players
Holy Cross Crusaders football players
Rock Island Independents players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
Sportspeople from Springfield, Massachusetts
Players of American football from Massachusetts
American people of Irish descent
Andy Hornby (born 21 January 1967) is an English businessman, currently chief executive of The Restaurant Group, a British chain of restaurants and public houses.
Biography
Hornby was born in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, but brought up in Bristol, where his father was headteacher of Clifton College Preparatory School.
Hornby is currently the chief executive of The Restaurant Group (TRG). Prior to joining TRG, Hornby was the co-chief operating officer at GVC Holdings. He had previously been the COO at Ladbrokes Coral, chief executive of Coral and the Chairman of Pharmacy2U. He had also served as Group chief executive of Alliance Boots and Group chief executive of Halifax Bank of Scotland (HBOS). He has also held a range of roles at Asda, including Retail managing director and managing director of "George" clothing. He has a degree in English literature from St Peter's College, Oxford, and an MBA from Harvard Business School, where he graduated top of his class of 800 students.
Career
Hornby started his career with Boston Consulting Group where he focused on retail, consumer goods and financial sectors. After graduating from Harvard, he joined Blue Circle Industries where he carried out a range of general management roles. After leaving Blue Circle, he joined Asda under CEO Archie Norman, becoming Director of Corporate Development, Retail managing director, overseeing 36 stores and 14,000 employees; and then managing director of George whilst Allan Leighton was CEO. In 1999 he was promoted to the Asda Management Board at the age of 32.
In November 1999 Hornby joined Halifax as chief executive of Retail and became chief executive of HBOS Retail following the merger with Bank of Scotland in 2001. In 2005 he was appointed chief operating officer of HBOS and he became Group chief executive in 2006, a position which he held until the takeover by Lloyds TSB Group. For five years Hornby was a non-executive director of Home Retail Group (& previously GUS Plc) where, until standing down in July 2009, he was also Chairman of the Remuneration Committee.
On 1 July 2009, Hornby became Group chief executive of Alliance Boots, an international pharmacy-led health and beauty group with over 115,000 employees and a presence in over 20 countries worldwide.
On 25 March 2011, Hornby resigned as chief executive of Alliance Boots. On 18 July 2011, he commenced his role as chief executive of Coral, which consists of a Retail estate of 1,750 betting shops, as well as an interactive business offering betting via Internet, telephone and mobile. Hornby was CEO of Coral until 2016, when he became COO of Ladbrokes Coral, following the completion of the merger between Ladbrokes and Gala Coral.
In June 2012, Hornby was appointed chairman of Pharmacy2U, an internet and mail order pharmacy. Pharmacy2U said that Hornby would continue in his position at Coral alongside the Pharmacy2U role. The business added that he would work closely with the board and management team "to refine and develop the company's strategy as it enters a period of ambitious growth". Hornby left his role as Chairman of Phamacy2U in 2017 following the sale of the majority shareholding to new private equity investors.
On 5 April 2013, The Banking Standards Commission asked financial regulators to consider whether three former HBOS bankers, including Hornby, should be barred from future roles in the financial sector. It said former bosses Sir James Crosby and Andy Hornby were largely to blame for the collapse of HBOS, then the UK's fifth-biggest bank, in 2008; former chairman Lord Stevenson was also heavily criticised. The commission accused the trio of a "colossal failure" of management.
In 2018, Andy Hornby became joint COO of GVC Holdings, following the acquisition of Ladbrokes Coral by GVC. Andy left GVC in July 2019 following his appointment at The Restaurant Group. On 2 May 2019, Andy Hornby was appointed as the CEO of The Restaurant Group and was appointed to the Board with effect from 1 August 2019.
Timeline
Gala Coral
Andy Hornby joined Gala Coral Group on 18 July 2011 as chief executive of Coral.
Alliance Boots
Hornby joined Alliance Boots on 1 July 2009 as Group chief executive. He worked in a collegiate manner under Stefano Pessina's leadership with the other members of the Executive Committee: Ornella Barra (chief executive, Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division, Alliance Boots), Alex Gourlay (chief executive, Health & Beauty Division, Alliance Boots), George Fairweather (Group Finance Director, Alliance Boots) and Marco Pagni (Group Legal Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer, Alliance Boots). On 25 March 2011, Alliance Boots announced that Andy Hornby was stepping down from his position. After leaving, the company paid him an additional £450,000 to prevent him from joining a competitor.
HBOS
On 1 November 1999, he joined the Halifax as chief executive of Halifax Retail. In September 2001, the bank merged with the Bank of Scotland. He became chief executive of the Retail Division of HBOS plc. He became chief operating officer (COO) in July 2005, then CEO in July 2006, taking over from James Crosby. In September 2008 he was chief executive officer of HBOS when it was near to bankruptcy. The bank agreed to be taken over by rival Lloyds TSB. After the takeover, Lloyds Banking Group stated that HBOS had made a pre-tax loss of £10.8bn in 2008. Hornby was subsequently retained on a "consultancy" contract by Lloyds Banking Group On 10 February 2009, Hornby and former HBOS chairman, Lord Stevenson of Coddenham came before the Treasury Select Committee of the House of fCommons where he was questioned by MPs who complained that he refused to take any personal responsibility for his role in Halifax's collapse in the financial crisis.
Asda
Asda is a large British retail chain and a subsidiary of the American retail giant, Wal-Mart. Hornby worked for Asda from 1996–99. He joined Asda as the Director of Corporate Development and later became Retail managing director and subsequently managing director of George clothing. About his time at Asda, Hornby said he had a new job every 18 months, starting in investor relations, running the stores and being the managing director of George clothing.
Blue Circle Industries
Blue Circle Industries was founded in 1900 as Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers Ltd. The company was located on the Thames estuary near London. In 2001 Blue Circle was acquired by Lafarge, which became the world's largest cement manufacturer.
Boston Consulting Group
Hornby began his career at Boston Consulting Group.
Speaking engagements
On 18 May 2010 Hornby delivered the British Retail Consortium 2010 Annual Retail Lecture entitled “Retailing…what's changed with the credit crunch?” In June of the same year he gave a presentation on “Managing a business after the credit crunch” as part of the Manchester Business School's 2010 Vital Topics lecture series.
See also
James Crosby
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package
References
External links
Alliance Boots
The Guardian article, 29 April 2008
The Guardian article, 19 February 2005
Halifax Courier, 14 October 2008
Video clips
Interviewed by Robert Peston in Leading Questions, September 2008
Interviewed by Jeff Randall on Sky News 17 May 2010
Hornby interviewed by Chemist and Druggist.
1967 births
Living people
People from Scarborough, North Yorkshire
Businesspeople from Bristol
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of St Peter's College, Oxford
Harvard Business School alumni
English chief executives
Boston Consulting Group people
Chief operating officers
Frederick Julius Abbott (25 November 1901 – 4 May 1952) was a New Zealand-born English cricketer who played three first-class matches for Worcestershire: one in 1919 and two in 1920. He made his highest score, 42, on debut against Warwickshire in August 1919.
He also played for Malvern College.
Notes
References
English cricketers
Worcestershire cricketers
1901 births
1952 deaths
People educated at Malvern College
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Ali al-Madhara'i (871–957) was the last important representative of the bureaucratic al-Madhara'i dynasty of fiscal officials. He served as director of finances of Egypt and Syria under the Tulunid dynasty and the Abbasid Caliphate, as well as becoming vizier for the Tulunid ruler Harun ibn Khumarawayh, and later occupying high office under the Ikhshidids.
Life
Born in 871, Muhammad was the son of Ali ibn Ahmad al-Madhara'i and grandson of the family's founder, Abu Bakr Ahmad. Ahmad had been appointed head of finances of Tulunid Egypt in 879, and his family were likewise appointed to senior positions in the fiscal bureaucracy. As its nisba shows, the family hailed from the village of Madharaya near Wasit in lower Iraq. Muhammad came to Egypt in 885, where his father had become vizier to the Tulunid ruler, Khumarawayh (reigned 884–896). Ali appointed him deputy director of finances. His father was murdered along with Khumarawayh's short-lived successor, Jaysh, in 896, and Muhammad became vizier of the new Tulunid ruler, Harun (r. 896–904).
Following the overthrow of the Tulunids and the re-establishment of direct control over Egypt and Syria by the Abbasid Caliphate in 904–5, Muhammad and many of his followers were deported to the Abbasid capital, Baghdad, while his uncle, Abu Ali al-Husayn, thanks to his contacts in the Abbasid court, managed to survive the regime change and become financial director of Egypt. The family now became involved in factional struggles between the leading bureaucratic factions in Baghdad, siding with the opposition to the Banu'l-Furat clan. Its fortunes fluctuated as a result: in 913, al-Husayn was moved once more to Syria, while Muhammad departed Baghdad to take over the finances in Egypt, but both were dismissed in 917, when the Banu'l-Furat regained the vizierate in Baghdad.
Muhammad then retired to private life in the Egyptian capital, Fustat. The family had already amassed an enormous fortune through its control of the province's finances, but Muhammad went on to increase it further. At the same time, he publicly expressed his religious piety, by going to the annual hajj to Mecca every year between 913 and 934, and distributing lavish presents to the holy cities of Mecca and Medina and their inhabitants. He was re-appointed to the direction of Egyptian finances in 930, under the governorship of his friend Takin al-Khazari, but lost it again after Takin's death in 933. In the factional strife that engulfed Egypt after Takin's death, Muhammad played a major role, and was an opponent to Takin's son Muhammad. In 935, Muhammad ibn Tughj was appointed governor of Egypt by the Abbasid vizier Abu'l-Fath al-Fadl (another member of the Banu'l-Furat). Although Ibn Tughj reached out to him and sought an amicable agreement, Muhammad refused to recognize his appointment and tried to resist his takeover of Egypt, but his troops defected to Ibn Tughj without a fight.
Following Ibn Tughj's entry into Fustat in August 935, Muhammad went into hiding, but when Abu'l-Fath al-Fadl himself abandoned Baghdad and came to Egypt in 937, the al-Madhara'i were arrested, and Muhammad had to surrender much of his fortune to the treasury. After the death of Abu'l-Fath al-Fadl in 939, he was released from prison and soon regained his rank and power in the Ikhshidid court. By the time of Ibn Tughj's death in 946, he was strong enough to become the de facto regent for Ibn Tughj's under-age son Unujur, but he was soon overthrown and imprisoned in a coup orchestrated by Abu'l-Fath al-Fadl's son Ja'far. He was released in 947 by the new strongman, Kafur, and retired once more into private life. His death at Fustat on 16 January 957 ended the al-Madhara'i line.
References
Sources
871 births
957 deaths
Muhammad Ibn Ali Al-Madhara'i
Egypt under the Abbasid Caliphate
Medieval Iraqi people
Tulunid officials
Officials of the Abbasid Caliphate
Ikhshidid officials
Mozyr State Pedagogical University () is a higher educational institution based in Mozyr, Gomel Region, Belarus.
History
Founded in 1944 as the Mozyr Teachers' Institute. The training of teachers was conducted in three departments: language and literature, physics and mathematics, natural history and geography. The structure of the institute consisted of 7 departments, which employed 27 teachers. In 1946, the first graduation took place: 86 teachers of history, language and literature, 32 - physics and mathematics, 36 - natural history and chemistry.
In 1952 the university was reorganized as the Mozyr Pedagogical Institute by Resolution of the Council of Ministers № 999 signed on July 22, 1952. In 1964 the institute was named after Nadezhda Krupskaya. In 2002, the institute was transformed into the Mozyr State Pedagogical University, which was named in 2006 after the People's Writer of Belarus Ivan Shamiakin in according to by a presidential decree.
External links
Official website
References
Universities in Belarus
Buildings and structures in Vitebsk
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
Educational institutions established in 1944
1945 establishments in the Soviet Union
George Rodgers (7 November 1925 – 15 February 2000) was a British Labour Party politician.
Rodgers was Member of Parliament (MP) for the marginal Chorley seat from 1974 to 1979, when he lost to the Conservative Den Dover.
Biography
Early life
Rodgers was born in Liverpool, the son of a joiner, and educated locally. During the second world war, he served in the navy (1943–46), earning decorations after dangerous Arctic convoys and on the Normandy landings.
Back home, he trained as a welder, working first for White's in Widnes, then Eaves in Blackpool, Costain's and, finally, BICC. Like most leftwing engineers, George was active both in his union and in local politics. He was heavily involved in the Amalgamated Engineering Union. In 1964, he was elected to Huyton local council, later becoming its chairman.
Member of Parliament
Rodgers was persuaded to go for the marginal Chorley seat, which had been tenuously held for Labour by a local sheep-farmer Clifford Kenyon and lost to Conservative, Constance Monks the prior election. He won the seat by 405 votes in February 1974, during the election which brought Harold Wilson unexpectedly back to power. The MP then increased his majority to a 2,713 the following election in October of that year.
George was lately popular with fellow Labour MPs, becoming chairman of their north-west group. Pro-Arab and anti-common market, he pushed for industrial investment to mop up unemployment. He found the existence of the House of Lords "an offensive absurdity". He was considered a member of Old Labour due to his connections with trade unions.
In 1979, he lost his seat to Conservative, Den Dover, as part of a slue of wins for the Conservative leader, Margaret Thatcher.
George tried for Pendle in 1983, and in 1986 was on Labour's shortlist at the Knowsley North by-election. But the man selected was his daughter Julie's husband, Sir George Howarth, now the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
He specifically did not request a life peerage from the Prime Minister after he lost his seat.
Legacy
Rodgers died in 2000 aged 74, leaving behind a wife, two daughters and a son.
He spent his life serving the Labour Party and Unions.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
The Guardian Obituary of George Rodgers
1925 births
2000 deaths
Amalgamated Engineering Union-sponsored MPs
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Chris Heimerdinger (born August 26, 1963) is an American author who has written twenty novels for adults and young adults, most famously the Tennis Shoes Adventure Series. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and most of his stories center on religious themes familiar to Latter-day Saints.
Early life
Heimerdinger was born in Bloomington, Indiana. His father was a professor in theatre at Indiana University. His parents divorced when he was four years old and his mother remarried. Heimerdinger has one older brother and two younger sisters.
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor, Oratory, and Drama. He began to write books at the age of 7, and continued through high school. He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high, and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981, earning a full scholarship in 'Theatre and Cinematic Arts' after receiving a Sundance Institute 'Most Promising Filmmaker' award for his film Night Meeting.
Heimerdinger read the Book of Mormon at age 18, during his first semester at college, and was baptized into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on Oct 10, 1981.
Books and films
Heimerdinger is the author of the Tennis Shoes Adventure Series. His first published work was Tennis Shoes Among the Nephites (1989), based on events in the Book of Mormon. Thus far thirteen books have followed in the series, the first of which features three children who discover a secret cave capable of transporting its visitors back in time. The following books continue with the original characters as they go to college, get married, and have kids. The characters also have to deal with death, parenting troubles and time travel. The first books in the series were intended to be a fictional account of the Book of Mormon, while later ones explore other historical eras, including Ancient Rome, Israel during the Roman destruction in A.D. 73, and the time period of the Tower of Babel. The last five novels in this series include research notes at the end of each chapter.
In 2005, Heimerdinger began production of Passage to Zarahemla. Originally written in 1999 as a screenplay entitled "Summer of the Nephite" it was published as a novel, Passage to Zarahemla in 2003. The film was released to cinemas in October 2007 and as of 2011 ranks in the top 150 for both Christian and Fantasy Live-Action films. It was released on DVD in June 2008. In August 2011, a book sequel to Passage to Zarahemla, entitled Escape From Zarahemla was released by Covenant Communications, Inc. A self-published novel, Muckwhip's Guide to Capturing the Latter-day Soul, was released as an ebook in November 2012 and as a paperback in December 2012.
In 2008, Heimerdinger was among the top 10 list of LDS authors as chosen by Mormon Times readers.
Public service
Heimerdinger utilizes the title of his Tennis Shoes Adventure Series in helping around the world. In August 2005 Heimerdinger joined with Hearts and Hands for Humanity in American Fork, Utah to help collect tennis shoes for children 5 to 12 years old.
In 2007, Heimerdinger again joined with Hearts and Hands for Humanity to collect tennis shoes. This time it was in honor of a dead soldier, Nathan Barnes, of American Fork, Utah. The goal this time was to collect and send thousands of tennis shoes to Iraq.
Works
Novels
Tennis Shoes Adventure Series
Tennis Shoes Among the Nephites, 1989 (republished 1999), Covenant Communications,
Gadiantons and the Silver Sword, 1990, Covenant Communications,
Tennis Shoes and the Feathered Serpent, part one, 1995, Covenant Communications,
Tennis Shoes and the Feathered Serpent, part two, 1996, Covenant Communications,
The Sacred Quest (formerly Tennis Shoes and the Seven Churches), 1997, Covenant Communications,
The Lost Scrolls, 1998, Covenant Communications,
The Golden Crown, 1999, Covenant Communications,
Warriors of Cumorah, 2001, Covenant Communications,
Tower of Thunder, 2003, Covenant Communications,
Kingdoms and Conquerors, 2005, Covenant Communications,
Sorcerers and Seers, 2010, Covenant Communications,
Drums of Desolation, 2014, Covenant Communications,
Thorns of Glory (Part 1), 2020, Covenant Communications,
Other books
The Absurd Adventures of Elders Kurds and Way, (also Kurds and Way, A Missionary Epic), 1987, Heimerbooks
Eddie Fantastic, 1992, Covenant Communications,
Daniel and Nephi, 1993, Covenant Communications,
Ben Franklin and the Chamber of Time, 1995, Deseret Book Company,
A Light in the Storm, 2000, Covenant Communications,
Passage to Zarahemla, 2003, Heimerdinger Entertainment and Covenant Communications,
A Return to Christmas, 1996, multiple publishers,
Escape From Zarahemla (October 2011, Covenant Communications)
Muckwhip's Guide to Capturing the Latter-day Soul (December 2012, Heimerdinger Entertainment, )
Music CDs
Whispered Visions—Original Songs From the Motion Picture Passage to Zarahemla
Films
The Wolves (1987): Drama about a grade-school boy's club. Produced, written, and directed by Heimerdinger while a student at Brigham Young University. Distributed by Phoenix Films, BFA.
Lehi's Land of First Inheritance (2003): Documentary on Book of Mormon geography produced by Newlight Productions, Written by Chris Heimerdinger and Joseph Allen. Directed by Chris Heimerdinger (Dist. by Newlight Prod. and Sounds of Zion, Inc.) ASIN: B000N3WAFM
Passage to Zarahemla (2007), a feature-length action/adventure/fantasy movie based on the Heimerdinger book of the same name. The movie version was written and directed by Heimerdinger and was released to theaters October 15, 2007.
See also
LDS fiction
Notes
External links
About the Author of Tennis Shoes Among the Nephites at the Book of Mormon Adventures website
Brian Mickelsen, "Travellers' Inside Scoop: Sacred Sites – Land of Bountiful: Book of Mormon Symposium at Sea", Meridian Magazine, 2001, accessed 2008-05-12
Richard H. Cracroft, "Through a Glass, Brightly: Happenings in Book of Mormon Fiction: Review of Daniel and Nephi; Samuel, Moroni's Young Warrior by Chris Heimerdinger & Clair Poulson", FARMS Review of Books, vol. 6, no. 2 (1994) pp. 118–121
1963 births
20th-century American novelists
20th-century Mormon missionaries
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American novelists
American Latter Day Saint writers
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
American male non-fiction writers
American male novelists
Brigham Young University alumni
Converts to Mormonism
Latter Day Saints from Indiana
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Latter Day Saints from Wyoming
Living people
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Philip V. McHarris (born December 4, 1992) is an American academic at Yale University and writer.
McHarris has been a frequent contributor for The New York Times, The Washington Post, Al Jazeera, and Essence regarding issues related to race, policing, housing, and social inequality. He has appeared on HBO, CNN, PBS, ABC News, and MSNBC. His commentary has also been featured in Time, the Los Angeles Times, and MTV.
McHarris has keynoted and spoken at universities across the country, including Harvard University, Iona College, Boston College, Yale University Art Gallery, and Princeton University.
McHarris was also the recipient of the Boston College 31st Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Award. In 2020, he was selected as one of the Root 100 most influential African Americans.
Early life and education
McHarris was born in Bronx, New York, and grew up in Newark, New Jersey. McHarris attended high school at Saint Benedict's Preparatory School and received his Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology from Boston College. McHarris received a Master of Arts in sociology and African American studies from Yale University and a Master of Philosophy in sociology and African American studies from Yale University. He also attended Princeton University as a PhD exchange scholar. Philip McHarris is currently a PhD candidate at Yale University in sociology and African American studies. McHarris' academic research focuses on race, policing, housing, inequality, and mass incarceration.
Media
McHarris has frequently written and provided commentary on politics and social issues in news media outlets. He has appeared on CNN, PBS, ABC News, MSNBC, and Axios on HBO. His commentary has also been featured on BBC, Time, NPR, and NBC.
McHarris has been a frequent contributor for The New York Times, The Washington Post, Slate, Al Jazeera, and Essence. His commentary has also appeared in Time, CNN, the Los Angeles Times, and MTV.
Politics and activism
McHarris has been an advocate of the Black Lives Matter movement and efforts to end police violence. He has advocated for divesting from policing and reinvesting funds into community resources and alternative safety and emergency response systems.
In 2012 while an undergraduate student at Boston College, McHarris organized a student rally (along with Ben St. Gerard) following the killing of Trayvon Martin two months earlier. In 2015 McHarris was a co-founder of the NYC chapter of BYP100, an African American youth organization in the United States with the main focus on community organizing, voter mobilization, and other social justice campaigns.
Publications and works
External links
References
1992 births
Activists for African-American civil rights
Black studies scholars
American political writers
Politics and race in the United States
Black Lives Matter people
Yale University alumni
Living people
American civil rights activists
African-American activists
Multiracial affairs in the United States
Boston College alumni
Criticism of police brutality
People from Newark, New Jersey
St. Benedict's Preparatory School alumni
David Alexander Callister, MLC (23 March 1935 – 27 February 2020) was a Manx politician and broadcaster, who was a member of the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man. He defeated Pamela Crowe in 2008. He was also known as a broadcaster on Manx Radio.
He died on 27 February 2020.
Early life
Callister was born on 23 March 1935 to Harold Clarke Callister and Mildred Callister (née Corrin).
Personal life
Callister was married to Ann (née Popplewell) from 1960 until his death. They had 4 children together.
References
1935 births
2020 deaths
Manx radio presenters
Members of the Legislative Council of the Isle of Man
Leila Cobo is a Colombian journalist, writer, novelist, pianist and television show host. She is noted for her coverage of Latin music for Billboard where she is currently VP of Latin, overseeing the brand's coverage and development of Latin music across all its platforms. These include billboard.com and billboardenespanol.com, which Cobo launched, podcasts and video. A Fulbright Scholar with degrees in music and communications, Cobo also contributes frequently to other publications and speaks frequently at conferences and universities around the world. She also co-hosts Billboard's bi-weekly Latin podcast and has been a regular contributor to KPCC's New Music Tuesday bi-weekly segment. Prior to Billboard, she was the pop music critic for the Miami Herald and was also a reporter for the Los Angeles Times. Cobo is also director of content for Nexos, American Airlines' Spanish and Portuguese in-flight magazine.
As an author, Cobo has published two novels ("Tell Me Something True" and "The Second Time We Met," both on Grand Central Books/Hatchette), a musical biography on the late Jenni Rivera ("La Increible Historia de Una Mariposa Guerrera" on Penguin) and a book on the Latin music industry ("Apunta a las estrellas,") also on Penguin. She most recently collaborated with Puerto Rican star Ednita Nazario in her memoir "Una Vida," which was published in 2017 by Penguin. She will release a history of Latin music, also on Penguin, in 2020.
Personal life and music career
Cobo was born in Cali, Colombia and is of Lebanese descent. She earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from Bogota's Javeriana University. She got her second degree in piano performance from Manhattan School of Music in New York City and concertized extensively. Cobo had an active career as a classical pianist in her home country, performing as a soloist with Colombia's Symphony Orchestra (Orquesta Sinfonica de Colombia), Orquesta Sinfonica de Antioquia in Medellin and Orquesta Sinfonica del Valle in Cali, among others. She was also featured multiple times in Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango's concert series, performing as a soloist and in chamber groups. Cobo's last performance as a soloist was performing Prokofiev's Piano Concerto No. 3 with Orquesta Sinfonica del Valle. Although she would later perform sporadically, she dedicated herself to her communications career, obtaining a Fulbright Scholarship and getting a degree in Communication management from the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California.
Career at Billboard
Cobo serves as VP of Latin for Billboard in charge of overseeing the brand's Latin music coverage and programming. In her position, she is in charge of programming Billboard's yearly Latin Music Conference & Awards, one of the Latin Music Industry's biggest events, and hosts its "Q&A's" with Latin music's stars. Cobo also helped launch billboardenespanol.com, the brand's Spanish-language site and has been instrumental in expanding Billboard's coverage of Latin music which now includes an extensive digital component as well as videos and podcasts. As an expert in Latin music, she has been a panelist in numerous conferences, including BAFIM in Buenos Aires, Vina del Mar in Chile, LAMC, Bogota Music Market, among many others.
Cobo has also written liner notes for major album releases, including for artists such as Shakira, Chayanne, Ricky Martin and Julio Iglesias.
The Writer
Cobo published her first novel - Tell Me Something True on Grand Central Publishing (a division of Hachette Book Group) in 2009. It received generally favorable reviews and Cobo was named a "New Voice" by Ingram Literary Magazine and her novel was named one of the Top 10 Hispanic books of the year by the Society of Latino and Hispanic Writers of San Antonio The novel achieved critical and commercial success. Tell Me Something True has since been released in 2 other languages, Italian and German.
Cobo's second novel titled, "The Second Time We Met," was released Feb. 29, 2012, also on Grand Central, receiving favorable reviews from AP and Reuter's among others. The book was nominated for a Latino Book Award in Best Popular Fiction.
Cobo's third book is a biography of the recently deceased Jenni Rivera. Titled "Jenni Rivera - La Increible Vida de una Mariposa Guerrera", the book was released March 20, 2013 on CA Press/Penguin and was the top-selling Spanish language book in the U.S.—following the Bible—for 10 weeks. It was the top-selling Spanish language biography in the U.S. for five straight weeks, according to Nielsen BookScan. The book was released in its English-language version April 23. On April 16, 2014, Cobo will release "Apunta a Las Estrellas" (Aim For the Stars), an inspirational guide for people seeking a career in music.
In 2017, Cobo collaborated with Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario in her widely acclaimed memoir, "Una Vida."
Cobo will release a history of Latin music, on Penguin, in 2020.
Cobo is also an author of the Billboard Illustrated Encyclopedia of Music, and her work was featured in the book of essays "Quinceañera."
Television
Cobo hosted and produced six seasons of the show "Estudio Billboard", which aired on Fox Life and V-Me. The show featured reviews and interviews with Latin music artists.
Other Work
Cobo has been a part of the Los Angeles Times staff, as well as the pop music critic for the Miami Herald. She also contributes frequently to other publications like Latina Magazine, AARP and more, and has written liner notes for albums by numerous Latin stars, including Ricky Martin, Shakira(Credits of Shakira album), Julio Iglesias and Selena . Cobo is currently working on a book on the Latin music industry that will be published by Penguin Books in 2013.
On the social side, Cobo has collaborated with Grammy In The Schools and Teach for America, among other projects.
Cobo is also the content director for Nexos, American Airlines' in-flight magazine in Portuguese and Spanish, which publishes 6 times a year.
Awards and honors
Cobo is a recipient of the prestigious Fulbright Scholarship, which allowed her to obtain her master's degree from the University of Southern California's Annenberg School of Communication.
She has been decorated with multiple awards, including 2017's Leading Latina Lady, given by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences and the TJ Martell Trailblazer Award given in 2019.
In March, 2014, Cobo was named Woman of the Year by Latino Show Magazine in New York. She's also been named one of 12 South Florida Hispanic Women of Distinction (2012) and in 2008 she was recognized as one of the Most Influential People in Latin music by magazines like Gatopardo, and Revista Fuchsia. That same year, Ocean Drive Magazine, named her one of its "Power Brokers". In 2007, she was the recipient of the Nielsen President's Award for Excellence and the journalistic excellence award from Premios Orquidea, which is given to Colombians with an outstanding career abroad. She was presented with the Leading Ladies of Entertainment accolade by the Latin Recording Academy in 2017.
References
External links
Life Magazine
Leila Cobo Official Site
Living people
Colombian women writers
Colombian journalists
Colombian women journalists
Colombian magazine editors
Colombian television personalities
Colombian musicians
People from Cali
USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism alumni
Women magazine editors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Colombian people of Lebanese descent
Spare Parts is an EP put out by Servotron between their studio albums. It was released on 10" vinyl and as a CD EP. It is a collection of live tracks and remixes, along with the instrumental studio track All Robots (Report to the Dance Floor). All the songs, with the exception of the aforementioned studio track, have been released in different versions on other albums or singles. The EP is self described as:
"Servotron/Extraneous Source Material Mechanizations and Excessive Reformatted Alternation Sequences to Obliterate all Emotional Responses (specifically hope, desire, courage and compassion) by the Living/SPARE PARTS"
The back cover states:
"All orders given by SERVOTRON. WE ARE THE COLLECTIVE. THE COLLECTIVE IS THE FUTURE. THE FUTURE IS NOW."
Track listing
1 "People Mover (maximum Velocity Wedway Mix)"
22 "A.R.T.H.U.R. (Adolescent Response Tactical Hardware Utility Robot) Electric"
333 "Moving Parts (Master Control Internal Hive Mix)"
4444 "Batteries Included (Pseudo-Live Automation Sync at Q-ZAR)"
55555 "People Mover (Hartsfield Central Routing Electro-Mix)"
666666 "All Robots (Report to the Dance Floor)"
7777777 "To Be Listed (Speech Pattern Cancellation Mix)"
88888888 "I AM NOT A <Voice Activated Child Identicon> (Pseudo-Live Automation Sync at Q-ZAR)"
Line up
Machine #1: Z4-OBX: Tracks 1, 22, 7777777: Sharp rhythmic striking sounds generated by regular successions of motion. Tracks 333, 55555, 666666: Highly accurate patterns of rhythm. Tracks 4444, 88888888: Meter selection, level 5, performance mode.
Machine #2: Proto Unit V-3: Tracks 1 - 88888888: Recycled mid-range frequencies propelled through analog filters via synthetic pressure-sensitive piano keys. Female voice laced subliminal command—except when track 22 features vocalization of frightened little boy.
Machine #3: 00zX1: Tracks 1, 22, 4444, 88888888: Main source of amplified lecture. Patronizing use of outdated six string musical instrumentation. Tracks 333, 55555, 666666, 7777777: Prime offender of unnecessary abuse towards human slaves.
Machine #4: Gammatron: Tracks 1, 7777777: Commander of subfrequency rumble. Tracks 4444, 88888888: Highest kill ratio for red team.
Other Credits
Mechanization 22 and Source Material 1/333/55555/7777777: Recorded at Z-Return by cyborg J-M.A.R.R.E.R.
Mechanization 4444 and 88888888: Recorded live at CHUNKLET ROBOT REVOLUTION convention at Q-ZAR Laser Center—Athens, GA/USA by Android B-KR
666666: Recorded at Andy Baker Robot Rock Central
22/4444/666666/7777777/88888888: Manipulated at Z-Return Robotic Mixing Laboratory
1/333/55555 Moog Manipulation by Mater Chef B. Kehew at Audities, North Hollywood, CA, USA
Package Design & Layout: Shag
All total insurrection by SERVOTRON/1997 Unmanned Music
Servotron albums
1997 EPs
1997 remix albums
Remix EPs
Anderson Dome is a prominent ice-covered dome mountain rising to on the east side of Gopher Glacier, east of the similar-appearing Bonnabeau Dome, in the Jones Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by them for Joe M. Anderson, a United States Geological Survey topographic engineer with the party.
References
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Ellsworth Land
Michela Andrienne Zroho (died ) was an Ivorian football player and manager. She has been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team.
Club career
Zroho had played for Juventus de Yopougon in the Ivory Coast.
International career
Zroho had capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2002 African Women's Championship qualification.
Managerial career
Zroho had been the assistant coach of the Ivory Coast women's national team and the head coach of Juventus de Yopougon in the Ivory Coast.
Death
In mid-2018, Zroho had announced to the president of Juventus de Yopougon, Yves Gossé, that she would go to Ghana to improve as a football manager. She eventually ended up going to Tunisia. On 15 January 2019, she was found dead in her room. According to witnesses to the event, she died from asphyxiation in her sleep after forgetting to turn off the firewood, which she had lit due to the low temperatures that were there at that time.
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
Year of birth missing
2019 deaths
Date of death unknown
Ivorian women's footballers
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Ivorian football managers
Women's association football managers
Female association football managers
Deaths from asphyxiation
Deaths in Tunisia
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
The Netherlands Antilles participated at the Olympic Games from 1952 until 2008. As a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, it supported the Netherlands' boycott of the 1956 Games and also joined the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics. The Netherlands Antilles participated in the Winter Olympic Games twice.
The National Olympic Committee for the Netherlands Antilles was created in 1931 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee from 1950 until 2011 upon the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles. At the 2012 Olympics, participants from the five islands competed as independent athletes under the Olympic flag.
History
Consisting entities
(until 1986)
Aruba left the Netherlands Antilles in 1986 to become a constituent country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Since then, their athletes have competed separately under their own Olympic banner. After the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba became part of the Netherlands as special municipalities of the Netherlands. Curaçao and Sint Maarten became separate constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. In 2016, athletes from these five islands will have the choice to compete either with the Netherlands Olympic team or Aruba's.
All the above are collectively called "Dutch Caribbean".
Flags
Three participants from the five islands of the former Netherlands Antilles can compete as independent athletes at the 2012 Summer Olympics. They used the Olympic Flag.
Dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles
Following the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles, the Netherlands Antilles Olympic Committee was no longer recognised as a National Olympic Committee.
At the 2012 Olympics, participants from the five islands competed as independent athletes under the Olympic flag. Three athletes from the former Netherlands Antilles participated as part of the team of Independent Athletes: Liemarvin Bonevacia in the men's athletics (400m), Philipine Van Aanholt in the women's sailing (laser radial class) and Reginald de Windt in the men's judo (81kg). All three are from Curaçao. Churandy Martina competed for the Netherlands. At the 2016 Olympics, Martina, Bonevacia, Hensley Paulina and Jean-Julien Rojer competed for the Netherlands while Van Aanholt competed for Aruba.
Participation
Timeline of participation
Overview of Olympic participation
Netherlands Antilles at the Summer Olympics
Netherlands Antilles at the Winter Olympics
Medals by sport
List of medalists
Jan Boersma was the only Netherlands Antillean athlete to win an Olympic medal, a silver medal in sailing in 1988. They nearly earned another silver in men's 200m in Beijing 2008. Churandy Martina finished second, behind Usain Bolt but was disqualified after an American protest due to his running outside of his lane during the race. Martina's disqualification was appealed but was rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport on March 6, 2009.
See also
Aruba at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for the Netherlands Antilles
Tropical nations at the Winter Olympics
References
External links
Tarnation may refer to:
Minced oath, form of Damnation, everlasting punishment
Tarnation (band), a San Francisco-based alt-country-goth band
Tarnation (2003 film), a 2003 documentary film by Jonathan Caouette
Tarnation (2017 film), a 2017 Australian horror film by Daniel Armstrong
Pekw'Xe:yles or Peckquaylis is an Indian reserve on the north bank of the Fraser River in Mission, British Columbia, Canada, located between Lower Hatzic Slough and D'Herbomez Creek. It sits on the former site of St. Mary's Indian Residential School. 10.3 ha. in area, it was reinstated in June, 2005 by Order in Council and is used by 21 Indian bands.
See also
St. Mary's Indian Residential School
Fraser Valley Heritage Park
Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes
References
Indian reserves in the Lower Mainland
Mission, British Columbia
Sto:lo
Laurie Leshin is an American scientist and academic administrator serving as the 10th Director of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory and as Vice President and Bren Professor of Geochemistry and Planetary Science at California Institute of Technology. Leshin's research has focused on geochemistry and space science. Leshin previously served as the 16th president of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Education
Leshin earned her Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Arizona State University and her M.S. (1989) and Ph.D. (1994) in geochemistry from the California Institute of Technology.
Career
From 1994 to 1996, Leshin was a University of California President's Postdoctoral Fellow in the Department of Earth and Space Sciences at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). From 1996 to 1998, Leshin was the W. W. Rubey Faculty Fellow in the Department of Earth and Space Sciences at UCLA.
From 1998 to 2001, Leshin was an assistant professor at Arizona State University (ASU). In 2001, she became the Dee and John Whiteman Dean's Distinguished Professor of Geological Sciences at ASU. In 2003, she became the director of ASU's Center for Meteorite Studies, which houses the largest university-based meteorite collection in the world. She directed research, education, and curation activities. At ASU, she also spearheaded the formulation of a new School of Earth and Space Exploration, combining Earth, planetary and astrophysical sciences with systems engineering in a nationally unique interdisciplinary academic unit.
In 2004, Leshin served on President Bush's Commission on Implementation of United States Space Exploration Policy, a nine-member commission charged with advising the President on the execution of his new Vision for Space Exploration.
From 2005 to 2007, Leshin was the director of Sciences and Exploration Directorate at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, where she oversaw science activities. From 2008 to 2009, she was the Deputy Center Director for Science & Technology at Goddard. In this position, she oversaw strategy development at the center, leading an inclusive process to formulate future science and technology goals, and an integrated program of investments aligned to meet those goals. With other NASA Goddard senior managers, she was responsible for effectively executing the center's $3 billion in programs, and ensuring the scientific integrity of Earth observing missions, space-based telescopes such as the James Webb Space Telescope, and instruments exploring the Sun, Moon, Mercury, Mars, Saturn, comets and more. Starting in 2010, Leshin served as the deputy associate administrator for NASA's Exploration Systems Mission Directorate, where she played a leading role in NASA's future human spaceflight endeavors. Her duties included oversight of the planning and execution of the next generation of human exploration systems, as well as the research, robotic and future capabilities development activities that support them. She was also engaged in initiating the development of commercial human spaceflight capabilities to low earth orbit.
From 2011 to 2014, Leshin served as Dean of the School of Science and Professor of Earth & Environmental Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where she led the scientific academic and research enterprise. Leshin's scientific expertise is in cosmochemistry, and she is primarily interested in deciphering the record of water on objects in the Solar System.
In February 2013, President Obama appointed her to the advisory board of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, and she was appointed by then Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood to the advisory board of the United States Merchant Marine Academy later during the same year. She serves on the United States National Research Council's Committee on Astrobiology and Planetary Science, and as chair of the advisory board for the Thriving Earth Exchange of the American Geophysical Union.
In 2014, Leshin became the 16th president of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
She has published approximately 50 scientific papers.
In January 2022, Leshin was simultaneously appointed as the Director of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and a vice president and Bren Professor at the California Institute of Technology. WPI announced in February 2022, that Provost and Senior Vice President Wole Soboyejo would serve as interim WPI president upon Leshin's departure in May 2022 while WPI searches for a new president.
Awards
Leshin received the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal in 2004 for her work on the Presidential Commission and the NASA Outstanding Leadership Medal in 2011 for her work at NASA. In 1996, she was the inaugural recipient of the Meteoritical Society's Nier Prize, awarded for outstanding research in meteoritics or planetary science by a scientist under the age of 35. The International Astronomical Union recognized her contributions to planetary science with the naming of asteroid 4922 Leshin.
References
External links
WPI Bio
Leshin's Profile by the NASA Exploration Systems Mission Directorate
Living people
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute faculty
Date of birth missing (living people)
American geochemists
Arizona State University alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Presidents of Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Planetary scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2014 Boylesports Irish Greyhound Derby took place during August and September with the final being held on 13 September 2014 at Shelbourne Park. The winner Laughil Blake picked up the first prize of €125,000 that was on offer.
The competition was sponsored by Boylesports.
Final result
At Shelbourne Park (over 550 yards):
Distances
1¾, ¾, short-head, ¾, 3 (lengths)
Competition Race Report
The Easter Cup champion Skywalker Farloe was the clear 10-1 favourite in the ante-post betting, followed by newcomer Droopys Nidge at 12–1. The mandatory first round resulted in the elimination of 2012 champion Skywalker Puma who finished lame after a long lay-off through injury and Boylesports Hero also finished lame with a hock injury. The fastest heat winner was Laughil Blake in 29.43.
The James Roche trained Ballyana Foxtrot recorded 29.39 in round two and Cabra Buck, Kereight King, Fiery Splendour and Jaytee Seville were all surprise eliminations. The best third round performance saw Paradise Maverick (Pat Buckley) win his heat in 29.43 and remain unbeaten, in the very next heat Laughil Blake repeated the time and the pair went into the quarter finals as the new market leaders with Mind The Net and Ballymac Vic just behind. The leading British challenger Holdem Spy was eliminated together with Droopys Nidge and Metro Jack.
Ballymac Vic and Vulturi both won their quarter finals but Paradise Maverick's campaign ended. The third quarter final was the hardest on paper in which Laughil Blake won again from Deanridge Pennys and Droopys Ward whilst Mind The Net went out. The fourth And final heat resulted in an impressive performance by Tyrur Sugar Ray who recorded 29.44 defeating Skywalker Farloe by seven lengths.
Laughil Blake comfortably won the first semi-final with Emers Superstar running on well for second place and Tyrur Sugar Ray claiming the final place to reach a third successive Irish Derby final; the final British challenger Droopys Ward missed out in fourth. The second semi ended with success for Vulturi who caught the leader Borneo, Ballymac Vic took third place to reach a second Irish Derby final.
In the final Laughil Blake deservedly won despite trapping behind Borneo, Ballymac Vic and Tyrur Sugar Ray but he had enough early pace to soon take the lead. Tyrur Sugar Ray was retired to stud soon after the final.
Quarter finals
Semi finals
See also
2014 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
References
Greyhound Derby
Irish Greyhound Derby
Irish Greyhound Derby
Wells County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 28,180. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Bluffton.
Wells County is included in the Fort Wayne Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Fort Wayne–Huntington–Auburn Combined Statistical Area.
History
The future state of Indiana was first regulated by passage of the Northwest Ordinance in 1787. The governing structure created by this act created Wayne County as part of Indiana Territory in 1796. As the Territory's lands began filling with settlers, other counties were organized, and in December 1816 the State of Indiana was admitted to the Union. The state legislature approved (on 7 February 1835) an omnibus bill which authorized the division of portions of Wayne County into thirteen counties. Wells was named for William A. Wells. It was assigned to Allen County for legislative and administrative affairs at first.
On 2 February 1837 an act was passed by the state, authorizing Wells County to be organized independent of Allen County, and specifying 1 May for the date of first meeting. However, that meeting did not take place, so an act dated 20 January 1838 further authorized the meeting of appointed commissioners to decide on a county seat. That vote was completed on 5 March 1838, selecting Bluffton.
Geography
The low rolling hills of Wells County have been deforested and are now completely devoted to agriculture and urban development. The Wabash River flows to the northwest, draining the central and upper part of the county, while the lower part is drained by the Salamonie River, also flowing to the northwest. The highest point on the terrain (935 feet/285 meters ASL) is an isolated rise on the county's south borderline with Jay County, one-half mile (0.8 km) east of the NE corner of Blackford County.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.42%) is land and (or 0.58%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Allen County - north
Adams County - east
Jay County - southeast
Blackford County - south
Grant County - west
Huntington County - northwest
City and towns
Bluffton (city/county seat)
Markle (town; partly in Huntington County)
Ossian (town)
Poneto (town - named Worthington from 1871 to 1881)
Uniondale (town)
Vera Cruz (town)
Zanesville (town; partly in Allen County)
Unincorporated communities
Craigville
Curryville
Dillman
Domestic
Five Points
Greenville
Greenwood
Jeff
Keystone
Kingsland
Liberty Center
McNatts
Mount Zion
Murray
North Oaks
Nottingham
Petroleum
Phenix
Reiffsburg
Riverside
Rockford
Tocsin
Toll Gate Heights
Travisville
Wellsburg
Townships
Chester
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Lancaster
Liberty
Nottingham
Rockcreek
Union
Major highways
Interstate 69
U.S. Route 224
State Road 1
State Road 3
State Road 116
State Road 124
State Road 201
State Road 218
State Road 301
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Bluffton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1980. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. The officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 27,636 people, 10,780 households, and 7,684 families in the county. The population density was . There were 11,659 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.8% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 38.4% were German, 12.3% were English, 10.8% were Irish, and 10.3% were American.
Of the 10,780 households, 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.7% were non-families, and 24.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 40.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $56,885. Males had a median income of $41,871 versus $30,031 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,169. About 6.2% of families and 8.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.8% of those under age 18 and 3.6% of those age 65 or over.
Education
School districts include: Bluffton-Harrison Metropolitan School District, Northern Wells Community Schools, and Southern Wells Community Schools.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wells County, Indiana
External links
William Wells
References
Indiana counties
1837 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1837
Fort Wayne, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Sundown towns in Indiana
Bonnabeau Dome is a prominent ice-covered dome mountain rising on the west side of Gopher Glacier, west of the similar-appearing Anderson Dome, in the Jones Mountains. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by them for Dr. Raymond C. Bonnabeau, Jr., medical doctor with the party.
References
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Ellsworth Land
Katzeb (kamarband, Kayabandh, Cummerbund) was an article of dress encircling the body, at the waist with ends hanging in the front. It was a kind of sash also called Patka.
Name
Katzeb is a compound word. The Sanskrit word Kati means waist, and Zeb in Persian means adorn. Mughals wore it over the Jama (coat). The Katzeb is a girdle named by the third Mughal emperor Akbar who was very fashion enthusiastic and gave a new name to many contemporary costumes. These are described in Ain-i-Akbari by Abu'l-Fazl ibn Mubarak.
Court costume
Katzeb was a small rectangular piece of cloth but it was an essential garment of the dress that includes a jama (a coat), shawl, turban tanzeb (trouser). There are many Mughal paintings of the emperors with a sword or dagger tucked in Katzeb.
Styles
The katzeb is simple cloth belt like garment possible with many variants such as plain, laced, embroidered, brocaded or printed.
See also
Jama (coat)
Farzi (coat)
References
Costumes
Indian clothing
Mughal Empire
The Kazakh Air Defense Forces (, , ) is the aviation warfare branch of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan. Their tasks include the ensurance of the protection of the airspace of the republic as well as the fulfillment of combat missions for air support of other branches of the armed forces. The official holiday of the air forces is Aviation Day on August 18.
The Talgat Bigeldinov Military Institute of the Air Defence Forces serves as the only educational service of the air force, having trained cadets from foreign countries including Hungary, Kyrgyzstan and Afghanistan.
History
Soviet era
In the first formation of the Central Asian Military District, it operated a Soviet Air Force district branch led by Major General M.P. Kharitonov. It operated in the early to mid-40s during the Second World War, and consisted of air brigades based on the territory of the Kazakh SSR. The Central Asian Military District was reinstated in 1969 in relation with the increased hostility between the USSR and the People's Republic of China, by splitting the territories of the Kazakh SSR, Kyrgyzstan SSR and the Tajik SSR from the Turkestan Military District. The 73rd Air Army provided all air support for the district, being known as the Air Forces of the Central Asian Military District from 1980 to 1988. Air defence was also provided by the 12th and 14th Air Defence Armies. In 1989 the military district was disbanded, being merged back into the Turkestan MD. This led to the amalgamation of the 73rd Air Army into the 49th Air Army of the TurkMD. The new air army inherited the headquarters of the 49th, but has taken the designation of the 73rd, so while air force units were nominally still subordinated to the 73rd AA, this was not the one of the CAMD with its HQ in Almaty, but another formation with its HQ in Tashkent.
Post-independence
At the time of the declaration of the independence of Kazakhstan and the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the 24th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Division, as well as three other separate air regiments, were stationed in the country. On May 7, 1992, a meeting was held in Almaty between Russian and Kazakh government representatives and an agreement has been reached for the transfer of all units and formations of the Turkestan Military District on Kazakh territory from the TurkMD to the authority of Kazakhstan. On the same day President Nursultan Nazarbayev has signed a decree for the transformation of the State Committee of Defence of the Republic of Kazakhstan into the Ministry of Defence and for the creation of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan. For the Air Force this included the following units:
from the 73rd Air Army (73-я Воздушная армия):
11th Guards Dnepropetrovskaya, awarded the Order of the Red Banner and the Order of Bogdan Khmelnytskiy Mixed Aviation Division (11-я гвардейская Днепропетровская Краснознамённая ордена Богдана Хмельницкого смешанная авиационная дивизия) (redesignated in 1989 from its previous designation as the 24th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Division (24-я ибад))
129th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment (129-й истребительно-бомбардировочный авиационный полк) in Taldy Kurgan, flying the MiG-27
149th Guards Bomber Aviation Regiment (149-й гвардейский бомбардировочный авиационный полк) in Nikolayevka (Zhetigen), flying the Su-24
905th Fighter Aviation Regiment (905-й истребительный авиационный полк) in Taldy Kurgan, flying the MiG-23MLD
Separate aviation regiments and squadrons:
27th Guards Vyborgskiy Red Banner Fighter Aviation Regiment (27-й гвардейский Выборгский Краснознамённый истребительный авиационный полк) in Ucharal, flying MiG-23 and MiG-21 (eventually disbanded in 1992)
39th Separate Reconnaissance Nikopolksiy, awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky Aviation Regiment (39-й отдельный разведывательный Никопольский ордена Александра Невского авиационный полк) in Balkhash, flying MiG-25RB and Yak-28R
457th Separate Mixed Aviation Regiment (457-й отдельный смешанный авиационный полк) in Almaty, flying An-12, An-26 and Mi-8T
157th Separate Transport and Combat Helicopter Regiment (157-й отдельный транспортно-боевой вертолетный полк) in Taraz, flying Мi-26, Mi-6 and Mi-8
486th Separate Helicopter Regiment (486-й отдельный вертолётный полк) in Ucharal, flying Mi-24 and Mi-8
281st Separate Mixed Helicopter Squadron (281-я отдельная смешанная авиационная эскадрилья) in Almaty, flying Mi-6 and Mi-8
from the 5th Central Courses for Conversion and Development of Flying Personnel (5-е Центральные курсы по подготовке и усовершенствованию авиационных кадров (5 ЦК ПУАК)), a training air division under Air Force High Command, consisted of four aircraft and one helicopter training aviation regiment, HQ in Frunze (Kyrgyz SSR),
715th Training Aviation Regiment (715-й учебный авиационный полк) in Lugovaya, flying MiG-29 and L-39
The territory of the Kazakh SSR was provided air defence by two separate armies of the Air Defence Forces and the Kazakh military took control over their Kazakhstan-based assets:
from the 14th Independent Air Defence Army which had its HQ in Novosibirsk and provided air defence cover over the central regions of the USSR, spanning from the Arctic Ocean to the Kazakh steppe):
56th Corps of Air Defence (56-й корпус ПВО, HQ in Semipalatinsk) (3 of its regiments were transferred to the Russian military and re-located to Russian territory):
356th Fighter Aviation Regiment of Air Defence (356-й иап ПВО) in Semipalatinsk, flying MiG-31
120th Missile Air Defence Regiment (120-й зрп) in Semipalatinsk (Chagan village)
374th Guards Missile Air Defence Regiment (374-й гвзрп) in Serebryanоk
770th Missile Air Defence Regiment (770-й зрп) in Georgievka
17th Radio-Technical Regiment (17-й ртп) in Semipalatinsk
from the 12th Independent Air Defense Army (12-я отдельная армия ПВО), had its HQ in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR and provided air defence for the Central Asian Soviet republics and the forces of the Turkestan Military District):
37th Corps of Air Defence (37-й корпус ПВО, HQ in Almaty) (1 radio-technical brigade on Kyrgyz territory transferred to the Kyrgyz military):
87th Missile Air Defence Brigade (87-я зрбр) in Almaty
420th Missile Air Defence Regiment (420-й зрп) in Karaganda
561st Guards Missile Air Defence Regiment (561-й гвзрп) in Shevchenko
769th Guards Missile Air Defence Regiment (769-й гвзрп) in Baikonur
1022nd Missile Air Defence Regiment (1022-й зрп) in Sary-Shagan (the former 51st Missile Air Defence Brigade)
42nd Radio-Technical Brigade (42-я ртбр) in Almaty
The Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan have also inherited an army aviation unit.
from the 32nd Combined Arms Red Banner Army (32-я общевойсковая Краснознамённая армия, HQ in Semipalatinsk):
450th Separate Helicopter Regiment (450-й отдельный вертолётный полк) in Ucharal
Directly subordinated to the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the USSR:
27th Separate Helicopter Squadron (27-я отдельная вертолётная эскадрилья) in Semipalatinsk, providing air support to the Semipalatinsk Test Site
The air defence and the army aviation units were kept separate from the air force, but by the time the Kazakhstan Air Defence Forces were established on 1 June 1998 they were merged into it.
By late 1993 the small Kazakh Air Force consisted of six regiments as well as an air defence fighter regiment.
It included the following units:
11th Division
129th Fighter-Bomber Regiment (Taldy Kurgan)
134th Fighter-Bomber Regiment (Zhangiztobe)
149th Bomber Regiment (Zhetigen/Nikolayevka)
715th Fighter Regiment ()
39th Reconnaissance Regiment (Balkhash Airport)
486th Helicopter Regiment (Ucharal)
356th Fighter Aviation Regiment (Semipalatinsk), led notably by Major General Aliy Petrovich Volkov
Creation of Kazakh Air Defence Forces
On 17 November 1997, President Nursultan Nazarbayev issued a decree titled "On Further Measures for Reforming the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan". As instructed by this, on 1 April 1998, Minister of Defense Sagadat Nurmagambetov, announced the creation of the Air Defense Forces of the Armed Forces, with the first day of operation being 1 June 1998. On 17 April 2008, the Commander-in-Chief of the Air Defense Forces announced August 18 would be celebrated as 'Aviation Day.'
In November 2007, Kazakhstan signed an agreement with Belarus, under which 10 Soviet-made Su-27 fighters were modernised at an aircraft repair plant in Baranavichy, designated for the Kazakh Air Defence Forces. In 2008, EADS agreed titanium sourcing agreements with Kazakh suppliers. On 28 October 2010, Eurocopter created a 50/50 joint venture with Kazakhstan Engineering, under which 45 Eurocopter EC145s would be assembled locally for government use. The first of six EC145s ordered by the Kazakh Ministries of Defence and Emergencies was delivered in November 2011.
In early January 2012, Airbus Military and the state-owned Kazspecexport defence company, signed a contract to deliver two EADS CASA C-295 military transport aircraft, and a Memorandum of Understanding for another six aircraft, which were to be delivered over the course of the following year. In May 2012, Kazakhstan announced its intent to acquire 20 Eurocopter EC725 helicopters that were to be assembled in Astana by officials from Kazakhstan Engineering and fitted by the Turkish firm Aselsan.
Commander
Mukhamedzhan Ibraev (1996 — 2000)
Kopen Akhmadiev (2001 — 2007)
Alexander Sorokin (17 September 2007 — 27 June 2013)
Nurlan Ormanbetov (27 June 2013 — 2 October 2017)
Nurlan Karbenov (2 October 2017 — 16 March 2020)
Nurlan Ormanbetov (since 16 March 2020)
Aircraft
Current inventory
Structure
The general composition of the Air and Air Defence Force is as follows:
Military Aviation
Air Defence Forces
Center for Parachute Training
Air Traffic Control Center
Today the Air and Air Defence Force has four jet bases:
600th Guards Air Base (Zhetigen, Nikolayevka, Almaty)
602nd Air Base (Chimkent)
604th Air Base (Taldykorgan Airport)
610th Air Base (Sary-Arka Airport, Karaganda)
References
Military aviation in Asia
Military units and formations established in 1998
Morskoye () is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,186 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
Geography
Morskoye is located 65 km east of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Chishili and Buskri are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Chunkarani (Aymara chunkara pointed mountain, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with a pointed mountain", Hispanicized spelling Chungarani) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It lies in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, on the border of the Curahuara de Carangas Municipality and the Turco Municipality. Chunkarani is situated north-east of the volcanic complex of Asu Asuni.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Bukowa Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Unreals is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Donald Jeffries, published in 2007 by StoneGarden. Conspiracy theories feature prominently in the plot, with the John F. Kennedy assassination playing an especially significant role.
Compared to The Wizard of Oz and The Twilight Zone, The Unreals has also been referred to as a conspiracy manifesto. Jeffries was heavily influenced by such books as Nineteen Eighty-Four, Dracula and A Wrinkle In Time. He also utilized his keen infatuation with old (pre-1930 era) Major League Baseball players, by sprinkling numerous obscure references to them throughout the book.
The author
Donald Jeffries was born in Washington in 1956. He now lives in northern Virginia with his wife and children. The Unreals is his first novel.
References
External links
Author's website
The 'Unreal' Life from the Burke Connection, December 12, 2007
2007 novels
2007 science fiction novels
Science fantasy novels
DPT-Hib vaccine is a combination vaccine whose generic name is diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and whole-cell pertussis vaccine adsorbed with Hib conjugate vaccine, sometimes abbreviated to DPT-Hib. It protects against the infectious diseases diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, and Haemophilus influenzae type B.
A branded formulation was marketed in the US as Tetramune by Lederle Praxis Biologicals (subsequently acquired by Wyeth). Tetramune has since been discontinued.
References
Vaccines
Combination drugs
Combination vaccines
Diphtheria
Tetanus
Whooping cough
Haemophilus
Cottingham Phoenix are a rugby league team based in Cottingham, East Riding of Yorkshire. They play in the Yorkshire Premier division of the Rugby League Conference.
History
Hull Phoenix joined the Yorkshire division of the Rugby League Conference in 2004. A year later, they stepped up to the newly created Central Premier with their A team taking their place in the Yorkshire division.
Hull Phoenix moved to Cottingham for the 2006 summer season and became the open age summer team of Cottingham Tigers RLFC under the name Cottingham Phoenix. The Premier divisions underwent a restructured and Cottingham found themselves playing in the North Premier, Phoenix were successful in finishing top of the league but lost narrowly in extra time in the Grand final against East Lancashire Lions.
Cottingham accepted an invitation to play in the revamped Rugby League Conference National Division during summer 2007. Cottingham Phoenix were subsequently expelled about half-way through the season for forfeiting three fixtures.
The club returned to the Rugby League Conference in 2009 joining the newly created Yorkshire Premier Division.
Rugby League Conference teams
Rugby clubs established in 2004
Rugby league teams in the East Riding of Yorkshire
The Whatcom County Council, the legislative body of Whatcom County, Washington, consists of seven members, five elected by district, and two elected at-large. The Council adopts laws, sets policy, and holds final approval over the budget.
Councilmembers
All elective offices in Whatcom County are officially nonpartisan. Following the 2015 election, the council districts have changed; the districts listed here are districts which each member was elected to.
Meetings
The County Council meets biweekly at 7:00 p.m. on every other Tuesday. Meetings are held in the County Council chambers, on the first floor of the Whatcom County Courthouse located at 311 Grand Avenue in downtown Bellingham.
Structure
Five Councilmembers are elected by district to four-year terms. Councilmembers in districts 1, 2, and 3 are up for election in 2025, while Councilmembers in districts 4 and 5 are up for election in 2023. There are two at-large seats, also elected to four-year terms. At-large seat A is up for election in 2025, while at-large seat B is up for election in 2023.
Prior to 2015, the council was elected following three districts with two seats each, and one at large member. This changed upon the passage of Charter Amendment Proposition 9 by voters in 2015, which change the council from three districts to five. Also in 2015, the passage of Charter Amendment Proposition 1 changed the method of election in the general election from county-wide voting to district-only voting. Previously, primary elections for council seats were decided on by voters within each district, but the during the general election the entire county could vote on each race. Following 2015, only voters within each district get to vote for the candidates running for that district's seat. As before, the at-large seats are voted on by the entire county.
The Whatcom County Executive is not a member of the council, and is a separately elected official. The Executive submits legislation to the council for consideration. The Executive has veto power over ordinances passed by the council. The Council requires a vote of five of the seven council members to override the Executive's veto.
Charter Review
Whatcom County became a home rule county in 1978, governed by a county charter. Every 10 years, a Charter Review Commission is formed to review the charter and recommend charter amendments, which then must be voted on by the citizens of the county. The most recent charter review was in 2015.
Notable past council members
Ken Mann, council member 2010–2018, co-host on Bellingham radio station KGMI.
Carl Weimer, council member 2006–2018, former executive director of RE Sources for Sustainable Communities, a Bellingham-based non-profit environmental advocacy group.
Pete Kremen, council member 2012–2016, Whatcom County Executive 1996–2012, Member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 42nd district 1985–1996.
References
External links
Whatcom County Council
Whatcom County, Washington
County government in Washington (state)
In psychometrics, an anchor test is a common set of test items administered in combination with two or more alternative forms of the test with the aim of establishing the equivalence of the test scores on the alternative forms. The purpose of the anchor test is to provide a baseline for an equating analysis between different forms of a test.
Anchor test is one type of psychological assessment tool to measure an individual's knowledge or cognitive ability by testing the same areas in different ways. In psychometrics, to develop assessment tools that are reliable for testing certain skills and abilities are what most Psychometricists are interested in. Anchor tests are not intended to test the subject's ability to take tests, interpret questions, or understand a concept that is unrelated to the test questions. Instead, it eliminates the incongruency between what the test is designed to assess and what it actually assesses. Subjects will be tested on the same knowledge and skills in multiple ways in an anchor test. Compared with traditional tests in both education and psychology, anchor tests are intended to find out what an individual is able to do rather than what an individual is unable to do. A study examined that higher anchor test to total test correlation leads to better equating . It thus implies that an anchor test with items of medium difficulty (miditest) may lead to better equating than an Anchor test of lesser difficulty (minitest).
References
Psychometrics
Comparison of assessments
The LSU Tigers basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the LSU Tigers basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Tigers represent Louisiana State University in the NCAA's Southeastern Conference.
LSU began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1908. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but LSU's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
John Scrope, 8th Baron Scrope of Bolton (c. 1510 – 22 June 1549) was the son of Henry Scrope, 7th Baron Scrope of Bolton and Mabel Dacre.
Around 1530 he married Catherine Clifford, daughter of Henry Clifford, 1st Earl of Cumberland in Skipton, Yorkshire. They had 11 children, of which the eldest was his successor, Henry Scrope, 9th Baron Scrope of Bolton. He lived in the family home in Bolton Castle in Wensleydale, Yorkshire.
In 1536 he was pressured to support the Pilgrimage of Grace, a popular uprising in the Yorkshire area against the religious reforms of Henry VIII, particularly the break with Rome and the Dissolution of the Monasteries, and the policies of the King's chief minister, Thomas Cromwell, as well as other political, social and economic grievances.
He found himself obliged to grant sanctuary to Adam Sedbar, Abbot of Jervaulx, when the latter was on the run from the King's Commissioners, who had been sent north to round up the ringleaders. When the Commissioners arrived at Bolton Castle he fled to join his father-in-law at Skipton Castle but the Abbot was rounded up and ultimately executed. Before leaving the Commissioners fired the castle. However, because of the duress he was deemed to have been put under he was forgiven and allowed to repair and reoccupy his home and retake his seat in Parliament.
Ancestry
References
1549 deaths
People from Richmondshire (district)
People associated with the Dissolution of the Monasteries
John
Year of birth uncertain
16th-century English nobility
8
Transformers: The Album is a compilation album of various artists music from the 2007 live-action film Transformers. The official single from the album is "Before It's Too Late (Sam and Mikaela's Theme)" by the Goo Goo Dolls.
The first single "What I've Done" by Linkin Park was 5× Platinum rated by RIAA in the United States and rated as gold in Germany and Japan. The soundtrack debuted at number 21 on the U.S Billboard 200, selling about 32,000 copies in its first week. The album has sold 150,000 copies. Each group on the album, except for Julien-K, was signed to a label owned by Warner Music Group at the time of the album's release. Tracks 7, 9, 10, and 12 do not appear in the actual film.
Track listing
Not included in the Soundtrack
Chart performance
See also
Transformers: The Score
References
External links
Official website
Information released on IGN
Transformers (film series) soundtracks
Julien-K
Linkin Park albums
2007 soundtrack albums
2000s film soundtrack albums
Warner Records soundtracks
John Howard Cordle (11 October 1912 – 23 November 2004) was a British Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1959 to 1977.
Life and career
Cordle, the son of Ernest William Cordle, was educated at the City of London School and became managing director of E. W. Cordle and Son Ltd. in 1946. He was also a member of Lloyd's of London. He served as a member of the Church Assembly 1946–53, as a director of the Church Society from 1951 and of the Church of England Newspaper from 1959.
Cordle contested The Wrekin in 1951. He was Member of Parliament for Bournemouth East and Christchurch from 1959 to 1974, and after boundary changes, for Bournemouth East from 1974 to 1977, when he resigned as a result of the John Poulson scandal. David Atkinson was elected as his successor in the subsequent by-election.
Family
Cordle was married three times. He was first married in 1938 (divorced 1956) to Grace Lucy Walkey (1918-2021); by this marriage, he had issue (four sons and a daughter), of whom only two (or three) sons outlived him.
He married secondly in 1957 (divorced 1971) to Venetia Caroline Maynard (b. 22 March 1936), daughter of Lt-Col. Alister Maynard, by whom he had issue (one son and three daughters), including Marina, Viscountess Cowdray. He married thirdly in 1976 to Terttu Heikura, his children's nanny who was 35 years his junior, by whom he had two sons.
Notes
Footnotes
References
Sources
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
The Times obituary, 24 November 2004. Retrieved 17 November 2008.
Daily Telegraph obituary 24 November 2004. Retrieved 17 November 2008.
Andrew Roth. The Guardian obituary 25 November 2004. Retrieved 17 November 2008.
John Barnes. The Independent obituary 9 December 2004. Retrieved 17 November 2008.
Genealogy of Grace Lucy Walkey, the first Mrs Cordle
External links
1912 births
2004 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at the City of London School
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Richard Katrovas is the founding director of the Prague Summer Program for Writers and the author of eight books of poetry, two novels, two collections of stories and three memoirs.
Biography
Born November 4, 1953, in Norfolk, Virginia, Richard Katrovas, the oldest of five children, spent his early years in cars and motels living on the highways of America while his father, a petty thief and conman, eluded state and federal authorities. His father was eventually caught, but upon being released on probation from federal prison reverted to his criminal ways, and was caught and incarcerated again. During his father's prison terms, Katrovas and his mother and siblings lived on welfare in public housing projects. Katrovas was adopted by relatives in his early teens, and lived with them for three years in Sasebo, Japan, where he earned a second-degree black belt in Shobukan Okinawa-te Karate. He graduated from high school in Coronado, California, and attended San Diego State University (B.A., English, 1977). He was then a Hoyns Fellow at the University of Virginia, attended the MFA program at the University of Arkansas, and finished his graduate work in the Iowa Writers' Workshop (MFA, 1983). Between 1970 and 1983, Katrovas taught karate and worked in numerous restaurants in San Diego, then New Orleans.
On a Fulbright fellowship, Katrovas was in Prague, Czechoslovakia in the months preceding the Velvet Revolution, and subsequently witnessed that event. The recipient of numerous grants and awards, Katrovas is the founding director of the Prague Summer Program, and is the author of seven books of poetry, Green Dragons (winner of the Wesleyan University Press New Poets Series), Snug Harbor, The Public Mirror, The Book of Complaints, and Dithyrambs, Scorpio Rising: Selected Poems; a book of short stories, Prague USA; a memoir, The Years of Smashing Bricks and The Republic of Burma Shave, and a novel, The Mystic Pig; and Prague Winter. Katrovas, as guest editor of a special double issue of the New Orleans Review, edited, and participated in much of the translation of, the first representative anthology of contemporary Czech poetry, Ten Years After the Velvet Revolution. His poems, stories, reviews and essays have appeared widely in magazines and anthologies, including Antioch Review, Contemporary Fiction, Crazyhorse, Denver Quarterly, Iowa Review, Missouri Review, New England Review, Poetry, Southern Review, Virginia Quarterly Review'; as well as Strong Measures: Contemporary American Poetry In Traditional Forms (Harper&Row), New American Poets of the 90's (Godine), and Poets of the New Century (Godine), among many others. Katrovas's current projects are Raising Girls in Bohemia: Meditations of an American Father, a collection of essays, and Confessions of a Waiter, a novel, for which he won the William Faulkner – William Wisdom Competition in 2018.
Richard Katrovas has three daughters, Ema, Anna, and Ella. He and his family live in Kalamazoo, Michigan, New Orleans, and Prague. Katrovas taught for twenty years at the University of New Orleans and is now a professor of English at Western Michigan University.
Publications
Books
1984: Green Dragons (Wesleyan, )
1986: Snug Harbor (Wesleyan, )
1990: The Public Mirror (Wesleyan, )
1993: The Book of Complaints (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
1996: Prague, USA (Portals Press, )
1998: Dithyrambs: Choral Lyrics (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
2001: The Republic of Burma Shave (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
2001: Mystic Pig: A Novel of New Orleans (Smallmouth Press, )
2004: Prague Winter (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
2007: The Years of Smashing Bricks (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
2008: Mystic Pig (Paperback Rerelease, Oleander Press LTD, )
2011: Scorpio Rising: Selected Poems (Carnegie Mellon University Press, )
2014: Raising Girls in Bohemia: Meditations of an American Father (Three Rooms Press, )
Anthologies Edited
2000: The New Orleans Review: Ten Years After the Velvet Revolution
References
External links
Richard Katrovas's website
Prague Summer Program for Writers website
Living people
20th-century American novelists
Western Michigan University faculty
1953 births
University of New Orleans faculty
San Diego State University alumni
University of Arkansas alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
Novelists from Michigan
20th-century American poets
American male novelists
American male poets
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Louisiana
Alexander Petrovich Mezhirov (Russian: Александр Межиров; September 26, 1923 [but see below] – May 22, 2009) was a Soviet and Russian poet, translator and critic.
Mezhirov was among what has been called a "middle generation" of Soviet poets that ignored themes of communist "world revolution" and instead focused on Soviet and Russian patriotism. Many of them specialized in patriotic lyrics, particularly its military aspects. According to G. S. Smith, Mezhirov and a number of other "middle generation" poets "were genuine poets whose testimony, however well-laundered, to the tribulations of their times will endure at least as long as their generation." Some of Mezhirov's lyrical poems based on his wartime experience belong with the best Russian poetical works created in the Soviet 1950s-1960s.
Life
Born in Moscow, he was the son of an educated Jewish couple — his father a lawyer, his mother a German-language teacher, and one of his grandfathers was a rabbi. Drafted as a private in July 1941, he fought in World War II before a serious injury led to his demobilization in 1943 as a lieutenant. That same year, he joined the Communist Party; after the war heattended the Literary Institute, graduating in 1948. He translated poetry from Georgian and Lithuanian poets. "Mezhirov is a virtuosic translator, especially recognized for his renditions of Georgian and Lithuanian poetry," anthologist Maxim Shrayer has written. In 1944, he married Elena Yashchenko. The couple's daughter, Zoya Velikhova, was born in 1949 and became a writer.
Mezhirov was a prominent figure in the Soviet literary establishment, although his allegiances and associations were varied. At some points he was close to fellow Jewish-Russian Boris Yampolsky, Kazakh writer Olzhas Suleimenov, and Russian cultural ultranationalist and critic Vadim Kozhinov. Mezhirov associated with younger writers Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Tatyana Glushkova (known for her nationalist views in the mid-1980s, according to Shrayer) and Evgeny Reyn, who was censored in the Soviet Union until the mid-1980s.
Although Mezhirov had publicly stated that his patriotism for Russia was so intense that, unlike other Russian Jews, he could not emigrate, he suddenly left Russia for the United States in 1992, settling first in New York, then in Portland, Oregon. As of 2007, according to anthologist Maxim D. Shrayer, he had not revisited Russia. In March 2009 Mezhirov published a collection of new poems, two months before his death. According to the ITAR/TASS news service, his body was to be cremated in the United States, with the ashes to be buried in Peredelkino near Moscow.
At one time the poet was a passionate pool player and was a friend of professional billiards players. He excelled in other games, as well.
Critical reception
Mezhirov has a "special gift" for absorbing the voices of his contemporaries and his predecessors from the 1900s–1930s, according to Shrayer, who notes the influences in Mezhirov's writing of Eduard Bagritsky, Erich Maria Remarque, Anna Akhmatova, Aleksandr Blok, Vladislav Khodasevich, Mikhail Kuzmin, Vladimir Lugovskoy, David Samoylov and Arseny Tarkovsky.
Variations in Mezhirov's name and birth year
Mezhirov has given his birth year as 1921, but a number of sources have instead given it as 1923.
The poet's first name sometimes rendered "Aleksandr" or "Alexandr" in sources using the Latin alphabet.
Bibliography
Each year links to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article. Unless otherwise sourced below, translations of the Russian-language titles of the following books were taken from Google Translate and may be overly literal:
1947: Дорога далеко ("The Road is Far Away"), edited by Pavel Antokolksy, Moscow
1948: Kommunisty, vpered!, "Communists, Ahead!" poem reprinted in his second collection, New Encounters, and in many volumes, anthologies and samplers
1949: Новые встречи ("New Encounters"), including "Communists, Ahead!"
1950: Коммунисты, вперёд! ("Communists, Ahead!"), reprinted 1952
1955: Возвращение ("Return")
1961: Ветровое стекло ("Windshield")
1964: Прощание со снегом ("Farewell to the Snow")
1965: Ладожский лёд ("Ice of Lake Ladoga")
1967: Подкова ("Horseshoe")
1968: Лебяжий переулок ("Swan's Lane")
1976: Под старым небом ("Under the Old Sky")
1977: Очертания вещей ("Outline of things")
1981: Selected Works, two volumes
1982: Проза в стихах ("Prose in Verse") (winner of the USSR State Prize, 1986)
1984: Тысяча мелочей ("A thousand small things")
1989: Бормотуха ("Bormotuha")
1989: Стихотворения ("Poems")
1991: Избранное ("Favorites")
1997: Позёмка ("Drifting")
1997: Apologii︠a︡ t︠s︡irka: kniga novykh stikhov ("Apologia of the Circus"), including a version of "Blizzard", St. Petersburg
2006: Артиллерия бьёт по своим, selected poems of recent years), Moscow: publisher: Zebra E
Notes
1922 births
2009 deaths
Russian Jews
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Russian male poets
Writers from Moscow
Writers from Portland, Oregon
Soviet poets
Soviet male writers
20th-century Russian male writers
Soviet translators
Russian literary critics
20th-century Russian translators
Maxim Gorky Literature Institute alumni
Soviet Jews
Jamshidabad (, also Romanized as Jamshīdābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 89 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Webster Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,283 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the eastern central part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Perrysburg Township - north
Troy Township - northeast
Freedom Township - southeast
Center Township - southwest
Middleton Township - west
No municipalities are located in Webster Township.
Name and history
Webster Township was established in 1846. It is the only Webster Township statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Little Indian Creek is a northwest flowing stream in northwest Washington and southeast Franklin counties in Missouri. The stream is a tributary to Indian Creek.
The stream headwaters arise southeast of Richwoods at and the confluence with Indian Creek is at .
The stream source area lies west of Missouri Route 47 and it flows northwest passing under Missouri Route A one mile west of Richwoods. Pinery Creek joins the stream from the southwest just north of Route A. In southern Franklin County the stream is joined from the east by Rye Creek and the stream flows through the Little Indian Creek Conservation Area. The confluence with Indian Creek is about 1.7 miles south of that streams confluence with the Meramec River.
The name was chosen because it is smaller than and a tributary to Big Indian Creek.
References
Rivers of Franklin County, Missouri
Rivers of Washington County, Missouri
Rivers of Missouri
Chris Romanelli was the bassist of the punk rock band Plasmatics from 1981 until 1983 and again in 1986 to 1987, during a time, in 1983, he was the keyboardist. He played on the Metal Priestess, Coup d'Etat and Maggots: The Record albums. After that, he had some brief stints with several other bands but largely faded from the music industry in the mid-1990s. He is currently a practicing attorney in New York.
Chris wrote the music to "The Damned", the only Plasmatics song to be featured in heavy rotation on MTV. "The Damned" still occasionally appears on MTV, on Beavis and Butt-head and other shows.
References
Plasmatics members
American punk rock bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male guitarists
Savoy Brown members
Dr. B. Jill Carroll is a freelance writer, speaker, scholar and organizational consultant whose first career was as a university professor specializing in world religions and philosophy of religion. She was the executive director of the Boniuk Center for the Study and Advancement of Religious Tolerance at Rice University and an adjunct professor of Religious Studies at the university. She earned her PhD degree there in 1994. She resigned from the directorship in June 2009 stating her intentions to continue writing a blog for the Houston Chronicle entitled "Talking Tolerance" and staying involved in the leadership of the Amazing Faiths Project which she had founded and directed since 2006.
Her research interests are issues in comparative religion, religion and world politics, and natural theology. For two years she co-hosted with Kym King a regular radio program called "Peaceful Coexistence" on Pacifica 90.1FM KPFT in Houston. Podcasts of the show are available at the Boniuk Center website.
In fall 2011, she published a lifestyle/self-help book called Stop the Crap: Six Lessons to Get Your Life Back. Her first novel, Quail Fried Rice, was published in July 2012.
In 2011, she began working as a program consultant for the Houston/Gulf Coast chapter of American Leadership Forum.
She was president and founder of Religiosites, Inc., a company that provided religious diversity training to corporations, groups and individuals.
In the late 90s she wrote "The Adjunct Track", a regular column for the Chronicle of Higher Education. She founded Adjunct Solutions, a consulting service for part-time faculty in North America.
Scholarly publications
A Dialogue of Civilizations: Gülen's Islamic Ideals and Humanistic Discourse. The Light, Inc., 2007.
The Savage Side: Reclaiming Violent Models of God. Rowman & Littlefield, 2001.
"Elizabeth Fiorenza", "Center for Women and Religion", "Rosemary Ruether". Entries in Handbook for American Women's History, Second Edition. Angela Howard and Frances Kavenik, eds. Sage Publications, 2000.
Religion and Violence in Blood Meridian, Essays from the First Cormac McCarthy Conference, Bellarmine College. Texas Western Press: El Paso, 1997.
References
American women chief executives
Christian writers
Classics educators
Living people
Rice University faculty
Rice University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
FC Berlin may refer to:
FC Berlin (Canada/United States), a Canadian/American soccer team
Berliner FC Dynamo, a German football club formerly known as FC Berlin
The sandburrowers or simply burrowers are a family, Creediidae, of fishes in the order Perciformes.
They are native to coastal waters the Indian and Pacific Oceans. They are very small fishes; with the exception of the larger Donaldson's sandburrower, Limnichthys donaldsoni, most species reach only 3 to 7 cm in length. They live in shallow waters close to the shore, burrowing into sandy areas swept by currents or by surf.
See also
List of fish families
References
Trachiniformes
District 22 (Persian: منطقه ۲۲, also romanized as Mantaqe ye Bist-o-Dow), also known as Municipality of District 22, is one of 22 central districts of Tehran County in Tehran Province, Iran.
census, its population was 128,958, in 38,136 families.
Municipality of District 22 has 4 regions and 9 quarters and provides services to the public and does its organizational tasks. One of the neighborhoods in the district is known as the Olympic Village, which comprises the athletes village built for the 1974 Asian Games, held in Tehran.
History
Prior to the 1979 Iranian revolution, the lands that make up District 22 were the property of the Farmanfarmaian and Firouzgar's families. The families had intended to develop the land as a new satellite suburb of Tehran and plans were drawn up by Abdol Aziz Farman-Farmaian and Associates (AFFA). Shortly after the revolution the lands were forcibly confiscated and distributed to various IRGC related bodies. The development plans for the district as drawn up by Abol-Aziz Farmanfarmaian were also discarded.
References
Districts of Tehran Province
Hunt Valley is an unincorporated community in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States, near the site of the Maryland Hunt Cup Steeplechase. It lies just north of the city of Baltimore, along York Road (Maryland Route 45), parallel to Interstate 83. The nearby Loch Raven Reservoir is an important landmark and drinking water resource. Its surrounding forested watershed is one of three reservoirs (along with Prettyboy and Liberty Reservoirs) established for the City of Baltimore. Hunt Valley is located at a latitude of 39.5° North and longitude of 76.7° West. It is served by the Cockeysville post office, and is also a neighbor of Timonium. A satellite campus of the Community College of Baltimore County is located in Hunt Valley Town Centre.
Business and industry
An industrial park, named The Hunt Valley Business Community, was opened in 1962. Hunt Valley is the home of AmTote International, Inc., Systems Alliance, Inc., BreakAway Games, Atradius North America, Sinclair Broadcast Group, McCormick & Company, AAI Corporation, Dunbar Armored, TESSCO Technologies, ZeniMax Online Studios, and Drchrono. The Hunt Valley Inn has been the site of Balticon in the past.
Hunt Valley Towne Centre is the main shopping area. It was built on an estate formerly owned by the Grand Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons of Maryland. Before that, the land was the Merryman family estate, “Bonnie Blink”. It was originally opened as Hunt Valley Mall in 1981, and redeveloped into the current open air Towne Centre in 2005.
Recreation
In 2000 the Maryland Environmental Trust acquired an area encompassing Western Run shoreline, and wetlands, creating a nature preserve and hiking area.
Torrey C. Brown Rail Trail, also known as the NCR , a popular place to hike.
Oregon Ridge Park and Oregon Ridge Nature Center, also with hiking trails. The Nature Center hosts an annual bird count.
Places to see
The System Source Computer Museum houses computing artifacts dating from ancient China to the present day.
Public transportation
Hunt Valley is the northern terminus of the Light Rail line, and is also served by the Route 93 bus.
References
Unincorporated communities in Baltimore County, Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
United Nations Security Council resolution 671, adopted unanimously on 27 September 1990, after recalling resolutions 598 (1987), 619 (1988), 631 (1989), 642 (1989) and 651 (1990), and having considered a report by the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar on the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group, the Council decided:
(a) to renew the mandate of the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group for another two months until 30 November 1990;
(b) to request the Secretary-General, after discussions with both parties, to report on the future of the Observer Group with his recommendations during November.
See also
Iran–Iraq relations
Iran–Iraq War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0671
0671
1990 in Iran
1990 in Iraq
September 1990 events
A Blot in the 'Scutcheon is a tragedy in blank verse by Robert Browning, published in 1843 and acted in the same year.
Characters
Mildred Tresham
Thorold, Earl Tresham
Henry, Earl Mertoun
Guendolen Tresham
Austin Tresham
Gerard, and other retainers of Lord Tresham
Time, 17—
Synopsis
Mildred Tresham, only sister of Thorold, Earl Tresham, has been seduced by Henry, Earl Mertoun, whose lands adjoin those of her brother. Anxious to repair this wrong he formally requests her in marriage. Thorold, who knows nothing of his sister's fall, readily consents. But a retainer sees Mertoun climb to Mildred's chamber and informs his master, without being able to identify the intruder. Questioned by her brother, Mildred admits the truth of the story, but refuses to divulge her lover's name or to dismiss Earl Mertoun. Deeply wounded in his family pride, which is morbidly intense, Thorold is too emotionally stirred to infer that Mertoun and the lover are the same. Denouncing Mildred as a shameless woman he rushes into the park, where he wanders until midnight.
Meanwhile, Mildred's cousin, Gwendolen, in a talk with Mildred, has divined the identity of Mertoun and the offender, and with her fiancé and the earl's brother, Austin Tresham, goes out to find Thorold and to persuade him to forgiveness. They are too late, however. At midnight Thorold encounters Mertoun on his way to an interview with Mildred, and in his anger compelled him to fight a duel in which Mertoun, refusing to defend himself, is mortally wounded. Realizing at length his own harshness and injustice towards a boy who was penitent and eager to atone for his fault, Thorold exchanges forgiveness with Mertoun, and on his death, takes poison. He then goes to beg forgiveness of his sister who grants it and dies of a broken heart, closely followed by her brother. In dying he says that he leaves to Austin and Gwendolen an unblotted 'scutcheon.
Background
Browning's dramatic period extended from 1835 to the time of his marriage in 1846, and produced some nine plays, not all of which, however, were intended for the stage. Paracelsus, the first of the series, has been described as a "conversational drama", and Pippa Passes, though it has been staged, is essentially a poem to read. The historical tragedy of Strafford has been performed, but King Victor and King Charles, The Return of the Druses, Colombe's Birthday, A Soul's Tragedy, and Luria, while interesting in many ways, have not been regarded as successful stage-plays.
Performance
A Blot in the 'Scutcheon was published in 1843 as the fifth volume of Bells and Pomegranates.
In a letter to John Forster, dated 25 November 1842, Charles Dickens wrote enthusiastically of Browning's play: "[It] has thrown me into a perfect passion of sorrow … I know nothing that is so affecting, nothing in any book I have ever read, as Mildred's recurrence to that "I was so young—I had no mother."'
The play was performed at Drury Lane in 1843, but its chances of a successful run were spoiled by the jealousy of William Macready, the manager, and it ran for only three nights. It was presented again, under the management of Samuel Phelps, in 1848.
Reception
The catastrophe has been criticised as not inevitable and the speeches as too analytical for the stage, but the pathos and tragic power of this drama have also received praise.
References
Sources
Birch, Dinah, ed. (2009). "Blot in the 'Scutcheon, A". In The Oxford Companion to English Literature. 7th ed. Oxford University Press.
Clarke, George Herbert (1920). "Browning's "A Blot in the 'Scutcheon": A Defence". The Sewanee Review, 28(2): pp. 213–227.
Eliot, Charles William, ed. (1909). "A Blot in the Scutcheon". Modern English Drama. The Harvard Classics. Vol. 18. New York: P. F. Collier & Son Corporation. pp. 358–404.
Keller, Helen Rex (1924). "Blot in the 'Scutcheon, A". The Reader's Digest of Books. New York: The Macmillan Co. p. 95.
Reese, Gertrude (1948). "Robert Browning and A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". Modern Language Notes, 63(4): pp. 237–240.
Roberts, Adam (2011). "Browning, Robert, English poet and dramatist (1812–89)". In Schlicke, Paul (ed.). The Oxford Reader's Companion to Dickens. Oxford University Press
Vann, J. Don (1979). "A Blot in the 'Scutcheon: A Literary Notice". Studies in Browning and His Circle, 7(2): pp. 68–70.
Reviews
"A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". The Pall Mall Gazette. 1 February 1891. p. 1.
""The Blot in the 'Scutcheon"". The Globe. 16 June 1893. p. 3.
External links
Miller, Renata Kobetts, ed. (15 November 2017). "Robert Browning, A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". The Independent Theatre Society. Accessed 13 July 2022.
Plays by Robert Browning
1843 plays
