Manoir Energy OÜ is Estonian limited-liability company which deals with wholesale of solid, liquid and gas fuels.
The company was established in 2010.
As of 2019, by revenue of 423.1 million euros, the company is 6th in Estonia.
References
Companies of Estonia
Patrona (Vice Admiral) Osman Pascha (c. 1792; – c. 1860) was an Ottoman naval officer.
Osman started his career in the Egyptian Navy. He commanded a brig in the Battle of Navarino (1827) and an Egyptian frigate after 1830. During the Egyptian–Ottoman War (1839–41) he joined the Ottoman Navy, commanded an Ottoman ship of line in the Bombardment of St. Acre (1840) and with regard to that he became Vice Admiral (Patrona).
When the Russo-Ottoman Crimean War started he was sent out with a small flotilla to bring troops and material to Batumi. Because of stormy weather he decided to stop and wait in Sinope, where he was attacked by Russian Admiral Pavel Nakhimov on November 30 of 1853. Osman's flotilla was destroyed, he himself was wounded in the foot and taken prisoner. He was released after the Treaty of Paris (1856), and although the Patrona rank had been abolished in the meantime, he remained a member of the Admiralty.
Sources
1792 births
1860 deaths
Ottoman Empire admirals
Ottoman military personnel of the Crimean War
People from Rize
Prisoners of war held by Russia
The 2005 FIBA Asia Championship was the men's basketball qualifying tournament for FIBA Asia at the 2006 FIBA World Championship at Japan.
In order to qualify for the tournament, teams would have to go through regional qualifiers. At the main tournament, three nations qualified for the world championships: China, Lebanon and host Qatar. China defeated Lebanon in the championship game, 77–61; Qatar defeated Korea, 89–77.
Qualification
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (Qatar) and Stanković Cup champion (Korea as runner-up) were automatically qualified. The other four places are allocated to the zones according to performance in the 2004 FIBA Asia Stanković Cup.
Draw
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Quarterfinal round
Group I
Group II
Group III
Group IV
Classification 9th–16th
15th place
13th place
11th place
9th place
Classification 5th–8th
Semifinals
7th place
5th place
Final round
Semifinals
3rd place
Final
Final standing
Awards
References
External links
Results
JABBA
sports.sina.com
FIBA Archive
2005–06 in Asian basketball
2005
International basketball competitions hosted by Qatar
2005 in Qatari sport
September 2005 sports events in Asia
The Andean rat (Lenoxus apicalis), or white-tailed akodont, is the only species in the genus Lenoxus. It is a rodent in the tribe Akodontini found on the eastern slopes of the Andes of eastern Peru and western Bolivia. Examination of its genome shows that this species is not closely related to Oxymycterus as had previously been thought, but is quite distinct, having diverged from the other Akodontini soon after the basal radiation of the entire group.
Description
The Andean rat is a medium-sized species, with a tail as long as or rather longer than its head-and-body length. The head has a rather long but broadly-based snout and exposed, small, sparsely-haired ears. The dorsal surface of the body is blackish suffused with grey, and the flanks are paler grey. The underparts are greyish-brown, tinged with buff. The tail is greyish-brown both above and underneath, and is sparsely-haired, with numerous small scales. The terminal quarter of the tail is white and is very distinctive. The upper surfaces of the feet are grey, which contrasts with the white toes.
Distribution and habitat
The Andean rat is endemic to the eastern slopes of the Andes, its range including southern Peru and northern Bolivia. It occurs in montane and cloud forest at altitudes between .
Ecology
The natural history of this species is poorly known. Specimens in Peru were trapped in runways among thick ferns and moss-covered tree roots, while in Bolivia they were trapped in somewhat drier, less dense forest.
References
Akodontini
Mammals of Bolivia
Mammals of Peru
Mammals described in 1909
Work! is an album by jazz pianist Mulgrew Miller, recorded together with Charnett Moffett on bass and Terri Lyne Carrington on drums. The album was recorded on April 23–24, 1986 and released that year by Landmark Records. The album is named after the song "Work" by Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins from their 1954 album Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins.
Reception
Scott Yanow of Allmusic noted: "Made about the time he left Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers to go out on his own, Mulgrew Miller's second date as a leader matches his modern mainstream modal style with bassist Charnett Moffett and drummer Terri Lyne Carrington. Once again, the repertoire is a mixture of Miller originals, jazz standards ("Without a Song," "Powell's Prances" and Thelonious Monk's "Work") and an unaccompanied piano solo ("My Man's Gone Now"). And once again, the set is recommended to fans of 1980s/'90s jazz piano".
Track listing
Personnel
Band
Mulgrew Miller – piano, composer
Charnett Moffett – bass
Terri Lyne Carrington – drums
Production
Phil Carroll – art direction
George Horn – mastering
Orrin Keepnews – liner notes, producer
Chuck Stewart – photography
References
1986 albums
Landmark Records albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Mulgrew Miller albums
Chaneysville is an unincorporated community in Southampton Township, southern Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
References
External links
Village of Chaneysville
Unincorporated communities in Bedford County, Pennsylvania
Huvaa Kohfa Bunan is Maldivian romantic comedy drama web series written and directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu. The series stars Ali Azim, Abdullah Shafiu Ibrahim, Ahmed Easa, Mariyam Shifa, Nathasha Jaleel, Washiya Mohamed and Irufana Ibrahim in pivotal roles. The pilot episode of the first season of the series was released on 27 December 2020.
Plot
Season 1
Maaish (Ali Azim) and Dhaain (Abdullah Shafiu Ibrahim) are two cunning and manipulative friends who con others for their own benefits. When they are forcefully evicted by their tenant for evading rent for fifteen months, the two compete for residency at Jamsheed's (Ahmed Saeed) place. Once their traits were exposed, they later manipulate Jamsheed, the die-hard fan of local film actress, Nashidha (Nashidha Mohamed), posing as friends of her. The duo were initially attracted to the short-tempered woman, Haifa (Mariyam Shifa), the girlfriend of an aspiring politician, Naushad (Ahmed Easa). As Naushad and Haifa's relationship ends citing their difference of opinions, Maaish and Dhaain challenge to win the love of Naushad's young sister, Zara (Washiya Mohamed), mostly due to her prosperity and wealth. Meanwhile, Zara's abusive boyfriend, Javid (Mohamed Faisal) is revealed to be a mole working for Naushad's rival, Arushad (Ali Usham) who is competing for the same seat at People's Majlis.
Cast and characters
Ahmed Saeed as Jamsheed "Jaanu"
Nashidha Mohamed as Nashidha
Ali Azim as Maaish
Ahmed Easa as Naushad
Mohamed Faisal as Javid
Abdullah Shafiu Ibrahim as Dhaain
Mariyam Shifa as Haifa
Washiya Mohamed as Zara
Ahmed Azmeel as Assad
Irufana Ibrahim as Airin
Rashad Mohamed as Razzaq
Ali Usham as Arushad
Aminah Noora as Reesha
Ibrahim Jihad as Ajuvadh
Nathasha Jaleel as Shaaira
Musthafa Hakeem as Juman
Ali Yooshau as Nuzair
Development
The series was announced in mid-2020. Filming for the series took place in Hulhumale' in July 2020. It was developed as a three-season project, each consisting of 26 episodes. Post production of the series was initiated in late August 2020, scheduling to release the first episode in September 2020.
Soundtrack
Release and reception
The trailer of the series was released on 11 October 2020. The series was made available for streaming through Baiskoafu on 27 December 2020. The pilot episode of the series was met with positive response from critics, where Ahmed Rasheed from MuniAvas highlighted the comical elements included in the series.
References
Serial drama television series
Maldivian television shows
Maldivian web series
William David Grafton Loudon (born 22 May 1954) is a Scottish former cricketer.
Loudon was born at Lanark in May 1954. He was educated at the Edinburgh Academy. A club cricketer for Edinburgh Academical Cricket Club, he made his debut for Scotland in a List A one-day match against Yorkshire at Bradford in the 1981 Benson & Hedges Cup. After making a further one-day appearance in that competition, Loudon made a further four appearances in the 1982 Benson & Hedges Cup. In six one-day appearances for Scotland, he scored 78 runs with the highest score of 22, in addition to taking two wickets. Loudon appeared once in first-class cricket for Scotland against Ireland at Edinburgh in 1982. In Ireland's second innings he bowled 5.1 overs taking figures of 3 for 4.
Loudon was appointed Chairman of Selectors for Scotland in 2001. During his tenure, Scotland qualified for the 2007 World Cup, but toward the end of his tenure he drew criticism from Ian Stanger for Scotland's failure to qualify for the following World Cup, citing a lack of professionalism and the recruitment of South African-born players into the squad. Loudon left the post in February 2009 and was replaced as Chairman of Selectors by Iain Kennedy. Outside of cricket, Loudon is a stockbroker.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Lanark
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Scottish stockbrokers
Scottish cricketers
Scottish cricket administrators
Scotland national cricket team selectors
The Ministry of Transport of the Czech Republic () is a government ministry, which was established in 1969.
Its head office is in Prague 1, in New Town.
References
External links
Czech Republic
Transport
Ministries established in 1969
1969 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Transport organizations based in the Czech Republic
Başpınar is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Ouroun is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 3,947.
The population composed mainly of three ethnic groups: Bambara, Malinkés and Fulani. Ouroun is naturally divided into two districts: Sokoundéni and Sokoumba. The first is located southeast of the city, while the second is slightly north to south. With a population almost three times larger than that of Sokoundeni, Sokoumba is also divided by its inhabitants in two parts: Kourou and Kodjou. The latter is more inhabited than the first.
Geography
Ouroun has a tropical climate. In summer, there is less rainfall than in winter. According to the Köppen-Geiger climate classification, the climate is As. The average annual temperature in Ouroun is 27.1 °C. The rainfall here averages 1103 mm.
The driest month is December, with 0 mm of rainfall. The greatest amount of precipitation occurs in August, with an average of 291 mm.
With an average temperature of 30.7 °C, April is the warmest month of the year in Ouroun. At the same time January is the coldest month with an average of 24.2 °C. The precipitation varies 291 mm between the driest and the wettest months. The difference between the lowest and the highest temperature is 6.5 °C.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line in Hino, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Hodokubo Station is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line and is located 11.3 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Hodokubo Station is a raised station with two tracks and two opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath. It is a standardized station building for this monorail line.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on January 10, 2000.
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 503 as it parallels the Keiō Dōbutsuen Line. The area is primarily residential.
Other points of interest include:
Hino City Yumegaoka Elementary School
Hino Takahatadai Post Office
Hino City Furusato Museum
References
External links
Tama Monorail Hodokubo Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2000
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Hino, Tokyo
Wamanripayuq (Quechua wamanripa Senecio, -yuq a suffix, "the one with the wamanripa", also spelled Huamanripayoc) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District. Wamanripayuq lies east of Awqa Pallqa.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
The Criterion Restaurant is an opulent restaurant complex facing Piccadilly Circus in the heart of London. It was built by architect Thomas Verity in Neo-Byzantine style for the partnership Spiers and Pond, which opened it in 1873. Apart from fine dining facilities it has a bar. It is a Grade II* listed building and is among the most historic and oldest restaurants in the world.
In the first Sherlock Holmes story, A Study in Scarlet, Dr. Watson is told of his prospective roommate after he meets a friend at the Criterion.
History
In 1870 the building agreement for Nos. 219–221 (consec.) Piccadilly and Nos. 8–9 Jermyn Street was purchased by Messrs. Spiers and Pond, a firm of wine merchants and caterers, who held a limited architectural competition for designs for a large restaurant and tavern with ancillary public rooms. The competition was won by architect Thomas Verity. Building work began in the summer of 1871, and was completed in 1873 at a total cost of over £80,000 (£8 million adjusted for inflation). The contractors included Messrs. Hill, Keddell and Waldram and Messrs. George Smith and Company.
It was designed by Thomas Verity as a five-level complex with its Marble Hall and Long Bar on the ground floor; dining rooms on the first and second floors; a ballroom on the third floor and a theatre in the basement. It also had an American Bar, which some view as the first American-style cocktail bar in London. The interiors of the new building were extensively decorated with ornamental tile-work, one of the first examples of the use of this material on such a scale following its successful use in the recently completed refreshment rooms at the South Kensington Museum (now the Victoria and Albert Museum).
The restaurant was opened on 17 November 1873. The new venture proved very profitable within a short time. The East Room was popular with ladies who had come to London's West End to shop.
The restaurant was a setting for many events and celebrations such as at the Royal College of Science's First Annual Dinner. The Chairman that night was H. G. Wells, the pioneer of science fiction. H. G. Wells was a regular diner at the restaurant.
The Criterion was frequently used for luncheon clubs in the early 1920s. Members met for lunch every Thursday at 1pm and the price of lunch was 4s-6d. The first recorded lunch meeting was held on 6 December 1923. The speaker was a member, Miss Joyce Partridge, FRCS, surgeon and lecturer on anatomy. The list of guest speakers was impressive and varied, including Edgar Wallace, Sir Hugh Walpole, G. K. Chesterton and Bertrand Russell.
Suffragettes at the Criterion
In April 1909 the Criterion Restaurant, renowned for its afternoon tea and in particular high standard of ladies cloakrooms, was a setting for many afternoon tea meetings organised and held by the WSPU and Christabel Pankhurst as a part of Women's suffrage in the United Kingdom.
Kate Frye, who was a member of the Actresses' Franchise League, would frequently attend and make diary entries on some of those Criterion meetings.
David Lloyd George and Winston Churchill
In 1919, the Coalition government of David Lloyd George appeared to be in a position of overwhelming strength and public support. Lloyd George's personal reputation was known to be as the "man who won the war". Yet the government faced serious problems notably in the economy and with industrial unrest. More problematic was the stability of the Coalition as a governing platform. Lloyd George was aware that a purely personal ascendancy was unlikely to be enough for turning the Coalition into a long term political force. The only ways in which the wartime spirit of national unity could be perpetuated was by appealing to the ‘higher unity' of coalition, with the creation of a single ‘fused' party to reflect the ‘fusion' taking place at parliamentary and programme level. Between July 1919 and March 1920 Lloyd George and his associates worked hard to bring the fusion project to fruition. Winston Churchill set the tone on 15 July with a speech to the New Members' Group at the Criterion Restaurant in London.
Architecture
The Criterion Restaurant's front may still be regarded as the best surviving work of Thomas Verity, a leading theatre architect of his day.
The Second Empire masterpieces of Charles Garnier—the Paris Opera House and the Monte Carlo Casino —seem to have influenced Verity's design, which is carried out in stone, now painted, and is composed of a central face slightly recessed between wings, all similar in width and three storeys high.
As originally completed, however, the first two storeys of the central face contained a great round-arched opening forming the deeply recessed entrance to the restaurant. In each wing the first two storeys have three-bay openings, wide between narrow, flanked by wide piers.
In the ground storey these piers are plain, but those above are dressed with segmental-pedimented niches containing statues.
A pedestal, with enriched panels in its die, underlines the lofty third storey where the central face has a group of three round-arched windows, their moulded archivolts rising from entablatures above plain piers flanked by Ionic half-columns.
Carved in the spandrels are draped female figures, holding festoons looped below oblong tablets.
In each of the wings paired Corinthian plain-shafted pilasters flank an Ionic Venetian window, its arched middle light being of the same size as those in the central face, with a fan-shaped lunette of wide and narrow panels, the former ornamented and the latter plain.
The main entablature has an enriched architrave, a plain frieze except for the carved panels in the breaks above the Corinthian pilasters, and a dentilled and modillioned cornice which is returned to form large triangular pediments over the two wings.
The high pedestal-parapet, its die enriched with ornamented panels, is a typically French feature, and so are the high pavilion roofs over the wings, with two tiers of dormers.
These, and the single-storey roof over the centre, are crested with railings of ornamental ironwork.
One of the restaurant's most famous features is the Long Bar, which retains the 'glistering' ceiling of gold mosaic, coved at the sides and patterned all over with lines and ornaments in blue and white tesserae.
The wall decoration accords well with the real yellow gold leaf ceiling, being lined with warm marble and formed into blind arcades with semi-elliptical arches resting on slender octagonal columns, their unmolded capitals and the impost being encrusted with goldground mosaic.
Reception
Under the ownership of Georgian entrepreneur Irakli Sopromadze, in July 2009 Marina O'Loughlin reviewed the restaurant for Metro, saying that "The Criterion is the star of the show", but criticised the "dodgy oligarch taste: the crushed-red velvet love seats, the metal statues that look like they've been liberated from TK Maxx, the unflattering lighting". O'Loughlin felt the food was "infinitely better than the food we endured during Marco Pierre White's reign".
Giles Coren from The Times reviewed the restaurant using his Twitter account awarding his overall experience a mark of 8/10.
The Criterion won the "Best London Restaurant 2011" award having been voted in at first place by the dining community.
In 2014, the restaurant held a "Certificate of Excellence" on TripAdvisor, awarded to leading dining establishments based on a strict ratings system.
In December 2015 restaurant has reopened as Savini at Criterion serving an all day classical Milanese menu until 2018 when the restaurant reopened under the Granaio brand.
Ownership
In 1992, after extensive refurbishment, the room was re-opened under the management of Bob Payton's My Kinda Town Restaurant Group as The Criterion Brasserie. My Kinda Town ran the restaurant until July 1995 when the lease was taken by Marco Pierre White who arranged for it to be refurbished by top interior designer, David Collins.
In 2009 Criterion Restaurant was bought by Irakli Sopromadze of VINS Holdings carrying out a "gentle and sympathetic" restoration of the venue including the refurbishment of the premises and upgrading of the kitchen and equipment. Irakli Sopromadze relaunched the restaurant in May 2009 and planned to acquire other restaurant opportunities in central London.
In June 2015, decision was made to place the restaurant into administration following a rent review decision resulting in 60% rental uplift.
In December 2015, the Gatto family, owner of the Savini Restaurant in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan, reopened the restaurant with the name of Savini At Criterion.
The Savini restaurant closed on 27 June 2018, with a planned reopening as part of the Granaio chain at the end of July 2018. However, as of October 2021, it has reopened.
Literary references
In the first Sherlock Holmes story, A Study in Scarlet, Dr. Watson is told of his prospective roommate after he meets a friend at the Criterion, "I was standing at the Criterion Bar, when some one tapped me on the shoulder, and turning round I recognized young Stamford, who had been a dresser under me at Barts."
A plaque commemorating this event was placed there in 1953.
The Criterion Bar is one of only two establishments permitted to serve liquor in G.K. Chesterton's 1914 novel, The Flying Inn.
The British opium addict Grosely recalls yearning for the Criterion Bar in W. Somerset Maugham's short story "Mirage" from On a Chinese Screen (1922), where it represents the London of his youth, far from the squalid life he now leads in Haiphong.
In P G Wodehouse's short story Indian Summer of an Uncle (1930) Bertie Wooster's Uncle George is unexpectedly reunited with an old flame whom he met when she was a waitress at the Criterion.
In popular culture
Russell Crowe character Max Skinner meets up with his friend and real estate agent Charlie Willis (Tom Hollander) at Criterion Restaurant to discuss Max's plans for his vineyard estate in France in A Good Year.
The Criterion was featured in The Dark Knight during the restaurant scene when Bruce Wayne tells his guests that he owns the restaurant when they questioned whether they be allowed to move tables together.
The Criterion was the restaurant of choice in London Boulevard when Rob Gant (Ray Winstone) requests to meet Harry Mitchel (Colin Farrell) for dinner somewhere decent. When they meet at the restaurant Rob tries to force Harry to work for him, however he refuses and storms out but not before throwing cash on the table for the steak he ordered.
In the film Gambit, a pair of art hustlers Harry Deane (Colin Firth) and PJ Puznowski (Cameron Diaz) are having dinner with Harry's abusive boss Lord Shabandar (Alan Rickman), who introduces PJ to Martin Zaidenweber (Stanley Tucci). He tells PJ that Martin has been assigned to curate his private collection.
In the fourth series of Downton Abbey character Lady Edith Crawley (Laura Carmichael) meets Michael Gregson (Charles Edwards) at the Criterion for dinner. She tells Michael that she never could have eaten at a public restaurant before the war, although her mother would allow the Ritz on very rare occasions. She remarks that she loves the Criterion. While they are here Edith and Michael share their first kiss.
In Last Night In Soho, a photo of Eloise (Thomasin Mckenzie) and her mother shows the Restaurant in background.
See also
Criterion Reviver cocktail
References
Citations
Sources
External links
The free company report: http://intercreditreport.com/company/criterion-events-ltd-07915685 .
Byzantine Revival architecture
Grade II* listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Piccadilly Circus
Restaurants established in 1873
Restaurants in London
Buildings and structures on Piccadilly
The 1958 Drexel Dragons men's soccer team was the 12th season of the program's existence. The program competed as an independent during the 1958 ISFA season, the final year before the NCAA began sponsor collegiate varsity soccer.
The 1958 season was the most accomplished season in program history. Drexel posted a perfect 12-0-0 record, and won the ISFA National Championship, the predecessor to the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. The Dragons scored a record 76 goals in 12 matches, while only conceding 15. Drexel was led by Polish striker Stanislav Długosz, who had 57 points on the season, which remains a record for Drexel. During their match against Rider, Igor Lissy had a program record three assists, a record that would not be tied until 1991. Lissy led the team in scoring with 22 goals in just 12 matches. Outside of the ISFA title, Drexel won the Middle Atlantic States Athletic Conference.
Robert Muschek, Długosz and Ozzie Jethon were named All-Americans at the end of the season.
Head coach Donald Y. Yonker was inducted into the United Soccer Coaches Hall of Fame in 1992.
Roster
The following players were part of Drexel's squad during the 1958 season:
Schedule
|-
!colspan=6 style=""| Exhibition
|-
|-
!colspan=6 style=""| Regular season
|-
|-
|}
References
Drexel Dragons
Drexel Dragons
Drexel Dragons men's soccer seasons
Drexel Dragons, Soccer
Drexel
Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association Championship-winning seasons
Robert Ashley Steen, (August 12, 1933 in Winnipeg, Manitoba – May 10, 1979) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1966 to 1969, and later served as the 38th Mayor of Winnipeg from 1977 to 1979.
Steen was educated at the University of Manitoba and the Manitoba Law School, was called to the Manitoba bar in 1959 and worked as a barrister and solicitor. In March 1979, he was appointed Queen's Counsel for his exceptional merit and contribution to the legal profession.
His brother Warren also served on Winnipeg city council and in the provincial assembly.
Steen was an adviser to the federal Minister of Veterans Affairs in 1961, and to the provincial Minister of Education in 1965.
He was elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1966 provincial election, winning a relatively easy victory in the Winnipeg riding of St. Matthews. For the next three years, he served as a backbench supporter of the governments of Dufferin Roblin and Walter Weir.
The Progressive Conservatives were defeated by the New Democratic Party in the 1969 provincial election, and Steen lost his seat to NDP candidate Wally Johannson by almost 800 votes. He tried to return to the legislature in the 1973 provincial election, but finished third against Liberal leader Izzy Asper in the riding of Wolseley.
He had much greater success in municipal politics. Steen was elected to the Winnipeg City Council in the elections of 1971 and 1974. Originally aligned with the right-wing Independent Citizens' Election Committee, Steen later broke away from this group and emerged as an independent centrist.
In 1977, Winnipeg mayor Stephen Juba announced his retirement after twenty years in office. He made this announcement in the most dramatic manner possible, waiting until almost the last moment before declaring that he would not file nomination papers (many believe he did this to prevent Bernie Wolfe from organizing a campaign to succeed him).
Steen, who had entered the race as a long-shot candidate, suddenly found himself supported by Juba's north-end support base. Although not a left-wing candidate, he was seen by many on the left as more palatable than Bill Norrie, the candidate of the ICEC. The results were extremely close, with Steen defeating Norrie by 69,818 votes to 67,999.
Steen had developed a reputation as a master deal maker during his time in council but died of liver cancer on May 10, 1979 soon after taking office. Bill Norrie easily won the by-election that followed.
He served as chairman of the board for the Misericordia Hospital in Winnipeg, the hospital where he was born and later died.
In 1980, the National Film Board of Canada issued a documentary film entitled "The New Mayor", covering Steen's rise to power.
The Robert A. Steen Community Centre is named in his honour. Each year, the winner of the Manitoba Marathon is awarded the Mayor Robert Steen Memorial Trophy. The Mayor Robert Steen Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the top pins over average bowler at the Manitoba Master Bantam Junior 5 Pin Bowling Tournament.
References
External links
1933 births
1979 deaths
Deaths from liver cancer
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Mayors of Winnipeg
The Electoral district of Counties of Murray and St Vincent was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor. It was a new electorate created in 1851 by the expansion of the Legislative Council to 54, 18 to be appointed and 36 elected. The district consisted of the rural areas of Murray County, which had previously been part of Counties of Murray, King and Georgiana, and St Vincent County, which had previously been part of Counties of St Vincent and Auckland. The towns of Braidwood and Queanbeyan were not part of the district, being included in Southern Boroughs.
In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorate of United Counties of Murray and St Vincent.
Members
Election results
1851
1855
Alick Osborne resigned in February 1855.
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
Russell Alfred Pomeroy (June 23, 1927 – April 6, 2019) was an American football linebacker and guard who played for Stanford from 1949 to 1950.
Pomeroy was born in 1927 on a ranch in Fontenelle, Wyoming. He attended Whittier Union High School in Whittier, California. He served in the U.S. Merchant Marines and also as a U.S. Army paratrooper.
In 1950, he received the Pop Warner Trophy as the outstanding senior football player on the West Coast. He was also selected by both the Associated Press (AP), the United Press (UP), and the conference coaches as a first-team linebacker on the 1950 All-Pacific Coast football team.
Pomeroy received a degree in petroleum geology and spent his career working in oil and gas exploration in Wyoming, Colorado, and Utah. He worked for many years for Occidental Petroleum before forming his own company, Sunburst Exploration, developing oil fields in Utah and Colorado.
References
1927 births
2019 deaths
American football linebackers
Stanford Cardinal football players
People from Whittier, California
Players of American football from Wyoming
The Black Belly of the Tarantula is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Paolo Cavara. It is one of many Italian giallo films to be inspired by Dario Argento's successful debut thriller The Bird with the Crystal Plumage. The film was shot on location in Rome, Italy, in 1970. It starred Giancarlo Giannini, Barbara Bouchet, and Barbara Bach. Ennio Morricone did the music score for the film. Though fairly obscure for many years the film has recently made a comeback thanks to the rising fan base for the giallo genre. The film has gained much praise from the horror community, one writer at Horrorview.com cited it as the best giallo ever made. Blue Underground Entertainment released the film on DVD in 2006.
Plot
Maria is interrupted during a massage by her angry husband, Paolo. He has proof she has been unfaithful to him, though she denies it. That night, someone dressed in black and wearing surgical gloves brutally murders her after injecting her with a chemical that leaves her paralyzed but still conscious. The next day, the inspector assigned to the case, Tellini, questions Paolo. The police find a picture of Maria caressed by a man's hand, but his identity is unknown because half the picture is missing. At home that night, Tellini confesses to his artist wife, Anna, that he doesn't feel cut out for homicide investigations.
Tellini continues to investigate the crime and trace the needles used in the crime to a local doctor. The doctor protests his innocence, and when Tellini leaves the office, he is accosted by Paolo. Paolo too insists he is innocent and plans to conduct his own investigation. The killer strikes again, this time murdering a clothing store owner with no connection to Maria. Tellini visits a scientist acquaintance of the woman, who demonstrates that a species of wasp will use a toxin to paralyze and eviscerate a tarantula to lay its eggs in the corpse. Tellini has the scientist arrested on drug possession charges.
Laura, who owns the spa that Maria patronized the day of her death, phones Mario, who was Maria's lover in the picture. He and Laura take photos of lovers to blackmail them, and she tells him to deliver the last batch of photos of Maria's indiscretions to a woman named Franca. When Mario goes to deliver the package, Tellini and Paolo (who is now working with Tellini) chase him. After a brief struggle with Mario, Paolo falls to his death, but Mario is then run down by a car in the street below. Shortly after being interviewed by Tellini, Franca is murdered. But the police rule that Mario was the killer of all three women. When a tape of Tellini and his wife making love is made public, Tellini again determines to leave the force. But when he is nearly killed in a staged automobile accident, he realizes he needs to solve at least this one last crime.
One of Laura's spa employees, Jenny, resigns in protest of the blackmail ring. Laura obliquely threatens her life, but their conversation is interrupted by the spa's blind masseur. Jenny spends the night at a friend's house but is followed by the killer who brutally murders her, and then leaves her body in a trash bag to be found the following day. Tellini interviews some of Jenny's coworkers, including the aloof Laura, a nurse who wears gloves identical to the killer's, and the blind masseur, who takes off his darkened glasses to reveal colorless, unseeing eyes.
That night, Laura telephones Tellini to inform him that she has determined the killer's identity. But when he goes to the spa, he finds her dead, with a colorless contact lens next to her body. Realizing the masseur had been faking his blindness and was indeed the killer, Tellini races home to find the killer attacking Anna. The men struggle, and Tellini subdues him and saves Anna. The next day, a psychiatrist tells Tellini that the masseur had begun faking his sightlessness after killing his unfaithful, sexually voracious wife; he then continued to kill to satisfy his inner demons. Satisfied at solving the case but still disillusioned with police work, Tellini wanders the crowded streets of Rome.
Cast
Giancarlo Giannini as Inspector Tellini
Claudine Auger as Laura
Barbara Bouchet as Maria Zani
Rossella Falk as Franca Valentino
Silvano Tranquilli as Paolo Zani
Annabella Incontrera as Mirta Ricci
Ezio Marano as Masseur
Barbara Bach as Jenny
Stefania Sandrelli as Anna Tellini
Giancarlo Prete as Mario
Eugene Walter as Ginetto, the waiter
Nino Vingelli as Inspector Di Giacomo
Carla Mancini
References
Sources
P. Bondanella, History of italian cinema, 2009
Luther-Smith,Adrian (1999). Blood and Black Lace: The Definitive Guide to Italian Sex and Horror Movies. Stray Cat Publishing Ltd. p. 9
External links
1971 films
1970s Italian-language films
Italian serial killer films
1970s mystery films
1971 horror films
Giallo films
French detective films
Italian detective films
Crime horror films
Mystery horror films
Films scored by Ennio Morricone
1970s crime thriller films
Films directed by Paolo Cavara
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Italian horror films
Films set in Rome
1970s exploitation films
Films shot in Rome
1970s slasher films
1970s Italian films
1970s French films
A Rising Thunder is a science fiction novel by American writer by David Weber, released on March 6, 2012 by Baen Books. It is the thirteenth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series. The novel was originally split into two books due to its size, leading in a delay of publication.
Plot summary
The book begins in March 1922 P.D., sometime before the end of the previous novel, as tensions continue to escalate between the Star Empire of Manticore and the Solarian League after a number of battles. Manticore recalls all of its merchant vessels from Solarian space, and takes control of several wormholes, denying access to Solarian traffic. As the repercussions of these actions begin to reverberate throughout the League, its unelected controlling bureaucrats, known derisively as "the five Mandarins", start feeling the pressure from the transstellar corporations and criticism from the media. While it is clear that Manticore is in a position to inflict tremendous damage to the League economy, the Mandarins are not willing to pay the political and diplomatic price of taking responsibility for the actions of the League Navy, and continue to believe in the League Navy's technological superiority over the mere "neobarbs" of the Star Empire. They support Admiral Rajampet's planned invasion of the Manticore System, despite the risk that failure would make them look even weaker.
In the meantime, Captain Anton Zilwicki and Agent Victor Cachat arrive on Haven and present to President Eloise Pritchart their evidence of Mesan involvement in the assassinations that triggered the resumption of hostilities between Haven and Manticore. Upon hearing this and supporting information from a Mesan defector, Dr. Herlander Simões, Pritchart sets out on an unprecedented state visit to Manticore. The evidence is presented to a reluctant Empress Elizabeth, who is finally convinced that Haven is no longer the enemy and agrees not only to negotiate a peace treaty but to accept Pritchart's offer of military alliance against the upcoming League attack (a "re-run" of the same scene from Mission of Honor). Hearing about this visit and the intelligence Zilwicki and Cachat brought with them regarding Mesa's plans, the Beowulf government joins the new "Grand Alliance". Shortly afterward, Protector Benjamin Mayhew arrives from Grayson to participate in the peace talks and to represent the other members of the Manticoran Alliance. The Sphinxian treecats, of whom Honor's companion Nimitz is one, communicate to Honor their ability to detect the instant when a Mesan nanotech victim is triggered and offer to help defend the humans against it.
At Beowulf, a fleet meant to reinforce the League's 11th Fleet attempts to transition through the wormhole junction but is forced to retreat by the combined forces of the Beowulf System Defense Force and a Manticoran task force under the command of Admiral Alice Truman. Meanwhile, Solarian Admiral Filareta arrives at Manticore at the head of 11th Fleet, 427 superdreadnoughts strong, to find Honor with only 40 Manticoran SDs to her name. He confidently ignores her warnings that the Alliance is more than ready to deal with his attack. Harrington's trap involves another 150 Grayson SDs lying in stealth in front of 11th Fleet, while Haven's 250 SDs drop out of hyperspace behind it. (The Second Battle of Manticore, like the first, sets a record as the largest space battle in history.) Filareta realizes that his position is hopeless and orders a surrender, but his operations officer, a victim of the Mesan nanotech, instead triggers a wild launch of unarmed missiles and then a hidden bomb, destroying the flagship's bridge and killing everyone therein including himself. The resulting "battle" ends with nearly 300 Solarian ships destroyed at the cost of only a few LACs, and 1.2 million Solarians KIA, another 1.4 million captured, to a mere 2,000 Alliance casualties.
Upon news of 11th Fleet's destruction, the Mandarins find themselves having to deal with the resulting blow to the League's prestige. They accuse Manticore of perfidy and Beowulf of treason for its discordance with League policy towards Manticore. Their efforts to sway the public are successful. Meanwhile, Queen Elizabeth helps organize the marriage of the heir apparent, Prince Roger, to which much of Haven's political leaders are invited. President Pritchart announces that their peace treaty has been ratified by the Haven senate and that the Second Havenite-Manticoran War is officially over.
Admiral Rajampet is forced to kill himself by Mesan nanotech control. His deputy, Admiral Winston Kingsford, becomes the acting head of the Solarian League Navy. He informs Kolokoltsov that Manticore's technological advantage is so overwhelming that any further military confrontations would be a one-sided massacre similar to the Second Battle of Manticore. Even worse is the economic and political analysis. Ultimately, Kingsford presents Kolokoltsov with their only option: fighting a commerce-raiding war, until they can match Manticore's military capability or sue for terms. Kolokoltsov convinces the other Mandarins that their best chance to stay in power is to adopt Kingsford's recommendations, score some victories and only then attempt a negotiated settlement. They also have the Beowulfan government investigated for treason to divert attention away from their own failings. This maneuver results in the head of the Beowulf delegation to the Assembly declaring that her government intends to invoke a never-before-used section of the League constitution which allows member systems to secede from the League, to be confirmed by a referendum of Beowulfan voters (which is certain to pass by a huge majority).
Reception
A Rising Thunder debuted at #3 on the New York Times Bestseller List. It dropped to #15 in the second week, #25 in the third week, #27 in the fourth week, and dropped off the list on April 22, 2012.
Readers on the Baen Ebooks site have offered mixed opinions on the book, some criticizing it for being too long without enough action, and others praising it for being "more focused" and containing less "meaningless rambling dialog", and "still very good".
Liz Bourke, in her review on Tor.com, expressed disappointment in the "continuing...lack of focus" in the recent Honor Harrington books, which lack the "enthusiasm and vibrancy" of the earlier books. She also found "the spiraling profusion of names" caused problems in the political discussions and battle sequences, allowing for "little unity". Despite the problems she found, Bourke says there are "flashes" of the "solid character[s] and solid action and a relatively entertaining flow of techsposition", just less than is usually found in Weber's work.
References
External links
March 2012 section of Baen's Publishing schedule page.
"Snippets" area available at DW's web site and here.
The first eight chapters are available to view online.
See also the forum where Honorverse topics, including "ART" are discussed.
2012 American novels
2012 science fiction novels
Honorverse books
Novels by David Weber
The fungoid frog or Malabar Hills frog (Hydrophylax malabaricus) is a colourful frog found on the forest floor and lower vegetation in the Western Ghats in south-western India from Bombay to Kerala. It is very similar to another species with which it overlaps partly in range, Hydrophylax bahuvistara which extends further into parts of central India.
Although restricted in range within peninsular India, they are of the least conservation concern. Their upper parts vary in colour from brownish-red to bright crimson.
Description
Vomerine teeth in two oval oblique groups between the choanae. Head moderate, depressed; snout moderate, hardly as long as the diameter of the orbit, subacuminate, moderately prominent; L'Oréal region concave; nostril nearer to the end of the snout than to the eye; interorbital space rather narrower than the upper eyelid; tympanum very distinct, nearly as large as the eye. fingers moderate, first extending beyond second; toes rather short, half webbed : tips of fingers and toes swollen; subarticular tubercles very strong; inner metatarsal tubercle oval, blunt; a large rounded tubercle at the base of the fourth toe; no tarsal fold. The tibio-tarsal articulation reaches the tympanum or the eye. Skin finely granulate above; a broad, not very prominent glandular lateral fold; a strong glandular fold from below the eye to the shoulder, followed by one or two glandules. Head and body bright crimson above, blackish brown on the sides; back sometimes with a few small black spots; upper lip, and a series of spots on the flank, white ; limbs blackish brown above, spotted and marbled with pale brown and while; beneath uniform white, or marbled brown and white.
References
Hylarana
Frogs of India
Fauna of Maharashtra
Endemic fauna of the Western Ghats
Amphibians described in 1838
The Cocodrilos de Tabasco Fútbol Club, commonly known as Cocodrilos, was a Mexican football club based in Villahermosa. The club was founded in 2017, and played in the Serie A of Liga Premier.
History
On June 22, 2017, Francisco Negrete Arceo announced the foundation of Isleños del Carmen and, at the same time, the call for the views that would begin the following day.
On September 13, 2017, the board announced the transfer of the equipment to Villahermosa, Tabasco, after having problems with the original headquarters in Ciudad del Carmen.
In July 2018 the team was promoted to Serie A as part of a franchise expansion, so it achieved its promotion automatically.
On the other hand, in August of the same year, it was announced that the team will have a subsidiary team in Third Division from season 2018-19.
Players
Current squad
References
Villahermosa
Football clubs in Tabasco
Association football clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Mexico
Liga Premier de México
Yunlin () is a railway station at Huwei Township, Yunlin County, Taiwan served by Taiwan High Speed Rail.
History
05 January 2007: The segment from Banqiao to Zuoying opened for service, but not including Yunlin station.
01 December 2015: Yunlin station, along with Changhua and Miaoli stations, open for service.
Overview
The elevated station has two side platforms. It was opened on 1 December 2015. In March 2011, three planned roads to serve the station were cancelled due to land subsidence in the area, possibly due to overpumping of underground water.
HSR services
HSR services (1)3xx, (1)5xx, and (8)8xx call at this station.
Transfer to downtown
Yunlin HSR station, along with Changhua and Chiayi HSR stations, are currently the only three HSR stations with no additional rail service. Thus, Douliu railway station cannot be accessed by TRA services, but only by bus.
Around the station
Huwei Science Park of Central Taiwan Science Park
NTU Hospital Huwei Campus
National Formosa University new campus.
See also
List of railway stations in Taiwan
References
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Railway stations in Yunlin County
2015 establishments in Taiwan
The Golden Mile (La Milla de Oro) is a term for a stretch of land that lays home to a group of wineries in the province of Valladolid, Castilla y Leon, Spain. Geographically they lay along the Duero river starting at Tudela de Duero in the west and continuing on until it reaches Peñafiel in the east along the N-122 motorway. The wineries associated include: Vega Sicilia, Pingus, Abadia Retuerta, Alión and Mauro. Among the grapes grown in the area are Tempranillo, Cabernet Sauvignon, and Syrah.
References
Wine regions of Spain
Province of Valladolid
Wągrodno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately north of Ruja, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 276.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Queen City FC was an American soccer team based in Buffalo, New York, United States. Founded in 2006, the team played in the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), a national amateur league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, until 2008, when the franchise was sold to Mike Share in October 2008 and the team changed names to Buffalo City FC.
The team played its home games All-High Stadium. The team's colors were sky blue and black.
The Front Office consisted of: Executive Director and General Manager, Christopher Keem; Controller, Dennis Behrens; Director of Community Outreach, Micheal Strangio; Technical Director, Brendan Murphy; Director of Field Hockey (offshoot of Queen City FC), Jessica Murphy; Director of Scouting, Kevin Brenner; Transportation Coordinator, Jake Szopinski ; Director of Media Relations, Ryan Knapp; Strength and Conditioning, Chris Nentarz.
Supporters Group was led by Jamey Vann, and the name was "The O'Block"
Queen City FC is also the name of an unrelated youth soccer club based in South Burlington, founded in 2011 by Shane Bufano.
History
Queen City FC was started by former professional and college players looking for a side to support in the Greater Buffalo area, with the only high level football played in the area being in Rochester with the Rochester Raging Rhinos, and the MLS expansion team Toronto FC in Toronto.
In 2007, Queen City FC won the northeast division and competed for the National NPSL Finals only to lose by one goal. Their debut season can be noted as one of the most successful debut seasons in Buffalo sports history.
After a successful two seasons, their franchise rights were transferred to Buffalo City FC. Buffalo City FC would later become FC Buffalo in 2009.
Players
Player Roster (2006–2008)
Year-by-year
Honors
NPSL Northeast Division Champions (2007)
NPSL National Finalist (2007)
Head coaches
Michael Middleton (2007)
Thomas Cordaro (2007–2008)
Stadia
All-High Stadium; Buffalo, New York (2007–2008)
Supporters
The club's supporters group were known as "The O-Block".
External links
National Premier Soccer League
Queen City FC MySpace
Queen City Football Club website
National Premier Soccer League teams
Sports in Buffalo, New York
Association football clubs established in 2006
Men's soccer clubs in New York (state)
2006 establishments in New York (state)
2008 disestablishments in New York (state)
Association football clubs disestablished in 2008
Defunct soccer clubs in New York (state)
The Transport (London) Act 1969 (1969 c. 35) was an Act of the United Kingdom Parliament which abolished the London Transport Board. Its main functions were transferred to a new London Transport Executive under the auspices of the Greater London Council. The Country Bus and Coach Department was separated as London Country Bus Services, a subsidiary of the National Bus Company.
See also
Transport Act 1968
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1969
Railway Acts
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning London
1969 in London
1969 in transport
Transport policy in the United Kingdom
Transport legislation
History of transport in the United Kingdom
Homona issikii is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China, the Russian Far East, Japan and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 20 mm. There are two generations per year in China with adults appearing in late May.
The larvae feed on Cryptomeria fortunei and Cryptomeria japonica. The species overwinters as a young larva within the leaves of dying branches. The larvae begin to be active early April of the following year. Newly hatched larvae usually feed on leaf flesh and only the epidermis remains. Later instars web several shoots together to form a temporary nest, and feed on the leaves and epidermis of the shoot from within their nest. Pupation takes place within the nest.
References
Moths described in 1962
Homona (moth)
Moths of Japan
Mastoreh Rahmani () is an Iranian former footballer who played as a defender. She has been a member of the Iran women's national team.
References
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Iran women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ferenc Hill is located in the Buda Hills in the 2nd district of Budapest.
Background
The mountain is 265 meters high, a flat narrow ridge that joins the group of the Three Border Mountain. It is located northwest of . Its surface is formed of nummulite limestone on the Upper Triassic dolomite base, and "briozoi" and "Buda marl" is also found here.
The northern slope of the promontory, which overlooks the and the , is very steep, but the eastern, western and especially southern sides are already sloping. To the southeast, spacious saddles separate it from and . The ridge of Ferenc Hill stretches west to the Géza Gárdonyi meadow, but the name of the mountain only applies to the part between and Pusztaszeri út. It is named after one of the statues erected here in the 18th century. On the ridge and on the north slope there is a karst forest, while on the south slope there are houses with gardens. The mountain is excellent for bird watching: blackbird, blue tit, chaffinch, greenfinch, great spotted woodpecker and firecrest can also be observed here.
At the south-western end of the hill is the closed and licensed , and part of the town .
Scouting
The 1928 Scouting World Conference was held in Budapest, with a May 6 rally at the Hárshegy Training Park attended by 9,647 Scouts. The Chief Scout, Lord Robert Baden-Powell of Gilwell visited in Budapest, from May 5–8, 1928. On May 7, he visited at the Hárshegy Training Park, and left his footprint on the sand. The Hungarian scouts made the B-P's Footprint statue in the Harshegy Training Park.
The Hárshegy Training Park was located on Ferenc Hill, and the street address of the HQ was Hárshegy út 7. From 1927 and 1948 it was the central leader training park (the Hungarian Gilwell Park) of the Hungarian Scout Association. In 1948, the communist regime destroyed the scout park, and banned the scout movement. The Council Rock is still there.
Further reading
References
Bibliography
External links
Discover forested Ferenc Hill, a green oasis above Budapest
Neighbourhoods of Budapest
2nd District of Budapest
Buda Hills
Kri or KRI may refer to:
Languages
Kri language, a Vietic language
Krio language (ISO 639-3 ISO language code kri), spoken in Sierra Leone
Other uses
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, an autonomous region in northern Iraq
Kri (film), a 2018 Nepalese film
Karikho Kri, politician from Arunachal Pradesh, India
Indonesian Navy ship prefix KRI ()
Key risk indicator, a measure used in management
Koichi's Ruby Interpreter, for the programming language
Kranji railway station, West Java, Indonesia (station code)
Russian Game Developers Conference (KRI; ; КРИ)
See also
Kris (disambiguation)
KUAD-FM (99.1 FM, "K99") is a country music-formatted radio station licensed to Windsor, Colorado, United States. The station serves the Ft. Collins-Greeley and Cheyenne areas. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
On February 4, 2019, KUAD-FM rebranded from "K99" to "New Country 99.1".
On April 29, 2022, KUAD-FM returned to its "K99" branding.
Previous logo
References
External links
UAD-FM
Radio stations established in 1964
Townsquare Media radio stations
Country radio stations in the United States
Antonio Rodríguez Hernández, known as Julio Antonio (6 February 1889, Mora de Ebro – 15 February 1919, Madrid) was a Spanish sculptor.
Biography
He began studying sculpture at a local school in Tarragona, followed by an apprenticeship in the workshops of , in Barcelona. His first fully original sculpture, "Flores malsanas" (Wilting Flowers), which he later destroyed, was created when they moved to Murcia.
Upon turning eighteen, he went to Madrid, with a scholarship from the . There, he worked in the studios of Miguel Blay, one of Spain's best known sculptors at that time. Despite his good experiences with Blay, he decided to leave and undertake a journey throughout the country with his friend, the painter . Later, they would set up their own studio together. In 1908, he created his first major work, "María, la gitana" (Maria, the Gypsy); which expressed his own personality and broke with the prevailing popular styles.
He also worked as an illustration, providing drawings for works by , and Ramón Gómez de la Serna, among others.
Just as his work was beginning to receive popular acclaim, he died of tuberculosis, aged thirty. His best known work is a monument for those who defended Tarragona during the Peninsular War. He worked on it from 1910 until shortly before his death. Due to financing problems and disagreements over its location, it was not dedicated until 1931. A funerary monument for the Lemonier family, to honor their eldest son, who died at the age of eleven, is also among his familiar creations. It was never placed at the tomb, and is now in the
In November 2018, in preparation for the centenary of his death, his remains and those of his mother were exhumed from the Cementerio de la Almudena in Madrid, and relocated to the cemetery in Mora de Ebro.
Sources
Carolyn P. Boyd, "Julio Antonio, the “sculptor of the race”: The making of a modernist myth", in: Historia y Política #37 pp.395-413
María Victoria Gómez Alfeo, Fernando García Rodríguez, "Documentación y análisis de las críticas de arte sobre el escultor Julio Antonio, "el amado de la crítica"" in: Documentación de las Ciencias de la Información, Vol.27, pp.75-96
Silvio Lago, "Artistas contemporáneos. Julio Antonio" in: La Esfera, #268, 1919
Antonio Salcedo Miliani, Julio Antonio 1889-1919 Escultor, Barcelona Àmbit Serveis Editorials, 1997
External links
"Traslladen a Móra d'Ebre les restes de l'escultor Julio Antonio" @ YouTube (In Catalán, no subtitles)
1889 births
1919 deaths
Spanish sculptors
Spanish illustrators
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
People from Ribera d'Ebre
Tuberculosis deaths in Spain
Charles Raphael (Rafael in some sources) is a former U.S. soccer forward who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1988. He played professionally for nine years.
Player
Youth
In 1978, Raphael's U-12 youth team won the Miami Junior Orange Bowl tournament which featured 96 teams from across North America. He attended Bishop Ireton High School and attended George Mason University in 1988.
Professional
Raphael played at least the 1988 American Soccer League season with the Washington Stars. In 1990, he rejoined the Stars, who now played in the American Professional Soccer League. The team waived him on May 11, 1990.
National team
Raphael earned one cap with the U.S. national team. The game was a 1-0 win over Costa Rica on June 14, 1988. He was replaced by Steve Snow.
Coaching
In 2001, he became the head coach to the Patuxent High School girls soccer team. Previously to that, he coached the Herndon High School girls team. He also coaches youth soccer with the Calvert Soccer Association.THE BLITZ
References
George Mason Patriots men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
American Soccer League (1988–89) players
American Professional Soccer League players
Washington Stars players
American soccer coaches
Living people
American soccer players
Association football forwards
Year of birth missing (living people)
The following is a list of prominent people belonging to the Meitei people.
Artists
filmmakers
Aribam Syam Sharma
Poets and writers
Angom Gopi, poet, writer
Athletes
Dingko Singh , Boxer, Asian Games gold medalist
Saikhom Mirabai Chanu , weightlifting, Olympic medallist
Entertainers
Actors/Actresses
Kaiku Rajkumar
Musicians
Hamom Sadananda
Politicians
Nazmul Hassan Papon
Ivy Rahman
N. Biren Singh, current Chief Minister of Manipur
Scholars and Social activists
Irom Chanu Sharmila
Other notables
Military and gallantry award recipients
Laishram Jyotin Singh, Ashok Chakra Recipient
See also
List of people by nationality
References
Manipur-related lists
Meitei
Rennell Glacier () is a glacier, long, in the Pioneer Heights, Heritage Range. It drains northwest, to the east of Inferno Ridge, to join Splettstoesser Glacier. Named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party to these mountains, 1963–64, for K.P. Rennell, biologist with the party.
References
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Elsie E. Stevens (born 1907) was a British artist, known for her landscape paintings in both oil and watercolours.
Was or is?
Biography
Stevens was born in Brighton on the south coast of England. Beginning in 1961, she studied painting privately in London with the Polish émigré artist Marian Bohusz-Szyszko in London and then the two worked together for some 15 years. Stevens had solo exhibitions at several commercial galleries including the Alwin Gallery, the Woodstock Gallery and both the Loggia and Barrett Galleries. She also had exhibitions in Amsterdam, Dublin, Durham, Eastbourne and at the Gardner Arts Centre at the University of Sussex in Brighton during 1973. Stevens was a member of the Free Painters and Sculptors group and for many years lived at Barcombe near Lewes before eventually moving to a nursing home at Wivelsfield Green.
References
1907 births
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
English women painters
Artists from Brighton
Year of death missing
People from Barcombe
People from Wivelsfield
Steve Smith is a Grammy award-winning English singer and musician, best known as the vocalist for the house music group Dirty Vegas and as the percussionist for the new wave band Squeeze. He has recorded albums and played concerts for alternate rock band Portugal the Man since 2008.
Musical career
Higher Ground
In 1992, Smith joined a band called Higher Ground, as a percussionist. Shortly after, band's lead singer left, and Smith became the lead vocalist. The group disbanded in the late 1990s.
Dirty Vegas
After Higher Ground disbanded, Smith met Paul Harris, a European club DJ, at a Swiss party. They formed a dance group called Dirty Vegas, and shortly thereafter recruited Ben Harris, who had worked at a Camden recording studio. One of the group's early songs, "Days Go By", caught the attention of a Mitsubishi executive, who tracked the group down personally to procure rights to use the song in a car advert. The song subsequently became a top 40 hit in the UK and the US. The group subsequently released their self-titled debut album, which reached the top 10 on the Billboard 200 and was certified Gold by the RIAA less than two months after its release. Dirty Vegas went on tour to promote the album, and served as an opening act for artists including Groove Armada, Moby, and Underworld.
In 2004, the band released their second album, "One;" the album was panned by critics, and was a commercial disappointment, failing to enter the Billboard 200 or the UK Albums chart. The album contained one hit single: "Walk into the Sun", which reached number one on the US Dance Club Songs and the US Dance/Mix Show Airplay charts.
Dirty Vegas went on hiatus, during which time Smith worked on a solo record. The group re-joined in 2011, and released their third album, "Electric Love", in April of that year. A single from the album, "Little White Doves", was certified Gold in Italy. Ben Harris left the group, and Dirty Vegas returned as a duo in 2015, releasing their fourth studio album, "Photograph".
Solo
In 2006, Smith began recording his first solo album, "This Town", which was released on 22 January 2008.
Smith performed at a gala for Prince William at Kensington Palace in November 2016. He also composed the score for the film "Boys & Girls Guide to Getting Down".
In February 2017, Smith released an EP titled Union. The EP included a single called "My Favorite Shoes". Regarding the song, Smith stated that the song "is a simple feel-good story about two people who have become slightly lost in their world of jobs, modern living, kids etc. One is saying to the other, let's forget about those things that we feel tie us down."
Squeeze
In July 2017, the new wave band Squeeze announced that Smith had joined their official lineup as their new percussionist and backing vocalist.
Personal life
Smith lives in Boston, Massachusetts.
Discography
With Dirty Vegas
"Dirty Vegas" (2002)
"One" (2004)
"Electric Love" (2011)
"Photograph" (2015)
Solo
"This Town" (2007)
"Modern World" (2013)
Union EP (2017)
References
External links
Steve Smith's official site
Steve Smith's Myspace
1972 births
Living people
English house musicians
British percussionists
English male singers
Kelly Reno (born June 19, 1966) is a former child actor, rancher, and trucker. At age 11, he was cast in the role of Alec Ramsey, the young boy who is marooned on a deserted island along with an Arabian horse, in The Black Stallion (based on the novel by Walter Farley).
Early life, family and education
Reno was born in Pueblo, Colorado. His parents, Bud and Ruth, were cattle ranchers. He graduated from high school in 1984.
Career
After responding to an open casting call, he was cast at age 13 as the main character, Alec Ramsey, in The Black Stallion. Directed by Carroll Ballard an co-starring Mickey Rooney and Teri Garr, the film was made in 1979. Reno did nearly all of his own action scenes in the movie. He reprised the role in the 1983 film adaptation of Farley's The Black Stallion Returns much of which was filmed in Morocco.
He performed as an Alamo messenger who travels through time in "Alamo Jobe", a 1985 episode in Steven Spielberg's anthology TV series Amazing Stories.
After graduating from high school, Reno was driving a pick-up truck that was hit by a semi-truck. The resultant injuries were severe, and the long recovery time squelched his acting career. After 20 years as a cattle rancher, Reno became a semi-truck driver.
Personal life
Reno married 1986 and had three children Ryan, Raelyn, and Justin with Lynette Tuttle. They divorced in 1996. They were reported to be residents of the Pueblo, Colorado, area. He later married second wife Annette Crump in 1994 and divorced two years later. He married his current wife, Dawn Hickey in 2007.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
Bibliography
Holmstrom, John. The Moving Picture Boy: An International Encyclopedia from 1895 to 1995. Norwich, Michael Russell, 1996, p. 372–373.
External links
1966 births
Living people
American male child actors
People from Pueblo, Colorado
American truck drivers
Harry Jackson (23 April 1864 – 29 May 1899) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Career
Harry Jackson was born in Nottingham on 23 April 1864. His first club were called Meadow Strollers and he signed for them in about 1882. He then moved to Sneinton Wanderers and he was with them until 1884. Signed for Notts County in 1884 and made his debut in March 1884. Made his first–team debut on 8 November 1884 in a FA Cup first round tie against Notts Olympic, County won 2–0. A prolific goal–scorer in Notts non–League years, with just six shorts of 100 goals in 123 recorded appearances, Harry Jackson was rightly dubbed "A goal–scoring wizard." In FA Cup matches also his total of 19 exceeded by some margin Tommy Lawton' 13 in the same competition, but when Notts became a Football League club in 1888–89 his star was on the wane.
Harry Jackson, playing as a winger, made his League debut on 22 September 1888 at Victoria Ground, the then home of Stoke. Notts County were defeated by the home team 3–0. Harry Jackson, playing at centre–forward, scored his League debut goal on 23 February 1889 at Dudley Road, the then home of Wolverhampton Wanderers. Harry Jackson scored the final goal of the match as Notts County lost to the home team 2–1. Harry Jackson appeared in five of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89 and scored three League goals. Harry Jackson playing as a forward/centre–forward (four appearances) played in a Notts County forward–line that scored three–League–goals–or–more twice.
Jackson was one of several locally born players who were allowed to move on as the County strengthened their ranks with an influx of top-class Scottish players. Jackson left in March 1890 and joined local rivals, Nottingham Forest He only played once for Forest and it was not a happy occasion. Forest were well beaten by Darwen 9–0. In his Notts County career Jackson appeared 26 times (21 League) and 19 goals (three League goals).
References
1864 births
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
1899 deaths
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Association football forwards
Wilhelmsthal is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Kronach (district)
The Championship Cup, (known as the Northern Rail Cup for sponsorship reasons), and previously known as the National League Cup, was a rugby league football competition for clubs in the United Kingdom's Rugby League Championships. Although the French club Toulouse Olympique competed in the Championship from 2009 through 2011, they never participated in the cup until 2012 after they had left the Championship. The Cup's last season was 2013, after which it was replaced by the 1895 Cup.
History
The Trans-Pennine Cup was a short-lived competition for professional British rugby league clubs outside Super League. It was played for during the period in which all non-Super League professional clubs were grouped into a single competition, the Northern Ford Premiership.
As part of the redevelopment of the Northern Ford Premiership competition; the National League cup was first held in 2002. It was known as the Buddies Cup, after its sponsor, a soft drinks manufacturer. Eighteen teams took part divided into three groups of six (East, West and Central).
The Northern Ford Premiership was replaced by National Leagues One and Two in 2003. The competition was known as the Arriva Trains Cup after sponsor Arriva Trains Northern). The twenty National League teams were divided into four groups (North, East, West and Central) of five teams each, while in 2004 there were five groups (North, East, West, Pennine, Yorkshire) of four teams each.
Northern Rail became the competition's sponsor in 2005 and the name Northern Rail Cup was adopted. Four teams from the then National League Three also entered the competition. There were no cross-group games in the 2005 competition; each team therefore played only six games in the group stages, with the top team from each of the first five groups progressing to the quarter-final directly. The second-placed team in each of these groups, plus the top team from group six (the group of teams from National League 3) played an additional round to determine the remaining three spots in the quarter-finals.
For 2006 there were seven groups. Groups one to six comprised the 22 teams in National Leagues One and Two and the two southern National League Three teams, Hemel Stags and St Albans Centurions. There were four teams in each regional division. The top two teams from groups one to six and the best three third-placed teams qualified for the last sixteen knocks out stage along with the winner of group seven. Group seven comprised northern National League Three teams that choose to enter, and included three teams: Bramley Buffaloes, Warrington Wizards and Dewsbury Celtic.
In 2007 the competition adopted a new points system: Win – three points; Draw – two points; Loss by 12 points or fewer – one point.
In 2009, the Northern Rail Nines tournament was started. Teams not involved in the Northern Rail Cup Final entered a rugby league nines event with the trophy and plate final played as curtain raisers to the Northern Rail Cup Final at Bloomfield Road, Blackpool.
Venues
Results
Winners
Championship Bowl
Sponsors
Records
Below is a list of National League Cup records.
Most tries
5 Paul Salmon (Barrow Raiders) vs Workington Town 2002
5 Neil Turley (Leigh Centurions) vs Swinton Lions 2003
5 Neil Turley (Leigh Centurions) vs Chorley Lynx 2004
5 Jon Steel (Hull Kingston Rovers) vs London Skolars 2005
5 Byron Ford (Hull Kingston Rovers) vs York City Knights 2006
Most goals
Gareth Moore (Batley Bulldogs) vs Gateshead Thunder 2010
Most goals in a final
10 John Wilshere (Salford City Reds) vs Doncaster 2008 equaling the all-time record for goals kicked in any final
Most points
42 (5 tries, 11 goals) Neil Turley (Leigh Centurions) at Chorley Lynx 2004
Highest score
Gateshead Thunder 4 vs 100 Batley Bulldogs – 2010
Highest away score
Gateshead Thunder 4 vs 100 Batley Bulldogs – 2010
Closest score
Batley Bulldogs 25 vs Widnes Vikings 24 – 2010
Most Final appearances (Club)
Leigh Centurions have contested 5 Championship Cup Finals.
Most Competition Wins (Club)
Leigh Centurions have won 4 Championship Cup Finals, from 5 final appearances.
Broadcasting rights
Sky Sports broadcast a limited number of Championship Cup matches. In 2012 the rights passed to Premier Sports. Setanta Sports Australia broadcast live Northern Rail Cup matches in Australia.
See also
2005 Northern Rail Cup
2010 National League Cup
Co-operative Championship
Northern Rail Nines
RFL League 1
Rugby Football League Championship Second Division
Rugby League Challenge Cup
Trans-Pennine Cup
References
External links
Official competition website
Fixture List for 2007 Season
Results for 2007 Season
Tables for 2007 Season
Scores from Sky Sports
Rugby league competitions in the United Kingdom
Sport leagues established in 2002
Sport leagues disestablished in 2013
2002 establishments in England
2013 disestablishments in England
Maria Christina Sophia Strömberg née Ehrnström (1777 – 17 September 1853) was a Swedish ballet dancer, actress and instructor in dance and drama. She was married to Johan Peter Strömberg (1773–1834) and active with him in Norway, where the couple both made a pioneer contribution within their fields.
Biography
Maria Christina Strömberg was a student of Louis Gallodier at the Royal Swedish Ballet in Stockholm. She was not given a position at the Royal Swedish Opera, but was employed in smaller theatre companies touring Sweden. She is known to have both performed as a dancer, as well as an actress. In Norrköping in 1797, she married Johan Peter Strömberg, after which she followed him in the theatre companies in which he was employed.
She was engaged in the theatre company of her spouse, and thus in the pioneer theatres he attempted to establish in Uddevalla in 1798–99, and in Nyköping in 1800–02. Between 1802 and 1811, the couple toured Norway, where there was yet no established professional theatre activity. She and her husband gave lessons in dance and drama in Trondheim (1803–05), in Kristiansund (1804–05) and in Det Dramatiske Selskab in Oslo (1806–09); she instructed the female students, while her husband instructed the male students. While ballet dance as well as dance instructions had been offered previously in Norway (by Madame Stuart), Maria Christina Strömberg was possibly the first woman with confirmed formal ballet training to do so.
In 1817–21, the Strömberg couple resided in Gothenburg, where she was active as a dance instructor. They returned to Norway in 1822. Between 1826–27, her husband founded and managed the first permanent professional theatre in Norway, Christiania Offentlige Theater.
Maria Christina Strömberg died of the cholera.
References
Other sources
Næss, Trine. (2009, 13. februar). Johan Peter Strömberg. I Norsk biografisk leksikon. Hentet 11 September 2018 fra
Wilhelm Berg: Anteckningar om Göteborgs äldre teatrar / Band 2. 1794–1816 (1896–1900)
1777 births
1853 deaths
18th-century Swedish actresses
18th-century Swedish ballet dancers
19th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
19th-century Norwegian actresses
Norwegian stage actresses
Norwegian ballerinas
Deaths from cholera
"Fatigue Call" is a bugle call which signals all designated personnel to report for fatigue duty.
References
Bugle calls
Strindheim Idrettslag is a Norwegian multisports club located in Trondheim. It has sections for athletics, handball, football, speed skating, and cross-country skiing. The cross-country ski team has several world cup competitors (see separate article for Petter Northug). The football team currently plays in the 3. divisjon after being promoted from 4. divisjon in 2018.
Football team
Strindheim's football team competed in the top tier of Norwegian football in 1984 and 1995. Strindheim relegated from 2. divisjon in 2011 and promoted back to the third tier the following season. They were again relegated to 3. divisjon in 2013 and was promoted to 2. divisjon in 2014. The team was relegated from 2. divisjon in 2016 and again relegated in 2017. The football team currently plays in the 3. divisjon after being promoted from 4. divisjon in 2018.
Recent history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2006
|2. divisjon
|align=right|5
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|4||align=right|10
|align=right|53||align=right|48||align=right|40
||Second round
|
|-
|2007
|2. divisjon
|align=right|4
|align=right|26||align=right|15||align=right|4||align=right|7
|align=right|69||align=right|40||align=right|49
||Second round
|
|-
|2008
|2. divisjon
|align=right|8
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|7||align=right|9
|align=right|49||align=right|44||align=right|37
||First round
|
|-
|2009
|2. divisjon
|align=right|10
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|1||align=right|14
|align=right|41||align=right|48||align=right|34
||Third round
|
|-
|2010
|2. divisjon
|align=right |7
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|9||align=right|9
|align=right|33||align=right|42||align=right|33
||Second round
|
|-
|2011
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 13
|align=right|26||align=right|5||align=right|6||align=right|15
|align=right|39||align=right|68||align=right|21
||First round
|Relegated to the 3. divisjon
|-
|2012
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|26||align=right|22||align=right|2||align=right|2
|align=right|81||align=right|27||align=right|68
||First round
|Promoted to the 2. divisjon
|-
|2013
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 12
|align=right|26||align=right|6||align=right|5||align=right|15
|align=right|51||align=right|60||align=right|23
||Second round
|Relegated to the 3. divisjon
|-
|2014
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|26||align=right|23||align=right|1||align=right|2
|align=right|97||align=right|25||align=right|70
||First round
|Promoted to the 2. divisjon
|-
|2015
|2. divisjon
|align=right |9
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|9||align=right|9
|align=right|38||align=right|36||align=right|33
||Second round
|
|-
|2016
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 10
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|6||align=right|12
|align=right|50||align=right|60||align=right|30
||First round
|Relegated to the 3. divisjon
|-
|2017
|3. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 12
|align=right|26||align=right|9||align=right|5||align=right|12
|align=right|53||align=right|64||align=right|32
||First round
|Relegated to the 4. divisjon
|-
|2018
|4. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD| 1
|align=right|22||align=right|18||align=right|1||align=right|3
|align=right|111||align=right|32||align=right|55
||First round
|Promoted to the 3. divisjon
|-
|2019
|3. divisjon
|align=right| 2
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|4||align=right|8
|align=right|59||align=right|46||align=right|46
||Second qualifying round
|
|}
References
External links
Official website
Official website (ski section)
Official website (football section)
Football clubs in Norway
Eliteserien clubs
Sport in Trondheim
Association football clubs established in 1948
Athletics clubs in Norway
Norwegian handball clubs
1948 establishments in Norway
A Wonderful Life is the second English-language album by pop singer Lara Fabian. It was released in June 2004. In France, the album sold an estimated 82,000 copies. "A Wonderful Life" was Fabian's last album under her contract with Sony Records and she subsequently left the company.
The album consists mostly of acoustic-influenced pop tracks. Fabian had been offered and turned down, the track "Review My Kisses" before it was recorded by US country music star LeAnn Rimes for her 2002 album "Twisted Angel". However Fabian was so impressed with Rimes' performance that she decided to record it herself.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2004 albums
Lara Fabian albums
Trimdon Limestone Quarry is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Sedgefield district of County Durham, England. It lies about 1 km west of the village of Trimdon Grange and about 5 km east of the village of Coxhoe.
The site is an abandoned quarry and exposed to a section of the Ford Formation of Late Permian magnesian limestone. The site is nationally important for an interpretation of the geological history of the Ford Formation carbonates.
The abandoned quarry workings include an area of floristically-rich magnesian limestone grassland, a habitat which is nationally scarce in Britain, with only an estimated 270 ha remaining.
The site is part of a larger area that is managed by the Durham Wildlife Trust as the Trimdon Grange Quarry nature reserve.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Quarries in County Durham
The is the nickname of the in Kure, Hiroshima, Japan.
History
The museum opened on April 23, 2005. It is nicknamed the Yamato Museum due to the display in the lobby of a 1/10 scale model of the battleship Yamato, the flagship of the Japanese Combined Fleet in World War II. It was sunk south of the Japanese island of Kyushu in 1945. The museum is located where the battleship was completed.
Museum
Exhibition rooms
Yamato Hiroba – 1/10 scale of the
History of Kure – as the shipbuilding, port city and the Kure Naval District
Large objects exhibition room - containing a Mitsubishi A6M Zero model 62, a Kaiten human torpedo and a Kairyū-class submarine
1:1 replica of one of the battleship Kongō's boilers.
Chibi Yamato replica
Collection of suicide notes from Kaiten pilots, as well as sword, will and photographs.
Type 93 torpedo
16 inch shells and shell replicas for the Mutsu and Nagato
18 inch shells and shell replicas for the Yamato and Musashi (and the converted Shinano)
Shipbuilding technology, including simulator, bouncy display device and cargo ship replica bow
The Yamato in culture, references many anime and movies in particular the "Space Battleship Yamato" series
Yamato theatre, which shows many films related to the IJN every day.
1:1 scale replica of the Yamato's bridge (not on display any more)
Future prospects
Other rooms
The museum includes an experiment workroom, library, citizens' gallery, meeting rooms, and gift shop, and an observation terrace on the 4th floor where people can view the area.
Outside
Outside the museum there is a brick park, a lawn plaza, and Yamato Wharf. The Japan Maritime Self-Defence Force Kure Museum, which includes the retired JMSDF Yūshio-class submarine Akishio (SS-579) and a rudder and screw of the Japanese Battleship Mutsu is located next to the Yamato Museum.
Yamato wreckage
The sunken Yamato was surveyed previously, but in May 2015, digital technology was used for the first time. The footage shows many identifiable parts of the wreckage, such as the chrysanthemum crest on the bow, one of the -diameter propellers, and a detached main gun turret. The museum plans to show the nine-minute video repeatedly in its theater.
Museum partnership
In 2015, the museum announced that it had entered into a sister museum partnership with the USS Missouri Memorial Association in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. The agreement commemorates the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II.
Access
JR Kure Station
Kure City bus "Youmetown Yamato Museum-mae" bus stop
Kure Port
See also
Kure Naval Arsenal
Kure Naval District
Yamato (film)
References
External links
Yamato Museum (homepage, in English)
Recreated battleship bridge on display at Yamato Museum - Asahi Shimbun, July 27, 2013
Museums established in 2005
Maritime museums in Japan
Military and war museums in Japan
Museums in Hiroshima Prefecture
2005 establishments in Japan
Bolshoye Selo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Bolshoye Selo, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Zachachyevsky Selsoviet of Kholmogorsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast
Bolshoye Selo, Kaliningrad Oblast, a settlement under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of district significance of Neman in Nemansky District of Kaliningrad Oblast
Bolshoye Selo, Ryazan Oblast, a selo in Bolsheselsky Rural Okrug of Pronsky District of Ryazan Oblast
Bolshoye Selo, Vologda Oblast, a village in Kadnikovsky Selsoviet of Sokolsky District of Vologda Oblast
Bolshoye Selo, Yaroslavl Oblast, a selo in Bolsheselsky Rural Okrug of Bolsheselsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast
Menno Tjeerd Kamminga (born 1949) is a Dutch international law scholar and emeritus Professor of International Law at Maastricht University, known for work in the field of Human Rights treaties, obligations accountability, and universal jurisdiction.
Kamminga graduated from at Groningen University in 1973, and another master's degree in international law and international relations from The Fletcher School at Tufts University in 1974. In 1978 he started as Legal Adviser at the International Secretariat of Amnesty International in London, where he served until 1987.
Kamminga obtained his PhD from the University of Leiden in 1990, with the thesis Inter-State Accountability of Violation of Human Rights, published by the University of Pennsylvania. Manfred Nowak (1994) wrote that Kamminga "dealt with one of the most difficult and controversial question of human rights law: the antagonistic relationship between the international protection of human rights and the principle of non-intervention into internal affairs of sovereign states."
Kamminga started out at the Erasmus University Rotterdam, where he as senior lecturer in International Law from 1987 until 2000. He then moved to Maastricht University, where he was Professor of International Law and Director of the Maastricht Centre for Human Rights until 2014.
Publications, a selection
Menno Kamminga and Martin Scheinin (eds.): The Impact of Human Rights Law on General International Law. Oxford University Press 2009
References
1949 births
Living people
Dutch jurists
Erasmus University Rotterdam alumni
Tufts University alumni
Leiden University alumni
Erasmus University Rotterdam faculty
Maastricht University faculty
The 2021-22 Kategoria e Dytë was the 50th official season of the Albanian football third division since its establishment. There were 24 teams competing this season, split in 2 groups. The winners of the groups played the league's final against each other and also gained promotion to the 2022–23 Kategoria e Parë. Teams ranked from the 2nd to the 5th position qualified to the play-off round which they played against the 11th and 12th ranked teams in the 2021–22 Kategoria e Parë. Flamurtari, Luzi 2008 and Oriku were promoted to the 2022–23 Kategoria e Parë. Flamurtari won their first Kategoria e Dytë title after beating Luzi 2008 in the final match.
Changes from last season
Team changes
From Kategoria e Dytë
Promoted to Kategoria e Parë:
Butrinti
Maliqi
Shkumbini
Tërbuni
Relegated to Kategoria e Tretë:
Delvina
Skrapari
Valbona
To Kategoria e Dytë
Relegated from Kategoria e Parë:
Elbasani
Flamurtari
Oriku
Veleçiku
Promoted from Kategoria e Tretë:
Luftëtari
Murlani
Locations
Stadia by capacity and locations
Group A
Group B
League standings
Group A
Results
Group B
Results
Final
Group A Promotion play-offs
<onlyinclude>
Notes
Semi-finals
Final
Oriku qualified to the final play-off match.
Group B Promotion play-offs
<onlyinclude>
Semi-finals
Devolli qualified to the final as the team with the higher ranking.
Final
Devolli qualified to the final play-off match.
Relegation play-offs
Gramozi was relegated to Kategoria e Tretë, while Delvina was promoted to Kategoria e Dytë.
Top scorers
Notes
References
3
Albania
Kategoria e Dytë seasons
"The Strategy of the Were-Wolf Dog" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Home Monthly in December 1896.
Plot summary
The day before Santa Claus goes off to give presents out to children around the world, the White Bear says he suspects the Were-Wolf Dog to be around, but Santa tells him not to sit up as he will need energy for the following day. During the night, the Were-Wolf lures the reindeers into coming out of their stable to see the stars by the sea. There, he tricks them into walking on ice floes which go down, and they all die but Dunder. The latter runs to White Bear's to inform him of what happened. The two characters go to the ice hummock to ask the other animals if they can help them carry the presents tomorrow as they have no reindeers left. Only a seal agrees, but it is too old and slow to do the job. The reindeers finally relent.
Characters
Santa Claus
Mama Santa
White Bear
Were-Wolf Dog
Dunder, a reindeer, the only one to survive.
Cupid, a reindeer.
Blitzen, a reindeer.
Dasher, a reindeer.
Prancer, a reindeer.
Vixen, a reindeer.
Major themes
Christmas
Literary significance and criticism
In a letter to Mildred R. Bennett, Elsie Cather, Willa's youngest sister, admitted that the story was one made up by Willa and her brothers Roscoe and Douglas to entertain the younger children on family gatherings.
Adaptations
The story was adapted by Tom Pomplun for Christmas Classics: Graphic Classics Volume Nineteen (2010).
References
External links
Full Text at the Willa Cather Archive
1896 short stories
Short stories by Willa Cather
Works originally published in Home Monthly
The women's water polo tournament at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 27 to 30 June at the Campclar Aquatic Center in Tarragona, Spain.
Participating teams
(host)
Preliminary round
Group A
All times are CEST (UTC+2).
Group B
All times are CEST (UTC+2).
Final round
5th place match
All times are CEST (UTC+2).
Bronze medal match
All times are CEST (UTC+2).
Gold medal match
All times are CEST (UTC+2).
Final standings
References
External links
2018 Mediterranean Games
Water polo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Born Fighting: How the Scots-Irish Shaped America is a book by American politician and author James "Jim" Webb. It describes the history of the Scots-Irish ethnic group, summarising their Scottish roots and time in Ulster before entering a more elaborate narrative of their time in the United States of America. Webb describes what he considers to be their inherent characteristics, such as their senses of militarism, independence and staunch opposition to adversaries. He notes their roles in the creation of country music and the Bible Belt.
Webb notes how the Scots-Irish played significant roles in American conflicts, particularly the American Civil War, largely as Confederates, and the Vietnam War. Webb describes what he feels has been the "Nazification" of the Confederate cause, emphasising that only five percent of Southerners were slave owners and detailing the economic crippling of the South by the Northern-based government, both before and after the conflict. Webb also describes the vilification of soldiers in the Vietnam War at the hands of a liberal, anti-war public.
The book was generally praised. Writing for the Ashbrook Center, Mackubin Thomas Owens of the Naval War College praised the book as a "tour de force", agreeing with Webb that American politicians need to take more notice of the Scots-Irish. Jeff Minick of Smoky Mountain Living magazine described it as "vivid". Kirkus Reviews, while questioning the underlying message of the book, fount that "there's plenty of good information and interpretation". However, historian Michael S. Newton was deeply critical of the book, among many complaints writing that Webb "comes across as an apologist for the legacy of racism in the South". He accused Webb of "taking history personally" and generally lambasted the book for what seemed to be an intentionally misleading narrative.
Born Fighting was the basis for a two-part Smithsonian Channel program on the Scots-Irish influence in America.
References
2004 non-fiction books
History books about the United States
Scotch-Irish American history
Working-class culture in the United States
Juanita Wilson is an Irish director and writer from Dublin. Her short film The Door received an Irish Film and Television Award (IFTA) in 2009 and an Academy Award nomination in 2010. Her debut feature film As If I Am Not There received the 2011 Irish Film and Television Award for best film, the best script, and best director.
Early life
Wilson attended the National College of Art and Design where she studied fine art as well as Dublin Institute of Technology where she studied design and journalism. She began directing after this. She produced Inside I'm Dancing and H3.
Career
The Door
The Door was Wilson's first short film. It is based on the " Monologue About a Whole Life Written Down on Doors, the testimony of Nikolai Fomich Kalugin" by Svetlana Alexievich (from her book Voices from Chernobyl). The Irish Film Board provided money for the making of the film. She went to the Ukrainian cities Kyiv and Prypiat, described as "the most radioactive place on earth" due to its close proximity to Chernobyl, to film it. She was inspired to go there after seeing an abandoned playground with a Ferris wheel on the Internet. The setting of The Door is in Ukraine. It utilises the Russian language complemented by English language subtitles. The Door won in the Short Film category at the 6th Irish Film and Television Awards in 2009. The Door was nominated in the category of Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 82nd Academy Awards. The Door also won awards at film festivals held in Bilbao, Cork and Foyle. It also won "best director" at the Polish Grand OFF 2009 as well as winning the Sarajevo Film Festival's Katrin Cartlidge Bursary 2009.
As If I'm Not There
Wilson completed her first feature film. It is titled As If I'm Not There, based upon the Slavenka Drakulić book and is a joint Irish production alongside Macedonia and Sweden. It is being filmed in Macedonia. The film was screened at the 35th Toronto International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Irish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
References
External links
Juanita Wilson's diary from the Toronto Film Festival on IFTN – 07.10.2010
Irish women film directors
Film people from Dublin (city)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the National College of Art and Design
People educated at St Andrew's College, Dublin
Alumni of Dublin Institute of Technology
Terramar may refer to:
Places
Terramar, Carlsbad, California, United States, a neighborhood
Terramar Visitor Center, a visitor center and museum at Hugh Taylor Birch State Park in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States
Autódromo de Sitges-Terramar, a former racing circuit in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain
Other
The TerraMar Project, a former American environmental nonprofit organization
Cupra Terramar, a 2024– Spanish compact performance SUV
See also
Terramare culture, an archaeological culture in Northern Italy
Ahn Sang-soo (1952, Chungju, South Korea) is a South-Korean leading typographic designer.
Biography
Ahn Sang-soo developed an interest in Hangul typography in the early 1980s. He invented many typefaces, including one named after himself. He graduated from the university of Hongik.
After graduation, he became an advertising designer for LG Electronics. He joined the Ggumim magazine as an art editor in 1981 and then the magazines Ma-dang and Meot as art director in 1983. In 1985, he created the design firm Ahn Graphics.
In 1985, he designed his first self-titled typeface, creating a path of experimentation for the Korean script. He created the Madang typeface for the monthly magazine Madang to overcome the general monotony and rigidity of existing Hangeul typefaces.
In 1988, he launched the alternative art and culture magazine bogoseo/bogoseo.
Ahn Sang-soo founded the alternative design school Paju Typography Institute (PaTI). He also founded the AG Typography Institute, an organization dedicated to the design and research of new typefaces.
Ahn has published several design books, and translated seminal works in typography of Jan Tschichold and Emil Ruder into Korean.
Ahn Sang-soo supposedly launched the first internet cafe in Korea.
Other roles
1997-2001: Vice-president of ICOGRADA
Prizes and Awards
1983: Designer of the Year by Design Magazine
Korea Newspaper Award
1998:Grand Prix from ZGRAF 8
2007: Gutenberg Prize by the German city of Leipzig
References
1952 births
South Korean typographers and type designers
Living people
People from Chungju
John Jebb (died 1787) was an Irish Anglican priest in the second half of the 18th century.
He was born in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, one of the four sons of Samuel Jebb, a prosperous brewer, and Elizabeth Gilliver. His brothers included the physician Samuel Jebb, father of the Royal Doctor Sir Richard Jebb, 1st Baronet, and Richard, who moved to Ireland and produced a number of distinguished descendants.
A graduate of Peterhouse, Cambridge, he was Chaplain to William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire. He was Treasurer of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin from 1740 and Dean of Cashel from 1769, holding both posts until his death in 1787.
He married Anne Gansel, daughter of David (or Daniel) Gansel of Donnyland House, Colchester, and had two sons: John Jebb, a political and social reformer and a clergyman noted for his Socinian views, and David. Anne's brother Lieutenant General William Gansel (died 1774) was celebrated in his lifetime as the protagonist in Gansel's case, arising from his shooting at Samuel Lee, who had attempted to evict him from his lodgings. Gansel argued that just as a householder is entitled to defend his dwelling house, so a lodger is entitled to defend his lodgings.
His grandnephew, grandson of his brother Richard, also called John Jebb was Bishop of Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe from 1823 until 1833.
References
Deans of Cashel
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
1787 deaths
Mountain Justice is a 1930 American Western film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Bennett Cohen and Leslie Mason. The film stars Ken Maynard, Otis Harlan, Kathryn Crawford, Paul Hurst, Les Bates and Richard Carlyle. The film was released on May 4, 1930, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Ken Maynard as Ken McTavish
Otis Harlan as Jud McTavish
Kathryn Crawford as Coral Harland
Paul Hurst as Lem Harland
Les Bates as Abner Harland
Richard Carlyle as Judge Keats
Gilbert Holmes as Rusty
Len Nash as Band Leader
References
External links
1930 films
1930s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1930 Western (genre) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Harry Joe Brown
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Anthony D. G. Pratt (born 27 November 1937) is a British production designer from London, England. He is the great nephew of William Henry Pratt, better known as Boris Karloff and the nephew of actress Gillian Pratt (a.k.a. Gillian Lind).
He was nominated for two Oscars, one for Hope and Glory and the other for The Phantom of the Opera.
In addition he has won two Emmy awards. He won for Rome and The Pacific.
Filmography
Excalibur (1981)
Hope and Glory (1987)
Naked Tango (1991)
Michael Collins (1996)
The Man in the Iron Mask (1998)
Grey Owl (1999)
The End of the Affair (1999)
Band of Brothers (2001) (mini) TV Series
The Good Thief (2002)
The Phantom of the Opera (2004)
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Businesspeople from London
British film designers
Emmy Award winners
OXIMOT JAR HERAL XIMA (; literally: Who lost Their Limit in Infinity) is an Assamese novel written by Bhubanmohan Baruah under the pen name of Kanchan Baruah. The first edition of this book was released on 15 July 1945. Kohinoor Theatre, a group of mobile theatre of Assam staged it in 2008. The novel is one of the literary gems of Assamese language which continues to rule the heart of lakhs of people.
Plot
The novel starts with the narrator, a clerk dreaming of a perfect married life with kids, who suddenly gets sucked into a black hole. He wakes up startled to realise that he is supposed to go on an expedition that very day with his four friends - a professor, a doctor, a poet and a clerk, much like the narrator himself. The five friends want to leave the humdrum of their routine life for a month and embark on a boat journey along the river Dihing in the hopes of coming across an unexplored land. After moving upstream on their boat for 15 days they unexpectedly come across a tribe of aboriginals in the dense jungles. After feasting and spending the night with the tribe, the next morning they face the revolt of their boatman and navigators who believe any journey further upstream will bring doom upon them all as the place is cursed. But the stubborn friends decide to continue the journey on their own. As they travel further, they are astounded by the breathtaking scenery at first, but as the night falls they are stuck in a violent rainstorm that takes them off course. Once the storm subsides they realise that their Professor friend is disoriented and sick and seems to be zoning in and out of his memories of his homeland from his previous birth, 1300 years ago. This is where the main story starts. It is a story of love, life, friendship, patriotism and valour.
Kamalnagar is one of the provinces of the main state, referred to as the Capital. It is a small picturesque area on the outskirts of the Capital, surrounded by hills. The river Kanchanmati divides it into two equal parts from east to west. Kamalnagar is 10 miles in length and not more than 8 miles in breadth, with a population of 25,000. There is a big concrete bridge over the Kanchanmati known as the "White Bridge" which connects the two banks. The Chieftain is the only link of Kamalnagar to the Capital. Once a year he visits the Capital to pay the taxes and update on the important issues. He stays at the "Red Castle" which is his official residence.
Chandan has just returned from the Capital after staying there for years as a student. He first visits his mother at Bokulpur, which is separated from Kamalnagar by a small stream. She has been staying there with her aides ever since Chandan's father, the ex-chieftain of Kamalnagar, died while Chandan was still a small kid. He then rushes off to Kamalnagar with Ashok to watch the annual bullfighting event on the occasion of Bihu. Gauri is also there to watch the fight with her friends. Gauri is the only daughter of Lakshminarayan and he has raised her like a princess. Her mother died during childbirth and she looks up to Uma as a mother figure. One of the bulls runs loose and Chandan saves Gauri from being ambushed by it. However, they start off on a wrong note as Gauri is annoyed that Chandan made fun of her while saving her. Actually both of them fell in love with each other but both were too proud to admit it. Chandan's friend Uma tried to bring Chandan and Gauri together. But Chandan became reluctant to marry Gauri without taming her first.
Champa, was a young girl who was brought up by Chandan's mother. Champa was Chandan's childhood sweet-heart and they grew up together. Chandan considers Champa as a sister. But, Champa nursed a sincere infatuation for Chandan. She considers it as her guilt. She hides her love towards Chandan with mysterious smile, fickleness and jolly behaviour. Chandan often get confused by Champa's words and gives futile attempt to decode them.
The love of Chandan and Gauri never gets time to bloom. Their beautiful life, which they wasted in sweet and sour and often massive fights, abruptly faces the most dreaded consequence as a large army approaches to attack Kamalnagar.
Lakshminarayan, the mayor, Ashok, the second office bearer, and Chandan are initially unnerved as Kamalnagar had not fought a war in centuries. But Champa comes up with an elaborate strategy for war. The plan works in the beginning. The people of Kamalnagar put up a brave fight without sufficient resources. But finally the enemy outnumbered Kamalnagar's army and entered into the city. They loot, rape and burn the houses down without any mercy.
Champa and her friend, in order to save their lives, drop a roof of a temple on a troop of enemy soldiers. Ashok blows up the bridge to prevent enemy from entering the Northern side of the city.
Meanwhile the enemy chief captures Gauri and her palace. They set their camp in that palace. Chandan manages to rescue Gauri by blasting the entire palace with gunpowder. The blast takes the life of the enemy chief and hundreds of enemies.
Chandan and Gauri struggle further to reach a safe place during the night. In the process Chandan is injured by an enemy arrow. They end up sailing on the river on a boat.
Meanwhile the death of the enemy chief frightens and demotivates the other enemies. Champa takes that advantage and starts to fire cannon over them. She manages to drive the enemy out of Kamalnagar. But finally one last enemy arrow pierces her chest. Ashok manages to rescue and bring wounded Champa home. Gauri shows her patience and courage to safely bring Chandan back home.
Chandan is deeply saddened to find Champa on her death bed. Champa cryptically declares her love for Chandan before taking her last breath in his arms.
Chandan and Gauri hope to rebuild devastated Kamalnagar anew. But they fail and the city slowly wastes away over time.
Professor's eyes fill with tears as he concludes his narrative. Friends' hearts fill with innate human emotions as they repair the boat and sail back home.
Narrator realises that a perfect life is only possible in dreams but not in reality.
Characters
Chandan - Main Protagonist. Professor in the present birth. Son of the ex-chieftain of Kamalnagar.
Champa - An orphan, she is the childhood friend of Chandan and the most beautiful girl in the whole of Kamalnagar. Her love for Chandan is unrequited.
Gauri - Female protagonist. Beauty personified. She is the only daughter of Lakshminarayan. She and Chandan share a love-hate relationship at first.
Ashok - Chandan's best friend. Second in command to Lakshminarayan. Married to Uma, has 2 kids.
Uma - Ashok's wife, mother of his 2 kids. She is a warm lady who is loved by all. Plays the role of mediator between Chandan and Gauri.
Lakshminarayan - The chieftain of Kamalnagar. Father of Gauri. A widower.
Rama - The maid of Ashok's household.
The barbaric invaders.
Selected notable adaptations
2008: Kohinoor Theatre, a group of mobile theatre of Assam staged it in 2008.
2021: All India Radio Guwahati station aired Asimat Jar Heral Seema. The story was narrated and the main protagonist, Chandan was voiced by Indrajit Das. Champa was voiced by actress Barsha Rani Bishaya. Every Friday All India Radio Guwahati broadcast a new episode of this Novel on Radio, Facebook, and YouTube.
References
External links
Asimat Jar Heral Seema (Audiobook)
1945 novels
20th-century Indian novels
Assamese-language books
Novels set in Assam
Assamese novels
The CSR EMU is a series of electric multiple unit cars manufactured by CSR Corporation Limited for use on Buenos Aires' commuter rail network. The trains operate on three of the city's lines as of 2015 and 705 cars were manufactured, with each line using a different number of cars per train. They were created for use on lines electrified using both third rail and overhead lines.
Background
By 2013, the rolling stock of Buenos Aires' commuter rail network was ageing and deteriorating rapidly. At the same time, high-profile accidents in Flores and Once in previous years had led the national government to revise the concession-based railway privatisation, which was largely blamed for the deterioration of the network. The government thus decided to intervene, revoking concessions to companies such as Trenes de Buenos Aires and setting up Trenes Argentinos to manage the lines.
This was followed by a series of rolling stock purchases from China CNR Corporation and CSR Corporation Limited (and later some Argentine companies) to replace trains on both diesel and rail segments. For the electrified lines, CSR won the contract to provide the electric multiple units, and an order was placed in January 2013 for 405 cars for the Mitre and Sarmiento lines, with another order for 300 cars for the Roca Line signed in August of that same year.
The acquisition of the CSR rolling stock was also accompanied by a series of works on all three lines, both to accommodate the new trains such as with the electrification of the Buenos Aires - La Plata segment on the Roca Line, but also general improvements. On top of the emergency improvements undertaken following the Once Tragedy, some of these improvements included the modernisation of stations, raising the height of platforms to match the new trains, incorporating train protection systems, creating new underpasses and rail infrastructure improvements, some of which were also undertaken by the City of Buenos Aires. However, not all works were finished by the time the CSR EMUs arrived on their respective lines, and some works continued on while they were already functioning.
A further 200 cars were purchased for the Roca Line in 2017 to replace the aging Toshiba EMUs which had exceeded their 30-year lifespan.
Overview
The units were built at CSR's Qingdao factory, a large complex with 1,640,000 m2 of covered space. The total cost for the 709 cars was $841 million, which also included R&D as well as shipping, or $1.09 million to $1.27 million per car depending on the line, which was noted as being significantly below market prices. In 2014, CSR then purchased the Argentine rolling stock manufacturer Emprendimientos Ferroviarios, in part to establish a place in Argentina to maintain the trains once they were in operation.
The trains have a series of features in line with modern rolling stock, such as ABS, air conditioning, CCTV, a train protection system and intelligent doors, while numerous components such as the brakes and traction system were sourced from countries such as Germany, Sweden and Japan. The Roca Line trains have some differences: overhead collection at 25 000 V (instead of 800 V third rail), more windows per car -but smaller-, and the lack of CCTV cameras. The trains began to arrive in February 2014, just 13 months after the order was signed.
Usage
The electric multiple units are used on all of Buenos Aires' electrified commuter rail lines, with the exception of the Urquiza Line which uses Japanese Toshiba EMUs. The Belgrano Sur line had diesel multiple units with a similar appearance to the CSR electric multiple units purchased, which began arriving in the country in 2015. The San Martín Line also saw new rolling stock from CSR, but in the form of CSR SDD7 diesel-electric locomotives, while the Belgrano Norte line has seen the incorporation of Argentine-built EMEPA DMUs.
The Sarmiento Line was the first to begin operating the CSR trains in July 2014, followed by the Mitre Line and lastly the Roca Line. In the case of the Mitre and Sarmiento lines, the CSR EMUs make up the entirety of the electric rolling stock, while diesel segments such as the Victoria - Capilla del Señor route on the Mitre Line are managed by Argentine-built Materfer CMM 400-2 DMUs. The first Roca Line trains began arriving in 2015, continuing to arrive throughout the year, and began to be integrated in June of that year, however these will serve alongside the existing Toshiba rolling stock purchased in 1985 in this case.
All the trains are operated by the state-owned Trenes Argentinos, which is now a part of the larger Ferrocarriles Argentinos umbrella company.
Gallery
See also
CSR SDD7 - Locomotive manufactured by the same company for the San Martin Line
CNR CKD8 - Other Chinese rolling stock in Argentina
CITIC-CNR - Chinese underground cars for the Buenos Aires Underground
Rail transport in Argentina
References
CRRC Group
CRRC multiple units
Rolling stock of Argentina
Train-related introductions in 2014
Articles containing video clips
25 kV AC multiple units
Edwin Foster Blair (1901-1970) was the co-founder of a New York law firm, a member of many corporate boards, a lineman on the undefeated 1923 Yale Bulldogs football team, and an alumni leader at Yale University. He won the 1968 Walter Camp Award.
Education
Edwin F. Blair graduated from Terrill School for Boys in Dallas (a precursor to St. Mark's School of Texas) before spending an additional year at the Hotchkiss School, where he graduated 1920.
He then graduated from Yale University with an AB in 1924. At Yale, he was member of Phi Beta Kappa, Delta Kappa Epsilon and Skull and Bones. He was a tackle for the undefeated 1923 Yale football team; one service named him to a 1923 College Football All-America Team.
Blair then graduated cum laude from Yale Law School.
Professional
In 1928, Blair was hired as an instructor in the Yale Law School. The following year, he joined the New York law firm Davis, Polk, Wardwell, Gardiner & Reed as an associate. In 1940 Blair organized the law firm Blair, Polk & Ogden. Two years later the firm became Blair & Reed. Blair practiced law in New York until 1968.
Business
Blair served on the board of directors of the Canada Dry Corp., Holly Sugar Corporation, Mohasco Industries (later known as Mohawk Industries), and the Union Bag-Camp Paper Corporation (later known as Union Camp Corporation) He was also Chairman of the Board of T.A.D. Jones & Co., Inc. and a member of the advisory board of the Chemical Corn Exchange Bank (later known as Chemical Bank).
Yale
Blair was so heavily involved with Yale University that his The New York Times obituary referred to him as "Mr. Yale." From 1942 to 1944 he was Chairman of the Alumni Fund, and from 1949 to 1952 he was Chairman of the Alumni Board. He was also a Fellow of the Yale Corporation, director of the Yale Football Association and Chairman of the Yale Graduate Football Committee. He received the 1968 Walter Camp Man of the Year award. The year after his death, the Yale football team began awarding the Edwin Foster Blair Award to the team's most valuable player, an award funded by the Yale Club of New York City
Politics
A lifelong Republican, Blair served on the Republican Finance Committee and was a delegate to the Republican National Convention from Connecticut. Blair was a supporter of global governance.
Personal
Blair was born in Weatherford, Texas and grew up in Wichita Falls and then Dallas. His father's business, Anderson & Blair, involved wholesale stock and grocers. Blair's father was also involved in local newspapers and was president of Southwestern National Bank. Blair married Rosemary Kane, of Dallas, in 1925. They went on to have five children. In addition to his decades of service to Yale, Blair served on the Board of Trustees of the Hotchkiss School and the Fairfield Country Day School.
References
1901 births
1970 deaths
Yale Bulldogs football players
American football tackles
Lawyers from New York City
Yale Law School alumni
Hotchkiss School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
St. Mark's School (Texas) alumni
George Cosson (21 January 1876 – 15 June 1963) was an American politician.
Born in Laclede County, Missouri, on 21 January 1876, Cosson attended school in Manning, Iowa, and subsequently enrolled at Normal School at Valparaiso and the University of Iowa. He began working for Milwaukee Road as a station agent and operator between the ages of sixteen and twenty. Upon graduating from the University of Iowa College of Law in June 1898, Cosson moved to Audubon and began practicing law.
Starting in 1904, Cosson served a single term as Audubon County attorney. In June 1907, he was appointed special counsel of Iowa, reporting to the state's attorney general, Howard Webster Byers. Cosson won the 1908 Iowa Senate election as a Republican candidate, and represented District 17 until 1911. He succeeded Byers as Attorney General of Iowa later that year, and served through 1917. He sought the Republican nomination for Iowa's 1916 gubernatorial election, losing to William L. Harding. Cosson contested the Republican nomination for the United States Senate seat held by Smith W. Brookhart in 1932. Henry Field secured the nomination and lost the general election to Richard L. Murphy.
In 1961, Cosson moved to his daughter's home in Des Moines, and retired from the practice of law in August 1962. He died in Des Moines on 15 June 1963.
References
American railroaders
1876 births
People from Des Moines, Iowa
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
People from Carroll County, Iowa
1963 deaths
Valparaiso University alumni
Iowa Republicans
District attorneys in Iowa
Iowa Attorneys General
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
Iowa state senators
People from Audubon, Iowa
People from Laclede County, Missouri
Layered, Inc., was an American software company based in Boston, Massachusetts. The company chiefly developed for Apple's Macintosh computer. At the time of its acquisition in 1990 by Peachtree Software, of Norcross, Georgia, Layered was considered the market leader in accounting software for the Mac, with InfoWorld calling Layered "the Rolls-Royce of Macintosh accounting software". It marketed the Insight Expert Accounting family of software in 1985 and atOnce! in 1989, the latter rebranded as Peachtree Accounting for Macintosh after the company's acquisition.
References
1990 disestablishments in Massachusetts
1990 mergers and acquisitions
Accounting software
Macintosh software companies
Defunct software companies of the United States
Software companies based in Massachusetts
Software companies disestablished in 1990
Technology companies based in the Boston area
Wasabi (Japanese: , , or , ; Eutrema japonicum or Wasabia japonica), or Japanese horseradish, is a plant of the family Brassicaceae, which also includes horseradish and mustard in other genera. A paste made from its ground rhizomes is used as a pungent condiment for sushi and other foods. It is similar in taste to hot mustard or horseradish rather than chili peppers in that it stimulates the nose more than the tongue. However, most common wasabi flavorings are ersatz, and are made of horseradish and food coloring.
The plant grows naturally along stream beds in mountain river valleys in Japan. The two main cultivars in the marketplace are E. japonicum 'Daruma' and 'Mazuma', but there are many others.
The oldest record of wasabi as food dates to the 8th century AD. The popularity of wasabi in English-speaking countries has coincided with that of sushi, growing steadily starting in about 1980.
Due to issues that limit the Japanese wasabi plant's mass cultivation and thus increase its price and decreased availability outside Japan, the western horseradish plant is generally used in place of the Japanese horseradish. This version is commonly referred to as "western wasabi" () in Japan.
Taxonomy
The wasabi plant is native to Japan and the Russian Far East, also the Korean Peninsula. Siebold named Cochlearia (?) wasabi in 1830, noting its use pro condimento or "as a condiment"; however, this is a nomen nudum, and the synonym Eutrema wasabi, published by Maximovich in 1873, is thus an illegitimate name. The wasabi plant was first described by Miquel in 1866, as Lunaria (?) japonica, from the type collected by Siebold in Japan, though the precise type locality was not recorded. In 1899, Matsumura erected the genus Wasabia, recognizing within it the species Wasabia pungens and Wasabia hederaefolia; these are now regarded as synonyms of Eutrema japonicum. In 1912, Matsumura recognized the species Wasabia japonica, treating his earlier Wasabia pungens as a synonym. In 1930, Koidzumi transferred the wasabi plant to the genus Eutrema, the correct name and author citation being Eutrema japonicum (Miq.) Koidz.
Uses
Wasabi is generally sold either as a rhizome or stem, which must be very finely grated before use, as dried powder, or as a ready-to-use paste in tubes similar to toothpaste tubes.
The part used for wasabi paste is variously characterised as a rhizome, a stem, or the "rhizome plus the base part of the stem".
In some high-end restaurants, the paste is prepared when the customer orders, and is made using a grater to grate the stem; once the paste is prepared, it loses flavor in 15 minutes if left uncovered. In sushi preparation, chefs usually put the wasabi between the fish and the rice because covering wasabi until served preserves its flavor.
Fresh wasabi leaves can be eaten raw, having the spicy flavor of wasabi stems, but a common side effect is diarrhea.
Legumes (peanuts, soybeans, or peas) may be roasted or fried, and then coated with wasabi powder mixed with sugar, salt, or oil and eaten as a crunchy snack. In Japan, it is called .
Surrogates
Wasabi favours growing conditions that restrict its wide cultivation – among other things, it is quite intolerant of direct sunlight, requires an air temperature between , and prefers high humidity in summer. This makes fully satisfying commercial demand impossible for growers, which makes wasabi quite expensive. Therefore, outside Japan,
finding real wasabi plants is rare.
A common substitute is a mixture of horseradish, mustard, starch, and green food coloring or spinach powder. Often packages are labeled as wasabi while the ingredients do not actually include any part of the wasabi plant. The primary difference between the two is color, with wasabi being naturally green. Fresh horseradish root is described as having a similar (albeit simpler) flavor and texture to that of fresh wasabi.
In Japan, horseradish is referred to as . In the United States, true wasabi is generally found only at specialty grocers and high-end restaurants.
Chemistry
The chemical in wasabi that provides for its initial pungency is the volatile compound allyl isothiocyanate, which is produced by hydrolysis of natural thioglucosides (conjugates of the sugar glucose, and sulfur-containing organic compounds); the hydrolysis reaction is catalyzed by myrosinase and occurs when the enzyme is released on cell rupture caused by maceration – e.g., grating – of the plant. The same compound is responsible for the pungency of horseradish and mustard. Allyl isothiocyanate can also be released when the wasabi plants have been damaged, because it is being used as a defense mechanism. The sensory neural target of mustard oil is the chemosensory receptor, TRPA1, also known as the wasabi receptor.
The unique flavor of wasabi is a result of complex chemical mixtures from the broken cells of the plant, including those resulting from the hydrolysis of thioglucosides from sinigrin into glucose and methylthioalkyl isothiocyanates:
6-MITC
7-Methylthioheptyl isothiocyanate
8-Methylthiooctyl isothiocyanate
Such isothiocyanates inhibit microbial growth, perhaps with implications for preserving food against spoilage and suppressing oral bacterial growth.
Because the burning sensations of wasabi are not oil-based, they are short-lived compared to the effects of capsaicin in chili peppers, and are washed away with more food or liquid. The sensation is felt primarily in the nasal passage and can be quite painful depending on the amount consumed. Inhaling or sniffing wasabi vapor has an effect like smelling salts, a property exploited by researchers attempting to create a smoke alarm for the deaf. One deaf subject participating in a test of the prototype awoke within 10 seconds of wasabi vapor sprayed into his sleeping chamber. The 2011 Ig Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to the researchers for determining the ideal density of airborne wasabi to wake people in the event of an emergency.
Nutritional information
Wasabi is normally consumed in such small quantities that its nutritional value is negligible. The major constituents of raw wasabi root are carbohydrates (23.5%), water (69.1%), fat (0.63%), and protein (4.8%).
Cultivation
Few places are suitable for large-scale wasabi cultivation, which is difficult even in ideal conditions. In Japan, wasabi is cultivated mainly in these regions:
Izu Peninsula in Shizuoka Prefecture ("Traditional Wasabi Cultivation in Shizuoka, Japan" is a Globally and Japanese Nationally Important Agricultural Heritage System)
Nagano Prefecture including the Daio Wasabi Farm in Azumino (a popular tourist attraction and the world's largest commercial wasabi farm)
Iwate Prefecture
Shimane Prefecture known as its Hikimi wasabi
Numerous artificial cultivation facilities also exist as far north as Hokkaido and as far south as Kyushu. As the demand for real wasabi is higher than that which can be produced within Japan, Japan imports copious amounts of wasabi from the United States, Canada, Taiwan, South Korea, Israel, Thailand and New Zealand. In North America, Wasabia japonica is cultivated by a handful of small farmers and companies in the rain forests on the coast of Western Canada, the Oregon Coast, and in areas of the Blue Ridge Mountains in North Carolina and Tennessee. In Europe, wasabi is grown commercially in Iceland, the Netherlands, Hungary, and the UK.
Preparation
Wasabi is often grated with a metal oroshigane, but some prefer to use a more traditional tool made of dried sharkskin (fine skin on one side; coarse skin on the other). A hand-made grater with irregular shark teeth can also be used. If a shark-skin grater is unavailable, a ceramic cheese grater can be an acceptable substitute.
See also
List of condiments
List of delicacies
Satoyama
References
Further reading
External links
Eutrema
Japanese condiments
Japanese cuisine terms
Medicinal plants
Spices
Sushi
Taxa named by Gen-ichi Koidzumi
Erigeron uintahensis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Uinta fleabane. It is native to the western United States, in the states of Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, and Colorado.
Erigeron uintahensis grows alongside sagebrush, pine, aspen, spruce and fir, and also on alpine meadows at high elevation. It is an perennial herb up to 50 centimeters (20 inches) tall, producing rhizomes and a woody underground caudex. The inflorescence is made up of 1-5 flower heads per stem, in a loose array. Each head contains 75–125 blue or lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Utah in 1926, isotype of Erigeron uintahensis
uintahensis
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1943
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
KSWO may refer to:
KSWO-TV, a television station (channel 11) licensed to Lawton, Oklahoma, United States
Stillwater Regional Airport (ICAO code KSWO)
Tandem Diabetes Care is an American medical device manufacturer based in San Diego, California. The company develops medical technologies for the treatment of diabetes and specifically insulin infusion therapy.
History
In 2006, a group of engineers recognized the need for new and improved methods of pumping insulin and incorporated as Phluid, Inc. In 2007, Kim Blickenstaff joined the organization as President and CEO, bringing his philosophy of using market research as the inspiration for product development and started on the development of the t:slim Insulin Pump. In 2008, this predecessor company became the newly incorporated Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. that was formed with a focus on promoting a comprehensive, user-centric, and integrated approach to diabetes product development and customer care. Tandem Diabetes Care felt that incorporating enhanced ease of use and attractive design—often associated with consumer electronics development—would also encourage more patients to consider the clinical benefits of insulin pump therapy. Tandem Diabetes Care interviewed more than 4,000 insulin pump users and health care providers to design its first device, the t:slim Insulin Pump.
In 2016, the company was ranked #39 on the Deloitte Fast 500 North America list.
In 2018, the company was recognized as a top workplace in San Diego by the San Diego Union-Tribune.
In February 2019, the company announced that CEO Kim Blickenstaff would transition to a newly-created position of Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. John F. Sheridan (previously COO) will succeed Mr. Blickenstaff, assuming the role of President and CEO effective March 1, 2019.
Products
In November 2011, the company received FDA clearance to market the t:slim Insulin Pump, the first ever touch-screen insulin pump. In February 2013, the company received FDA clearance to market the t:connect Diabetes Management Application, a Mac and PC-compatible data management application that provides t:slim Pump users and their healthcare providers a way to display data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters on a cloud-based platform. In January 2015, Tandem announced FDA clearance of the t:flex Insulin Pump, which was the largest capacity insulin pump on the market. In July 2014, Tandem announced that it had submitted a PMA for the t:slim G4 insulin pump, which integrated t:slim Pump technology with the Dexcom G4 Platinum CGM System. This device was approved by the FDA in September 2015. The FDA approved a tool to update the software on Tandem's pumps in July 2016. The Tandem Device Updater would be used to deliver all software updates to Tandem's pumps moving forward and that the first use of the new tool will be to update t:slim pumps which were shipped prior to April 2015 with a new version of the firmware which speeds the loading process and offers other enhancements. In late October 2016, Tandem began shipping its next-generation pump platform, the t:slim X2.
In August 2017, Tandem launched its t:lock Connector. In the same month, it announced the launch of the t:slim X2 Insulin Pump with Dexcom G5 Mobile CGM. In July 2018, the company launched its first automated insulin delivery (AID) algorithm, with the t:slim X2 Insulin Pump with Basal-IQ predictive low glucose suspend Technology[17] and in February 2019, the FDA classified the t:slim X2 insulin pump as the first in a new device category called Alternate Controller Enabled Infusion Pumps (ACE pumps).
The t:slim X2 pump will continue to receive updates via the Tandem Device Updater, with a planned update including the Control-IQ hybrid closed-loop algorithm (licensed from TypeZero in July 2016) available beginning in January 2020.
References
External links
Companies based in San Diego
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Medical device manufacturers
Medical technology companies of the United States
North Carolina Highway 37 (NC 37) is a primary state highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of North Carolina. Traveling north–south, it serves as a connector route from U.S. Route 64 (US 64) to Hertford and from US 13 to Gatesville.
Route description
NC 37 is a predominantly two-lane rural highway which travels from US 64 near Beasley to US 13 near Gates. Beginning at exit 548, along US 64, NC 37 travels northeasterly for before running concurrent with NC 32 and NC 94 near Pea Ridge. Crossing over the Albemarle Sound and entering Chowan County from Washington County, NC 94 splits off towards the Northeastern Regional Airport, followed by NC 32 which heads directly towards Edenton. Entering Perquimans County, it merges with US 17 for a concurrency. Connecting with the city of Hertford, it switches concurrences with U.S. Route 17 Business (US 17 Bus.) in Winfall. After a concurrency, it travels solo again as it goes through downtown Winfall then northeasterly through Belvidere. At Gliden, it rejoins NC 32 for a short concurrency, entering Gates County and through Mintonsville, before separating again at Mitchells Fork. Traveling through the communities of Willow and Vivian, it goes through downtown Gatesville, where it shares a short concurrency with US 158 Bus. Continuing north, it connects with US 158 at Eleanors Crossroads. After traveling through the communities of Buckland and Gates, it ends at US 13 from the Virginia state line.
NC 37 shares part of the Edenton-Windsor Loop where it crosses the Albemarle Sound (indicated by a Scenic Byways sign). The loop, which connects to nearby Edenton and Windsor, showcases historic sites, like the Cupola House and the Rehoboth Methodist Church, and scenic views of the Inner Banks. NC 37 is also part of the Historic Albemarle Tour, though no actual historic sites or museums are located along its route.
History
NC 37 was established in 1934 as a renumbering of NC 321 from US 17 in Winfall to SR 53 at the Virginia state line. In 1940, NC 37 was extended south in concurrency with US 17 into Chowan County, where it then replaced a segment of NC 172 to NC 32 in St. Johns. In 1952, NC 37 was truncated at US 13, from the Virginia state line. In March 1987, NC 37 was rerouted onto new bypass route, in concurrency with US 17, east of Hertford. North of Hertford, it then shares a concurrency with US 17 Bus. before returning on its routing towards Winfall; its old alignment was replaced by US 17 Bus.
In June 2016, NC 37 was extended south from St. Johns, in a concurrency with NC 32 and NC 94, into Washington County near Beasley; it splits onto new primary routing to its southern terminus at US 64's exit 548.
North Carolina Highway 321
North Carolina Highway 321 (NC 321) was an original state highway that traversed from NC 342, in Winfall, northwest to NC 32, in Gilden. In 1928, NC 321 was extended northwest, on new primary routing, to NC 30, in Gatesville. In 1932, NC 32 was extended north again, on new primary routing, to the Virginia state line; the following year Virginia extended SR 53 to the state line to connect with NC 321. In 1934, because of US 321 existing in the state, NC 321 was renumbered to NC 37.
Major intersections
See also
North Carolina Bicycle Route 4 - concurrent with NC 37 from Walton Crossroads to Gatesville at NC 137
References
External links
NCRoads.com: N.C. 37
NCRoads.com: N.C. 321
037
Transportation in Washington County, North Carolina
Transportation in Chowan County, North Carolina
Transportation in Perquimans County, North Carolina
Transportation in Gates County, North Carolina
Historic Albemarle Tour
Yukarıışıklar is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The Staten Island Ninja, also known as the ninja burglar or ninja bandit, is a burglar who broke into homes in the Staten Island borough of New York City and stole from them while dressed as a ninja. He may have hit about nineteen homes since June 2007. He has been described by investigators as a white male, dressed in black and what appears to be a ski mask. He is reported to be between 5 feet 8 inches and 6 feet tall, and weighs roughly 180 pounds. He primarily works at night on Wednesdays, although he has hit during the day and on every other day of the week as well. His target is mainly wealthier homes on Staten Island, particularly in the more affluent neighborhood of Todt Hill.
Notoriety
The Staten Island Ninja had garnered a large response from the general public. While some regard him as a joke, the New York Police Department had found him a serious threat, having dedicated two task forces of 36 officers to his case. There was a $6,000 reward from the city for his capture. The local newspaper, the Staten Island Advance, said the ninja bandit was the number one story of Staten Island for the year 2007.
Case closed
On April 23, 2008 police quietly closed case after authorities started deportation proceedings against at least one Albanian man believed to be connected to the string of break-ins.
The police department dismantled the team in charge of hunting for the burglar after their forensic and investigative leads were exhausted, but "investigators believe that an individual suspected (but with insufficient evidence to make an arrest) of being the burglar is among three Albanian nationals currently facing deportation because of their illegal status in the United States."
Investigators were first clued into a possible Albanian connection when they learned that several men, from the same area of Albania, had formed a loosely knit group to commit burglaries. One member of the group was arrested in the middle of a Grasmere burglary in November 2007, after the homeowner caught him in the middle of the burglary and called the police. A second member was arrested in January 2008, in connection with a May 27, 2007 break-in, after he allegedly left his fingerprints on the scene. His case is still pending, and the federal government has started deportation proceedings against him. Two other members of the group were believed responsible for several of the break-ins in the Ninja Burglar case, but were never charged. Instead, police contacted federal immigration officials who started deportation proceedings against those two members of the group.
Police brass have long been loath to acknowledge the serial burglar's "Ninja" nickname, and they refer to the spree - which began last May 30 - simply as "Pattern 16."
Monday, June 16, 2008 marks another reported incident implicating the "Ninja Burglar", this time robbing a Hewlet Harbor home in Long Island.
On August 4, 2009 a robbery on Sabrina Ln. In Staten Island is believed to be the "Return of the Ninja", which leads to speculation whether or not the Ninja was ever caught.
References
External links
WCBSTV.COM reports a new Ninja Burglar robbery, this time on Long Island.
Albanian criminals
Burglars
People from Staten Island
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Al-Marsad – Arab Human Rights Centre in Golan Heights is an independent, not-for-profit international human rights organization with no religious or political affiliation that operates in the Golan Heights. The Golan Heights region is internationally recognised by all but the US as Syrian territory occupied by Israel, although Israel asserts it has a right to retain control over the area. The organisation was created in October 2003 and is run from Majdal Shams. It was the first human rights organisation founded in the Golan.
Al-Marsad is registered with the Israeli Registrar of Non-Profits, and is a member of the OPGAI (Occupied Palestinian and Golan Advocacy Initiative) and Convenio Palestina 2015.
Issues and campaigns
Human Rights and Humanitarian Law
Al-Marsad has published detailed legal studies on behalf of affected individuals in the Golan Heights, concerning: forced evictions and internal displacement, the illegality of family separation, parallel reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, including advocacy before the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights concerning human rights abuses, economic occupation, and Israeli violations of international law.
Al-Marsad has also voiced concern over what it deems Israel's "ethnic cleansing" of the Syrian Arab population in the Golan. 130,000 Syrian Arabs from the Golan Heights were expelled or fled to Syria following Israel's capture of the territory in 1967. Most villages were also destroyed by Israeli forces, leaving six villages and 23,000 Syrian residents remaining in the Golan.
Al-Marsad has reported that Israeli settlers receive five times the amount of water than the area's Syrian farmers do, and that land has been expropriated for Israeli settlements. Al-Marsad has also reported that Arab residents, moreover, pay more taxes to Israel than their Israeli counterparts while receiving fewer services.
Israeli (de facto) Annexation of the Golan Heights
Al-Marsad campaigns against Israel's (de facto) annexation of the Syrian Golan Heights.
See also
Annexation of the Syrian Golan Heights
Golan Heights
Israel–Syria relations
UN Security Council Resolution 452
UN Security Council Resolution 465
UN Security Council Resolution 471
UN Security Council Resolution 497
References
Human rights organizations based in Israel
Non-governmental organizations involved in the Israeli–Syrian conflict
Golan Heights
Koljonen is the surname of the following people
Kalle Koljonen (born 1994), Finnish badminton player
Niilo Koljonen (1927–2004), Finnish social scientist
Pele Koljonen (born 1988), Finnish footballer
Toivo Koljonen (1912–1943), Finnish murderer
Vilho Koljonen (1910–2000), Finnish writer and photographer
Marita Johansson (born July 9, 1984 in Karlstad) is a Swedish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 24th
2007 - Collalbo, 23rd
2008 - Kolomna, 20th
World Junior Allround Championships
2003 - Kushiro, 28th
National Championships
2003 - Stockholm, 2nd at allround
2006 - Göteborg, 3rd at 3000 m
2006 - Göteborg, 2nd at 1500 m
2006 - Göteborg, 3rd at 5000 m
2006 - Göteborg, 2nd at allround
2007 - Stockholm, 1st at allround
2008 - Göteborg, 1st at allround
Nordic Junior Games
2003 - Hamar, 2nd at 3000 m
European Youth-23 Games
2005 - Helsinki, 3rd at 3000 m
External links
Johansson at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Johansson at SkateResults.com
1984 births
Living people
Swedish female speed skaters
Sportspeople from Karlstad
The 8th constituency of Val-de-Marne is a French legislative constituency in the Val-de-Marne département.
Description
The 8th constituency of Val-de-Marne sits in the north of the department, on the border with Paris and just south of the Bois de Vincennes. The constituency was enlarged as a result of the 2010 redistricting of French legislative constituencies to include the canton of Joinville-le-Pont.
The seat has returned conservative deputies at every election since 1988, since 1997 it has been held by Michel Herbillon the long serving mayor of Maisons-Alfort.
Historic Representation
Election results
2022
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2017
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2012
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2007
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2002
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
1997
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
* UDF dissident
Sources
Official results of French elections from 2002: "Résultats électoraux officiels en France" (in French).
8
Hemidactylus kimbulae is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
References
Hemidactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Endemic fauna of Sri Lanka
Reptiles of Sri Lanka
The 46th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was among scores of regiments that were raised in the summer of 1864 as A Hundred Days Men, an effort to augment existing manpower for an all-out push to end the war within 100 days.
Service
The 46th Iowa Infantry was organized at Davenport, Iowa, and mustered in for one-hundred days Federal service on June 10, 1864, as part of a plan to raise short term regiments for service as rear area garrison duty to release veteran troops for Sherman's Atlanta Campaign. The 46th Iowa garrisoned strategic points on the Memphis & Charleston Railroad.
The regiment was mustered out at Davenport on September 23, 1864.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 918 men served in the 46th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered 6 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 25 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 31 fatalities.
Commanders
Colonel David B. Henderson, (future ten-term congressman and Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1899 to 1902)
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1864
1864 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
Meryemköy, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 166 people.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Kirişçiler, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Haloxylon is a genus of shrubs or small trees, belonging to the plant family Amaranthaceae. Haloxylon and its species are known by the common name saxaul.
According to Dmitry Ushakov, the name borrowed from the Kazakh "seksevil". In modern Kazakh language, the shrub is called "seksewil". According to the school etymological dictionary, the name saksaul was borrowed in the 19th century from the Turkic languages.
Description
The species of genus Haloxylon are shrubs or small trees (rarely up to ) tall, with a thick trunk and many branches. The branches of the current year are green, from erect to pendant. The leaves are reduced to small scales. The inflorescences are short shoots borne on the stems of the previous year. The flowers are very small, as long or shorter than the bracteoles, bisexual or male. The two stigmas are very short. In fruit, the perianth segments develop spreading wings. The fruit with wings is about in diameter. The seed is about in diameter.
Distribution and habitat
The genus Haloxylon is distributed in southwest and Central Asia, from Egypt to Mongolia and China (Sinkiang and Kansu), where it grows in sandy habitats (psammophyte).
Taxonomy
The genus name Haloxylon was published by Alexander Bunge (ex Eduard Fenzl) in 1851, with the type species Haloxylon ammodendron.
The genus belongs to the subfamily Salsoloideae in the family Amaranthaceae, It consists of only two species:
Haloxylon ammodendron (C.A.Mey.) Bunge ex Fenzl. (Synonym: Haloxylon aphyllum) – black saxaul
Haloxylon persicum Bunge ex Boiss. – white saxaul
Phylogenetic research revealed that several species formerly included in Haloxylon are not related to this genus. They are now classified to genus Hammada, with exception of the former Haloxylon stocksii (syn. Haloxylon recurvum), which has been moved to Salsola stocksii.
The common name saxaul, sometimes sacsaoul or saksaul, comes from the Russian саксаул (saksaul), which is from Kazakh сексеуiл (seksewil).
Ecology
In the deserts of Central Asia, a large number of birds are associated with saxaul, including the saxaul sparrow.
Uses
In the former bed of the Aral Sea, saxaul trees are being planted to stop the wind picking up contaminated sand from the dried up sea bed and spreading them through the atmosphere. The plan is to cover the entire former bed with a forest.
References
External links
Amaranthaceae
Amaranthaceae genera
Taxa named by Eduard Fenzl
"Tremor" is a song by Dutch DJ and record producer Martin Garrix and Belgian DJ duo Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike. The song was released by Spinnin' Records as the official 2014 anthem for Dutch dance event Sensation. It was released as a digital download on 20 April 2014 on Beatport and on 20 June 2014 on iTunes in the United Kingdom. The song debuted at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart, and also charted in Belgium, France and the Netherlands. It was written by Dimitri Thivaios, Martijn Garritsen and Michael Thivaios.
It is considered one of the most popular big room house songs of all-time, along with "Animals" by Martin Garrix, "Epic" by Sandro Silva and Quintino, "Spaceman" by Hardwell and "Tsunami" by Dvbbs and Borgeous.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Tremor" was first released onto YouTube on 22 April 2014 at a total length of three minutes and nineteen seconds.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2014 singles
2014 songs
Martin Garrix songs
Songs written by Martin Garrix
Electronic dance music songs
Spinnin' Records singles
Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike songs
Esenyurt, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Jackson County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located at Sylva, serving Jackson County, North Carolina. It was designed by Smith & Carrier and built in 1913, when Sylva took over the county seat designation from Webster.
The building
The Jackson County Courthouse is situated on a hill at the end of main street, and there are 107 steps leading up to its front portico from the fountain and plaza at street level. It is a two-story, Classical Revival style brick buildings with a three-stage cupola. It was built after C. J. Harris pushed the county to vote for the removal of the county seat from Webster (where it had been since 1851) to Sylva, and the measure passed and the seat was relocated. Harris then as part of the agreement built a courthouse with the sum of money not exceeding $30,000. The building was patterned after the Madison County Courthouse in Marshall, North Carolina. The 1913 Courthouse served as the county's courthouse from 1914 until the present Justice Center was built in 1994 on Grindstaff Cove Road east of town near US 74. It had been previously renovated in 1950 with the mezzanine third floor was painted white and four windows were added to the front and back of the third floor. It was renovated again in 1969, when the red bricks were painted white, a clock added to the dome, the pine trees along the steps that hid the building from the street and lined the steps were also removed.
In 2007, the Courthouse site was selected for the location of the new Jackson County Public Library. The old Jail from 1963 was demolished at this time, and the original jail from 1913 was demolished in 2009, when the new library started being constructed.
The Jackson County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The jails
The original jail was small, about the size of a house. It served as the main county jail until a big red brick structure was built between it and the courthouse in 1963. They were both two floors tall and connected by a one-floor tall office wing on the 1963 building. The jails were abandoned in favor of a new facility around 2000. Both jails were recently demolished in preparation for the construction of the new Library on their sites.
New Jackson County Public Library
Construction started in 2009 on a 20,000 sq. ft. two-story addition to house the library, which is being built onto the back of the historic courthouse, and will incorporate elements of the old building into it, and will connect with the back of the courthouse via large glass roofed atrium. The new building will replace a small, sad, one story structure with a meager floorspace of 6,000SQ FT that was built in 1970 on Main Street. The Courthouse is also being restored to house the Jackson County Genealogical Society, Arts Council, and Historical Society. It will have an Auditorium in the former courtroom and it will also become the showplace of the county, and has had new windows and doors installed as part of the restoration. The iconic dome and clocktower of the building was removed for the third time since its construction for renovation work (it was removed in 2010 and replaced in 2011, and it was previously removed in 1969 and 1994), and the entire complex was scheduled to open in May 2011, with a grand opening in June. The construction is mostly complete, but finishing work needs to be done on both the interior and exterior as of February 5, 2011.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, North Carolina
References
Government buildings completed in 1913
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, North Carolina
County courthouses in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, North Carolina
1913 establishments in North Carolina
Vadym Lazorenko (, born 1 March 1965 in Kiev) is a former Soviet footballer and Ukrainian football manager.
References
External links
Vadym Lazorenko. Luhansk Our Football portal.
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Kyiv
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Ros Bila Tserkva players
FC Nyva Ternopil players
FC VSS Košice players
FC Stal Kamianske managers
FC Slavutych managers
FC Systema-Boreks Borodianka managers
FC Obolon Kyiv managers
FC Borysfen Boryspil managers
FC Ros Bila Tserkva managers
FC Desna Chernihiv managers
FC Yednist Plysky managers
FC Ararat Yerevan managers
FC Lyubomyr Stavyshche managers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Czechoslovakia
Association football defenders
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Armenia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Ukrainian Second League managers
Thiago David Olson (born 1989) is a venture capitalist, electrical engineer and entrepreneur. Olson is the co-founder and CEO of Stratos Technologies, Inc., creators of the Stratos Card. As an electrical engineer Olson became known as a teenager for his research in Nuclear Fusion and Neutron Sciences. As a 17-year-old, attending Stoney Creek High School in Rochester Hills, Michigan, Olson created a homemade nuclear fusion reactor. In his article Neutron activation analysis using an inertial electrostatic confinement fusion device he indicated that his apparatus did not produce surplus energy.
For this work, he received a first place Special Award given by the AVS/VTD in 2007 in connection with a second place prize in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair 2007, section Physics and Astronomy
He studied at Vanderbilt University and Princeton University. In 2009, he was one of three students to receive a Department of Defense SMART Fellowship, which supports students who demonstrate interest in conducting applied research.
Olson previously worked as an electrical engineer at the U.S. Department of Defense.
The minor planet 23262 Thiagoolson has been named after Olson for his research in nuclear fusion and neutron sciences.
References
External links
Teen builds basement nuclear reactor, Popular Science - YouTube
American electrical engineers
1989 births
Living people
Nuclear physicists
https://www.fastcompany.com/3043133/genius-who-built-a-nuclear-fusion-reactor-at-17-takes-on-the-payments-industry
The Great Southern Railways (GSR) Class 670 consisted of five 0-6-2T tank locomotives built by Inchicore railway works in 1933 for suburban services south of Dublin to Bray and Greystones.
Design
On the amalgamation of the Dublin and South Eastern Railway (DSER) into the GSR in 1925 the former was found to be short of operational working motive power due to Irish Civil War, maintenance backlog and proportion of stock being life expired. In the interim locomotives from outside the DSER area were used to cover the shortfall.
The commuter services to the south of Dublin were best served by a tank engine. The GSR chose not to continue with any DSER designs but created the GSR Class 850 design incorporating several modern features with a single example being built. The acute motive shortage was resolved by this 1933 design by A.W. Harty. It incorporated the modern type Z boiler used successfully elsewhere but many other features were considered conservative and retrospective compared to the class 850 and in practice they were more difficult to access for repairs and maintenance.
Harty also produced the GSR Class 710 which was a related design but with a tender.
Service
The locomotives almost served exclusively on the Dublin—Bray—Greystones passenger commuter services, though they were also scheduled to work the Wexford Mail from Bray to Westland Row and once at least one of the class was noted in Wexford. They were noted for having some difficulty with timekeeping. A 1948 report noted their shortcomings but also noted they were essential for the suburban services they worked.
Incidents
In 1934 two of the locomotives suffered read end collision damage at Bray. On repair their bunker was extended into the cab increasing coal capacity by about half a ton.
Livery
The carried standard GSR grey livery and painted side numbers from new, acquiring a CIÉ lined green passenger livery with repaints from 1948 onwards.
Model
There is a detailed O Gauge model of engine 670 in the Fry model railway collection.
References
0-6-2T locomotives
5 ft 3 in gauge locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1933
Steam locomotives of Ireland
Scrapped locomotives
Laurent Bernier (28 December 1921 – 13 August 2007) was a Canadian ski jumper who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
References
1921 births
2007 deaths
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Lungile Pepeta (1974 – 7 August 2020) was a South African paediatric cardiologist, medical researcher, university professor and activist who also served as the chairperson of the Council of Medical Schemes. Lungile was regarded as one of the pioneers of the medical industry in South Africa especially for his crucial contributions regarding child health care. He also served as the executive dean in the faculty of Health Sciences at Nelson Mandela University and was the former head of the paediatric department and paediatric cardiology at Dora Nginza Hospital.
Biography
Lungile Pepeta was born and raised in Bizana, Eastern Cape where he spent most of his life.
Career
In 1997, Pepeta completed his Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery at the Walter Sisulu University and obtained his diploma in child health care in 1999. He also completed a Master of medicine in Paediatrics from the University of Witwatersrand and was a fellowship holder of the Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions.
He qualified as a paediatrician in 2003, specialising in the field of paediatric cardiology since 2008. In 2009, he established Port Elizabeth's first paediatric cardiology unit at the provincial Dora Nginza Hospital and was appointed as head of the paediatrics department at Dora Nginza in 2010. He also introduced non invasive procedures to cure the heart disorders and defects such as congenital heart disorder faced by children in the Eastern Cape. He also mentored and trained many doctors especially related to the field of paediatrics.
In January 2017, he joined the faculty of Health Sciences at the Nelson Mandela University in Port Elizabeth and became the executive dean of the faculty. He also became a member of the Council of Medical Schemes in November 2017.
In June 2020, he was elected as the chairperson of the Council of Medical Schemes eventually replacing Clarence Mini who died on 12 May 2020 due to COVID-19. He was also roped in as a member of a 15-member jury panel of experts advising committee to the provincial government's COVID-19 taskforce.
Death
Pepeta was hospitalized at the Life St George's Hospital in June 2020, and was later revealed to have contracted the coronavirus. He died on 7 August 2020, from COVID-19 complications at the age of 46 during the COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa. Until his death, he served as chairman of CMS as well as the executive dean at Nelson Mandela University. He was pursuing a PhD in paediatrics from the University of Stellenbosch prior to his death.
The funeral was held with category 2 special official provincial respect on 12 August 2020, in Bizana.
References
External links
1974 births
2020 deaths
African and Black nationalists
South African activists
South African cardiologists
South African humanitarians
South African philanthropists
Stellenbosch University alumni
Walter Sisulu University alumni
South African medical researchers
People from the Eastern Cape
Nelson Mandela University academics
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa
The 2016 Fitzgerald Glider Kits 300 was the seventh stock car race of the 2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series season and the 34th iteration of the event. The race was held on Saturday, April 16, 2016, in Bristol, Tennessee at Bristol Motor Speedway, a 0.533 miles (0.858 km) permanent oval-shaped racetrack. The race took the scheduled 200 laps to complete, with the first 100 laps being split into two 50-lap heats of 20 cars. At race's end, Erik Jones, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, would complete a late race charge on the final restart with three to go to win his third career NASCAR Xfinity Series win and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Kyle Busch, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, and Kyle Larson, driving for Chip Ganassi Racing, would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
The Bristol Motor Speedway, formerly known as Bristol International Raceway and Bristol Raceway, is a NASCAR short track venue located in Bristol, Tennessee. Constructed in 1960, it held its first NASCAR race on July 30, 1961. Despite its short length, Bristol is among the most popular tracks on the NASCAR schedule because of its distinct features, which include extraordinarily steep banking, an all concrete surface, two pit roads, and stadium-like seating. It has also been named one of the loudest NASCAR tracks.
Dash 4 Cash format and eligibility
In 2016, NASCAR would announce changes to its Dash 4 Cash format. The format would now include heat races to determine qualifiers. Each driver would qualify for heats in knockout qualifying, with odd-position drivers driving in heat #1, and even-position drivers competing in heat #2. The top two finishers of each heat would compete for the Dash 4 Cash in the main race after the heats.
Entry list
(R) denotes rookie driver.
(i) denotes driver who is ineligible for series driver points.
Practice
First practice
The first practice session was held on Friday, April 15, at 12:30 PM EST. The session would last for one hour and 25 minutes. Austin Dillon, driving for Richard Childress Racing, would set the fastest time in the session, with a time of 15.570 and an average speed of .
Second and final practice
The final practice session, sometimes known as Happy Hour, was held on Friday, April 15, at 3:00 PM EST. The session would last for 55 minutes. Blake Koch, driving for Kaulig Racing, would set the fastest time in the session, with a time of 15.516 and an average speed of .
Heat qualifying
Qualifying for the two preliminary heat races was held on Saturday, April 16, at 9:30 AM EST. Since Bristol Motor Speedway is under 2 miles (3.2 km) in length, the qualifying system was a multi-car system that included three rounds. The first round was 15 minutes, where every driver would be able to set a lap within the 15 minutes. Then, the second round would consist of the fastest 24 cars in Round 1, and drivers would have 10 minutes to set a lap. Round 3 consisted of the fastest 12 drivers from Round 2, and the drivers would have 5 minutes to set a time. Whoever was fastest in Round 3 would win the pole.
Erik Jones, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, would win the pole for heat #1, setting a time of 15.239 and an average speed of in the third round. Meanwhile, Austin Dillon, driving for Richard Childress Racing would win the pole for heat #2, setting a time of 15.284 and an average speed of in the third round.
Two drivers would fail to qualify: Morgan Shepherd and Carl Long.
Full qualifying results
Heat #1 results
Heat #1 was held on Saturday, April 16, at 12:30 PM EST. The race took 50 laps to complete. Erik Jones, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, would dominate the race to win the heat and the overall pole. Kyle Larson would complete the two drivers in the heat eligible for the Dash 4 Cash.
Heat #2 results
Heat #2 was held on Saturday, April 16, at approximately 1:10 PM EST. The race took 50 laps to complete. Austin Dillon, driving for Richard Childress Racing, would dominate the race to win the outside pole. Ty Dillon would complete the two drivers in the heat eligible for the Dash 4 Cash.
Main race lineup
Main race results
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first 12 positions are included for the driver standings.
References
2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series
NASCAR races at Bristol Motor Speedway
April 2016 sports events in the United States
2016 in sports in Tennessee
Kalevi Laurila (5 December 1937 – 13 April 1991) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He competed in all cross-country skiing events at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics and won two medals in the 4 × 10 km relay, placing fourth-eleventh in individual events. At the world championships he won three silver medals, in the 30 km in 1966 and in the 4 × 10 km relay in 1962 and 1966. His last international competition was the 1974 World Championships, where his relay team finished fourth. Domestically he won seven titles, in the 15 km (1967–68, 1970 and 1974), 30 km (1966 and 1968) and 50 km (1967).
Laurila was a decorated police sergeant. Besides skiing Laurila he competed in rowing and biathlon, winning a silver medal in 1973 and a bronze in 1978 at the European Police Championships. In rowing he won the 1967 national title in coxless fours.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
2 medals – (1 silver, 1 bronze)
World Championships
3 medals – (3 silver)
References
External links
1937 births
1991 deaths
Finnish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
Bački Monoštor () is a village located in the municipality of Sombor, West Bačka District, Vojvodina, Serbia. As of 2011 census, it has a population of 3,485 inhabitants. The village has a Croat majority (that belong to the Croat subgroup of Šokac).
Name
In Serbian the village is known as Бачки Моноштор or Bački Monoštor, in Croatian as Monoštor (since 2009) or Bački Monoštor (before 2009), in Hungarian as Monostorszeg.
History
The village of Monostor, located on Siga, was constantly flooded and its population thus settled at the location of Bački Monoštor some time before 1722. The parish of Monostor was established in 1722. The Catholic church of St. Peter and Paul was founded in 1752, and reconstructed in 1806. The first school was opened in 1826. Prior to World War I, the village was inhabited by Šokci, Hungarians, Germans and Romani, and during the war the locals were mobilized into the Austro-Hungarian Army.
Demographics
Historical population
1961: 4,560
1971: 4,590
1981: 4,432
1991: 4,205
2002: 3,920
2011: 3,425
Ethnic groups
1991 census
Yugoslavs = 1,709
Croats = 1,563
Šokci = 404
Hungarians = 167
Serbs = 145
2002 census
Croats = 2,043 (52.12%)
Yugoslavs = 570 (14.54%)
Serbs = 371 (9.46%)
Hungarians = 211 (5.38%)
Romanians = 179 (4.57%)
Romani = 100 (2.55%)
others.
Features
Bački Monoštor is located on a small peninsula surrounded by the Danube backwaters and channels that can be reached only by passing over the bridges - hence the name "Village on the 7 Danube." A bridge is placed at the entrance to the village from the direction of Sombor - the so-called "Pislin bridge" which is on the Grand Bačka Canal, the other is at the entrance to the village from the direction of Bezdan - pontoon bridge, also over the Grand Canal and the third is placed at the southwestern side of the village over Canal Danube-Tisa-Danube, so-called "Gypsy bridge" that connects Bački Monoštor with his woods and cottage settlements. Previously, there was another bridge in the district near monoštorski road to Sombor, set over the Grand Canal which connected the former estates and farms to the main road, but was destroyed during World War II.
There are also marked cycling routes - the via pacis Panonie.
As for coming to Bački Monoštor by water, it is the most attractive because it offers the possibility of enjoying the countless beauties of nature and the surrounding villages. In the past, the not so distant, Bački Monoštor had a so-called Danube port for barge and small boats. With the arrival of modern times, regulation of the Danube river channel and construction of defensive embankments for flood protection, the village was temporarily paralyzed the flow of the Danube, so called. Here is located one of the branches of the Danube, called Dunavac, which is now somewhat farther away from the village.
The program of revitalizing the Special Nature Reserve "Gornje Podunavlje" will provide training and a series of Shaft of the Danube for navigation of boats and ships, both in the economic, and the purpose of development of rural tourism and tourism in general.
See also
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
References
Sources
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.
External links
www.soinfo.org
www.backimonostor.rs
History of Bački Monoštor
Populated places in Vojvodina
Places in Bačka
Sombor
West Bačka District
Croatian communities
Diactenis youngi is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Taiwan.
The wingspan is 7.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with ochreous and dotted with brown between the median veins. The hindwings are white cream. Adults are on wing in mid-May.
References
Moths described in 2000
Schoenotenini
Moths of Taiwan
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The upland hardwood forests of Florida are closed canopy forests dominated by deciduous and evergreen trees, and shrubs.
Description
The upland hardwood forest biome is a closed canopy forest containing deciduous and evergreen trees in the canopy and subcanopy, as well as shrubs in the subcanopy. Limestone outcrops are common in Upland Hardwood Forests.
Common species of Upland Hardwood Forests are Southern Magnolia (Magnolia grandiflora), Pignut Hickory (Carya glabra), American Sweetgum (Liquidambar styraciflua), Florida Maple (Acer floridanum), Live Oak (Quercus virginiana), Laurel Oak (Quercus hemisphaerica), Swamp Chestnut Oak (Quercus michauxii), White Ash (Fraxinus americana), Loblolly Pine (Pinus taeda), American Beech (Fagus grandifolia), and Spruce Pine (Pinus glabra). The mid-story canopy consists of American Holly (Ilex opaca), Redbay (Persea borbonia), American Hornbeam (Carpinus caroliniana), Gum bully (Sideroxylon lanuginosum), Devil's Walkingstick (Aralia spinosa), American Hophornbeam (Ostrya virginiana), Flowering Dogwood (Cornus florida), Eastern Redbud (Cercis canadensis), Winged Elm (Ulmus alata), and Black cherry (Prunus serotina). In the Florida Panhandle the Upland Hardwood Forest contains several species that are more common north of there. In the Florida Peninsula the amount of evergreens increases and species richness decreases as northern deciduous species (American Beech, White Oak) reach their southern limits. Upland Hardwood Forest in Central Florida, at the southern end of its range (especially along the Brooksville Ridge), is often hard to differentiate from Mesic Hammock.
References
Plant communities of Florida
Plant communities of Georgia (U.S. state)
Plant communities of Alabama
Plant communities of Mississippi
Plant communities of South Carolina
Plant communities of North Carolina
Plant communities of Louisiana
Plant communities of Texas
Sensible may refer to:
Captain Sensible (born 1954), English rock guitarist
French frigate Sensible (1788), a 32-gun Magicienne-class frigate
Sensible Sentencing Trust, a lobby group
Sensible Software, a defunct video game company
Sensible, an album by Zayda y los Culpables
See also
Sense (disambiguation)
Sensibility
Albanian Footballer of the Year is an annual award given to the best professional Albanian footballer elected by Football Association of Albania members, coaches and captains of the Kategoria Superiore clubs. The award can also be given to a foreign player in the Kategoria Superiore, as Croatian striker Pero Pejić was nominated for the 2014 award after becoming the first foreign player to win the golden boot for the 2013–14 season.
Winners
Number of awards per player
See also
Kategoria Superiore Player of the Month
References
Footballers in Albania
Albanian awards
Annual events in Albania
Association football player non-biographical articles
Association football player of the year awards by nationality
Wren-Lewis is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Wren-Lewis (1923–2006), British psychologist, scientist, and professor
Simon Wren-Lewis (born 1953), British economist and professor
Compound surnames
English-language surnames
Margaret L. "Marnie" Danhauser (June 9, 1921 – January 6, 1987) was a first basewoman who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted and threw right-handed.
Career
A native of Racine, Wisconsin, Danhauser became the first hometown girl to join the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Basically a line-drive hitter, she was an accomplished defender at first base during eight seasons and a member of two Championship teams.
The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League was a circuit that began to operate in 1943 in cities located on or near Lake Michigan. The main promoter was Philip K. Wrigley, owner of the Chicago Cubs, who worried about the viability of Major League Baseball players during World War II decided to establish an alternate attraction. The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League was a circuit that began to operate in 1943 in cities located on or near Lake Michigan. Play in 1943 was a weird hybrid of softball and baseball, and the circuit was initially called the All-American Girls Softball League, though early in the first season the name was changed to All American Girls Baseball League. The new league started with four teams, the Kenosha Comets, Racine Belles, Rockford Peaches and South Bend Blue Sox. Danhauser was invited to a tryout at Wrigley Field in Chicago, and immediately was assigned to the Belles.
In addition to baseball and softball, Danhauser had played basketball, bowling and golf as a youth near Racine. She attended St. Joseph School and St. Catherine's High School, and played with the local Pugh Coal girls softball team for three years, winning the Wisconsin State Championship in 1936 and 1937. She also worked for Western Printing and Lithographing as a book binder before joining the AAGPBL in its inaugural season.
In 1943 the Belles won both the first half of the season and AAGPBL championship. In the best-of-five Series, Racine defeated the Kenosha Comets, winners of the second half, 3 games to 0. The attack was led by slugging right fielder Eleanor Dapkus, who hit a league-lead 10 home runs, while Sophie Kurys, well known for her stunning speed, stole 44 bases and scored 60 runs. The pitching staff was led by Mary Nesbitt (26-11) and Joanne Winter (11-11), while Danhauser, Maddy English, Edythe Perlick and Claire Schillace could be counted on for their bats and solid defense.
In 1946, Winter earned 33 victories for only nine losses while pitching 17 shutouts with 183 strikeouts in 46 appearances. The Belles finished first place with a league-best 74–38 record, won the semifinal round of playoffs by defeating the South Bend Blue Sox in four games, and clinched the AAGPBL crown by defeating the 1945 champions, the Rockford Peaches, four games to two. Throughout the playoffs, Kurys led all players in average, stolen bases and runs. On the other hand, Winter collected four wins in the playoffs, including a 14-inning, 1–0 shutout victory over the Peaches in decisive Game Six. The winning run was scored by Kurys on an RBI-single by Betty Trezza, while Danhauser handled 22 chances flawlessly. During the season, the Belles again showed a great defense, notably by Danhauser at first, Kurys at second, English at third and Trezza at shortstop, while Irene Hickson caught and Perlick (LF), Schillace (CF) and Dapkus (RF) patrolled the outfield. And moreover, fielding ability and speed on the bases were immensely more crucial and challenging in a dominant pitching league.
In 1947 Racine defeated the Muskegon Lassies in the playoffs, three games to one, but lost to the Grand Rapids Chicks in the final Series four games to three. In the 1948 season the team lost the semifinal playoff to the Rockford Peaches, the eventual Championship Team.
But after eight successful seasons the Belles lacked the financial resources to keep the club playing in Racine and decided to move to Battle Creek, Michigan for the 1951 season. Then Danhauser, along with Dapkus, English, Hickson, Kurys, Perlick, Schillace and Winter, founding team members, were disappointment with the new location and would not make the move. During eight years, the eight girls were a close-knit unit, always like a family away from home, as they thought that all would be different.
Danhauser was a .144 hitter in 728 games. At first base, she committed only 179 errors in 7794 chances for an outstanding .982 fielding average.
Following her playing retirement, Danhauser returned to her home town of Racine and married, changing her name to Margaret Danhauser Brown. She died at the age of 65.
Statistics
Batting
Fielding
Facts
The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League folded in 1954, but there is now a permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York since November 5, that honors those who were part of this unique experience.
A League of Their Own is a 1992 film about the first season of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, won by the Racine Belles. While the film does not use real names, filmmaker Penny Marshall seemed to be aiming for realism, as her film includes fake newsreel footage and pseudo-documentary present day scenes at the beginning and end of the fictitious story. Like many of her colleagues, Margaret Danhauser was relatively unknown until the Marshall's film was exhibited for the first time.
Through the eyes of a fictional young girl, the children's book Dirt on Their Skirts tells the experiences of watching the 1946 championship game of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League between Racine and Rockford as it goes into extra innings.
Sources
A League Of My Own: Memoir of a Pitcher for the All-American Girls – Patricia I. Brown. Publisher: Macfarland & Company, 2003. Format: Paperback, 216pp. Language: English.
Biographical Dictionary of American Sports – David L. Porter. Publisher: Greenwood Press, 2000. Format: Hardcover, 2064pp. Language: English.
Dirt on Their Skirts: The Story of the Young Women who Won the World Championship – Doreen Rappaport, Lyndall Callan, E. B. Lewis. Publisher: Penguin Group, 2000. Format: Hardcover, 32pp. Language: English. *Encyclopedia of Women and Baseball''' – Leslie A. Heaphy, Mel Anthony May. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2006. Format: Paperback, 438pp. Language: English. Women in Baseball: The Forgotten History – Gai Ingham Berlage, Charley Gerard. Publisher: Greenwood Publishing Group, 1994. Format: Hardcover, 224pp. Language: English. The Women of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League: A Biographical Dictionary – W. C. Madden. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2005. Format: Paperback, 295 pp. Language: English. When Women Played Hardball'' – Susan Johnson. Publisher: Seal Press, 1994. Format: Paperback, 320pp. Language: Language: English.
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League History. Retrieved 2019-03-29.
Baseball Historian
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Racine Belles (1943–1950) players
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Sportspeople from Racine, Wisconsin
1921 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
20th-century American women
is a railway station in the city of Hanamaki, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Nitanai Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 3.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform. The platforms are not numbered. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Nitanai Station opened on 25 October 1913 as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
Kitakami River
Hanamaki Airport
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1913
Hanamaki, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Hayden Kho Jr. is a Filipino media personality, model, actor, and cosmetic surgeon.
Life and education
Hayden Kho Jr. was born on May 20, 1980, the third of 4 children. His father, Hayden Kho, Sr., is a Chinese doctor, while his mother, Irene dela Santa, is a Spanish-Filipina businesswoman.
He attended Grace Christian High School (now Grace Christian College) in Quezon City. Kho went on to study at the University of Santo Tomas, where he earned his bachelor's degree in medical technology in 2001, and then his medical degree in 2005. He completed his internship at the Makati Medical Center where he also served as president of the interns association. He earned his medical license in 2007.
Kho also completed his training in anti-aging medicine through the European Anti-Aging Medicine Society (Paris). In Manila, Kho practiced specific cosmetic dermatology and surgery procedures under the organization of the Belo Medical Group, owned by Dr. Vicki Belo.
Modeling and showbusiness career
At the age of 16, Kho started his career in ramp modeling while pursuing his bachelor's degree. This stint brought him to places like New York City, Singapore, South Korea and Japan.
In 2007, Kho started appearing on Philippine national television as an actor. He was a contender in Celebrity Duets, and appeared in various supporting roles on TV, as a GMA talent.
Infamy and scandal
Kho's promising career was interrupted when it was reported that Kho had tried to commit suicide in December 2008. In 2009, while already well known in the modeling and showbiz industry, he achieved household infamy in his involvement in a sex scandal.
Kho was brought to a senate hearing and was tried publicly on national television. Attention towards the controversy lasted for years and resulted to criminal and civil cases filed against Kho by one of the involved parties, Filipina actress Katrina Halili, his partner in Celebrity Duets. CNN tagged this incident as the most controversial sex scandal in Asia.
The Philippine Board of Medicine revoked Kho's license to practice medicine and cited unethical behavior as the basis for his expulsion from the medical society. In December of the same year, Kho reportedly attempted to commit suicide for the second time.
Rebuilding career
Losing his medical license was devastating for Kho, and he lost the support of many. In 2011, in an effort to rebuild his career, Kho launched his own eponymous brand of fragrances called, "HAYDEN". He was also tapped as the endorser of the Filipino fashion brand Maldita Man and by the cosmetic giant Ever Bilena, Inc.
He also hosted the defunct Filipino showbiz-oriented talk show Paparazzi, which was aired on TV5. Kho was also director of the skin care distribution brand ZO Skin Health in the Philippines.
Rebuilding his life
In 2013, Kho met Christian philosopher and apologist Ravi Zacharias in an event hosted by some leaders of the Christ's Commission Fellowship (CCF) in Manila. Kho became an active member of the group, and later became a devout Christian in June of that year. He was mentored by the late Zacharias, and also by the CCF movement founder, Pastor Peter Tan-Chi.
In 2014, Kho went to the Oxford Centre for Christian Apologetics to study Christian apologetics, where he met and was tutored by Christian sociologist and author Os Guinness; scientist, mathematician, and philosopher John Lennox; theologian and author Alister McGrath; and anti-Islam polemicist Jay Smith, among others.
While Kho was studying in Oxford, the Professional Regulation Commission reinstated his medical license. The same year, all cases against Kho were dismissed. Kho and Halili reconciled thereafter.
In respect to his conversion to Christianity, Kho confirmed that he had been practicing faith-based abstinence. It has been reported that Belo and Kho conceived their first child, Scarlet Snow Belo, via in-vitro fertilization (IVF) who was born on March 3, 2015 - when Belo was 59 years old - through surrogacy with a Mexican-American woman.
Kho attributes his new lease on life to his Christian faith. While devoting much of his energy to his family and business ventures, he accepted certain acting roles in movies such as The Bride and His Lover in 2013, and EDSA, the Movie in 2016.
Kho resumed his medical practice in 2016 at the now-defunct Sexy Solutions clinics. He owns and runs a real estate website called ZoneListing, Inc. He is also invested in various software companies that create apps such as Pocket Market and Paylance.
Current activities
In September 2017, Kho finally married his best friend and long-time partner, Dr. Vicki Belo, in a lavish ceremony in Paris. In 2018, he continued his studies in Christian apologetics. He also leads the product and services development department of the Belo Medical Group.
Currently, Kho sits on the board of a non-profit organization called RightStart Foundation and supports various causes and community support projects. Recently, Kho shared details of his mental health struggles, and his journey through suicide and depression.
Television
Film
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
University of Santo Tomas alumni
Filipino male models
Filipino male film actors
Filipino surgeons
Sex scandals
Participants in Philippine reality television series
Businesspeople from Metro Manila
Filipino dermatologists
21st-century Filipino businesspeople
Filipino Christians
Filipino evangelicals
21st-century Filipino medical doctors
Filipino people of Chinese descent
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Filipino male television actors
Kenneth "Ken" Batty (born ) is a former rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. He played club level rugby union (RU) for West Park Leeds RUFC, and club level rugby league (RL) for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 714), and St. George Dragons, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, 3 or 4, or 6.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Ken Batty played , i.e. number 5, in Wakefield Trinity's 17-10 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the Championship Final during the 1967-68 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Ken Batty played , i.e. number 5, in Wakefield Trinity's 10-11 defeat by Leeds in the 1968 Challenge Cup "Watersplash" Final during the 1967–68 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1968, in front of a crowd of 87,100.
NRL Grand Final appearances
Ken Batty played , i.e. number 2, in St. George Dragons' 10-16 defeat by South Sydney Rabbitohs in the NRL Grand Final Final during the 1971 NSWRFL season at Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday 18 September 1971.
References
External links
Rugby Cup Final 1968
Living people
English rugby league players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league players from Yorkshire
Rugby league wingers
English rugby union players
St. George Dragons players
Wakefield Trinity players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Leo John Keena (April 12, 1878 – December 13, 1967) was an American football player and diplomat.
Early years
Keena was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1878, the son of James T. Keena and Henrietta (Boyle) Keena. His father was a lawyer who later became the president of the Peoples State Bank of Detroit.
University of Michigan
Keena played college football as a fullback and kicker for the University of Michigan from 1897 to 1899. He served in the United States Navy as a seaman on the auxiliary cruiser during the Spanish–American War.
Diplomatic career
After receiving his degree, Keena became a diplomat for the United States in 1909. He was married in August 1906 to Eleanor Clarke. Keena's early diplomatic posts include service as U.S. Consul in Chihuahua, Mexico (1909–10), U.S. Counsel to Florence, Italy (1910–14), U.S. Consul General in Buenos Aires, Argentina (1914–15), U.S. Consul General in Valparaíso, Chile (1915–19), U.S. Consul General in Zürich, Switzerland (1919–20), U.S. Consul General in Warsaw, Poland (1920–22), U.S. Consul in Liverpool, England (1924–26), U.S. Counsul General in Havana, Cuba (1927–29), and U.S. Counsul General in Paris (1929–32). He was appointed by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and served as the United States Ambassador to Honduras from February 1935 to May 1937 and as United States Ambassador to South Africa from July 1937 to August 1942.
Later life and death
After his assignment to South Africa, Keena retired from the Foreign Service in 1943. He died in Knysna in December 1967.
Notes
References
1878 births
1967 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American football fullbacks
Detroit Titans football players
Michigan Wolverines football players
Ambassadors of the United States to Honduras
Ambassadors of the United States to South Africa
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
Players of American football from Detroit
The New York Senior Football Championship is a Gaelic football competition for teams affiliated to the New York (New York GAA) board of the Gaelic Athletic Association. Teams are generally from the New York area, though a team from Stamford, Connecticut, has participated in recent years, and in 2006 Four Provinces represented Philadelphia. In 2007 Na Clairsigh, a club from Albany, New York, joined the 32 football teams and four hurling teams in the NY GAA.
Top winners
Roll of Honor
References
Senior Championship
Senior Championship
Gaelic 1 Championship
Jans Rautenbach (22 February 1936 – 2 November 2016) was a South African screenwriter, film producer and director. His 1968 film Die Kandidaat proved controversial and received some censorship in South Africa, because of perceived criticism of the apartheid system. His last film, Abraham, was a hit at the South African box office.
Selected filmography
Director
Die Kandidaat (1968)
Katrina (1969)
Jannie Totsiens (1970)
Pappalap (1971)
Ongewenste Vreemdeling (1974)
Eendag Op 'n Reendag (1976)
My Way II (1977)
Blink Stefaans (1981)
Broer Matie (1984)
(1984)
Abraham (2015)
References
Bibliography
Tomaselli, Keyan. The cinema of apartheid: race and class in South African film. Routledge, 1989.
Botha, Martin & Steinmair, Deborah. Jans Rautenbach, dromer, baanbreker en auteur/Jans, droomsaaier – sy memoirs (biography & memoirs, in Afrikaans). Genugtig Uitgewers, 2006.
External links
1936 births
2016 deaths
Afrikaner people
South African film directors
Cowden v. Commissioner, 289 F.2d 20 (5th Cir. 1961), outlined the factors used to determine whether something received is a cash equivalent, in other words, whether something received is taxable when it was received or when it was assigned. The court observed two main doctrines in determining when something is taxable. The court relied on the doctrines of constructive receipt and cash equivalence while reiterating that substance rather than form should control income tax laws.
Background
The taxpayers made a contract for oil and gas royalty payments with "bonuses" payable in two subsequent years. They next signed these contracts over to a bank reporting the amounts received as long term capital gains. The Commissioner disagreed as to their designation making them taxable as capital gains.
Procedural history
The Commissioner found the “bonus” payments to be taxable at the time they were created and assigned to the extent of their fair market value subject to depletion, computed by applying a four percent discount.
The Tax Court found the "bonus" payments to be taxable at their full face value in the year of the agreement and at ordinary income rates (no depletion). The taxpayer appeals this judgment.
Decision
Previous case law seemed to imply that only obligations represented by negotiable instruments were cash equivalent. The court rejects this argument, that no obligation can be found to be a cash equivalent unless there is a negotiable instrument, as too unrealistic and formalistic. In addition, the court found that a promissory note is not necessarily a cash equivalent. The court then identified the following factors to consider when deciding if something is a cash equivalent:
unconditional promise to pay;
promisor is solvent when the note is delivered;
assignable;
not subject to set-off;
readily marketable; and
not too risky
When you have a negotiable instrument, you look at the above factors to determine if it is a cash equivalent. If the instrument IS a cash equivalent then it is taxable as if cash were received by the taxpayer instead of an obligation.
The court remanded the case to determine whether the “bonus” obligations were cash equivalents and therefore taxable in the year they were assigned.
See also
Tax accounting
References
Further reading
Donaldson, Samuel A., Federal Income Taxation of Individuals: Cases, Problems and Materials, Thomson/West, 2007, p. 364.
External links
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit cases
United States Tax Court cases
1961 in United States case law
Latika Kumari (born 5 January 1992) is an Indian cricketer. She is a right-handed batter and her bowling style is right-arm medium. She is a part of major teams like Delhi Women, India B Women, India Blue Women, and India Women. Kumari made her T20I debut in England Women v. India Women at Taunton on 11 June 2009. Her last T20I was India Women v. New Zealand Women at Bengaluru on 15 July 2015.
In 2009, Kumari was included in the squad of fifteen along with two new inclusions: Babita Mandlik and offspinner Diana David.
References
1992 births
Living people
Indian women cricketers
India women Twenty20 International cricketers
Delhi women cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Beautiful Songs is a compilation album released in 2003 by first generation K-pop girl group S.E.S. This is S.E.S.' last album before officially disbanding. Although it comprises their Korean songs, the record was released only in Japan by their record label in the country, Avex Trax.
Track listing
S.II.S (Soul To Soul)
Just A Feeling (Liquid Electro Mix)
Love
U
I Will...
Dreams Come True
I've Been Waiting For You
Melody
Snow X-Mas
Tell Me
Season In Love
Friend
Beautiful Life
Show Me Love
Love Game
('Cause) I'm Your Girl
Running
BRAND NEW ★ WORLD
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
S.E.S. (group) albums
2003 compilation albums
Milatovići is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 625 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Kuruçay, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey. As of 2014 it had a population of 844 people.
History
Its initial name was Uluçay and changed to Kuruçay as a result of the mutual discussion of the villages Hızır and Hacı Ahmet Efendi. There are some relics from the Ottoman period in the village; it has a castle from the same time period with a height of 1850 m (6070 ft).
Population
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Ahmad Kaweesa Ssengendo is a Ugandan botanist, academic, and academic administrator. He is the former Rector of the Islamic University in Uganda, a private university that was accredited by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education (UNCHE) in 1988. He was appointed to that position in 2004.
Background
He was born in Bukanga Village, Isingiro District on 6 February 1959 to Yunus Kaweesa and Zuhurah Kaweesa.
Education
He attended Kyaluhambura Primary School for his elementary education. He attended Old Kampala Secondary School for his O-Level studies, from 1973 until 1976. For his A-Level education, he relocated to St. Henry's College Kitovu, where he studied physics, chemistry, biology, and subsidiary mathematics.
He was admitted to Makerere University, the largest and oldest public university in Uganda. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Botany. He followed that with a Diploma in education. Later, he obtained a Master Arts in education, also from Makerere University. From 1985 until 1987, Ssengendo attended the University of Kansas, obtaining a Doctor of Philosophy in education degree.
Work history
While pursuing his Diploma in Education, he taught at Nyamitanga Primary School and at Nyamitanga Secondary School in Mbarara, Mbarara District, Western Region. After obtaining the diploma, he joined the Department of Botany at Makerere University as an assistant lecturer. To augment his income, he concurrently taught at Old Kampala Senior Secondary School, his alma mater, and at Bilal Islamic Institute.
When he returned to Uganda after his PhD studies in 1987, he re-joined Makerere, but this time, in the School of Education. After barely one year, he left to join eight other educators, who teamed up to start the Islamic University in Uganda in 1988. Starting out s a Lecturer at IUIU, Ssengendo rose through the ranks to become University Secretary. In 2001, he was requested to start IUIU's Kampala Campus. From 2003 to 2004, he served as Deputy Vice Chancellor for Academics. In 2004, at the age of 45, he was appointed Vice Chancellor of IUIU.
Other consideration
Ahmad Ssengendo is married to two wives. He is the father of 13 children, four daughters and nine sons. He is of the Muslim faith.
See also
List of universities in Uganda
List of university leaders in Uganda
List of business schools in Uganda
List of law schools in Uganda
Education in Uganda
References
External links
Uganda: Islamic Organisation OIC Increases Funding for Universities
It Has Been 170 Years of Islam In Uganda
Questions We Must Ask About Recent Appointments At IUIU
Living people
1959 births
Makerere University alumni
University of Kansas alumni
People from Western Region, Uganda
Ugandan Muslims
Vice-chancellors of universities in Uganda
Islamic University in Uganda academics
Glaphyria basiflavalis, the basal-dash glaphyria moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae described by William Barnes and James Halliday McDunnough in 1913. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alabama, Florida, Mississippi and Texas.
References
Moths described in 1913
Glaphyriini
Sunday Ramadhan Manara (born 23 November 1952) is a Tanzanian former footballer who played as a winger.
Career
Nicknamed 'Computer', in 1977, Manara signed for Dutch side Heracles Almelo, becoming the first Tanzanian to play in Europe. In 1979, he signed for New York Eagles in the United States. Before the second half of 1979–90, he signed for Austrian club St. Veit. After that, Manara signed for Al Nasr in the United Arab Emirates.
Personal life
He is the father of Tanzanian celebrity Haji Manara.
References
External links
1952 births
2. Liga (Austria) players
Al-Nasr SC (Dubai) players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Association football wingers
Eerste Divisie players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Heracles Almelo players
Living people
New York Eagles players
Tanzania international footballers
Tanzanian expatriate footballers
Tanzanian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Tanzanian expatriates in the United States
Tanzanian Premier League players
UAE Pro League players
Young Africans S.C. players
Tanzanian footballers
Yair Michaeli (יאיר מיכאלי; born September 13, 1944) is an Israeli former Olympic competitive sailor. During the Yom Kippur War, he served on an Israeli Navy patrol boat. He is married to Mandy Michaeli.
Sailing career
When he competed in the Olympics, he was 5-7 (171 cm) tall and weighed 150 lbs (68 kg). At an international competition in the Olympic-class Flying Dutchman dinghy in the Netherlands in April 1972, the Sdot Yam team of Michaeli and Itzhak Nir won the right to be the first Israeli sailors to participate in the Olympics.
Michaeli competed for Israel at the 1972 Summer Olympics off the coast of Kiel, 900 kilometers from Munich, Germany, at the age of 27, with Itzhak Nir in Sailing--Mixed Two Person Heavyweight Dinghy/Flying Dutchman. He and Nir did not participate in the final race of the competition, due to the Munich Massacre in which Arab terrorists from the Black September group killed 11 Israeli Olympians at Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base outside of Munich. They came in 26th.
The Israeli government then decided to withdraw from the Olympic Games, and bring their remaining Olympians home. Michaeli, Nir, and Israeli racewalker Shaul Ladany wanted to stay for the closing ceremony, to show that they were not leaving "with their tails between their legs", but they followed the orders of the government.
References
External links
the-sports bio
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Living people
Olympic sailors of Israel
Jewish sailors (sport)
1944 births
Israeli male sailors (sport)
John Drummond Solomon (12 November 1903 – 23 February 1981) was a New Zealand rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the New Zealand crew which finished fourth in the coxed four competition and was also in the eight's crew which was eliminated in the repêchage of the eight competition.
Solomon was born in Port Chalmers. He died on 23 February 1981.
References
1903 births
1981 deaths
New Zealand male rowers
Olympic rowers of New Zealand
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Emanuele Idini (born 18 December 1970 in Rome) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Italy, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics: the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He won the silver medal in the men's 4×200 m freestyle at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships, alongside Roberto Gleria, Stefano Battistelli, and Giorgio Lamberti. Four years later in Vienna, Austria he was a member of the team that claimed the bronze medal in the same event, partnering Massimiliano Rosolino, Emanuele Merisi, and Piermaria Siciliano.
References
RAI Profile
1970 births
Living people
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Italy
Swimmers from Rome
Italian male freestyle swimmers
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Swimmers at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Brand New by Tomorrow is Money Mark's seventh solo studio album, which was released on February 5, 2007. The first single was "Pick Up The Pieces", which was co-written by Jack Johnson.
Reception
Brand New by Tomorrow received a rating of 6.2 by Pitchfork. The melancholy nature of the lyrics about a failed relationship saw comparisons by some critics to Beck's 2002 album Sea Change.
In popular culture
The song "Color of Your Blues" was used in the trailer for the 2008 documentary Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father, a film about the murder of Andrew Bagby.
Track listing
"Color of Your Blues'" – 3:20
"Pick up the Pieces" – 3:25
"Summer Blue" – 3:25
"Pretend to Sleep" – 2:21
"My Loss, Your Gain" – 3:05
"Robot Friends" - 2:99
"Every Day I Die a Little" – 3:09
"Radiate Nothing" – 3:15
"Black Butterfly" – 3:32
"Nice To Me" – 2:51
"Eyes That Ring" – 3:48
"Brand New by Tomorrow" – 3:20
References
2007 albums
Money Mark albums
Brushfire Records albums
Hatipler, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 96th Regiment of Foot was a short-lived infantry regiment of the British Army which was raised during the Seven Years' War and existed from 1760-1763.
The regiment was posted to India, where the British East India Company were engaged in hostilities with the French and the Mughal emperors. After taking part in the siege of Pondicherry they were engaged in the Battle of Buxar, in which the East India Company, supported by British Army troops, defeated the combined Mughal forces in the Ganges valley during the Carnatic War. This pivotal British victory sealed the fate of Mughal domination of North India.
The regiment were disbanded in 1763 following the Treaty of Paris.
The Colonel Commandant throughout its existence was Colonel Hon. George Monson.
References
Infantry regiments of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1760
Military units and formations disestablished in 1763
Eric Boehlert (December 6, 1965 – April 4, 2022) was an American journalist, writer, and media critic. He was a senior fellow at Media Matters for America for ten years and a staff writer at both Salon and Billboard.
In 2020, Boehlert started a digital newsletter, Press Run, as a venue for his commentary. He described it as "an unfiltered, passionate, and proudly progressive critique of the political press in the age of Trump."
Early life and education
Boehlert was born on December 6, 1965, in Utica, New York. As a child, Boehlert lived with his family in Indiana before moving to Guilford, Connecticut. He had three siblings, Bart, Thom, and Cynthia. Standing in height, he played guard on his high school basketball team.
Boehlert attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he received a bachelor's degree in Middle Eastern Studies in 1988.
Career
As a music writer, Boehlert was a contributing editor to Rolling Stone and was hired as a senior staff writer at Billboard in 1992. He later became a senior writer at Salon, a news and opinion website. Writing at Billboard, Boehlert investigated corporate malfeasance in the music business. When Pearl Jam filed a complaint with the U.S. Justice Department against Ticketmaster in 1994, Boehlert wrote a series of reports, many of which were featured on the front page of Billboard.
At Salon, Boehlert won the 2002 American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers' Deems Taylor Award for music journalism for a series of articles in 2001 on the radio industry, in which he wrote about Clear Channel Communications' dominance of the radio and concert businesses. The series was also shortlisted for the Gerald Loeb Award for Distinguished Business and Financial Journalism.
In 2006, Boehlert joined Media Matters for America (MMFA), a content analysis organization. The same year, Boehlert released his book Lapdogs: How the Press Rolled Over for Bush, where he argued that the mainstream press insufficiently scrutinized the George W. Bush administration. His 2009 book, Bloggers on the Bus, covered the emergence of blogging in U.S. politics. Its title plays on the title of Timothy Crouse's The Boys on the Bus (1973) that details life on the road for reporters covering the presidential campaign during 1972.
Boehlert was a vocal critic of both Donald Trump and the media coverage surrounding him. Boehlert remained at MMFA for ten years, eventually being promoted to senior fellow, before launching his own online newsletter, Press Run, on the Substack platform in 2020. He wrote that he started the liberal newsletter because "we can't fix America if we don't fix the press", and in February 2020 he declared, "When a radical White House player is eagerly chipping away at our freedoms and the Constitution, we need the press to stand up to the unprecedented challenge at hand—a press corps that doesn't wallow in 'Both Sides' journalism as a way to escape the wrath from Republicans." In his thrice-weekly commentaries, Boehlert frequently contended that reporters for many publications, especially The New York Times, were unfairly critical of Democrats while being overly deferential toward Republicans. In his final article for Press Run, published on the day he died, he questioned coverage by journalists of the Biden administration, writing that the news media was minimizing the achievements of the president.
Personal life and death
Boehlert was married to Tracy Breslin for 29 years and they had two children. He lived in Montclair, New Jersey, where he was active in various community organizations, including the Commonwealth Club, a social club, where he played on the club's bowling team.
Boehlert was an avid cyclist and his wife said that he often biked at night, wearing reflective gear and using lights on his bicycle. While biking on the evening of April 4, 2022, he was struck and killed by an eastbound NJ Transit train that was coming into Watchung Avenue station in Montclair. Investigators said on April 11 that the safety equipment at the train station was working properly at the time of the crash. A spokesman for NJ Transit confirmed that the lights were flashing and the gates were down, saying, "The investigation indicated that safety mechanisms were working as intended at North Fullerton".
Legacy
He was memorialized by commentator Soledad O'Brien, who called him a "fierce and fearless defender of the truth", and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who praised his "critical work to counteract misinformation and media bias". Historian Heather Cox Richardson lamented the loss of his criticism of what he identified as the misguided focus of media during a crucial period in a battle between democracy and authoritarianism, both nationally and internationally.
Books
References
External links
Boehlert's blog at the Huffington Post
Boehlert's Media Matters column archive
Boehlert's Salon article archive
Press Run
1965 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American journalists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
American media critics
Cycling road incident deaths
People from Guilford, Connecticut
People from Montclair, New Jersey
Writers from Utica, New York
Road incident deaths in New Jersey
Rolling Stone people
Salon (website) people
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Railway accident deaths in the United States
A general election was held in Minneapolis on November 3, 2009. Minneapolis's mayor was up for election as well as all the seats on the City Council, the two elected seats on the Board of Estimate and Taxation, and all the seats on the Park and Recreation Board. This was the first election held in Minneapolis that used ranked choice voting, a collective term for instant-runoff voting and the single transferable vote.
Because city voters approved a city charter change by referendum in 2006 to use a ranked choice voting system, Minneapolis did not hold a primary election on September 8, the 2009 date for primaries in Minnesota.
There was a lawsuit in court to prevent the voting change; it lost by summary judgment in the first court, was appealed directly to the Minnesota Supreme Court, where it also lost. One person active in the lawsuit filed as a candidate but did not campaign; allegedly this was to give him legal standing to sue after the election.
Mayor
Incumbent Democratic–Farmer–Labor Mayor R. T. Rybak announced on January 13, 2009 that he would be running for re-election. 11 candidates were on the ballot.
Previously mentioned as possible candidates for Mayor were Bob Miller, the director of the Minneapolis Neighborhood Revitalization Program (NRP), Minneapolis City Council members Gary Schiff and Ralph Remington, Minneapolis Park Board President Tom Nordyke, former City Council president Jackie Cherryhomes, and Hennepin County Commissioner Peter McLaughlin; none of them ended up running.
City Council
All 13 seats on the Minneapolis City Council were up for election.
Board of Estimate and Taxation
The two elected members of the Board of Estimate and Taxation were up for election. Incumbent Carol Becker was re-elected in the first round with 52.1% of first-choice votes. As no other candidate achieved the threshold to be elected the second member, several rounds of vote transfers were necessary. David Wheeler was elected in the fifth round after the remaining candidates were defeated.
Members were elected citywide via the single transferable vote.
Party endorsements
Results
Park and Recreation Board
The nine members of the Park and Recreation Board were up for election. Three members were elected from one citywide, at-large district via the single transferable vote and six from single-member districts via instant-runoff voting.
Party endorsements
Results
At-large
District 1
District 2
District 3
District 4
District 5
District 6
References
2009 Minnesota elections
Local elections in Minnesota
John Turner MacGregor-Morris (1872-1959) was a professor of electrical engineering at Queen Mary University of London. His papers are held by the Queen Mary Archives.
Selected publications
Cathode Ray Oscillography. 1936. (with J.A. Henley)
Sir Ambrose Fleming and the Birth of the Valve. 1954.
References
1872 births
1959 deaths
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
English electrical engineers
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2012.
Events
3 March - Eesti otsib superstaari season 3 winner Ott Lepland is selected to represent Estonia at the 2012 Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Kuula". He is selected to be the eighteenth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eesti Laul held at the Nokia Concert Hall in Tallinn.
23 December - Rasmus Rändvee wins the fifth season of Eesti otsib superstaari.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
2000s
Eesti otsib superstaari (2007–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
See also
2012 in Estonia
Lackey Ridge () is an east–west ridge, long, that forms the western end of Buckeye Table in the Ohio Range, Horlick Mountains, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Larry L. Lackey, a geologist with the Ohio State University expedition to the Horlick Mountains in 1960–61.
See also
Thumb Promontory
References
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Hard Hats is the second studio album by Phil Beer, released in 1994, some 15–16 years after his previous solo album, Mandoline, though between those years he had worked on other albums with Paul Downes amongst other artists.
Being released around the same time as Beat about the Bush by Show of Hands, this album has a rocky edge to it, and was released on CD and cassette. Allmusic rated the album (mistakenably titled as Hard Cats) 2/5 stars but did not give a review.
Track listing
"Fireman's Song"
"Chance"
"This Far"
"Blinded by Love"
"More"
"Blind Fiddler"
"This Year"
"Hard Hats"
"She Could Laugh"
"Think It Over"
References
1994 albums
Phil Beer albums
Yokuşdibi is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Urokodia aequalis is an extinct genus of arthropod from the early Cambrian. The taxon is only known from the Maotianshan Shales of China based on some 15 specimens. Its segmentation resembles that of a millipede and it possessed head and tail shields with thorny spikes. It has some similarities to the arthropod Mollisonia that is known from both the Burgess Shale of Canada and the Kaili biota of China. Recently, the taxon has been considered a member of the order Mollisoniida, alongside Mollisonia, Thelxiope, and Corcorania, the group are suggested to be stem-chelicerates.
References
Urokodia aequalis Arthropod from Maotianshan Shales - URL retrieved September 11, 2010
Prehistoric crustaceans
Cambrian arthropods
Maotianshan shales fossils
Cambrian genus extinctions
The Fashionista Diaries was a reality show that aired on SOAPnet in the summer of 2007 as a part of SOAPnet's original programming. The show could also be seen on ABC's website and is available for download on iTunes. The show followed six assistants in the competitive world of fashion and beauty in New York City. The assistants worked all summer, culminating with New York Fashion Week, where they would also learn who would be given a full-time job.
Format
Each episode would include an evaluation of the assistants' performance by their supervisor(s) at their respective organizations. The evaluation was either individual or in a couple. All six assistants would also meet each week to "catch up" and as their respective supervisors noted in the first episode ("Big Dreams"), a camaraderie between them would be important during New York Fashion Week as they were expected to work together.
The Assistants
Bridget Helene and Nicole Amendolare worked at Seventh House PR. Nicole soon resigned and Laurie Hugill was hired to fill her position. Tina Patient and Janjay Sherman worked for Flirt! Cosmetics. While Andrew Kanakis and Rachel Jacoby began as assistants at the now-defunct Jane magazine (as one episode would chronicle), they would eventually land assistant positions at CosmoGIRL! magazine.
Jane Magazine
Brandon Holley was editor-in-chief at Jane magazine at the time that it folded. Stephanie Trong was executive editor. While they both took part in getting Andrew and Rachel acclimated at the magazine, Stephanie was their primary mentor. It has been suggested that Jane magazine opted to take part in the show hoping it would do the same thing The Hills did for Teen Vogue in terms of boosting magazine circulation.
Episodes
Episode 1: "Big Dreams"
It's the assistants first day! Bridget is anxious to get started at Seventh House PR, while Nicole is apprehensive, worrying that people will be "maybe mean." They meet director Mandie Erickson and publicist Matt Kays. Mandie quizzes the girls about fashion week and quickly establishes herself as curt when she calls Nicole out on wearing flip flops. Mandie asks the girls about their favorite designers. Bridget names Stretsis, while Nicole naively praises Juicy Couture.
Next we meet Tina and Janjay, who will report to Kathleen Pierce, VP of Communications at Flirt! Cosmetics. Tina says that she's optimistic about finding her dream job, and Janjay asserts that more things can be accomplished with fewer people. Kathleen tells the girls that she expects them to "immerse themselves in the brand" immediately.
Finally, we meet Rachel and Andrew. Rachel says that she will try to mask her "awkwardness" and Andrew tells us that he entered the fashion world to meet girls. At Jane, editor-in-chief Brandon briefs the assistants about the magazine and questions their familiarity. Andrew admits that he's only picked up an issue or two before coming and Rachel gushes about how it's her absolute favorite magazine. All of the assistants are told that they'll be working with each other during fashion week, as well as other events over the summer, and so it is important that they forge a relationship.
Rachel and Andrew are sent on their first assignment. They are told that they must be photographed naked for the "naked issue" of the magazine. Before they take off their robes, Stephanie tells them that they've been "Jane pranked" and will write the prank page for the next issue.
Janjay's first assignment is to create a trend board highlighting spring makeup looks. Tina is asked to put on makeup reflecting the spring look.
The assistants meet for the first time over drinks. When Andrew learns that Bridget is looking for a place to live in New York, he suggests that she move in with him. She accepts the offer. Later in the episode, Nicole becomes discouraged while working an event. She doubts the sincerity of the partygoers and is feels unsettled when Mandie does not acknowledge her.
Episode 2: "Where's Nicole?"
Bridget is frustrated when Nicole does not show up for work. Nicole tells her friends that she couldn't get out of bed to go to work and contemplates whether or not she's subconsciously ruining this opportunity for herself. Tina and Janjay clash at a meeting. Rachel and Andrew pitch story ideas at a meeting and must compete for a spot in the September issue. Sparks fly when Bridget and Andrew go to a party for charity.
Episode 3: "It's Not Always Glamorous!"
Episode 4: "Pick Me!"
Episode 5: "Thank God You're Here!"
Episode 6: "The Party's Over"
Episode 7: "It's a Super Saturday"
Episode 8: "What a Super Saturday!"
Episode 9: "A Game or Bust"
Episode 10: "The Survival of the Fittest"
References
2007 American television series debuts
2007 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2000s American reality television series
Fashion-themed reality television series
Charol may refer to:
Charol Shakeshaft (), educational researcher
Dorothea Charol (1889–1963), Russian-born German Art Deco sculptor
Michael Charol (1894–1970), pseudonym Michael Prawdin, Russian-German historical writer
Rey Charol (1936–1990), Uruguayan film and television actor
Kid Charol, ring name of Esteban Gallard (1901–1929), Cuban boxer
nickname of Jaime González (Colombian footballer) (1938–1985), Colombian footballer
See also
Charols, a commune in France
Joseph Inkerman Johnson was born in 1914 in Hulcote, Northamptonshire. He joined the RAF in June 1935 as an Aircrafthand (Carpenter). He was later remustered as an Airman-in training Pilot and won his wings on 11 August 1939 — three weeks before Britain declared war on Germany.
In May 1940 Sgt. Johnson was posted to 222 Squadrons. In June he claimed the 'probable' destruction of a 111 over Dunkirk. By August 1940 he had flown 25 missions. The squadron was posted to RAF Hornchurch on 29 August 1940.
The following day no. 222 Squadron was scrambled several times during the day, and at 16:00 hours to intercept a large formation of bombers in the direction of the Thames Estuary and were attacked by the escorting fighters. Flying a Spitfire Mk 1, R6628 Johnson was shot down at 18:02 by a Messerschmitt Bf 109 and crashed near Bishopsbourne, south of Canterbury in Kent. It is believed that Johnson died before the crash.
Johnson is buried in Towcester Cemetery in Northamptonshire. His grave is Row G, Grave 2 and it gives his service number — 520406. His name is included on the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne.
References
Burials in Northamptonshire
Military personnel from Northamptonshire
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
The Few
Royal Air Force airmen
English aviators
People from West Northamptonshire District
Aviators killed by being shot down
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
1940 deaths
1914 births
Agonomalus is a genus of poachers native to the Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Agonomalus jordani D. S. Jordan & Starks, 1904
Agonomalus mozinoi Wilimovsky & D. E. Wilson, 1979 (Kelp poacher)
Agonomalus proboscidalis (Valenciennes, 1858)
References
Agonidae
Taxa named by Alphonse Guichenot
Barbara Blanchard DeWolfe (May 14, 1912 – May 2, 2008) was an American ornithologist. She graduated with an undergrad in 1933 and obtained her PhD in 1939 both from UC Berkeley. She taught for several years and pioneered studies of avian life history and physiology on the white-crowned sparrow. Despite facing discrimination because she was a woman, she went on to publish over 30 works and was the 1995 recipient of the Cooper Ornithological Society's Loye and Alden Miller Research Award, which is given in recognition of lifetime achievement in ornithological research.
Early life
Barbara Blanchard DeWolfe was born on May 14, 1912 in San Francisco, California. She was the only child to her two parents, Marion and Elizabeth Blanchard. Though originally from San Francisco, DeWolfe moved to Mill Valley, California to live with her grandmother when she was ten years old. She was often sick as a child and was not able to attend school for her first two years in Mill Valley. She graduated from Tamalpais High School in 1929 and went on to study at UC Berkeley where she graduated with a bachelor's degree in zoology in 1933.
After graduation, she hoped to pursue teaching as a career. However, during the Great Depression, jobs were difficult to come by and schools wanted to hire teachers who had experience in multiple disciplines. Due to the difficulty of finding a job, DeWolfe decided to get a graduate degree and, under the advice of Joseph Grinnell, pursued her PhD.After obtaining her bachelor's degree, DeWolfe went on to get her Ph.D. in zoology at UC Berkeley in 1939.
DeWolfe was married twice. Her first marriage was to Nels Oakeson from 1950 to 1954 and her second was to Robert DeWolfe in 1960 to his death in 1977.
Career
DeWolfe took her first position in 1939 after completing her PhD at Placer Junior College in Rocklin, California. She then began teaching at UC Davis where she taught zoology. However, due to World War 2, education was suspended and she was let go. Then, in 1943 she moved to Massachusetts and began teaching at Smith College, a women's college. She did not like the culture of the East Coast and decided to move back west. In 1946, she moved back west and began teaching at the University of California, Santa Barbara. DeWolfe taught until 1977 when she became the Associate Dean of the College of Letters and Science at UC Santa Barbara and later in life donated to the UC Santa Barbara Vertebrate Museum.
Research
DeWolfe's research focused on the white-crowned sparrow. She studied living populations, rather than stuffed animals as was the previous method, in California and Alaska. She was observed variations in breeding and song to help determine differences between the races of the sparrow. She focused on three different species of the white-crowned sparrow: the Zonotrichia leucophrys pugetensis, the Z. l. nuttalli, and the Z. I. gambelii. The main difference she observed was the Z. I. pugetensis migrated while the Z. I. nuttalli did not. It was also observed that the Z. I. nuttalli showed breeding behavior for six months, went through gonadal recrudescence in December, had a slight prenatal molt, did not carry much fat, and had several local song dialects. The Z. l. pugetensis showed breeding behavior for four months, did not have breeding size gonads until after mid-April, put on large amounts of fat prior to migration, and had a small number widespread song dialects. Her later work on the Z. l. gambelii showed it was a long-distance migrating sparrow, had very different breeding distributions, and had no clear geographically structured song dialects. Her research on reproduction, song, and historical differences rather than simple physical differences led to the white-crowned sparrow being one of the most researched birds in the world. Her research led to over 30 publications and collaborations with Luis Baptista and Mary Erickson.
DeWolfe received the Loye and Alden Miller Research Award in 1995 for her groundbreaking research into the white-crowned sparrow's history.
During her research, she faced discrimination because she was a woman. Her department chair told her, "we'll never recommend you for a position for which we have a man available" and here PhD supervisor told her to focus on less difficult work like worms. She experiences many other discriminatory instances when searching for a job out of college, such as being refused for job in the National Park Service because she was a woman. In spite of this discrimination, she was successful as a woman in science and in the field of ornithology.
Late life
DeWolfe published two autobiographies that reside in the UC Santa Barbara Library, Joyous Errand (1998) and Further Recollections (1999). Over the last decade of her life, she experienced many chronic health conditions and she died of an intestinal blockage on May 2, 2008.
References
American ornithologists
Women ornithologists
1912 births
2008 deaths
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American zoologists
Cremyll School and Chapel is a former schoolroom and chapel in Cremyll, Cornwall, England. It was erected in 1867 and is now a private residence, known as the Old Schoolrooms.
History
Cremyll's schoolroom and chapel was built at the expense of the Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, William Edgcumbe in 1867. It was erected primarily for use as a school, but was also dedicated for worship. This allowed the building to serve as a chapel of ease to the parish church of St Mary and St Julian, for the convenience of the residents of Cremyll, who were about a mile from the parish church. The Bishop of Exeter, the Right Rev. Henry Phillpotts, granted the schoolroom a licence to hold divine worship on 17 July 1867.
During the building's early use as a chapel, the lack of a chancel was considered a great inconvenience, which resulted in the Earl of Mount Edgcumbe later offering to build one. Most of the cost was defrayed by the Earl, however small, voluntary contributions amounting to approximately £10 were also received from local residents. The chancel was built by workmen of the Earl's estate at the eastern end of the building, to the plans of Mr. Perkyns, the architect to the manor of East Stonehouse. The chapel reopened on 1 April 1884.
In 1902, the school was recorded as having a capacity of 55 children, with an average attendance of 42. The building's use as a school ceased in circa 1932, but its use as a mission chapel continued until circa 1971. The building is now a private residence, known as the Old Schoolrooms.
References
Churches in Cornwall
Church of England church buildings in Cornwall
Churches completed in 1867
Defunct schools in Cornwall
Pharisburg (originally known as Scotts Corners) is an unincorporated community in Leesburg Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , at the intersection of Ohio State Routes 4 and 347, about two miles west of Magnetic Springs.
Pharisburg was platted in 1848 by Allen Pharis. The community was originally called Scotts Corners, but changed its name for the Pharis family. The Pharisburg Post office was established as the Pharisburgh Post Office on April 25, 1840, but was discontinued on October 24, 1845. It was reestablished on September 7, 1848, and the name was changed to Pharisburg Post Office on March 26, 1892. The Post Office was finally discontinued on April 15, 1908. The mail service is now sent through the Marysville branch.
References
Unincorporated communities in Union County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Arthropitys is an extinct genus of calamitacean equisetale. The petrified fossils of Arthropitys bistriata, the type species, can be found at Chemnitz petrified forest, Chemnitz, Germany.
History
Petrified trunks of tree ferns, seed ferns, conifers as well as Cordaitales and different species of Calamites.
The primeval plants were repeatedly discovered from the 17th century ongoing till today and mostly at Hilbersdorf, today a district of Chemnitz. In the mid-18th century, gemstone prospector David Frenzel (1691-1772) found numerous examples of this wood in the hills in and around Chemnitz. One of his 1751 finds is one of the few petrified wood specimens still possessing its roots. Later a collector, the Hilbersdorf contractor Güldner, bequeathed some of the petrified logs to King Albert Museum in Chemnitz. The first director of the Museum, Johann Traugott Sterzel, took over the investigation of the findings. The Sterzeleanum in the museum (the petrified forest display) is dedicated to him.
References
Equisetales
Fossil taxa described in 1884
The Motorola Razr2 (often stylized as RAZR2) is a series of clamshell/flip mobile phones from Motorola, and is one of the series in the 4LTR line. It is the successor to the popular Razr series. The Razr2 is 2 mm thinner than its predecessor but slightly wider. Some versions feature Motorola's MotoMagx operational platform, based on the MontaVista Linux OS. The Razr2 was made available on every US carrier, and EVDO, GSM and HSDPA versions of it were released by late 2007.
The phone improved picture quality, speed and multimedia capabilities over the original Razr. It also featured an external screen with touch sensitive buttons which allowed users to use some of the phone features without opening the flip, and Motorola's CrystalTalk technology to improve call quality and help reduce background noise. Different color variants were released, including a Luxury Edition Razr2. It features a Micro-B USB socket for charging, data transfer or the stereo headset (S280 / syn1458B).
V8
The GSM version of the Razr2, the Razr2 V8 was released in July 2007 around the World. As of October 15, 2007, T-Mobile had offered the V8 model. It has 420 MB on board memory, but a 2 GB on board memory version was also released. It also features EDGE, a 500 MHz processor and a 2.0" QVGA external display with touch sensitive buttons which allowed users to play music through this screen without opening the phone.
The Razr2 V8 runs the MotoMagx operational platform, based on the MontaVista Linux OS rather than the previous Motorola phone OS called P2K (based on Versatile Real-Time Executive). MotoMagx's user interface was more customizable and user-friendly than Motorola's past offers.
A Luxury Edition version of this device was released in time for the 2007 holiday season featuring 18k gold-plated accents and a soft snake-skin-like back.
V9m
The Razr2 V9m was the EV-DO version of the Razr2 series. It was released through SK Telecom on June 29, 2007. Verizon Wireless released the V9m in the US on August 29, 2007 in the US, followed by Sprint, Alltel and other CDMA carriers.
Razr2 V9m features 2 Mbit/s EV-DO browsing speeds, two 65k color displays, 45 MB onboard memory with up to 2 GB microSD support. This version of the series featured Motorola's P2K operating system instead of the newer MotoMagx.
V9
The 3G version, Razr2 V9, was released on September 1, 2007 and was exclusively made available through AT&T in the US. The V9 was also released in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. It features 3.6 Mbit/s HSDPA speeds, two 262k color displays with touch sensistive buttons for media playing, 3G, a powerful 512 MHz CPU, ~50 MB on board memory, and supports up to 2 GB microSD. The processor speed was doubled (compared to the V9m), and featured Motorola's Crystaltalk. The V9 was 13.7mm thin instead of the 11.9mm the V8 and V9m featured. This was due to its more advanced capabilities and larger battery capacity.
AT&T's version of the device did not have the same external screen capabilities the International version had. By late 2008, AT&T released the improved V9x with the same external screen features the International version of the V9 came with.
A Ferrari Edition of the Razr2 V9 was released in June 2008 in Asia, Europe, and Latin America. It featured a Ferrari logo on the back of the phone, a Ferrari-branded leather case and pre-loaded Ferrari wallpapers and ringtones.
V9x
The Razr2 V9x was released in December 2008. Replacing the V9 on AT&T, the V9x adds support for AT&T's "AT&T Navigator" GPS software as well as Video Share and new external screen features. The V9x also came with an improved user interface compared to the previous V9. It has 3.6 Mbit/s HSDPA speeds, two 262k color displays, a 512 MHz CPU, ~50 MB on board memory with support of up to 8 GB microSD, video telephony and GPS technology.
The V9x was also released in Canada through Rogers Communications and Australia through Telstra.
TV commercial
The television commercial features the song "Le Disko" from the electronica band Shiny Toy Guns. Also featured are models Nikolett Barabas and Matt Mullins in a fight scene involving using the phones to slash each other's clothes (like a namesake razor).
A Razr2 commercial by Sprint for North America features several RAZR2's impaled into various objects. It then shows Eric Mangini, then head coach of the NFL's New York Jets, watching on his Razr2 highlights of a Jets game that were critical of the team's performance; he flings the phone in disgust, with the phone impaling a car.
See also
Motorola Razr
Motorola Razr3
Sony Ericsson W980
Nokia 6650-fold
Motorola v950
References
Razr2
Mobile phones introduced in 2007
Du Sautoy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carmen du Sautoy (born 1950), British actress
Marcus du Sautoy (born 1965), British mathematician
"People from Ibiza" is a song written and performed by Croatian musician Sandy Marton from his 1986 debut album Modern Lover. The song was a hit in several countries.
Track listing
Italian 7-inch single
A. "People from Ibiza (Edit A)" – 3:42
B. "People from Ibiza (Edit B)" – 4:10
Italian 12-inch single
A. "People from Ibiza" – 8:20
B1. "People from Ibiza (Instrumental)" – 6:00
B2. "People from Ibiza (Another Version of)" – 3:00
Charts
Cover versions, remixes and samplings
In 1985, Sandy Marton released a Christmas remix titled "Merry Merry Christmas And A Happy New Year".
In 1985, the song was covered by Swedish pop trio Herreys on the album Crazy People.
In 2008, the chorus portion of "People from Ibiza" was sampled by The Bootstraps in the song "Sound of Ibiza".
See also
List of number-one hits of 1984 (Italy)
References
1984 songs
1984 singles
Sandy Marton songs
Ariola Records singles
Songs written by Sandy Marton
Song recordings produced by Claudio Cecchetto
Songs about Ibiza
Number-one singles in Italy
Italo disco songs
Adriana Serra Zanetti (born 5 March 1976; ) is a retired Italian tennis player.
On 11 February 2002, she achieved her career-high singles ranking of world No. 38. On 17 June 2002, she peaked at No. 69 in the doubles rankings. In her career, she won three WTA doubles titles, as well as one singles titles ITF.
Serra Zanetti reached one Grand Slam quarterfinal in singles, at the 2002 Australian Open.
Adriana Serra Zanetti was born Modena, and her younger sister Antonella who is also a tennis player.
Adriana Serra Zanetti retired from the professional tour 2007.
WTA finals
Doubles (3–1)
ITF Finals
Singles (1–3)
Doubles (0–4)
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Italian female tennis players
Sportspeople from Modena
Clotton Hoofield is a civil parish in Cheshire West and Chester, England. It contains 17 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings, all of which are at Grade II. This grade is the lowest of the three gradings given to listed buildings and is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The parish contains the small settlements of Clotton and Hoofield, but is otherwise rural. The listed buildings are all either domestic or related to farming. They fall into two time-groups; those originating in the 16–17th centuries, and those from the 19th century. All the buildings originating before the later part of the 17th century are timber-framed, or have timber-framed cores; The later buildings are in brick.
See also
Listed buildings in Willington
Listed buildings in Utkinton and Cotebrook
Listed buildings in Tarporley
Listed buildings in Tiverton
Listed buildings in Tilstone Fearnall
Listed buildings in Huxley
Listed buildings in Duddon
Listed buildings in Burton
References
Listed buildings in Cheshire West and Chester
Lists of listed buildings in Cheshire
Deborah Hicks Quazzo is an American businesswoman. Since 2009, she has been the managing partner of GSV Advisors, a venture capital fund specializing in education and technology.
Background
Deborah Quazzo grew up in Jacksonville, FL. She graduated a BA in history from Princeton University in 1982 and an MBA from Harvard University in 1987. She is married and has three children.
GSV Advisors
Quazzo is the founder and managing partner of the GSV Ventures, whose portfolio of companies includes Andela, ClassDojo, Course Hero, Coursera, CreativeLive, Degreed, HotChalk, Hustle, MasterClass, NoRedInk, Pluralsight, RaiseMe, Remind, Turnitin, Tynker, and Voxy. The firm also co-hosts, with Arizona State University, the annual ASU+GSV Summit. The event celebrates innovations and innovators across the global "preK to Gray" learning and talent landscape.
Career and civic engagement
In 2001, Quazzo co-founded ThinkEquity Partners, an investment bank with offices across the U.S., which was acquired in 2007 by London-based Panmure Gordon & Co. She was a member of the Panmure Gordon board until she resigned from the firm. Prior to that, she was a Managing Director in Investment Banking and head of the Global Growth Group at Merrill Lynch. She began her career at J.P. Morgan & Co.
Quazzo serves on the board of Ascend Learning, Degreed, The Educational Testing Service (ETS), Lightneer, Remind, and Web.com. She is a board observer at CreativeLive, and RaiseMe, and an advisory board member of Area9 Lyceum. She is a member of the boards of The Common Ground Foundation, Harvey Mudd College, National Louis University, Steppenwolf Theater Company, the Board of Dean's Advisors at Harvard Business School, the Khan Academy Thought Leadership Council, the Board of Dean's Advisory Council at Princeton University, the Strada Institute for the Future of Work Advisory Committee, and the Honorary Board of Marwen. She is a member of the Steering Committee of the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition.
Quazzo was previously a member of the Chicago Board of Education appointed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel until resigning in 2015.
Additionally, she has previously served on the boards of a number of education organizations including America's Promise, New Schools for Chicago, Teach For America Chicago, The Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship Chicago, and KIPP: Chicago. Quazzo received the 2014 Arnold M. Berlin '46 Distinguished Service to Princeton Award from the Princeton University Club of Chicago, the 2014 Visionary of the Year Award from CFY PowerMyLearning, the 2016 LEAP Innovator in Education "Champion" Award from LEAP Innovations, the 2016 Inaugural Impact Award from Golden Apple Foundation, and the 2017 Visionary Award from the Association of American Publishers (AAP).
References
Living people
American venture capitalists
Harvard Business School alumni
Princeton University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Chicago Board of Education
is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by George Asakura and published by Kodansha. The chapters were serialized on Bessatsu Friend from October 13, 2004, to December 13, 2013, and compiled into 17 tankōbon volumes. It was published in French by Delcourt. A live action film adaptation of the same name was released on November 5, 2016. Kodansha USA have licensed the manga and will release it in a digital-only format.
Volumes
1 (March 11, 2005)
2 (October 13, 2005)
3 (April 13, 2006)
4 (October 13, 2006)
5 (February 13, 2007)
6 (July 13, 2007)
7 (December 13, 2007)
8 (August 10, 2009)
9 (January 13, 2010)
10 (June 11, 2010)
11 (November 12, 2010)
12 (May 13, 2011)
13 (July 13, 2012)
14 (November 13, 2012)
15 (May 13, 2013)
16 (November 13, 2013)
17 (February 13, 2014)
Reception
Volume 8 reached the 4th place on the Oricon weekly manga charts, selling 32,037 copies as of August 16, 2009; volume 9 reached the 23rd place, selling 29,902 copies as of January 17, 2010; volume 12 also reached the 23rd place, with 18,588 copies sold as of May 15, 2011; volume 14 reached the 22nd place, with 27,609 copies sold as of November 18, 2012; volume 15 reached the 40th place, selling 30,738 copies as of May 18, 2013; volume 16 reached the 25th place, selling 23,898 copies as of November 17, 2013; volume 17 reached the 18th place, selling 22,092 copies as of February 16, 2014.
References
External links
Romance anime and manga
Slice of life anime and manga
Manga adapted into films
Kodansha manga
Shōjo manga
2012 manga
2013 comics endings
Richiardi Jr. (often billed just as Richiardi, and sometimes as Aldo Richiardi), was the stage name of magician Aldo Izquierdo (24 November 1923 – 6 September 1985), who became famous for dramatic and gory stage presentations of classic stage illusions.
Richiardi was the son of another professional magician, Ricardo Richiardi (1895–1937), who used the stage name Richiardi the Great; his grandfather, who also used the name Richiardi, had been a stage magician as well. He was Peruvian (although sometimes wrongly described as Brazilian or Argentinian).
Richiardi Jr made his name with a series of stage shows featuring versions of established illusions such as sawing through a woman. What made his shows distinctive was that he used fake blood and other techniques to give the impression that he really was cutting or maiming his assistants. In 1949, Time magazine noted that these shock tactics had made his act one of the top earning stage shows in New York. He continued performing in that city throughout his career, with shows such as The Incredible World Of Magic & Illusion, which ran at The Village Gate in New York in 1978. Richiardi performed the floating "kiddie car" a variation of a well known suspension effect on The Ed Sullivan show which, years later, was used in Doug Henning's successful New York show Doug Henning & His World of Magic.
Richiardi made many television appearances, including 24 on The Ed Sullivan Show, the most appearances by any magician on that landmark series. In the 1970s he also starred in his own television show Chamber of Horrors, which was introduced by Vincent Price.
On 8 June 2007, Criss Angel stated on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson that Richiardi was one of his greatest influences.
References
Further reading
External links
www.richiardijr.com – Photos and video of Richiardi Jr. Currently the same site as Portal de la Magia Peruana
Biography in German
Recollections of Richiardi by Lou Lancaster
Union Peruana de Ilusionistas Peruvian magicians' organisation – includes references to Richiardi.
Peruvian magicians
1923 births
1985 deaths
Peruvian expatriates in the United States
Sir Joseph Wesley Flavelle, 1st Baronet (February 15, 1858 – March 7, 1939) was a Canadian businessman.
Life and career
Joseph Wesley Flavelle was born on February 15, 1858, in Peterbough, Canada West, to John and Dorothea (Dundas) Flavelle. He married Clara Ellsworth in 1882. By the 1890s, Flavelle had made his fortune in the meatpacking business as president of William Davies Company, which was the British Empire's largest pork packing firm. He subsequently became prominent in finance and commerce as chairman of the Bank of Commerce, National Trust and Simpson's department stores.
Flavelle was chairman of the Imperial Munitions Board during World War I, and it was for reorganizing the industry that he was awarded a baronetcy in 1917. His was the last British hereditary title to be granted in the normal course to a Canadian citizen, due to the passage of the Nickle Resolution in 1919.
Flavelle died on March 7, 1939, in Palm Beach, Florida. He left his Queen's Park mansion (Holwood House at 78 Queens Park Crescent) to the University of Toronto. It is now called Flavelle House and forms part of the university's Faculty of Law. He was succeeded in the Flavelle baronetcy by his son, Ellsworth.
References
Bibliography
Sir Joseph Wesley Flavelle at The Canadian Encyclopedia
External links
Sir Joseph Flavelle fonds at Queen's University Archives
1858 births
1939 deaths
19th-century Canadian businesspeople
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Canadian baronets
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
Canadian food industry businesspeople
Leanita McClain (1951–1984) was an American journalist and commentator, best known for her observations of race and politics in Chicago and the U.S. in the early 1980s. Her writings in the Chicago Tribune and in opinion pieces published in Newsweek gave broad exposure to her thoughts on race and class in the United States. Her work addressed both local topics, such as the election of Harold Washington as mayor in 1983, as well as topics of more national interest, including the challenges facing the growing black middle class.
Life and career
McClain was born in Chicago in 1951, and grew up in the Ida B. Wells housing projects. She graduated from Chicago State University and the Medill School of Journalism. Upon graduating, McClain joined the staff of the Chicago Tribune in 1973 and the editorial board in 1983. In fact, McClain was the first African American to serve on the Chicago Tribune's editorial board, and the youngest, at age 32. In 1984, Glamour magazine named McClain one of the top 10 career women in the USA. She was married briefly to fellow journalist Clarence Page.
A posthumous collection of her essays, edited by Clarence Page, was published in 1986. One reviewer wrote:
McClain suffered from depression through much of her life, and died by suicide in Chicago in 1984.
References
1984 deaths
1951 births
Writers from Chicago
Chicago State University alumni
Medill School of Journalism alumni
20th-century American writers
20th-century American journalists
1984 suicides
Herman Nathaniel Eisen (October 15, 1918 – November 2, 2014) was an American immunologist and cancer researcher. He served on the faculty at New York University School of Medicine in the early 1950s, became the Chief of Dermatology at the Washington University School of Medicine in 1955, and was a founding member of the MIT Center for Cancer Research (now called the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research). Eisen retired and assumed professor emeritus status in 1989, but continued to be active as a researcher; he was working on a manuscript the day he died in 2014.
Early life and education
Eisen was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1918, one of four children of Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe. His undergraduate studies at New York University began in 1934 but were interrupted by a case of tuberculosis, which required him to withdraw from school for a year; he later recalled this as a key event in his life inspiring him to focus on intellectual activities. After graduation in 1939, he began as a medical student at NYU and received his Doctor of Medicine degree in 1943. He worked briefly as an assistant in pathology at Columbia University, where he was first exposed to immunology research by Michael Heidelberger. He then returned to NYU again for his residency. Eisen was one of the first recipients of a new form of National Institutes of Health fellowship for physician-scientists, which supported further work at NYU with Fred Karush studying antibodies. Eisen next moved to Sloan-Kettering to work with David Pressman and left after a year to return to NYU as a faculty member.
Academic career
Eisen's first faculty position was at NYU in the then-new Department of Industrial Medicine, where he was funded to work part-time as a researcher and invest the remainder of his time in clinical practice. He found this combination unsustainable and therefore was receptive when approached by Barry Wood to recruit him to Washington University School of Medicine as the Chief of Dermatology there. Eisen moved to Washington University in 1955 and spent five years in the position before moving to the department of microbiology and serving as its chair. Following the National Cancer Act of 1971, Salvador Luria recruited Eisen to become one of the founding members of MIT's new Center for Cancer Research, where Eisen would spend the rest of his career. Eisen officially retired in 1989, assuming professor emeritus status, but remained active in research and in mentoring younger scientists in the MIT community. During this time he worked with a number of MIT colleagues on their ongoing projects, including Jianzhu Chen and Arup Chakraborty.
Eisen was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965, a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1969, and a member of the Institute of Medicine in 1974. He served as the president of the American Association of Immunologists in 1968–69 and received the organization's Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997.
Research
Eisen's research is regarded as foundational in the field of immunology. After his death, he was remembered as "the last of the great immunochemists". He is particularly well known for his studies of affinity maturation of antibodies beginning in the late 1950s while he was at Washington University. Much of this work was conducted with postdoctoral fellow Lisa Steiner, who went on to become the first woman in the MIT Department of Biology. In the 1980s Eisen changed research interests from a focus on antibodies to a focus on T cells and cell-mediated immunity.
Personal life
Eisen's wife Natalie was also a physician and practiced as a pediatrician in New York, served as assistant director of Bellevue Hospital in St. Louis, and then practiced at the Harvard Street Neighborhood Health Center in Boston. The couple had five children. Eisen remained an active research scientist for many years following his official retirement and was working on a manuscript related to antibody affinity the day he died in 2014.
References
External links
2007 interview with Herman Eisen from the MIT Conversations with Scientists series
2012 interview with Herman Eisen from the American Association of Immunologists (Transcript)
American immunologists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
New York University alumni
1918 births
2014 deaths
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Luca Luzardi (born 18 February 1970) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Luzardi was born in Manerbio. After playing for several Italian clubs, such as Brescia, Prato, Lazio, and Napoli in 1996, Luzardi joined Tottenham Hotspur on a six-week trial from Brescia, but was only allowed to play in friendly matches. Gerry Francis, the Spurs manager at the time, ultimately decided not to meet his £600,000 valuation, and Luzardi returned to Italy.
International career
At international level, Luzardi was a member of the Italy national under-21 football team that won the 1992 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship; he also represented Italy at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Honours
International
Italy U-21
1992 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship winner.
References
1970 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
Brescia Calcio players
A.C. Prato players
S.S. Lazio players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Pol. Monterotondo Lupa players
The 2016 Lamborghini Super Trofeo season is the eighth season of the European Super Trofeo, the fourth season of the North American Super Trofeo and the fifth season of the Asian Super Trofeo. Every championship features six double-header rounds, with each race lasting for a duration of 50 minutes. 2016 marks the 2nd season of the Huracán LP620-2 Super Trofeo.
Super Trofeo Europe
Calendar
Entries
Results summary
Super Trofeo North America
Calendar
Entries
Results summary
Super Trofeo Asia
Calendar
Entries
Results summary
References
External links
2016 in motorsport
Lamborghini Super Trofeo seasons
Negligible senescence is a term coined by biogerontologist Caleb Finch to denote organisms that do not exhibit evidence of biological aging (senescence), such as measurable reductions in their reproductive capability, measurable functional decline, or rising death rates with age. There are many species where scientists have seen no increase in mortality after maturity. This may mean that the lifespan of the organism is so long that researchers' subjects have not yet lived up to the time when a measure of the species' longevity can be made. Turtles, for example, were once thought to lack senescence, but more extensive observations have found evidence of decreasing fitness with age.
Study of negligibly senescent animals may provide clues that lead to better understanding of the aging process and influence theories of aging. The phenomenon of negligible senescence in some animals is a traditional argument for attempting to achieve similar negligible senescence in humans by technological means.
There are also organisms that exhibit negative senescence, whereby mortality chronologically decreases as the organism ages, for all or part of the life cycle, in disagreement with the Gompertz–Makeham law of mortality (see also Late-life mortality deceleration). Furthermore, there are species that have been observed to regress to a larval state and regrow into adults multiple times, such as Turritopsis dohrnii.
Studies have indicated a connection between phenomena related to negligible senescence and the dynamic stability of an organism's underlying regulatory network over its lifetime. Depending on the parameters of metabolism and the connectivity of the network, on one hand, and the genetic and expressome error elimination rates (repair efficiency), on the other, organisms may function in such a way that damage is either effectively eliminated and kept under control at all times, or the amount of damage is getting exponentially amplified. The two limiting cases may correspond to the distinct regimes of non-aging and "normal" aging, respectively. The boundary between the aging regimes corresponds to the phase transition line, whereas most regulatory networks of living species operate at the stability-instability boundary. If the relation between aging and criticality in genetic regulatory networks and the corresponding explanation behind the negligible senescence is confirmed by further research, it may explain how weak genetic perturbation can produce switching between normal (Gompertzian) aging and negligibly senescent regimes on evolutional time scales.
In vertebrates
Some fish, such as some varieties of sturgeon and rougheye rockfish, and some tortoises and turtles are thought to be negligibly senescent, although recent research on turtles has uncovered evidence of senescence in the wild. The age of a captured fish specimen can be measured by examining growth patterns similar to tree rings on the otoliths (parts of motion-sensing organs).
In 2018, naked mole-rats were identified as the first mammal to defy the Gompertz–Makeham law of mortality, and achieve negligible senescence. It has been speculated, however, that this may be simply a "time-stretching" effect primarily due to their very slow (and cold-blooded and hypoxic) metabolism.
In plants
In plants, aspen trees are one example of biological immortality. Each individual tree can live for 40–150 years above ground, but the root system of the clonal colony is long-lived. In some cases, this is for thousands of years, sending up new trunks as the older trunks die off above ground. One such colony in Utah, given the nickname of "Pando", is estimated to be 80,000 years old, making it possibly the oldest living colony of aspens.
The world's oldest known living non-clonal organism was the Methuselah tree of the species Pinus longaeva, the bristlecone pine, growing high in the White Mountains of Inyo County in eastern California, aged years. This record was superseded in 2012 by another Great Basin bristlecone pine located in the same region as Methuselah, and was estimated to be 5,062 years old. The tree was sampled by Edmund Schulman and dated by Tom Harlan.
Ginkgo trees in China resist aging by extensive gene expression associated with adaptable defense mechanisms that collectively contribute to longevity.
In bacteria
Among bacteria, individual organisms are vulnerable and can easily die, but on the level of the colony, bacteria can live indefinitely. The two daughter bacteria resulting from cell division of a parent bacterium can be regarded as unique individuals or as members of a biologically "immortal" colony. The two daughter cells can be regarded as "rejuvenated" copies of the parent cell because damaged macromolecules have been split between the two cells and diluted. See asexual reproduction.
Maximum life span
Some examples of maximum observed life span of animals thought to be negligibly senescent are:
Cryptobiosis
Some rare organisms, such as tardigrades, usually have short lifespans, but are able to survive for thousands of years—and, perhaps, indefinitely—if they enter into the state of cryptobiosis, whereby their metabolism is reversibly suspended.
See also
Biological immortality
DNA damage theory of aging
Indefinite lifespan
Maximum lifespan
Strategies for engineered negligible senescence
Societal effects of negligible senescence
References
Senescence
Biological evolution
Immortality
Grzymalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately north-east of Miłkowice, north-west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Grzymalin
The Derailers are an American country music band based in Austin, Texas. They were founded by Portland, Oregon, natives Tony Villanueva and Brian Hofeldt in 1994.
History
The Derailers' first LP, Live Tracks, was issued in 1995. It was the first release of the Austin-based independent label Freedom Records. Shortly after the release, The Derailers became one of the most talked about acts at Austin's 1995 South by Southwest music festival, and the record became profitable within two months. This occurred at a time when “Americana” radio stations were starting to multiply and various forms of non-mainstream country music were coming together under such rubrics as Americana and alternative-country. The Derailers became a major part of that movement, representing the "traditional honky-tonk" end of the subgenre.
With its fan base growing, the band signed with the more established Austin independent label Watermelon Records for their second release, Jackpot (1996), and then moved to Sire Records for their third release, Reverb Deluxe (1997). Aggressive touring across the U.S. and airplay on Americana radio stations grew a steadily increasing fan base and The Derailers came to be seen as an act poised for breakout success in mainstream country, and were even hailed as “the future of country music” in the Austin press. They signed with Curb Records for their first major-label release, Full Western Dress, in 1999, which would reach No. 69 on the Billboard Country chart. A single from this album, "The Right Place", appeared on the Billboard single charts at No. 71 and the video became one of the 50 most requested of the year 2000 on Country Music Television.
Seeking greater mainstream success, The Derailers switched to Sony's Lucky Dog Records for their next release, Here Come the Derailers, and were paired with Nashville A-list producer Kyle Lehning. This album had the unfortunate release date of September 11, 2001, and was largely overlooked by mainstream radio stations that began emphasizing patriotic songs. A profile of the band on National Public Radio's Morning Edition in 2002 did help push the album just into the top 50 on the Billboard country charts. The follow-up release for Lucky Dog, Genuine (2003), did slightly better, cresting at No. 44. But soon after that, founding member and primary vocalist Tony Villanueva announced he was leaving the band to spend more time with his family and become a church pastor.
Since Villanueva's departure, The Derailers have shuffled their lineup, with Brian Hofeldt taking on the role of primary frontman. With these changes they have moved back to the independent world, releasing two albums on the Palo Duro label, Soldiers of Love (2007) and Under the Influence of Buck (2007), a tribute album to one of their heroes, Buck Owens. While their new music is being once again embraced by Americana stations, it appears that The Derailers may have passed their high watermark in terms of success in the mainstream of country music.
Buck Owens and the Buckaroos has been one of the primary influences on the Derailers' music from the beginning. Owens himself performed with the band on one track of Full Western Dress, "Play Me the Waltz of the Angels", and also selected the band to play at his 70th birthday party in 1999.
In addition to Buck Owens and the Buckaroos, The Derailers' music also reflects influences from 1960s pop-rock acts such as The Beatles, Roy Orbison and The Beach Boys. On their 2007 CD, Under The Influence Of Buck, they dedicated the CD to Buck Owens and Buckaroo frontmen Don Rich and Doyle Holly.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
Other appearances
A band called "the Derailers" appears in the short story "Willa" by Stephen King. Tony Villanueva is mentioned by name. The two protagonists see them play at a roadside bar called "26". The short story was first published in the December 2006 issue of Playboy and can be found in the collection Just After Sunset, Scribner (2008).
References
1994 establishments in Texas
American alternative country groups
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical groups from Austin, Texas
The World Association of Investment Promotion Agencies (WAIPA) is an international Non-governmental organization established in 1995 by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development that acts as a forum for investment promotion agencies (IPA), provides networking and promotes best practice in investment promotion.
The objectives of WAIPA, as reflected in the Association's Statutes, are to:
Promote and develop understanding and cooperation amongst IPAs;
Strengthen information gathering systems, promote the efficient use of information and facilitate access to data sources;
Share country and regional experiences in attracting foreign investment and enhancing outward investments;
Assist IPAs to advocate the promotion of policies, within their government, which are beneficial to increasing foreign direct investment and promoting economic development;
Facilitate access to technical assistance and promote training of IPAs.
The Secretariat has been based in Geneva, Switzerland since 1995. Since 2015 its headquarters are established in Istanbul, Turkey, from where Waipa serves its 170+ members in 130 countries.
See also
Investment promotion agency
References
External links
Organizations established in 1995
Organisations based in Geneva
Amber Holland (born July 10, 1974) is a Canadian curler from Loreburn, Saskatchewan. Holland skipped Saskatchewan's team to a national women's championship in 2011 by defeating defending champion Jennifer Jones in the Scotties Tournament of Hearts and won a silver medal at the 2011 Capital One World Women's Curling Championship. She also won a national championship at the junior level in 1992, and captured a silver medal at the World Junior Curling Championships in 1993 after losing in the final.
Curling career
1992–2010
Holland's first experience curling at the national level came at the 1992 Canadian Junior Curling Championships in Vernon, British Columbia, where she skipped her Saskatchewan team to a national championship. Her teammates at the event included Angela Street, Tracy Beach and Cindy Street. Holland and her rink represented Canada at the 1993 World Junior Curling Championships, where they captured the silver medal.
After beginning play on the women's circuit after her junior career was finished in 1993, Holland did not have immediate success. She has played in Saskatchewan's provincial playdowns ten times, but did not appear at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts until 1999, when she served as an alternate for her former junior teammate Cindy Street. She also served as an alternate for Tracy Streifel's team at the 2006 event. Holland competed in Canada's Olympic curling trials in 2001 and 2005. She skipped her own entry in 2001, and played as an alternate with Sherry Anderson's rink in 2005.
Holland's 2011 championship rink of third Kim Schneider, second (and Kim's sister) Tammy Schneider and lead Heather Kalenchuk got together in 2005. In 2008 they won the World Curling Tour Players' Championships. The team was coached by Merv Fonger and the alternate was Jolene Campbell.
2010–2012
On January 10, 2010, Holland advanced to her first Scotties Tournament of Hearts as a skip by defeating Sherry Anderson 9-6 in the final of the Saskatchewan championship in Eston. Skipping team Saskatchewan, Holland's rink finished the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts with a 6-5 record, out of the playoffs. Holland captured the Ford Hot Shot skills competition at the 2010 tournament, defeating Ontario lead Kari MacLean to win a two-year lease on a 2010 Ford Taurus.
Holland and her rink again represented Saskatchewan at the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. They started the round robin portion of the tournament with an eight-game winning streak, and finished in first place overall. Holland played defending champion Jennifer Jones in the final. The final was tied at seven heading into the final end. Holland stole a single point to win after Jones missed her final shot. After the tournament, Holland was awarded the Sandra Schmirler Most Valuable Player Award. Sandra Schmirler skipped the last team from Saskatchewan that won the national championship in 1997. At the 2012 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Holland and her team would have a difficult time, finishing round robin with a 6-5 record. They would not make the playoffs, marking the first time since 2008 Team Canada would not be in the playoffs.
After seven years of playing with her Canadian Championship winning team, Holland announced that she would leave her squad (Kim Schneider, Tammy Schneider, Heather Kalenchuk). Holland told her team she wanted to go in another direction. Kalenchuk decided to step away from the game for a few years. Kim Schneider moved to play with Deanna Doig, and Tammy Schneider did not curl competitively during the 2012-13 season. This split left the four players ineligible for $72,000 worth of federal funding earned from winning the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, and they will forfeit their spot earned in the 2013 Olympic Curling Pre-Trials.
2012–2014
For the 2012/2013 curling season, Holland formed a new team consisting of longtime alternate Jolene Campbell at third, Brooklyn Lemon at second, and Dailene Sivertson, who previously played for Kelly Scott, at lead. Holland's new lineup finished 3rd at the 2013 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts and did not advance to the final 8 in any of the 4 Grand Slam events entered. Their best World Curling Tour event was 3rd place at the 2013 Pomeroy Inn & Suites Prairie Showdown. Following the season, the team made a minor lineup change, with Lemon and Sivertson switching places.
In the 2013–14 curling season, the team played in the 2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Pre-Trials, where they lost all three of their matches. They played in three slams in the season, missing the playoffs in all three events. At the 2014 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Holland led her rink to a 3–2 round robin record, but lost in their second tiebreaker match.
2014–2015
Holland began the 2014–15 curling season with a new lineup of Cathy Overton-Clapham, Sasha Carter and Chelsey Matson. The team played in three Slams that year, making it to the semifinals at the 2014 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic.
2017–2020
Holland did not return to competitive curling until 2017, with a new team consisting of Sherri Singler, Laura Strong and Debbie Lozinski. In their first season together, the team played in the 2018 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, going 2–6. In 2018, the team added Cindy Ricci at third, replacing Singler. The team fared much better at the 2019 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, going 5–3 in the round robin, before losing in the 3 vs. 4 game to Kristen Streifel. In the 2019–20 curling season, the team played in two Slams. At the 2020 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the team were knocked out in the C event after winning just two games.
2020–present
In 2020, Kim Schneider re-joined the Holland rink at third, and Karlee Korchinski replaced Strong at second. There were no provincials in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, however Holland was invited to join the Saskatchewan team at the 2021 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. The team, which was skipped by Sherry Anderson finished with a 6–6 record. The following year, Team Holland won the 2021 DeKalb Superspiel. At the 2022 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the team made the playoffs, where they won the C1 vs C2 game before losing in the semifinal to the eventual winner, Penny Barker. The Barker rink invited Holland to be the team's alternate at the 2022 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, where they finished with a 4–4 record. At the end of the season, Team Holland played in the 2022 Champions Cup, where they failed to make the playoffs.
Teams
Personal life
Holland started curling when she was 11. She served as the technical director for the Saskatchewan Curling Association from 1997 to 2009. In 2009, she was appointed executive director of the organization. She currently works as an administration and marketing manager for Harbor Golf Club.
Grand Slam record
Former events
References
External links
Team Website
Official Twitter Page
1974 births
Canadian women curlers
Canadian women's curling champions
Living people
Curlers from Saskatchewan
Sportspeople from Yorkton
Canada Cup (curling) participants
Francesco Falabella (1599–1670) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Santa Severina (1660–1670).
Biography
Francesco Falabella was born in Lagoni Policastro, Italy in 1599.
On 5 April 1660, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Archbishop of Santa Severina.
On 11 April 1660, he was consecrated bishop Marcello Santacroce, Bishop of Tivoli, with Giuseppe Ciantes, Bishop Emeritus of Marsico Nuovo, and Giovanni Agostino Marliani, Bishop Emeritus of Accia and Mariana, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Archbishop of Santa Severina until his death in June 1670.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
1599 births
1670 deaths
From a Bird's Eye View is a 1970 ATV and ITC Entertainment co-produced sitcom. In the United States it aired on NBC, which had originally ordered the series as an entry in the 1969–70 TV season but pushed it back to the 1970–71 season as a mid-season replacement.
The series followed two International Airlines stewardesses, a scatterbrained Briton and a savvy American, as they flew the London-European routes. The series ran for 16 25-minute colour episodes.
The series was not a big success in either the UK or the US, but ITC re-used the format (and the writers and crew) for the Shirley MacLaine series Shirley's World. That show also flopped, but ran for one more episode than From a Bird's Eye View.
Production notes
Sir Lew Grade wanted to make a comedy film series that would appeal on both sides of the Atlantic starring Millicent Martin. He sent six comedy sketches of Martin to producer Sheldon Leonard and he came up with the premise of From a Bird's Eye View (although two other titles were being considered, Meet Millie and Up She Goes).
Leonard cast Patte Finley from 160 girls he interviewed over a seven-month period when he responded to her personality and that at 5'3" she would not dwarf Martin's 5'1".
Martin and Finley both underwent an official training course at the B.E.A. training centre in stewardess's duties including meal presentation, bar service, address system and survival drill.
Cast and characters
Millicent Martin as Millie Grover
Patte Finley as Maggie Ralston
Peter Jones as Clive Beauchamp
Robert Cawdron as Uncle Bert Quigley
Noel Hood as Ms. Fosdyke (Mr Beauchamp's secretary)
Episode list
Filmed on location and at Pinewood Studios England.
Airdate and order is for ITV on the Network DVD.
DVD
Network released the series on DVD with an image gallery and promotional PDF file July 2008.
References
External links
CTA information
TV.com
ITV sitcoms
Television series by ITC Entertainment
Television series produced at Pinewood Studios
1970 British television series debuts
1971 British television series endings
1970s British sitcoms
NBC original programming
English-language television shows
Aviation television series
Nikola Hofmanova (born 3 February 1991, as Nikola Hofmanová) is an Austrian former professional tennis player.
Hofmanova was born in Chomutov, Czechoslovakia. She won three singles and two doubles titles on the ITF Circuit in her career. On 12 April 2010, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 161. On 18 July 2011, she peaked at No. 223 in the doubles rankings.
As a junior, Hofmanova was ranked as high as world No. 4. She won the Orange Bowl Tennis Championships in 2006.
Between 2006 and 2009, she played four rubbers for the Austria Fed Cup team.
In August 2015, Hofmanova played her last match on the pro circuit.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 8 (3 titles, 5 runner-ups)
Doubles: 8 (2 titles, 6 runner-ups)
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chomutov
People from Eisenstadt-Umgebung District
Austrian female tennis players
Austrian people of Czech descent
Sportspeople from Burgenland
Czech emigrants to Austria
My Blue Heaven is a 1950 American drama musical film directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable and Dan Dailey.
Plot
Kitty Moran (Betty Grable), a radio star, finds out she is pregnant. After she miscarries, Kitty and her husband Jack (Dan Dailey) move their show to television, and become determined to adopt a baby.
Cast
Betty Grable as Kitty Moran
Dan Dailey as Jack Moran
David Wayne as Walter Pringle
Jane Wyatt as Janet Pringle
Mitzi Gaynor as Gloria Adams
Una Merkel as Miss Irma Gilbert
Louise Beavers as Selma
Laura Pierpont as Mrs. Johnston
Elinor Donahue as Mary – Bratty Autograph Seeker
Phyllis Coates as Party Girl
Mae Marsh as Maid
Minerva Urecal as Mrs. Bates aka Old Mule Face
Suzanne Ridgeway as Audience Member / Passerby on Street
Barbara Pepper as Susan, Waitress
Background
My Blue Heaven was the third film that Grable and Dailey made together, the first two being Mother Wore Tights in 1947 and When My Baby Smiles at Me in 1948. They later co-starred in a fourth, Call Me Mister (1951).
My Blue Heaven marked the film debut of musical star Mitzi Gaynor.
Grable was reluctant to make the film. She only agreed to do it if Lamar Trotti rewrote the script and Henry Koster replaced Claude Binyon as director.
Radio adaptation
My Blue Heaven was presented on Lux Radio Theatre February 25, 1952. The one-hour adaptation featured Grable and Dailey in their roles from the film.
Notes
Jane Wyatt and Elinor Donahue later starred in the TV show Father Knows Best (1954–1960).
References
External links
1950 films
1950s musical drama films
20th Century Fox films
American musical drama films
1950s English-language films
Films about adoption
Films about entertainers
Films about television
Films directed by Henry Koster
Films produced by Sol C. Siegel
1950 drama films
1950s American films
Marco Tabai (born 18 November 1961) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1988 Tour de France.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Brescia
Ruslan Abuevich Akhtakhanov (; 1953 – 16 November 2011) was a Chechen poet and academic.
Early life
Akhtakhanov was born in Znamenskoye, Chechen Republic.
Career and views
Akhtakhanov was a professor and vice-rector at the Modern Humanitarian Academy in Moscow and a poet. He was an outspoken opponent of Chechen separatism and a supporter of Chechnya's president Ramzan Kadyrov.
He was a member of the Russian Union of Writers.
Death and burial
Akhtakhanov was shot and killed in Moscow in 2011 by an unknown assailant. He was 58. His body was buried in his hometown, Znamenskoye, on 17 November 2011.
References
1950s births
2011 deaths
Chechen poets
Academics from Moscow
Assassinated Chechen people
People murdered in Russia
Deaths by firearm in Russia
20th-century Russian poets
1953 births
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1931–32 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1931–32
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Södra 1931–32
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Johnson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,540. The county seat is Clarksville. Johnson County is Arkansas's 30th county, formed on November 16, 1833, from a portion of Pope County and named for Benjamin Johnson, a Territorial Judge. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
The Ada Mills Bridge links the Arkansas River between Johnson and Logan counties. It is named for Ada Mills, a former Republican political activist who lobbied for the structure for forty years before its completion.
The notorious bandit Bill Doolin, the founder of the Wild Bunch, was born in Johnson County in 1858 and shot to death on capture in Oklahoma in 1896.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.4%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 40
U.S. Route 64
Arkansas Highway 21
Arkansas Highway 103
Arkansas Highway 109
Arkansas Highway 123
Adjacent counties
Newton County (north)
Pope County (east)
Logan County (south)
Franklin County (west)
Madison County (northwest)
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 22,781 people, 8,738 households, and 6,238 families residing in the county. The population density was 34 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 9,926 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.69% White, 1.37% Black or African American, 0.62% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 2.62% from other races, and 1.43% from two or more races. 6.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,738 households, out of which 32.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.10% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.60% were non-families. 24.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 27.60% from 25 to 44, 22.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 99.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,910, and the median income for a family was $33,630. Males had a median income of $25,779 versus $19,924 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,097. About 12.90% of families and 16.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.60% of those under age 18 and 15.30% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 25,749 people, 9,682 households, and 6,650 families residing in the county.
Racial composition
Government
Politics
Over the past few election cycles Johnson County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat to carry this county was Arkansas native Bill Clinton in 1996.
Cities
Clarksville (county seat)
Coal Hill
Hartman
Knoxville
Lamar
Census-designated places
Hagarville
Oark
Ozone
Other unincorporated communities
Gillian Settlement
Harmony
Hickeytown
Pittsburg
Townships
Batson
Dickerson-Hill
Grant (Coal Hill)
Hickey
Horsehead
Howell (most of Knoxville)
Lee
Low Gap
McKennon
Mulberry
Perry (CDP Hagarville)
Pittsburg (most of Lamar, small part of Knoxville)
Prairie (small part of Clarksville)
Red Lick
Sherman
Spadra (most of Clarksville, small part of Lamar)
Stonewall
Ward (Hartman)
See also
List of lakes in Johnson County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Arkansas
References
1833 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1833
is a Japanese biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Japanese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Japan
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Hokkaido
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Vitaya is a former women's magazine published in Belgium which was founded in 2001. The magazine was owned by De Persgroep. In February 2017, Vitaya was merged with another Persgroep title, Goed Gevoel.
History and profile
The magazine was started in 2001 with the name evita. The first issue appeared on 9 May 2001. The magazine was acquired by Flemish TV network Vitaya in 2008 and it was renamed Vitaya the same year. Later it was sold to Sanoma Media Belgium NV and moved its headquarters from Brussels to Mechelen. Sanoma merged its women's magazine Fit & Gezond, launched in 1992, with Vitaya. In May 2015, De Persgroep, which already owned the TV network by the same name, acquired the magazine. In February 2017, the company merged Vitaya magazine with another of its titles, Goed Gevoel.
Vitaya was published on a monthly basis. The magazine covered topics for women including fashion, lifestyle, cooking, nutrition and health.
See also
List of magazines in Belgium
References
External links
Official website
2001 establishments in Belgium
2017 disestablishments in Belgium
Defunct magazines published in Belgium
Dutch-language magazines
Lifestyle magazines
Magazines established in 2001
Magazines disestablished in 2017
Magazines published in Brussels
Magazines published in Flanders
Mass media in Mechelen
Monthly magazines published in Belgium
Women's magazines published in Belgium
The Dallas Stars are an American professional ice hockey team based in Dallas. They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team joined the NHL in 1967 as an expansion team as the Minnesota North Stars, but moved to Dallas in 1993. The Stars won their first Stanley Cup championship in 1999. Having first played at the Reunion Arena, the Stars have played their home games at the American Airlines Center since 2001. The most recent head coach was Rick Bowness who served from the 2019–20 season until the end of the 2021–22 season.
There have been eight head coaches for the Stars' team. The team's first head coach was Bob Gainey, who coached for four seasons. In the middle of the 1995–96 season, Gainey, who was then also the general manager for the Stars, fired himself as head coach and hired Ken Hitchcock to take over. Hitchcock is the team's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (585), the most regular-season game wins (319), the most regular-season points (718), the most playoff games coached (80), and the most playoff-game wins (47). Hitchcock is the only Stars coach to have won the Presidents' Trophy, winning it in 1997–98 and 1998–99, the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl, winning it in 1998–99 and 1999–2000, and the Stanley Cup, winning it in the 1999 Stanley Cup Finals against the Buffalo Sabres. Hitchcock returned for one more season with the Stars in 2017–18. None of the Stars coaches have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the 2021–22 season.
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Stars. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Before the 2005–06 season, the NHL instituted a penalty shootout for regular season games that remained tied after a five-minute overtime period, which prevented ties.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NHL season.
References
General
Specific
head coaches
Dallas Stars head coaches
Charles Cavendish Fulke Greville (2 April 1794 – 17 January 1865) was an English diarist and an amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1819 to 1827. His father Charles Greville was a second cousin of the 1st Earl of Warwick, and his mother was Lady Charlotte Bentinck, daughter of the 3rd Duke of Portland (former leader of the Whig party and prime minister).
Early life
Much of Greville's childhood was spent at his maternal grandfather's house at Bulstrode. He was one of the Pages of Honour to George III, and was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford; but he left the university early, having been appointed private secretary to Earl Bathurst before he was twenty. The interest of the Duke of Portland had secured for him the secretaryship of the island of Jamaica, which was a sinecure office, the duties being performed by a deputy, and the reversion of the clerkship of the council. His mother was widely believed to be the mistress of the Duke of Wellington, an affair which caused her family much distress, and may account for Greville's frequently hostile attitude to Wellington.
Cricket career
Mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made five known appearances in first-class matches. He played for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series. His brother was Algernon Greville.
Public career
Greville entered upon the discharge of the duties of a Clerk of the Council in ordinary in 1821, and continued to perform them for nearly forty years, until his retirement in 1859. He, therefore, served under three successive sovereigns (George IV, William IV and Victoria) and, although no political or confidential functions were attached to that office, it was one that brought him into habitual intercourse with the chiefs of all the parties in the state. Well-born, well-bred, handsome and accomplished, Greville led the easy life of a man of fashion, taking an occasional part in the transactions of his day and much consulted in the affairs of private life.
In 1837, Greville won 9,000 pounds from the first-place finish of his horse Mango in the St Leger Stakes. Until 1855, when he sold his stud, he was an active member of the turf, and he trained successively with Lord George Bentinck and with the Duke of Portland.
Greville died at Mayfair, London, and the celebrity now attached to his name is entirely due to the posthumous publication of a portion of a Journal or Diary that it was his practice to keep during the greater part of his life. These papers were given by him to his friend Henry Reeve a short time before his death, with an injunction that they should be published, as far as was feasible, at not too remote a period after the writer's death.
Diary
The journals of the reigns of George IV and William IV, extending from 1817 to 1837, were published in obedience to his directions almost ten years after his death. Few publications have been received with greater interest by the public; five large editions were sold in little more than a year, and the demand in America was as great as in England. These journals were regarded as a faithful record of the impressions made on the mind of a competent observer, at the time, by the events he witnessed and the persons with whom he associated. Greville did not stoop to collect or record private scandals. His object appears to have been to leave behind him some of the materials of history, by which the men and actions of his own time would be judged. He records not so many public events as the private causes which led to them; and perhaps no English memoir-writer has left behind him a more valuable contribution to the history of the 19th century. Greville published anonymously, in 1845, a volume on the Past and Present Policy of England in Ireland, in which he advocated the payment of the Roman Catholic clergy; and he was also the author of several pamphlets on the events of his day.
The full span of memoirs eventually appeared in three parts—three volumes covering 1817 to 1837, published in 1874, three for the period from 1837 to 1852, published in 1885, and the final two in 1887, covering 1852 to 1860. When the first part appeared in 1874 some passages caused extreme offence. The copies issued were as far as possible recalled and passages suppressed, however, a copy of this original manuscript remained in the Wallace family's possession until it was sold and eventually acquired by a bookseller from New York, Gabriel Wells. Wells and the Doubleday publishing house produced The Greville Diary in two volumes in 1927 however these were criticised for poor editing and containing some inaccurate statements.
In 1874, when it became known that Greville's diary was going to be printed, the news caused an uproar. Queen Victoria wrote that she was "horrified and indignant at this dreadful and really scandalous book. Mr Greville's indiscretion, indelicacy, ingratitude, betrayal of confidence and shameful disloyalty towards his Sovereign make it very important that the book should be severely censored and discredited". She also said that "The tone in which he speaks of royalty is unlike anything which one sees in history, even of people hundreds of years ago, and is most reprehensible...Of George IV he speaks in such shocking language, language not fit for any gentleman to use". The Conservative Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli wrote to Lady Bradford on 26 October 1874:
I have not seen Chas. Greville's book, but have read a good deal of it. It is a social outrage. And committed by one who was always talking of what he called ‘perfect gentlemen.' I don't think he can figure now in that category. I knew him intimately. He was the vainest being—I don't limit myself to man—that ever existed; and I don't forget Cicero and Lytton Bulwer; but Greville wd. swallow garbage, and required it. Offended selflove is a key to most of his observations. He lent me a volume of his MS. once to read; more modern than these; I found, when he was not scandalous, he was prolix and prosy—a clumsy, wordy writer. The loan was made à propos of the character of Peel, which I drew in George Bentinck's Life, and which, I will presume to say, is the only thing written about Peel wh. has any truth or stuff in it. Greville was not displeased with it, and as a reward, and a treat, told me that he wd. confide to me his character of Peel, and he gave me the sacred volume, wh. I bore with me, with trembling awe, from Bruton St. to Gros[veno]r Gate. If ever it appears, you, who have taste for style and expression, will, I am sure, agree with me that, as a portrait painter, Greville is not a literary Vandyke or Reynolds; a more verbose, indefinite, unwieldy affair, without a happy expression, never issued from the pen of a fagged subordinate of the daily press.
His brother, Henry Greville (1801–1872), attaché to the British embassy in Paris from 1834 to 1844, also kept a diary, of which part was published by Viscountess Enfield, Leaves from The Diary of Henry Greville (London, 1883–1884).
Notes
References
Further reading
H S Altham, A History of Cricket, Volume 1 (to 1914), George Allen & Unwin, 1962
Arthur Haygarth, Scores & Biographies, Volumes 1–11 (1744–1870), Lillywhite, 1862–72
External links
CricketArchive profile
1794 births
1865 deaths
Clerks of the Privy Council
English cricketers
English diarists
English cricketers of 1787 to 1825
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
British racehorse owners and breeders
People educated at Eton College
Pages of Honour
Place of birth missing
Charles
19th-century diarists
Gatch is a surname. People with that name include:
Lee Gatch (1902-1968), American artist
Philip Gatch (1751-1835), American Methodist minister
Thomas Gatch (disambiguation), several people
See also
Gatch bed, a type of hospital bed invented by Willis Dew Gatch
Gatch Site, an archaeological site located near Milford, Ohio, United States
USS Hooper (DE-1026), originally USS Gatch
Chijindu "CJ" Ujah (born 5 March 1994) is a British athlete, specializing as a sprinter. The lead-off runner of the Great Britain 4 × 100 metres relay team that won both the World title in 2017 and the European title in 2016 and 2018, he also won the title in the 100 metres at the 2017 Diamond League final. On 18 February 2022 it was announced that Ujah and his teammates Zharnel Hughes, Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake and Richard Kilty would be stripped of their 4 × 100 metres relay 2020 Summer Olympics silver medals after Court of Arbitration for Sport found Ujah guilty of a doping violation.
Early life and education
Chijindu Ujah was born in Enfield, London, into a family who are originally from Nigeria. He grew up in Enfield and has one older sibling. He attended St. Matthew's CE Primary School and Bishop Stopford's School alongside his brother. Chijindu went on to study at Sir George Monoux College, a sixth form college in Walthamstow, where he took up Science and Maths. He studied Exercise Science at Middlesex University in London.
Career
Ujah is the fifth British sprinter to break 10 seconds for the 100 metres, and the youngest to-do so, as of June 2014 he is ranked first on the all-time European under-20 list, and third on both the all-time British list and the all-time European under-23 list for the event with the fastest time of 9.96 (with a +1.4 tailwind), achieved at Hengelo, Netherlands on 8 June 2014.
He is coached by Jonas Tawiah-Dodoo.
In 2013, he became the European Junior Champion in the 100 m.
At youth level, Ujah won the silver medal over 100 metres at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games He also finished 8th in the IAAF World Youth Games 100 m. In 2012, he came 6th in the IAAF World Junior Championships 100 m.
On 14 February 2015, Chijindu Ujah won the Sainsbury's Indoor British Championships 60 m with a time of 6.57 seconds.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics from Rio de Janeiro, he failed to make the final of the 100 metres by 0.01 seconds.
He ran the first leg in the 4 × 100 metres relay for Great Britain, the gold medal winning team at the 2017 World Championships in London on 12 August. Two weeks later, he won his first global individual title, winning the 2017 IAAF Diamond League title over 100 metres in 9.97 seconds.
Drugs controversy
At the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal for the 4x100 men's relay event. He was later provisionally suspended for an alleged doping violation after his doping test showed the presence of a prohibited substance S-23 and Enobosarm. On 14 September 2021 it was announced that his 'B' sample had also tested positive, confirming the initial test and "almost certainly" resulting in the relay team being disqualified and losing their medals. On 18 February 2022, having not appealed the findings of the test, the British relay team had their medals officially stripped. Ujah stated that he had "unknowingly consumed a contaminated substance".
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Athletes from London
English male sprinters
British male sprinters
Olympic male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Great Britain
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships winners
European Athletics Championships winners
European Athletics Championships medalists
British Athletics Championships winners
Diamond League winners
People educated at Sir George Monoux College
English people of Nigerian descent
Black British sportspeople
Competitors stripped of Summer Olympics medals
Doping cases in athletics
English sportspeople in doping cases
Ménamba I is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 328 square kilometers and includes 8 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 10,449. The village of Ménamba I, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 12 km east-northeast of Yorosso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Ubiquitin-binding domains (UBDs) are protein domains that recognise and bind non-covalently to ubiquitin through protein-protein interactions. As of 2019, a total of 29 types of UBDs had been identified in the human proteome. Most UBDs bind to ubiquitin only weakly, with binding affinities in the low to mid μM range. Proteins containing UBDs are known as ubiquitin-binding proteins or sometimes as "ubiquitin receptors".
Structure
Most UBDs are of small size (often less than 50 amino acids) and adopt many different protein folds from multiple fold classes, including all-alpha, all-beta, and alpha/beta folds. Many UBDs can be roughly classified into four broad categories: alpha-helical structures (in some cases as small as a single helix, as in the ubiquitin-interacting motif); zinc fingers; pleckstrin homology (PH) domains; and domains similar to those in ubiquitin-conjugating (also known as E2) enzymes. Other UBDs not fitting these categories can be SH3 domains, PFU domains, and other structures. Small helical structures are the most common, and examples include ubiquitin-associated domains (UBA), CUE domains, the ubiquitin-interacting motif (UIM), the motif interacting with ubiquitin (MIU), and the VHS protein domain.
Binding mechanism
Many UBDs of the UBA family bind to ubiquitin via a hydrophobic patch centred on a particular isoleucine residue (the "Ile44 patch"), although binding to other surface patches has been observed, for example the "Ile36 patch". Zinc finger UBDs have a broader range of binding modes including interactions with polar residues. Because many UBDs have a common or overlapping ubiquitin interaction surface, their interactions are often mutually exclusive; due to steric clashes, more than one UBD cannot physically interact with the same Ile44-centered hydrophobic patch on a single ubiquitin molecule.
Most UBDs described to date bind to monoubiquitin and thus do not show a linkage-preference for the differently linked ubiquitin chains. There are, however, a handful of known, linkage-specific UBDs, that can specifically differentiate between the eight different ubiquitin linkages. This is important as the different linkage types are thought to signal for different molecular processes and linkage-specific recognition of these chains ensures the appropriate cellular response.
References
Protein domains
First Contact is the debut studio album by American house producer Roger Sanchez, released in July 2001 by Defected Records. After establishing himself as a popular DJ and remixer throughout the 1990s, Sanchez decided he wanted to create more of his own music and record a studio album, feeling he had "a bit of a story to tell with [his life]." Conceiving the album to be a very personal "reflection of his life", Sanchez recorded First Contact over a four-year period. Music critics have described the record as a disco house album which displays a disparate array of influences and styles, including garage, Latin and electro. Numerous guest vocalists, including Cooly's Hot Box, N'Dea Davenport and Sharleen Spiteri, contribute vocals to the record.
Midway through the album's production, Sanchez released "I Never Knew" as its first single, a moderate hit. Upon the record's completion, he released the second single "Another Chance", which became a number 1 hit in the United Kingdom and a Pan-European club success. "You Can't Change Me" and "Nothin' 2 Prove" were also released as singles. First Contact was a moderate commercial success in the UK, reaching number 34. The album received general acclaim from most music critics, who felt that it merged different influences successfully.
Background and production
Throughout the 1990s, disc jockey Roger Sanchez had been brought to a worldwide audience via his career as a remixer, but according to Dave Simpson of The Guardian, "[he] wasn't satisfied. Like many DJs, he wanted to be an artist. And he wanted to be the best. [...] If remixing had taught him one thing, it was how to make records." Sanchez conceived the idea of making an album when he found himself producing enough of his own material. He said of making First Contact: "I think for me what happened was that rather than initially saying 'Oh, I want to do an album', it got to the point that after years of just doing one off singles and remixes, I started producing a couple of my own tracks and I just felt I had a bit of a story to tell with my life." Although Sanchez had released several DJ mix albums and compilation albums in the 1990s and 2000s, including his then-recent Ministry of Sound mix Sessions Eleven: The R-Senal Sessions (2000), First Contact was the DJ's first studio album.
With First Contact, Sanchez said he wanted to create a "very personal" album that gave listeners "a little bit of background about where I'm from and where my mind is at, plus some of my own experiences so people could relate to it and vibe with it." When Sanchez was asked by the NME why he had not made albums before, he replied: "I don't think the world was exactly waiting for a Roger Sanchez album." He started work on the album in 1997, despite having not written any songs since those he released as underground singles in his earlier days as a DJ. Upon its completion in 2001, the album had drastically changed from its previous form a year and a half earlier: "I just thinned it out, focused it and concentrated it more. I'm very happy with the outcome." The DJ felt the final album "reflects and expands on the sounds that have shaped his life."
Sanchez constructed the album's tracks "like a house." He explained: "Everything has a foundation and the track is a construction. The skeleton frames, the beams are the bassline, and you build it up around that. I often start with the drums, although recently I've started to subvert that, to challenge myself more, and start with, say, a melody. I treat every track as a problem that I have to solve." Production of the song "Another Chance" was initially an issue as Sanchez felt it needed vocals, so he sampled the 1982 song "I Won't Hold You Back" by rock band Toto after he found the Toto IV album lying in the studio. Despite never taking 'blatant' samples, he made an exception for the Toto track as "lyrically it just made the track and hit something I'd gone through." Tom Ewing of Freaky Trigger described the production of "Another Chance" as Sanchez "hearing something in the winsome intro of an old Toto hit, cutting it loose, and then letting this tiny scrap of song spin through seven minutes of house music." Upon completion, First Contact was mastered by John Davies at Whitfield Street Studios, London.
Composition
First Contact, described by Sanchez as "a reflection of my life", is a lush and soulful house and disco house album, mixing smooth garage styles into a harder sound influenced by "fresh new beats" emerging from the United Kingdom and Europe. The album explores different styles and influences, including garage, electro and Latin music. Finding the album to be "conceptual in spirit" in a similar fashion to Erick Morillo's Subliminal Sessions (2000) and Romanthony's R.Hide in Plain Site (2000), Christian Ward of the NME described the album as a celebration of "the filter-disco 4/4 funk that stretches back though Static Revenger, Spiller, Braxe'n'Bangalter and Paul Johnson, to [Sanchez collaborator] DJ Sneak." However, the album does divert from the "4/4 furrow", notably on "Computabank" and "The Partee". Numerous guest vocalists provide warm vocals to Sanchez's music throughout the album.
A brief skit opens the album, in which Sanchez is heard logging on to his computer, which invites him "to select a track". This is followed by "Computabank", influenced by 1980s electronica acts like Depeche Mode and Kraftwerk, and incorporating styles of electro and industrial music. Julie C of Resident Advisor said the song gives listeners a taste of the style of electronica music "now filtering through their air waves" that had been adopted by Daft Punk. The emotional second track "Another Chance" features two hooks, namely the repeating vocal, sampled from Toto's "I Won't Hold You Back", and the double drum-hit "that kicks the track up a notch each time it comes." Ewing said of the song:
"Contact" is a deep house track fusing throbbing bass sounds and flanged sampling work. The disco-styled diva house song "You Can't Change Me" is a collaboration with Armand van Helden and vocalist N'Dea Davenport, The lyrics were based on an argument Sanchez had with his ex-girlfriend: "She became my manager and it broke up pretty badly. My career, my music comes first, and I travel all over the world. This is how it is, so if you walk into my life you have to expect it. Don't try to change me." With lyrics like "You say I love my music more than you", The Guardian felt it "provides the greatest insight into the S-Man." "The Partee" is a big beat and house track driven by a brassy Latin music groove that highlights Sanchez's Dominican roots. "Ventura" is a 'formless' track based upon a chunky groove, followed by the disco-styled "I Never Knew", which features strings and "lite-funk" vocals from the group Cooly's Hot Box. "Nothing 2 Prove" is a laid-back song featuring vocals from Sharleen Spiteri of the group Texas. The genesis for the song came after Sanchez remixed Texas' hit "In Our Lifetime". Angela Johnson sings on the "electro soul" closing song "Leavin'", which features a classical-style overture introduction.
Release and promotion
"I Never Knew" was released as a single by INCredible Records on August 27, 1999, midway through the album's production, reaching number 24 on the UK Singles Chart. After the album's completion, but prior to its release, "Another Chance" was released by Defected Records as the second single on July 2, 2001. It became a European hit, reaching number 1 on the UK Singles Chart and also reaching the top 20 across the rest of Europe. The song was also a club hit throughout Europe, featuring prominently in nightclubs, and, according to the BBC, it became "the tune of the summer". It was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), indicating sales of over 200,000 in the United Kingdom. Two more singles followed, namely "You Can't Change Me" on December 3, 2001, which reached number 25 in the UK, and the vinyl-only "Nothin' 2 Prove" on March 4, 2002.
Michael Paoletta of Billboard magazine described First Contact as "hotly anticipated". The album was released by Defected Records in the United Kingdom on July 30, 2001. It reached number 34 on the UK Albums Chart, staying on the chart for three weeks. Sanchez found difficulty finding a licensing partner to help him release First Contact in the United States, due to potential partners being discouraged by the Toto sample in "Another Chance". The album was eventually licensed for release in the US by Musicrama, a Long Island City-based distributor that focuses on distributing imports into the American marketplace. Nanou Lambling, director of marketing/A&R for dance music for Sony Music Entertainment Europe, signed Sanchez in order to release First Contact for the rest of the world outside the UK, US and Ireland. First Contact reached number 23 on the New Zealand album chart, spending six weeks on the chart.
Critical reception
First Contact was released to general acclaim from music critics. Julie C of Resident Advisor rated the album five stars out of five, hailing the album as Sanchez's return "to the dance/club scene" and describing it as "undoubtedly one of the best albums released this year." Michael Paoletta of Billboard magazine also hailed the record, writing that it effortlessly merges "sun-kissed beats" with "warm vocal stylings." The BBC commented on the eventual release of a Roger Sanchez album: "You can almost hear the collective sigh of relief going up from dancefloors across the land." They cited First Contact as the album in which house music finally had found a new direction, after the genre had been "going round in circles uncertain of which direction to take." The BBC's reviewer said the album was an "excellent hour's work, because when this hits the streets it will send shivers down the spines of inferior wannabes who have been polluting the airwaves with second-rate dance music."
Dave Simpson of The Guardian called First Contact "an extraordinarily absorbing record" that sounds "at once eerily uplifting and emotional, statuesque and clinical." In a positive review, Christian Ward of the NME described the album as "a brace of awesome disco-house soon-to-be classics," and commented that, while not innovative, the album proves Sanchez could repeatedly "hit a particular Ibiza-kissed clubfloor G-spot." More mixed in their assessments were Stephen Robinson of Hot Press, who felt the album "suffers somewhat in the 'long gestation period' department, and comes across as a hodge-podge of ideas and styles," and Tim DiGravina of AllMusic, who felt the first four tracks are strong, but wrote that the remainder are too repetitive and rely to heavily on guest vocalists. He commented that First Contact is "halfway to being an amazing album, but it's also halfway to being run of the mill."
Sanchez moved away from the style of First Contact on later works, reflecting in 2004 upon the completion of his second album Come with Me that his debut album was "a reflection of my life up to that point," whereas Come with Me "focuses on where I'm currently at and where I'm headed." "Another Chance" has continued to be popular in later times, with Freaky Trigger reviewer Tom Ewing later describing the album version of the song as "a clockwork miniature of momentum and regret."
Track listing
All tracks written by Roger Sanchez, except where indicated
"Try" – 2:42 (hidden track in the pregap of the CD edition)
"Computabank" – 6:08
"Another Chance" (written by Roger Sanchez & Steve Lukather) – 7:32
"Contact" – 5:43
"You Can't Change Me" – 5:49 (featuring Armand van Helden and N'Dea Davenport)
"The Partee" – 6:03
"Ventura" – 5:53
"I Never Knew" – 6:52 (featuring Cooly's Hot Box)
"Nothing 2 Prove" – 5:15 (featuring Sharleen Spiteri)
"Leavin'" – 6:13
Personnel
Roger Sanchez – writing
John Davies – mastering
Lost in Space – digital images
Eva Mueller – Sanchez photography
Gerald Elms – unspecified
Charts
References
2001 debut albums
Sony Music albums
Roger Sanchez albums
The Internal Fire Museum of Power is a museum of internal combustion engines in West Wales. The museum's collection is mostly of larger stationary diesel engines, as used for generating sets and pumping stations. The museum is located at Tan-y-groes, Ceredigion, near Cardigan.
Exhibits
Most of the engines have been restored to working order. Several engines are in operation when the museum is open.
Diesel
The museum has the oldest working diesel engine in the UK, a 1912 Sulzer single cylinder air-blast injection Diesel, an example of the original Rudolf Diesel design.
Steam
The museum houses over 200 tons of working engines in nine halls and in 2020 was in the process of creating a new steam hall to house a 1903, J & E Wood, 500 hp tandem compound along with an 1879, John Penn, twin cylinder oscillating paddle steamer (ex Empress) as well as a number of smaller engines including the only surviving Petter steam engine.
In 2017, the museum's second Engineering Heritage Award exhibit arrived. A 1901, 140 bhp three cylinder Willans engine generating set had been used until 1957 at the Maples furniture shop in London. On retirement this had been placed on display at the original Willans factory in Rugby
Gas turbine
One of the museum's most unusual exhibits was a 'Pocket Power Station', powered by a Bristol Proteus gas turbine engine. The regional electricity board installed several 2.7MW, remote-operated, generation sets for peak load powered by the Proteus. Designed to run for ten years many were still in use forty years later. In 2010 this was recognised with an Engineering Heritage Award.
See also
Anson Engine Museum
Prickwillow Museum
Museum of Power, in the former Southend Waterworks, Essex
References
External links
Technology museums in the United Kingdom
Industry museums in Wales
Internal combustion engine
Science museums in Wales
Museums in Ceredigion
William Flinn (1851–1924) was a powerful political boss and construction magnate in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Along with Christopher Magee (1848–1901), his political partner, the two ran the Republican Party machine that controlled the city for the final twenty years of the 19th century.
Early life
He was born in Manchester, England, on May 26, 1851, to John Flinn, an Irish immigrant, and Mary Hamilton Flinn, an Englishwoman by birth. The family emigrated later that year to the United States and settled in Pittsburgh's Sixth Ward, famous for its hard-scrabble politics, where his father established a small contracting business.
Educated in the Pittsburgh Public Schools, Flinn dropped out at age 9 to deliver newspapers, shine shoes, and later apprentice in the gas and steam fitting trades.
Politics
Flinn became politically active in the Republican Party as a ward boss collecting stray votes. He soon attained office in 1877 as a member of the Board of Fire Commissioners. Flinn quickly partnered with Christopher Magee, the city's Republican Party political boss. In 1877, he was elected to the State House to represent the Pittsburgh area by holding one of Allegheny County's allotted at-large seats. In 1882, Flinn was appointed chairman of the executive committee of the Pittsburgh Republican party, a position he held for the next 20 years, and in 1890 he was elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate, where he sponsored the Good Roads Act, which became law in 1895. He remained there until his resignation in 1902. From 1884 until 1912 he served as a delegate to every Republican National Convention.
He was elected chairman of the State Republican Party at its May 1912 convention. His election was seen as a victory for the progressive wing of the party, which essentially took control of the party away from the more conservative Boies Penrose. Penrose, who had previously served as state committee chairman himself from 1903 through 1905, did not attend the convention, and did not seek re-elected to the post of Republican National Committeeman. Flinn, however, resigned the chairmanship after less than two months in office. A longtime supporter of Theodore Roosevelt, he expressed disappointment that the Republican Party chose not to nominate Roosevelt for President in the 1912 election, and instead nominated incumbent President William Howard Taft. He therefore followed Roosevelt out of the Republican Party, and would later become active in the state's Progressive Party. Penrose, for his part, would go on to wrest control of the State Party from Henry Wasson, one of Flinn's lieutenants who was left to lead the party following Flinn's departure.
Business
Flinn's chief business interest was large-scale contracting. His firm of Booth and Flinn was formed in 1876 in association with James J. Booth. As a result of politics and a "lowest responsible bidder" scheme, Booth & Flinn won most large construction and paving contracts in Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania, where they built streets, trolley lines, and bridges, usually amid charges by competitors of graft. The firm built the Liberty Tunnels, Wabash Tunnel, and Armstrong Tunnels in Pittsburgh, and in the later years of the company's continuation, the Holland Tunnel between New York City and New Jersey. (Booth retired from the firm in 1898; George H. Flinn, son of the founder, succeeded him, and in 1924 two other sons, William and A. Rex Flinn joined the company).
In The Shame of the Cities, the landmark 1903 book by Lincoln Steffens on political corruption in American cities, Steffens wrote about the alleged Flinn-Magee collusion: "Magee wanted power, Flinn wealth...Magee spent his wealth for more power, and Flinn spent his power for more wealth.... Magee attracted followers, Flinn employed them. He was useful to Magee, Magee was indispensable to him....Molasses and vinegar, diplomacy and force, mind and will, they were well mated." Reformers eventually reined in Flinn by passing legislation to curb corruption and kickbacks.
Flinn was also president of the Duquesne Lumber Company and the Pittsburgh Silver Peak Gold Mining Company. He sat on the board of directors of the Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, the Arkansas Natural Gas Company, the Gulf Oil Corporation, and the Pittsburgh Coal Company.
Personal life
He married Nancy Galbraith in 1874 and the couple had seven children: five boys (Howard died at the age of 2 years), two girls. His sons—William, George, Ralph, and A. Rex—became prominent in business, three of them in their father's construction firm. His daughters, Mary and Edith, were important figures in local society. The family home, called Braemar, was in the city Highland Park district. Though raised Roman Catholic, Flinn was a member of Pittsburgh's Sixth United Presbyterian Church.
Retirement
Flinn's political and business organization began to crumble in the late 1890s when a flap over the rigged bidding system came to a head with Edward Manning Bigelow, director of public works. By the 1902 elections reformers held sway and citizens voted down the machine. Magee himself had died in 1901 after a short illness.
Flinn withdrew from local politics, as a result, and retired to a country estate north of the city called Beechwood Farm. He became a gentleman farmer of Guernsey cattle, German police dogs, and Belgian hares.
During the winter months Flinn resided in Florida, where at St. Petersburg he died on February 19, 1924, at the age of 72. He is interred at Homewood Cemetery in Pittsburgh. According to the Register of Wills of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County, J.N. Mackrell, Flinn's personal property and real estate at his death exceeded $11 million.
Flinn is honored with several monuments throughout the city of Pittsburgh and the Allegheny County segment of Pennsylvania State Route 8 is named the William Flinn Highway. His country estate is now a nature reserve, Beechwood Farms Nature Reserve, operated by the Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania. Flinn's daughter Mary used some of her inheritance to build a country estate nearby Beechwood called Hartwood; today it is open to the public as a part of Hartwood Acres Park.
References
1851 births
1924 deaths
Politicians from Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania state senators
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Chairs of the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania
American political bosses from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Republicans
Burials at Homewood Cemetery
The Sun's Tirade is the second studio album by American rapper Isaiah Rashad. It was released on September 2, 2016, and is his second release with Top Dawg Entertainment, following 2014's acclaimed Cilvia Demo.
The album, recorded during a period in which Rashad experienced struggles with depression and addiction, features a strongly reflective and conscious tone with production that takes influence from hip hop, trap, trip hop, soul, and jazz. It features guest appearances from SiR, Zacari, Kendrick Lamar, Deacon Blues, Kari Faux, Syd tha Kyd, Hugh Augustine, Jay Rock and SZA. The album's production was handled by several producers, including Mike Will Made It, D. Sanders, Cam O'bi, J. LBS, The Antydote and Chris Calor.
The Sun's Tirade was met with critical acclaim from music critics, and appeared on numerous end-of-year the best album lists from various publications. The album debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200, selling 19,000 copies its first week. The album was supported by the critically acclaimed lead single, "Free Lunch".
Background and promotion
On August 26, 2016, Isaiah Rashad announced the album's title, release date and the reveal of the artwork. On August 30, he shared the album's track listing, which features guest appearances from Kari Faux, Syd and SiR, along with Top Dawg label-mates such as SZA, Jay Rock and Kendrick Lamar. Rashad released The Sun's Tirade on September 2, 2016.
During various interviews in promotion of the album, Rashad revealed that he was addicted to Xanax and alcohol, and was suffering from depression, anxiety and isolation during the time between the release of Cilvia Demo and The Sun's Tirade. He further stated that he "fucked up", and almost got dropped from Top Dawg Entertainment a total of three times during the recording of his album.
{{quote box|quoted = 1|quote=I just want them [fans] to enjoy themselves listening to this project. I hope this make it easier for them to approach me, make you feel like you're talking to a regular person. As far as learning about me, I don't know. You'll learn I got range. I got some more range that you didn't think I had. I want people to be like, "Damn, this nigga can do this?" Because that motivates me a lot.|source=—Isaiah Rashad, via XXL|width=22%|align=right|style=padding:8px;|border=2px}}
"Free Lunch" was released as the album's lead single on August 7, 2016. The music video for the single, directed by APLUS Filmz, was uploaded to Top Dawg Entertainment's YouTube channel on August 10.
On August 27, 2016, Rashad performed "Free Lunch" with Kendrick Lamar during Lamar's headlining set at FYF Fest. On September 17, 2016, he performed "Tity and Dolla" at the BET Hip Hop Awards, which aired in the next month. Rashad also released music videos for the songs "4r da Squaw" and "Park", which have not been released as singles.
Music and lyrics The Sun's Tirade, much like its predecessor, is a loose concept album. The project is characterized by its personal themes, such as substance abuse, depression, and Rashad's personal struggles with alcohol and Xanax addiction. The album incorporates stylistic and production elements of southern hip hop, jazz, neo soul, trap music, and progressive hip hop. Musically, the project has been noted by publications for its diversity and unique sonic palate, and for being "much more jazzy and upbeat" than Cilvia Demo. Rashad's vocals are layered and textured. His voice throughout the record displays a "heavy rasp" and "sing-songy flow".
Critical reception The Sun's Tirade received positive reviews from music critics upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 80, which indicates "generally positive reviews," based on 11 reviews. Sheldon Pearce of Pitchfork Media praised The Sun's Tirade, dubbing the album "a complex portrait of a man in transition", and further applauded Rashad for "wear[ing] his anxieties" on his sleeve. Ryan Lunn of The Line of Best Fit lauded the album, saying "while the album may have been crafted during a two-year tsunami of struggle, Isaiah Rashad still manages to sound as calm as an ocean's gentle waves; sounding so effortless has never taken so much effort." Andy Kellman of Allmusic similarly praised the album, citing its creativity and production as a highlight, while also directing praise at Rashad's rapping, stating "Rashad's voice is dispirited, on the brink of disintegration".
Stephen Kearse of Consequence of Sound reviewed the album favorably, noting the album's "experimental aesthetic" as more refined than on Rashad's previous efforts. In a less positive review, Michael G. Barilleaux of No Ripcord found the album to be boring, stating "Each song on this album makes its own point, but does it in exactly the same tone as the last. The end result is 17 tracks of one sound in a row, all bleeding into each other."
AccoladesThe Sun's Tirade'' appeared on numerous end-of-year the best album lists from various publications.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200, selling 19,000 copies its first week.
Track listing
All tracks written by Isaiah McClain, unless otherwise denoted
Charts
References
2016 debut albums
Isaiah Rashad albums
Top Dawg Entertainment albums
Albums produced by Mike Will Made It
Albums produced by Steve Lacy
Albums produced by Dave Free
Albums produced by Frank Dukes
Robert Eberly (born Robert Eberle; July 24, 1916 – November 17, 1981) was an American big band vocalist best known for his association with Jimmy Dorsey and his duets with Helen O'Connell. His younger brother Ray was also a big-band singer, making his name with Glenn Miller and His Orchestra.
Biography
Eberly was born Robert Eberle but changed the spelling of his surname slightly to the homonymous Eberly. His younger brother Ray was also a big-band singer, most notably with Glenn Miller's orchestra. Their father, John A. Eberle, was a policeman, sign-painter, and tavern-keeper. Another brother, Al, was a Hoosick Falls, New York, village trustee.
Eberly was hired by the Dorsey Brothers Orchestra in 1935 shortly after winning an amateur hour contest on Fred Allen's radio show and shortly before Tommy Dorsey left the band to form his own group. Eberly stayed with Jimmy Dorsey and would be a fixture with the orchestra until drafted into the service late in 1943. In the early 1940s the Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra scored a string of hits featuring Eberly and Helen O'Connell, with Eberly singing a slow, romantic baritone version of songs such as "Amapola" and "Tangerine", followed by a lighter, up-tempo reprise by O'Connell. Eberly also recorded the original version of "I'm Glad There Is You" in 1942 for Dorsey's orchestra on Decca Records. The song has become a jazz and pop standard.
In 1953, Eberly and Helen O'Connell headlined a summer replacement program for Perry Como's CBS television show. The program also featured Ray Anthony and his orchestra.
Eberly was married to Florine Callahan from January 23, 1940 until his death in 1981; the couple had three children, Robert Jr., Kathy and Rene. Robert Jr. went on to sing professionally and although he was talented, he never achieved the popularity of his father which was due, in part, to the changing times and the diminishing nightclub scene.
In 1980, Eberly had one lung removed but still continued to sing. He died of cancer in 1981 in Glen Burnie, Maryland, at the age of 65.
Notable recordings
"It's the Dreamer in Me" (with Jimmy Dorsey and His Orchestra; 1938)
"Green Eyes" (with Helen O'Connell; 1941)
"Tangerine" (with Helen O'Connell; 1941)
"I'm Glad There Is You (In a World of Ordinary People)" (with Jimmy Dorsey and His Orchestra; 1942)
"Bésame Mucho" (with Kitty Kallen; 1944)
"Love Letters in the Sand (Cartas De Amor En La Arena)" (with Enoch Light & His Orchestra; 1957)
References
External links
Bob Eberly recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
1916 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American singers
Big band bandleaders
Big band singers
Capitol Records artists
Coral Records artists
Decca Records artists
People from Hoosick Falls, New York
Singers from New York (state)
Traditional pop music singers
Eta Muscae is a multiple star system in the southern constellation of Musca. It is visible to the naked eye as a faint, blue-white hued point of light with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.79. The system is located around 406 light years away from the Sun. It is a member of the Lower Centaurs Crux subgroup of the Sco OB2 stellar association of co-moving stars.
The two main components of this system form a double-lined spectroscopic binary with a period of 2.4 days in a circular orbit. They are a detached eclipsing binary with a spectral type of B8V and a brightness that dips by 0.05 magnitude once per orbit. This pair consists of two components of similar mass and type.
Further away from the primary system are stars of magnitude 7.3 and 10, designated Eta Muscae B and C. It is unclear if these stars are gravitationally–bound to the main pair. Evidence for an additional component has been found with a 30-year cycle in the orbital behavior of the main pair. The data suggests an orbital eccentricity of 0.29 for this suspected component, Eta Muscae D.
References
B-type main-sequence stars
Lower Centaurus Crux
Spectroscopic binaries
Eclipsing binaries
Musca (constellation)
Muscae, Eta
Durchmusterung objects
114911
64661
4993
The Leeds Rhinos – Wakefield Trinity rivalry is a West Yorkshire Derby born from locality and competitive history. The two sides play an annual pre-season friendly, the Festive Challenge, every Boxing Day to celebrate their rivalry.
Head-to-head record
Statistics correct as of 19/5/21
In all competitions, competitive and uncompetitive:
Meetings in major finals
1932–33 Yorkshire Cup Final: Leeds 8–0 Wakefield
1934–35 Yorkshire Cup Final: Leeds 5–5 Wakefield
Replay 1: Leeds 2–2 Wakefield
Replay 2: Leeds 13–0 Wakefield
1947–48 Yorkshire Cup Final: Wakefield 7–7 Leeds
Replay 1: Wakefield 8–7 Leeds
1958–59 Yorkshire Cup Final: Leeds 24–20 Wakefield
1961–62 Yorkshire Cup Final: Wakefield 19–9 Leeds
1964–65 Yorkshire Cup Final: Wakefield 18–2 Leeds
1967–68 Challenge Cup Final: Leeds 11–10 Wakefield
1973–74 Yorkshire Cup Final: Leeds 7–2 Wakefield
Collective Honours
As of the end of the 2021 season
Festive Challenge
The Festive Challenge is an annual friendly rugby match played between Leeds Rhinos and Wakefield Trinity that is played on Boxing Day.
History
Before the summer era of rugby league, games were regularly played on Boxing Day.
The 2010 event was postponed to New Year's Day due to poor weather.
In 2017, the fixture was moved to Belle Vue, the first time it was played away from Headingley, due to the redevelopment of Headingley Stadium.
Results
Winners
Sponsors
See also
Boxing Day Challenge
West Yorkshire derbies
Derbies in the Rugby Football League
Notes
References
Rugby league rivalries
Sports rivalries in the United Kingdom
Girlfight is a 2000 American film by Karyn Kusama, starring Michelle Rodriguez.
Girlfight or Girl Fight may also refer to:
Girl Fight (film), a 2011 television film
Girl Fight (video game), a 2013 fighting game
Girlfight (song), a single by Brooke Valentine
See also
Catfight (disambiguation)
Fight Girls
Fighting Girl
Fight Like a Girl (disambiguation)
Tella is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 511 square kilometers and includes six villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,372. The village of Tella, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 82 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
BUBBA (stylized in all caps) is the second studio album by Canadian electronic music producer Kaytranada, released by RCA Records on December 13, 2019. The album's release was preceded by the release of the single "10%" which featured singer Kali Uchis, which was released on December 9, 2019. In the lead-up to the album release, Igloofest, a winter music festival, announced Kaytranada as a surprise guest. Just after the album release, Kaytranada announced a one-day pop-up shop and DJ set in Montreal.
It won a Grammy award for the Best Dance/Electronic Album category, while it's single "10%" featuring Kali Uchis won Best Dance Recording at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards on March 14, 2021. At the Juno Awards of 2021, it won the award for Dance Recording of the Year.
Recording
In an interview with GQ, Kaytranada said that recording Bubba was a very different process to his previous album. Previously, songs would be edited on his laptop and sent remotely to collaborating artists for them to add their own ideas. With Bubba, recordings took place mainly in-studio with both the producer and the artist present. As a result, Kaytranada had to adapt to creating chemistry and personal relationships with artists in the studio.
In an interview with GQ, Kaytranada revealed that some of the artists on the previous album 99.9% turned down reappearances on Bubba. This changed the direction of the entire album, as it instead focused on the "Kaytranada sound", searching for and evolving his personal style of music. The result is a unique blend of neo-soul, hip-hop, Afrobeat, and other varying genres in a dance style that the artist describes as "funky".
Musical style and themes
The Haitian-born Canadian producer Kaytranada expands on the house and techno genres to create modern Disco tracks, using what Billboard describes as an "inventive, funk-meets electronica sound". Bubba does not adhere to any genre, as noted by NPR - the album morphs between Afrobeat, house, funk, R&B, disco, hip hop, and others. These are ubiquitous styles found in the Nigerian popular genre, from where Afrobeat gains its heritage. Bubba relies on its Afrobeat elements to "build a physical experience" in its bass and instrumentation, and feels "chameleonic" in its range. The album is commonly described as "trance-like" and "psychedelic". In a Pitchfork review, it was said to “(push) the audience's boundaries away from what they are comfortable with”.
Atwood Magazine noted that while Kaytranada's style is categorized as electronica, he deviates from the genre's usual audience, namely musical festival goers, instead focusing on diversity and blending together different genres on each track. The Nation identified overarching themes of love, culture, and hiding behind masks, summarizing the album as thematically disconnected but emotionally "human". Individual songs don't thematically blend, but transition musically - in one instance, adjoining tracks "What You Need" and "Vex Oh" give almost opposing views on love. Crack Magazine and NPR identify connections between Kaytranada's use of backbeats and synthesizers, and the evolution of R&B and post-Disco club music from the 1980s, especially in early underground DJs.
Kaytranada revealed the album was influenced by the events in his life after the release of 99.9%; including opening up about his sexuality, coming to terms with his newfound fame, and dealing with anxiety, stress, and depression as a result. “Bubba” focuses on themes of loneliness and being an outcast, which Kinfolk states to be what appeals most to his audience.
Promotion
In the first year of its release, Bubba topped Billboards Dance/Electronic Albums Chart. Kaytranada spoke out about his experience continuing producing for RCA records despite his experiences with depression from touring to promote his previous album.
The album was preceded by the single “10%”. This was followed by Kaytranada touring in Australia in January 2020 as part of the FOMO festival line-up in Adelaide, Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. More tour dates included the III Points Festival in Miami, Florida in May 2020, and the REBEL Entertainment complex in Toronto, Ontario, though both dates were postponed indefinitely due to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic.
Reception
Bubba received critical acclaim upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized score out of 100 to all reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 82, based on 7 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". Jonah Bromwich from Pitchfork compared the album to 99.9%, describing it as "another set of coherent, well-sequenced set of tracks without any major drop-offs, all the more impressive as the album runs more than 50 minutes", and writing that Kaytranada "blesses this woeful decade with one last great dance record." Max Freedman from Paste commented on the queer sound of the album, noting that "it's hard not to read some of its traits as directly stemming from just how much happens in the first three years after someone comes out." NPR described the album as "deeply human", a "welcome nod to the roots of dance music", and having a "last call", "end-of-the-night" feeling.
NMEs review summarizes the album as being aimed more at Kaytranada's existing fans, rather than appealing to a new fan base. Paste magazine writes that “Bubba” does not deviate much from the formula established by “99.9%”. Clash Magazine also critiqued the album's brevity and unevenness. Some reviewers critiqued the closing track, "Midsection" (featuring Pharrell Williams), as being musically disconnected from the rest of the album.
Impact
NPR writes that in the 1980s, club DJs needed to constantly satisfy a dynamic crowd with dynamic music. The innovations that were developed during this period are still relied upon by artists today. Tracks from Bubba, such as “What You Need”, demonstrate the relevance of producers' ability to meet the ever-changing needs of the crowd. In a Rolling Stone review of the album, it is stated that the 80s track chopping techniques allow Kaytranada to express his own personal journey over the last four years. Kinfolk writes that the disco theme appeals to alternative and individual crowds, to which Kaytranada feels a sense of belonging, whilst the R&B and House elements of his music incorporate a much broader crowd. This achieves an overall sense of giving comfort to outsiders of a community through music, as interpreted by NPR.
The blend between R&B and Afrobeat production on the album develops tracks into music that isn't just heard but is also felt as NPR states. NPR also writes that listening to the album becomes a physical experience of feeling the thumping beat and hearing the melodic accompaniment.
Alternatively, some reviewers feel that elements of the album do not work together and at times production elements can get in the way of each other as a review by KEYMAG states. In this review, KEYMAG reviews the album as “stifled with moments of utter inertia”. KEYMAG similarly lends some criticism to “Midsection” and the incorporation of Pharrell Williams' falsetto into the track.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Kaytranada – production
Colin Leonard – mastering engineering
Rolling Stone lists Kaytranada collaborating with a range of artists on Bubba such as Pharrell Williams, Tinashe, GoldLink, Estelle, Mick Jenkins, SiR, Charlotte Day Wilson, Iman Omari, Masego, VanJess, Ari PenSmith, Eight9fly, Durand Bernarr, and Teedra Moses. Forbes notes that this is quite a large guest list for an R&B album. Forbes writes that this album demonstrates Kaytranada's ability to visualise the songs in their rudimentary stages and determine which artist suits the final version of the song.
Kaytranada perceives vocals and lyrics as another instrument rather than as a vehicle for meaning. His collaboration with a range of artists and the way he uses their voices demonstrates that he values the sounds and texture that vocals add to songs rather than the meaning that lyrics can convey. On Bubba, he frequently uses the voices of his collaborators to reference the sounds of the early 2000s.
Kaytranada stated in an interview with Pitchfork that he wanted the audience to be able to feel the sense of collaboration and chemistry between himself and the individual artists which change on each track.
Charts
References
2019 albums
Albums produced by Kaytranada
Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronica Album
Kaytranada albums
RCA Records albums
Juno Award for Dance Recording of the Year recordings
Svetlana Yakovlevna Jitomirskaya (born June 4, 1966) is a Soviet-born American mathematician working on dynamical systems and mathematical physics. She is a distinguished professor of mathematics at the University of California, Irvine. She is best known for solving the ten martini problem along with mathematician Artur Avila.
Education and career
Jitomirskaya was born and grew up in Kharkiv. Both her mother, Valentina Borok, and her father, Yakov Zhitomirskii, were professors of mathematics.
Her undergraduate studies were at Moscow State University, where she was a student of, among others, Vladimir Arnold and Yakov Sinai. She obtained her Ph.D. from Moscow State University in 1991 under the supervision of Yakov Sinai. She joined the mathematics department at the University of California, Irvine in 1991 as a lecturer, and she became an assistant professor there in 1994 and a full professor in 2000.
Honours
In 2005, she was awarded the Ruth Lyttle Satter Prize in Mathematics, "for her pioneering work on non-perturbative quasiperiodic localization".
She was an invited speaker at the 2002 International Congress of Mathematicians, in Beijing. She was a plenary speaker at the 2022 International Congress of Mathematicians, originally scheduled for Saint Petersburg. After the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, congress organizers changed plans, and moved some events online, and others to Helsinki, Finland. Jitomirskaya's July 14 plenary address, Small denominators and multiplicative Jensen's formula, is available online.
She received a Sloan Fellowship in 1996.
In 2018 she was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Jitomirskaya is the 2020 winner of the Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics, becoming the second woman to win the prize and the first woman to be the sole winner of the prize. The award citation credited her "for work on the spectral theory of almost-periodic Schrödinger operators and related questions in dynamical systems. In particular, for her role in the solution of the Ten Martini problem, concerning the Cantor set nature of the spectrum of all almost Mathieu operators and in the development of the fundamental mathematical aspects of the localization and metal-insulator transition phenomena."
In 2022, she was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. On July 2 2022, she received the inaugural Ladyzhenskaya Prize in Mathematical Physics (OAL Prize) “for her seminal and deep contributions to the spectral theory of almost periodic Schrödinger operators” https://2022.worldwomeninmaths.org/OAL-prize-winner.
Selected publications
.
.
.
References
External links
Home page of Svetlana Jitomirskaya
.
1966 births
Moscow State University alumni
University of California, Irvine faculty
Ukrainian mathematicians
Scientists from Kharkiv
Ukrainian women mathematicians
Ukrainian SSR emigrants to the United States
Ukrainian Jews
Living people
Dynamical systems theorists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Jay McCafferty (February 21, 1948 – March 21, 2021) was a California painter, video artist, and filmmaker.
Background
McCafferty was a student at the Los Angeles Harbor College, Wilmington, California, for a brief time following high school. He attended Chapman College where he also studied on the World Campus Afloat before attending California State University, Los Angeles, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Art. In 1973 he earned an MFA degree from the University of California, Irvine (UCI) where he studied with classmates Charles Christopher Hill, John Knight, Richard Newton, and Alexis Smith.
McCafferty was an associate professor of art and head of the art department at Los Angeles Harbor College, Wilmington. He has also worked as a lifeguard for the County of Los Angeles part-time from 1966 through retirement in 1996; he worked at Southern California beaches from Ventura County to San Pedro, California.
At UCI McCafferty studied with artists, such as Craig Kauffman, Ed Moses and Tony DeLap and was influenced by figures such as Phil Leider, founder of ArtForum magazine. McCafferty presented his first video exhibition, solo, in 1974 at the Long Beach Museum of Art. It was described as "a suite of truly humorous and poetic single-channel videos." During this period, he began filming Self Portrait, Every Year (1972 - ongoing), a project that "encompasses thirty-five years of daily grooming compiled into a moving self-portrait that traces the artist through time." At about the same time, McCafferty started Autobiography, which he described to Glenn Phillips, curator of the Getty Research Institute:
I had a new piece of equipment, and people didn't know what it was. So I put it in their face and ask them, "What do you think of Jay McCafferty?" And they'd give me an answer, and the answer was usually more about them than me, which is obvious because nobody can know you as you are. 'they know you from the context of where you're meeting them and how you've interacted. In the context, it was usually pretty fresh, and I'd get really candid things out of the subjects.
In 1973, McCaffferty showed the solar burn paintings in a solo show curated by Charles Christopher Hill at Gallery TJB in Newport Beach, California, an early Orange County alternative gallery and at the Cirrus Gallery in Los Angeles. The show is described:
Discouraged by art dealers' lack of interest in showing video, McCafferty switched his focus to a solar burn 'painting' technique he devised. Working outdoors, using a magnifying glass and the sun's heat and l light, he burns holes of various sizes into stacked sheets of gridded vellum paper. Depending on the intensity of the sun and other atmospheric conditions, McCafferty can create a variety of effects. The burns in the paper also leave behind a smoky residue which adds a painterly quality.
James Bravin in the LA Times described the paintings: "McCafferty's burn paintings, which have been exhibited at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Long Beach Museum of Art, consist of several layers of paper that the artist prepares with different pigments. Placed atop his roof, McCafferty chooses a pattern, often based on a grid, then focuses a magnifying glass on a particular area." Sandy Ballatore in Art in America writes that the works are "the gridded, singed, skeletal remains of his own peculiar art-making ritual: sitting on his studio roof, magnifying lens in hand and sun overhead, he ignites papers, plastic, wood, cardboard... in a mechanical meditative rite. " The New Art Examiner notes: "Jay McCafferty's wall hangings are extremely delicate and lace-like. He has converted large pieces of grid paper into a fragile network of tiny holes by a process of solar burning. With a magnifying glass, he laboriously burns holes into the framework provided by the grid. His use of repetitive elements is a recording activity of his creative process."
Awards
1974 New Talent Award, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (Contemporary Arts Council), Los Angeles
1976 Grant Recipient, National Endowment for the Arts
Selected exhibitions
2011 Best Kept Secret: UCI and the Development of Contemporary Art in Southern California 1964–1971, a Pacific Standard Time group exhibition, Laguna Art Museum, Laguna, California
2011 Once Emerging, Now Emerging, A Pacific Standard Time group exhibition, Cirrus Gallery, Los Angeles
2008 California Video, Getty Museum, Los Angeles
2006 Driven to Abstraction, Riverside Art Museum, Riverside, California
2005 On the Wall, solo exhibition at Mark Moore Gallery, Santa Monica, California
2005 Solo exhibition at Gallery 478, San Pedro, California
2001 Solo exhibition at Hosfelt Gallery, San Francisco, California
Selected collections
The Capital Group
Century Plaza Hotel
Coca-Cola Company, Atlanta, GA
Fairmont Hotel Group
Federal Reserve Bank, San Francisco
The Getty Museum, Los Angeles
IBM Corporation
International Paper Company
Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Museum of Modern Art, New York
Newport Harbor Art Museum
O'Melveny & Meyers, Los Angeles
Progressive Corporation, Pepper Pike, OH
Scripps Clinic & Research Foundation
Security Pacific National Bank, Los Angeles
Sheraton Grand Hotel, Tokyo, Japan
References
External links
Artist's Website
Exhibits at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art
1948 births
2021 deaths
American filmmakers
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Painters from California
20th-century American male artists
This is a list of seasons played by Levante UD Femenino, Levante UD's women's section, in Spanish and European football, from its first appearance in the national championship as San Vicente CFF in 1994 to the latest completed season. The team first played as Levante UD in the 1998–99 season.
Summary
References
women's seasons
women
Levante Women
Levante
Association football lists by Spanish club
Women's sport-related lists
The Briones Valley is a major geological feature of Contra Costa County, California and runs between Mount Diablo and the county seat of Martinez. Also, it is the seat of many riparian watersheds, especially of Alhambra Creek.
References
Valleys of Contra Costa County, California
Valleys of California
Stone County is located in the Ozark Mountains in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The county is named for rugged, rocky area terrain of the Ozarks. Created as Arkansas's 74th county on April 21, 1873, Stone County has two incorporated cities: Mountain View, the county seat and most populous city, and Fifty-Six. The county is also the site of numerous unincorporated communities and ghost towns.
Most of the county is sparsely populated forested Ozark hills; including the northern fifth of the county managed by the United States Forest Service as the Ozark National Forest. The remainder of the county is used for poultry, ranching, and timber production. The White River runs along the eastern boundary of Stone County. The county contains six protected areas in addition to the Ozark National Forest: Blanchard Springs Caverns within the Ozark National Forest, two Natural Areas, two Wildlife Management Areas and the Ozark Folk Center, which preserves and interprets Ozark cultural heritage, especially traditional mountain folk music and crafts. Other features such as log cabins, one-room school houses, community centers, and museums, as well as annual cultural events, preserve the history and culture of Stone County.
Stone County occupies and contained a population of 12,394 people in 5,325 households as of the 2010 Census, ranking it 57th in both size and population among the state's 75 counties.
Geography
Stone County is located in the Ozark Mountains, one of the six ecoregions of Arkansas. The Ozarks are a mountainous subdivision of the U.S. Interior Highlands, and Stone County contains the Springfield Plateau, Salem Plateau, and the relatively steeper Boston Mountains subsets. The county is roughly split along an east–west line near Mountain View, the centrally located county seat, with areas north within the Springfield Plateau, and areas south within the Boston Mountains. Areas along the White River, which forms the county's northeastern boundary, are dissected bluffs of the Salem Plateau rather than riparian floodplains. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
The county is located approximately north of Little Rock, northwest of Memphis, Tennessee, and southwest of St. Louis, Missouri. Stone County is surrounded by three Ozark counties, Searcy County to the west, Baxter County to the northwest, Izard County to the northeast, and three border counties with the Arkansas River Valley, Van Buren County to the southwest, Cleburne County to the south, and Independence County (which also contains a small piece of the Arkansas Delta) to the east.
Hydrology
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 Census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 12,359 people, 4,787 households, and 3,109 families residing in the county.
2010 Census
As of the 2010 census, there were 12,394 people, 5,325 households, and 3,590 families residing in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (7.9/km2). There were 6,712 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4.3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% White, 0.1% Black or African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.4% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 0.4% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,325 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 36.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.81.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.6% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 19.4% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 22.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.2 years. For every 100 females there were 97.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.2 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,380, and the median income for a family was $36,765. Males had a median income of $28,258 versus $25,341 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,090. About 16.6% of families and 23.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.7% of those under age 18 and 20.6% of those age 65 or over.
2000 Census
As of the 2000 census, there were 11,499 people, 4,768 households, and 3,461 families residing in the county. The population density was 19 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 5,715 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.27% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.77% Native American, 0.05% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.15% from other races, and 1.64% from two or more races. 1.08% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,768 households, out of which 26.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.30% were married couples living together, 7.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.20% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 28.50% from 45 to 64, and 18.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 96.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,209, and the median income for a family was $28,009. Males had a median income of $20,904 versus $16,118 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,134. About 14.10% of families and 18.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.20% of those under age 18 and 12.10% of those age 65 or over.
Culture and contemporary life
Media
The county newspaper is the Stone County Leader, a weekly published in Mountain View since 1952. Former newspapers include the Stone County Democrat and Mountain View Herald (1932-1953). Mountain View has also produced several short-lived publications, including the Mountain View News (1905-1906), The Mountain View (1973-1974), and The Ozark Times (1906-1913).
The Stone County Historical Society has published the Heritage of Stone since 1972. Issued twice annually to members and available to the public for individual purchase, the publication covers topics relating to the history and culture of Stone County.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen, and district boundaries are drawn by the county election commission. The Stone County Quorum Court has nine members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions.
Taxation
Property tax is assessed by the Stone County Assessor annually based upon the fair market value of the property and determining which tax rate, commonly called a millage in Arkansas, will apply. The rate depends upon the property's location with respect to city limits, school district, and special tax increment financing (TIF) districts. This tax is collected by the Stone County Collector between the first business day of March of each year through October 15th without penalty. The Stone County Treasurer disburses tax revenues to various government agencies, such as cities, county road departments, fire departments, libraries, and police departments in accordance with the budget set by the quorum court.
Sales and use taxes in Arkansas are voter approved and collected by the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration.
Arkansas's statewide sales and use tax has been 6.5% since July 1, 2013. Stone County has an additional sales and use tax of 1%, which has been in effect since May 1, 1987. Within Stone County, the City of Mountain View has had an additional 2% sales and use tax since September 1, 2005. The Arkansas State Treasurer disburses state tax revenue to counties/cities in accordance with tax rules.
Politics
In Congress, Arkansas has been represented by two Republican senators (John Boozman and Tom Cotton) since January 3, 2015, ending a long history of Democratic hegemony. In the House of Representatives, Stone County is within the Arkansas 1st district, which contains the Arkansas Delta. The Arkansas 1st has been represented by Rick Crawford since 2010.
In the Arkansas Senate, Stone County is within the 18th District, which also contains all of Cleburne and Searcy counties and parts of Faulkner, Fulton, Baxter, Marion, Van Buren, and White counties. The 18th District has been represented by Missy Irvin (R) of Mountain View since 2011.
Communities
Two incorporated cities are located within the county. The largest city and county seat, Mountain View, is relatively centrally located in the oddly-shaped county. Mountain View's population in 2010 was 2,748, marking the first decennial decline since the 1960 Census. Fifty-Six has maintained a stable population under 200 since incorporation.
Stone County has dozens of unincorporated communities and ghost towns within its borders. This is due to early settlers in Arkansas tending to settle in small clusters rather than incorporated towns. For example, communities like Newnata had a post office and dozens of buildings at some point in their history. Other communities are simply a few dwellings at a crossroads that have adopted a common place name over time. Some are officially listed as populated places by the United States Geological Survey, and others are listed as historic settlements.
Cities
Fifty-Six
Mountain View (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Alco
Allison
Arlberg
Ben
Big Springs
Chalybeate Springs
East Richwoods
Flag
Fox
Gayler
Hanover
Harness
Herpel
Luber
Lydalisk
Marcella
Meadow Creek
Melrose
Mozart
Newnata
Old Lexington
Onia
Optimus
Parma
Pleasant Grove
Pleasant Hill
Rushing
St. James
Timbo
Turkey Creek
West Richwoods
Historical communities
Bluetip
Bothersome
Boyle
Buckhorn
Hedges
Kahoka
May
Oga
Pekin
Red Stripe
Townships
Arbana (small part of Mountain View)
Blue Mountain (most of Mountain View)
Bryan
Farris
Flag
Franklin
Harris (small part of Mountain View)
Jones
Liberty
Locust Grove
Marcella
Northwest (Fifty-Six)
Optimus
Red River
Red Stripe
Richwoods
Roasting Ear
Smart
Sylamore
Timbo
Turkey Creek
Union
Washington
Wilson
Infrastructure
Aviation
Mountain View Airport is the only public owned/public use airport in Stone County. Also known as Harry E. Wilcox Memorial Field, the facility is a small, rural general aviation airport with 5,650 annual operations. Stone County also contains one private airfield. The nearest commercial service airport is Clinton National Airport in Little Rock.
Major highways
Stone County is not served by any Interstate highways nor United States highways; the nearest access to the Interstate system is Interstate 40 (I-40) in Conway. Ten state highways serve the traveling public in the county, varying from short connector routes to long highways traversing the entire county. Highway 5 and Highway 9 are major north–south highways across the Ozarks; each crosses through the county through Mountain View. The two routes briefly form a concurrency, or overlap, between Mountain View and Allison.
Highway 14 is a major east–west highway across northern Arkansas, it crosses the county and connects Mountain View and Fifty-Six via an overlap with Highway 5 and Highway 9. Highway 87 connects the communities more directly along a winding alignment. Highway 66 has its eastern terminus in Mountain View, and runs west to Leslie in Searcy County, connecting Mountain View to US Highway 65 (US 65). Highway 263 connects several unincorporated communities in southwestern Stone County. Highway 382 serves as access for Ozark Folk Center State Park. Highway 58, Highway 74, and Highway 110 pass through the county for a few miles on their way to other destinations.
The county also contains the Sylamore Scenic Byway, an Arkansas Scenic Byway and National Forest Scenic Byway.
Utilities
Entergy Arkansas is the sole provider of electricity in almost all of Stone County, with exceptions in the northern tip (served by North Arkansas Electric Cooperative), south of Mountain View (First Electric Cooperative) and the southwest corner (Petit Jean Electric Cooperative).
The Arkansas Department of Health (ADH) is responsible for the regulation and oversight of public water systems throughout the state. Stone County contains six community water systems: the City of Fifty-Six Water Department, the City of Mountain View Water Department, Pleasant Grove Water Association, Richwoods Water Association, Sylamore Valley Water Association, and the West Stone County Water Association. Mountain View has the largest direct retail population served (7,295, all in Stone County), followed by West Stone County (4,634, including customers served in adjacent counties), Pleasant Grove Water Association (2,315), and Richwoods Water Association (1,436), with the remaining systems under 600 retail population served. Of the water systems serving Stone County, only Fifty-Six uses groundwater, the Gunter Sandstone Aquifer, though also purchasing water from Big Flat, which pumps from the same aquifer. The City of Mountain View uses the White River, and the remaining systems purchasing treated water from Mountain View.
See also
List of lakes in Stone County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stone County, Arkansas
Notes
References
External links
Stone County official website
Stone County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Stone County Sheriff's Office
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1873
Sarılar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Donna Fargo (born Yvonne Vaughn; November 10, 1945) is an American country singer-songwriter known for a series of Top 10 country hits in the 1970s. These include "The Happiest Girl In The Whole U.S.A." and "Funny Face", both of which were released in 1972 and became crossover pop hits that year.
Fargo has won major awards since her debut in the late 1960s, including one Grammy Award, five awards from the Academy of Country Music and one award from the Country Music Association.
Biography
Early life
Fargo was born Yvonne Vaughn on November 10, 1945, in Mount Airy, North Carolina. She sang from her early years, but never thought about singing professionally. Fargo attended High Point College in North Carolina, then earned a degree at the University of Southern California (USC). After graduating from USC, she became a teacher at Northview High School in Covina, California, eventually progressing to head of the English Department. While still teaching, Fargo started pursuing a music career, performing in local clubs in Southern California. In 1966 she met Stan Silver who became her manager and, in 1968, her husband.
Career discovery
Vaughn soon started to appear around Los Angeles, California, while teaching. She went to Phoenix in 1966 and adopted the name Donna Fargo, which she has continued to use since. As Donna Fargo, Vaughn recorded her second single, which was also her first using her new stage name. (When she had recorded her first single, Fargo had used her real name of Yvonne Vaughn.) Her first major concert was with Ray Price, and she began playing in Southern California.
She recorded for a few small labels in the early 1960s, including Ramco and Challenge, but songs like "Who's Been Sleeping on My Side of the Bed" were not successful. Although her original singles were not successful, the Academy of Country Music Awards named her the "Top New Female Vocalist" in 1969. In 1972, Fargo recorded a single for the Decca label before achieving her breakthrough that year.
Music career
In 1972, one of Fargo's self-written and self-composed songs, "The Happiest Girl In The Whole U.S.A.", was picked up by Dot Records. Fargo was then signed to the label, and the single was released the same year. She was one of the few female country singers to write and compose her own material at the time, and one of the few country singers to cross over to the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart in a big way, which she did in 1972 with "The Happiest Girl In The Whole U.S.A." (number 11). The song peaked at No. 1 on the country music chart. An album of the same name was released following the song's success. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in early 1973, selling over 500,000 copies. The follow-up single, "Funny Face", also peaked at No. 1 on the country chart, and became a bigger pop hit than her previous single, peaking at No. 5. Both singles were certified gold by the end of the year.
Though Fargo never made the Top 40 in pop music again, she placed over a dozen more singles in the country Top Ten in the 1970s, most written by herself. Fargo's second album, My Second Album, was released in 1973, peaking at No. 1 on the Top Country Albums chart, as well as spawning the No. 1 country singles, "Superman" and "You Were Always There". The songs both charted on the pop chart. That same year, Fargo's All About Feeling, her third album, was released. The album spawned two Top 10 Country hits "Little Girl Gone" and "I'll Try a Little Bit Harder". The same year, the Grammy Awards gave Fargo the Best Female Country Vocal Performance award for "The Happiest Girl In The Whole U.S.A." She was also named "Top Female Vocalist" by the Academy of Country Music Awards.
Fargo ultimately became the fifth most successful female country artist of the 1970s, according to Billboard Magazine, behind Loretta Lynn, Dolly Parton, Tammy Wynette, and Lynn Anderson. For a better part of the 1970s, she rated high on the charts with songs like "It Does Feel Good", and "Mr. Doodles".
Fargo had another successful album with Dot in 1974, releasing Miss Donna Fargo, which spawned three Top 10 hits, including "You Can't Be a Beacon If Your Light Don't Shine". This song peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard Country Chart. In 1975, she released Whatever I Say Means I Love You (ABC/MCA), her fifth and final album for the DOT label, that included "What Will the New Year Bring?"
Dot Records was acquired by ABC and there was a noticeable drop-off in chart placings for Fargo, and in 1976, she moved to Warner Bros. Records.
Fargo came out with the On the Move album, which spawned two Top 20 hits. The next year her next album, Fargo Country was released. The album spawned her first No. 1 Country hit since 1974, "That Was Yesterday", followed by another Top 10 Country hit, "Mockingbird Hill", which peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Country Chart in 1977. Fargo's 1978 album, Shame on Me also yielded two Top 10 hits, the title track and "Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)", which peaked at No. 2.
Recognized as one of the leading country songwriters of the era, Fargo's songs have been recorded by Tammy Wynette, Sonny James, Kitty Wells, Tanya Tucker, Jody Miller, Marty Robbins, Dottie West and other artists. Additionally, almost everything Fargo recorded for years was self-penned, although by the latter half of the 1970s she was also recording covers of songs from writers as diverse as Stonewall Jackson, Vaughn Horton, Bill Enis and Lawton Williams, Paul Anka, and Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil; those covers also became successful hits for Fargo.
Fargo had her own musical television show (produced by the Osmond Brothers), which ran for a year, beginning in 1978.
Fargo is one of only five country female vocalists to have her own television series. Kitty Wells was the first, in 1968.
1979: multiple sclerosis
In 1978, Fargo was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. She experienced a brief illness, but with medical treatment and her husband's help, Fargo made it back to full health, returning to a more limited schedule in 1979 and another Top 10 hit. For the next few years, the successes came at a lower level.
Although this serious neurological illness caused a deep decline in her promotional work, Fargo vowed not to allow the disease ultimately to get to her. In 1979, she recorded a new album, Just for You, from which the biggest hit was the No. 14 hit "Daddy", a new version of a song that Fargo had recorded in 1969. The follow-up, "Preacher Berry", peaked outside the Country Top 40.
1980 – present: current music career
Fargo released one more album with Warner Bros. in 1980 before switching to the smaller Songbird label in 1981. She recorded a well-received gospel album in 1981 for MCA/Songbird, and in 1982, she moved to RCA.
Fargo singles charted off RCA in 1983 and 1984, and she recorded one album for the label in 1983. She recorded a single for Columbia in 1983, and for Cleveland records in 1984. By now, Fargo's career had begun to decline in terms of album sales and chart placements.
After several other label changes, Fargo signed with Mercury, and began another upswing.
She recorded an album with the label, Winners, which resulted in three singles spawned from the album, including a Top 30 hit, "Me and You". Fargo also dueted with Billy Joe Royal for her next single, "Members Only". The song became a Top 25 country hit in 1987, peaking at No. 23. In 1991, she released the song "Soldier Boy", a reference to the Gulf War which was going on at the time. The song was Fargo's last charting single.
After several years without a full-length recording, in 1992, Fargo began work on her autobiography.
In 2008, Fargo released a new single CD, "We Can Do Better in America". On February 4, 2022, PrimaDonna Records announced the release of Donna Fargo's new EP, "ALL BECAUSE OF YOU".
Writing career
Fargo has pursued other ventures outside of the music business, writing eight books and more than 2,000 greeting cards. She has since established a successful line of greeting cards in The Donna Fargo Collection through the Blue Mountain Arts Poets and Artists series. She released her fourth book in March 2010, entitled I Thanked God For You Today.
Previously, Fargo had released another series of poetry books, including Trust in Yourself, To the Love of My Life, and Ten Golden Rules. In 2021, she published her eighth book, "Everything Is Possible with God", also with Blue Mountain Arts.
Awards
Additional nominations:
Country Music Association – 1972 – Female Vocalist of the Year
Country Music Association – 1972 – Song of the Year "The Happiest Girl in the Whole USA"
Grammy Awards – 1973 – Best Country Song – "The Happiest Girl in the Whole USA"
Grammy Awards – 1973 – Best Country Song – "Funny Face"
Country Music Association – 1973 – Female Vocalist of the Year
Fargo was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 2010.
Discography
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Mount Airy, North Carolina
American gospel singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Grammy Award winners
Dot Records artists
Challenge Records artists
Warner Records artists
People with multiple sclerosis
Singer-songwriters from North Carolina
Country musicians from North Carolina
People from Covina, California
21st-century American women
Singer-songwriters from California
Gölbelen, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1939–40 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1939–40
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season.
Division 2 Östra 1939–40
Division 2 Västra 1939–40
Division 2 Södra 1939–40
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Glaphyria cymalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1914
Glaphyriini
The Diocese of Emmaus is an ancient and titular diocese of the Roman Catholic Church, located in Emmaus/Nicopolis, Israel, (modern Imwas). The current bishop is Giacinto-Boulos Marcuzzo who resides in Nazareth.
History
Being a small town only from Jerusalem, the village of Emmaus was not initially a bishopric, but rather part of the bishopric of Jerusalem.
In 131 CE, Christian scholar and writer Julius Africanus of Jerusalem, headed an embassy to Rome and had an interview with the Roman emperor Elagabalus on behalf of Emmaus. Soon after it was refounded to become a "city" (πόλις), which quickly became famous, and was given the qualification of "Nicopolis".
Eusebius a century latter writes Emmaus, whence was Cleopas who is mentioned by the Evangelist Luke. Today it is Nicopolis, a famous city of Palestine.
Jerome described how the towns congregation "consecrated the house of Cleopas as a church."
The bishopric of Emmaus was mentioned by St. Jerome, Hesychius of Jerusalem, Theophanes the Confessor, Sozomen, and Theodosius.
In 222 CE, a basilica was erected there, which was rebuilt first by the Byzantines and later modified by the Crusaders.
This Diocese, however, must not have been of significance, being represented at only one of the first four councils nor mentioned by Michel Le Quien but was in the Notitiae Ecclesiastica.
The ancient bishopric ended when the Islamic armies entered the city. At the time of the Muslim conquest of Palestine, the main encampment of the Arab army was established in Emmaus, when a plague struck, killing as many as 25,000 of the army.
In the 7th century both Willibald of Eichstätt and Hugeburc von Heidenheim, in her The Life of St. Willibald both describe the town church and "holy well".
The church was one of 30,000 Christian buildings destroyed in 1009AD by al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, the Fatimid caliph of Egypt.
In the 12th century William of Tyre, described the abundance of water and fodder in the area around the town, and Daniel Kievsky wrote of the site, "but now all is destroyed by the pagans and the village of Emmaus is empty." John Phocas (ca.1185) also described the town.
The Bishopric was re-established in 1099 when the army of the First Crusade, arrived in the town. But came under the rule of the Ottoman Empire in the early 16th century and, the church built by the Crusaders converted into a mosque.
In 1930, the Carmelite Order built a monastery, the House of Peace, on a tract of land purchased in the town in 1878. and three years latter it was established as a titular see in the Roman Catholic Church.
Known bishops
Ancient diocese
Petros Longius, bishop of Nikopolis attendee at the Council of Nicaea.
Titular Catholic see
Giacinto-Boulos Marcuzzo
Franco Costa (1963.12.18 – 1977.01.22)
Carlo Maccari (1961.06.10 – 1963.10.31)
Jolando Nuzzi (1959.08.08 – 1961.05.20)
Joseph Patrick Donahue (1945.01.27 – 1959.04.26)
Giuseppe Signore (1928.12.01 – 1944.08.11)
Algernon Charles Stanley (1903.02.12 – 1928.04.23)
James Laird Patterson (1880.04.20 – 1902.12.03)
Henricus den Dubbelden (1842.01.14 – 1851.10.13)
Jean-Denis Gauthier (1839.12.10 – 1877.12.08)
Johann Maximilian von Haunold (1792.06.18 – 1807.01.20)
Adam Stanisław Naruszewicz (1775.03.13 – 1788.11.28)
Franciszek Kobielski (1760.01.28 – 1766.05.01)
Kajetan Ignacy Sołtyk (1749.09.22 – 1756.04.19)
Lothar Friedrich von Nalbach (1730.10.02 – 1748.05.11)
Bartolomeo Fargna (1729.02.07 – 1730)
Church buildings
Emmaus Nicoplis, Latrun, Betharram/Beatitudes
Emmaus Qubeibeh, Qubeibeh, Franciscans
See also
Catholic Church in Israel
Custody of the Holy Land.
External links
Emmaus-Nicopolis, official site
References
Titular sees in Asia
Roman Catholic dioceses in the Crusader states
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Asia
Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta and Uplokayukta (Sanskrit: उत्तर प्रदेश लोकायुक्त and उपलोकायुक्त) is an anti-corruption ombudsman in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.The position of the Lokayukta was established under the Lokayukta Act of 1975. The Lokayukta is from a non-political background and functions as a statutory authority probing into cases primarily related to corruption, government mismanagement, or abuse of power by public servants or ministers. Though the Lokayukta lacks wide investigatory powers, it has caught public attention by investigating high-profile cases.
On January 28, 2016, the Supreme Court of India, recalled its previous order and appointed a new Lokayukta after the state government failed to suggest one.
Selection procedure
According to the Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta and UpLokayukta Act of 1975, the Governor of the state can appoint a person to be the Lokayukta and one or more persons as uplokayukta(s)(Deputy Lokayukta). The Lokayukta's appointment is made after consultations with the Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court, and the leader of the opposition in the state assembly.The Uplokayukta(s) can be appointed after consulting the Lokayukta.
A person is eligible for the post of the Lokayukta or Uplokayukta if he/she fulfills the following criteria.
A judge of the Supreme Court or the High Court.
Never held an office of member of Parliament or severed their connection with it.
Never held an office of State Legislature.
Holding no office of trust or profit, or severed their connection with the business or profession if had joined in the past.
Any person appointed as the Lokayukta or Uplokayukta serves the office for a period of eight years after an amendment increased the tenure length by two years. The perks and allowances of the Lokayukta are the same as that of the chief justice while that of an Uplokayukta to a judge of the state's High court. The institution of Lokayukta should have Judicial and Non-Judicial members.
Roles and responsibilities
The functioning of the Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta is to initiate inquiries on complaints regarding maladministration and corruption concerning a State Public Servant". The investigation can be started with specific approval of the concerned ministry and can be either a Grievance or Allegation. Grievance means any claim by a person who faced injustice or undue hardship due to maladministration, whereas, allegation is in relation to a public servant, any government company or corporation in the state or pension and other claims.
Lokayukta or an Uplokayukta enjoys the same powers as that of a civil court under the code of Civil Procedure, 1908 which includes summoning the person, checking any public record or request copy from any court or office and issuing commissions for the examination of witnesses or documents. The lokayukta is also required to ensure the safe custody of relevant documents. Every investigation is conducted in private, and the identity of the complainant and that of the public servant under investigation not disclosed in any form unless it is related to public importance. After the completion of an investigation, the lokayukta is required to submit the report to the governor.
In case of a false complaint, the lokayukta is empowered to take appropriate action as specified under Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, which may involve detention of the complainant and up to three years of imprisonment with fine. However, the person can make an appeal which can be admitted only by the session court. However, in any such case, the court cannot compel the lokayukta, uplokayukta or any public servant to furnish any evidence recorded or collected.
The State Government, by a notification published in the gazette, can confer additional powers for specific investigations to the office of the Lokayukta and can even allow them to make new rules for the same.
Recommendations
Many names were suggested for selecting a new Lokayukta after the term of N.K. Mehrotra expired. Despite objections raised by both, the chief justice of the Allahabad High Court and the governor, the state government forwarded the name of retired judge Ravindra Singh to the governor at least four times, without following the due procedure. The chief justice had raised strong objections citing Ravindra Singh's alleged political affiliations with the ruling government of the samajwadi party. The government headed by Akhilesh Yadav neither proposed a fresh name, nor called a meeting of the selection committee regarding the appointment, which led to governor Ram Naik rejecting the name of Singh for a fifth time in August 2015. The state government passed an amendment in the state assembly on August 28, 2015, removing the clause that required the chief justice of the Allahabad High Court to be a part of the selection committee.; The bill,however lies pending with the governor
Hearings in the Supreme Court
Multiples hearings occurred in the Supreme Court for appointing a new lokayukta. On July 2, 2015, the Court sought the response of the Uttar Pradesh government on a plea seeking replacement of the state's current lokayukta N.K. Mehrotra, The Allahabad High Court also sought response for the same from the government on July 23, 2015. The apex court issued a notice to the government in December, regarding the initiation of contempt proceedings against it for non-compliance of the Court's previous order. On receiving no reply from the government, the supreme court, on December 14, criticized the for not appointing a new lokayukta in the state and fixed the petitions on the issue for a hearing on December 16.
The Supreme Court had earlier upheld constitutional validity of extending tenure of lokayukta to eight years on 24 April 2014 and had asked for the list of possible appointees within six months. Since the government failed to recommend the list within the time-frame, the Court appointed Virendra Singh as the new lokayukta by exercising its constitutional power under Article 142 of the Constitution The court, however retracted this decision later, after hearing a plea and appointed former judge of Allahabad High Court Sanjay Mishra as the new lokayukta in January 2016.
Appointment
The former Lokayukta N.K. Mehrotra was appointed on 16 March 2006 under the Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta Act. After his term expired on 15 March 2012, the Uttar Pradesh government on the same day brought an ordinance and another on 18 March and extended the period from existing six to eight years, which was later upheld by the Supreme Court.
On July 31, 2012, the state government cabinet approved to keep the office of lokayukta out of the purview of the RTI Act, 2005 citing secrecy while investigating corruption charges. N.K. Mehrotra served nine years in the office, the longest term by a lokayukta in the country. On December 16, 2015, the Supreme Court, invoking its constitutional powers, appointed justice Virendra Singh as the new Lokayukta, while expressing deep regret for constitutional authorities failing to comply with the court's order.
Following objection to Justice Singh's appointment, on January 28, 2016, the Supreme Court retracted its decision and appointed former judge Sanjay Mishra to the office .
Lokayukta(s) of Uttar Pradesh.
Notable cases
The state lokayukta has probed many high-profile cases and some of them are mentioned below.
Submitted report on the alleged nexus between Ponty Chadha and government headed by Mayawati.
Recommended CBI investigation against prominent BSP leader Naseemuddin Siddiqui for allegedly amassing disproportionate assets.
Investigated assets case against state mining minister Gayatri Prasad Prajapati.
On January 29, 2015, two MLA's of the state assembly were disqualified by the governor on recommendation of lokayukta which indicted them for irregularities.
The lokayukta acquitted Noida based engineer Yadav Singh.
Limitations of Powers
The lokayukta cannot act on any complaint pertaining to people occupying following constitutional posts.
The Chief Justice or any judge of the High court or member of judicial services.
Officer or servant of any court.
The Accountant General, Uttar pradesh.
Chairman or any member of the Uttar pradesh Public Service Commission or its staff.
The Chief Election Commissioner, the Election Commissioner, the Regional Commissioner and the Chief Electoral Officer, Uttar Pradesh.
Any member of the secretariat staff of either House of the state legislature.
If the investigation involves internal security of the state or the disclosure of proceedings of the cabinet of the state government or any committee of that cabinet, then the person cannot be compelled to give any evidence or produce any document. The state government after consultation with the lokayukta, in view of public interest, may exempt a public servant from investigation via notification in the state gazette .
The following matters cannot be covered in the investigation conducted by the lokayukta.
Investigations related to crime.
Proceedings relating to the internal security of the state.
Actions in relation to determining whether a matter will go or will continue to be prosecuted in a court.
Action concerning commercial relations of the administration of the government or of the local authority or other corporations, except where the complainant alleged harassment in meeting contractual obligations.
Appointments related to removal, pay, disciplinary action, superannuation or other matters relating to conditions of services of public servants but not including actions relating to claims for pension, gratuity, provident fund or to any claims which arises on retirement, removal or termination of service.
Grant of honors and awards. If this is done in a confidential manner,an investigation cell may be established under the Lokayukta.
Removal
According to the Article 311 of the constitution, the lokayukta or an up-lokayukta can be removed only if found guilty in the report of committee headed by the judge of either Supreme court or Chief justice of the High court. The report is then forwarded to the Governor and then presented before the state legislature with each house of the legislature votes for the removal by 2/3 majority.
See also
Lokayukta
Lokpal
The Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013
Maharashtra Lokayukta
Karnataka Lokayukta
Goa Lokayukta
Andhra Pradesh Lokayukta
Assam Lokayukta
Telangana Lokayukta
Delhi Lokayukta
Himachal Pradesh Lokayukta
Bihar Lokayukta
West Bengal Lokayukta
Haryana Lokayukta
Chhattisgarh Lokayog
Notes
References
External links
Details of the case filed by Mohd.Saeed Siddiqui on new Lokayukta appointment
Karnataka Lokayukta
Kerala Lok Ayukta
Lokayuktas
Government of Uttar Pradesh
1977 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Government agencies established in 1977
Stauroderus is a genus of slant-faced grasshoppers in the family Acrididae. There are three described species in Stauroderus, found in the Palearctic.
Species
These three species belong to the genus Stauroderus:
Stauroderus campestris (Stål, 1861)
Stauroderus scalaris (Fischer von Waldheim, 1846)
Stauroderus yunnaneus (Uvarov, 1925)
References
Gomphocerinae
Imidazoquinoline is a tricyclic organic molecule; its derivatives and compounds are often used for antiviral and antiallergic creams.
Derivatives
Dactolisib
Imiquimod
Gardiquimod
Resiquimod
Sumanirole
References
Women Who Kill is a 2016 American comedy thriller film written and directed by Ingrid Jungermann and starring Annette O'Toole, Sheila Vand, Tami Sagher, Deborah Rush, Grace Rex, Shannon Patricia O'Neill, and Ann Carr. The film was released on July 26, 2017, by FilmRise.
Ingrid Jungermann plays Morgan, a serial killer-obsessed podcast host who begins to suspect her new girlfriend might be a killer herself.
Plot
Exes Morgan and Jean, who are extremely popular locally for their true crime podcast that focuses on female killers, continue to live and work together despite having ended their relationship.
While volunteering at a food co-op, Morgan meets Simone, a mysterious dark haired woman who gives her number to Morgan. Morgan begins dating Simone. Shortly after, the lead organizer of the food co-op, Grace, is found dead with Simone being one of the last people to see her alive. Morgan's ex Jean, who has always been suspicious of Simone, begins to suspect that Simone might be involved in Grace's death. She begins researching Simone's background, discovering her real name is Allison Walker. Jean confronts Morgan with this information and has her listen to one of their old podcasts which includes an interview of the serial killer Josephine "The Clipper" Walker and her regret for the effect her murders had on her daughter Ally.
Though initially dismissive of Jean's suspicions, Morgan begins to become frightened of Simone and her odd behaviour. She wakes up one night to Simone setting the fire alarm off in the kitchen and Morgan finds a burnt piece of a passport photo the next day. Morgan finds Simone in an anxious state rapidly clipping her fingernails on the bed and she then attempts to clip Morgan's nails. Morgan reports this to Jean who now tells her that she has done more research on Simone and does not believe that she is a murderer anymore.
After attending her best friend Alex's bachelorette party, Morgan tucks Alex into bed as she is extremely drunk from the nights festivities. Simone spends the night at Alex's partner Kim's bachelorette party. Morgan pries open a mysterious box Simone keeps in her house and discovers an elaborate nail grooming kit and boxes containing nail clippings with the six names of the girls who were killed by "The Clipper." Scared for her own life, Morgan returns to Jean's apartment and informs her of what she found. The next morning Kim arrives at the apartment to tell them that Alex is missing. Jean and Morgan fear that she has been murdered by Simone.
Jean and Morgan begin stalking Simone, hoping she will lead them to Alex's body. Instead they accidentally run into Alex who is very much alive. Alex accuses Jean and Morgan of concocting an elaborate fantasy that Simone is a killer in order to come up with an excuse to spend time together as they have unresolved feelings for one another. The two deny the accusation and angrily part from each other.
Later on, Morgan goes to see Jean whose new boyfriend tells her that Jean went to the co-op to check up on her and Simone who were supposed to have shift there. At the co-op, Morgan finds an unconscious Jean on the ground. Simone claims Jean fell on her own. Morgan assumes that Simone hurt Jean and picks up a knife off of the ground next to the nail grooming kit to defend herself. Simone asks Morgan "What if I told you I did kill those people?" and asks Morgan if she just wants a way out of their relationship. Simone suggests that she and Morgan could have a happy and fulfilled life together, reaching forward to embrace Morgan. However she ends up accidentally impaling herself on Morgan's knife. Jean regains consciousness in time to witness the stabbing, revealing that she did accidentally hurt herself and Simone was innocent.
Leaving the co-op Morgan runs into another co-op member and explains her blood-soaked sweater by revealing she "hurt some people."
As Morgan walks down the street, the audience hears Morgan and Jean's podcast as they argue over whether or not an act of murder was done in self-defense. This dialogue of Morgan defending the murderer mirrors her own belief that she killed Simone in self-defense. Jean disagrees and claims that there was no reason to murder out of self-preservation. The two decide to poll their listeners on their thoughts.
The ending of the film comments on the fact that Morgan and Jean spend all their time studying these cases but are able to disassociate from the horrendous acts without considering how it feels to be the people they profit off of in their podcast.
Cast
Ingrid Jungermann as Morgan
Ann Carr as Jean
Sheila Vand as Simone
Annette O'Toole as Lila
Tami Sagher as Celia
Deborah Rush as Grace
Grace Rex as Kim
Shannon Patricia O'Neill as Alex
Francis Benhamou as Candice
Doug Moe as Tailor
Rodrigo Lopresti as Jackson
Terence Nance as Darren
Jacqueline Antaramian as Josephine Walker
Keisha Zollar as Ginger
Ngozi Jane Anyanwu as Officer Matthews
Anna Orlova as Officer Pratt
Kim Blanck as Alicia
Jeremy Paschall as Officer Henderson
Release
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 15, 2016. The film was released on July 26, 2017, by FilmRise.
Production
Women Who Kill is A Parts and Labor presentation.
Producers: Alex Scharfman, Ingrid Jungermann
Executive producers: Cliff Chenfeld, Craig Balsam, Jim Rosenthal, Rick Milenthal, Victor Zaraya, Stacie Passon, Jay Van Hoy, Lars Knudsen
Co-producers: Lauren Brady, Eric LaFranchi.
Director Ingrid Jungermann is a proud queer filmmaker stating "I just think we are in a new wave of queer filmmaking where we can comment and make fun of ourselves honestly. That's the kind of equality I'm invested in…pure equality where we're all able to admit being screwed up in lots of different ways."
Critical Response
Rotten Tomatoes lists Women who Kill as having a score of 100% based on reviews from 13 critics. Based on reviews from 6 critics such as Variety and The New York Times, Metacritic gives Women Who Kill a 78 out of 100.
Awards
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy films
2016 LGBT-related films
2016 thriller films
2010s comedy thriller films
American comedy thriller films
2010s English-language films
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related black comedy films
LGBT-related comedy thriller films
2010s American films
Xu Mian(; born 21 February 1987 in Yangzhou) is a former female Chinese diver specializing in 10 metre platform events, the goldlist at 2001 World Championships in Fukuoka, Japan.
References
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yangzhou
Sportspeople from Jiangsu
Chinese female divers
World Aquatics Championships medalists in diving
Nanjing Sport Institute alumni
Alvin C. York Institute, also known as Alvin C. York Agricultural Institute or York Institute, is a public high school in Jamestown, Tennessee, founded as a private agricultural school in 1926 by World War I hero Alvin York and later transferred to the state of Tennessee in 1937, which continues to operate it as a public high school. It is the only comprehensive secondary school in the United States that is financed and operated by a state government.
History
Alvin C. York established the school that carries his name during the 1920s in the county seat of his home county of Fentress. His goal was to give rural children the chance to obtain a high school education. Beginning in 1919 he toured the United States raising funds for the school, using his status as a war hero to get public attention and raising a total of $10,000. He also solicited and received funds from the state legislature, which contributed $50,000, and from Fentress County, which pledged $50,000. Classes began in 1929 and the school operated privately until 1937, when financial pressures related to the Great Depression led York to transfer the school to the state of Tennessee, which continues to operate it as a public school as a living memorial to York.
Campus
The school sits on a campus of over that is said to be the world's largest public high school campus. The campus is designated as a Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency wildlife management area and includes a working farm where students participate in managing a herd of Limousin cattle. Five ponds on the campus are used for livestock watering, sport fishing, and waterfowl feeding and nesting.
Campus buildings currently in use include the Main Administration Building (c. 1980),
Social Sciences Building (a later addition to the original school), Science Building,
Alvin C. York JROTC Building (c. 1940s), and Fentress County Vocational Training Center (c. 1970s).
The Jamestown Community Center and Jamestown Community Park are located near the school on York Institute land.
Historic building
The original two-story brick administration building, built in 1928, is the centerpiece of the Alvin C. York Agricultural Institute Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The school building was replaced with a new building in the 1980s and subsequently has deteriorated. In 2005 the Tennessee Preservation Trust listed it on its yearly list of the state's "most endangered" historic sites.
In January 2008 the Tennessee Department of Education proposed that it be demolished, and estimated the cost of demolition at $3.6 million, while renovation would cost $3.7 million. Due to safety concerns, state officials blocked off access to the old building and all areas within of the walls, thus preventing the use of four classrooms in the school's current main building, which is adjacent to the original building. On July 15, 2008, an agreement was reached between the state building and education departments and the Sgt. York Patriotic Foundation, which agreed to oversee and fund the restoration of the historic structure. As of January 2010, the building had been stabilized and initial remediation was complete, at a total cost of about $1 million.
Curriculum
The school enrolls students in grades 9 through 12. It operates on a block schedule, in which the fall and spring semesters are each divided into five blocks, and students take five classes each semester. York also offers vocational programs including agriculture, automotive technology, residential construction technology, metal technology, nursing, accounting, and information management systems.
York Institute was one of nine Tennessee school districts to participate in the Appalachian Mathematics and Science Partnership, funded by the National Science Foundation with the goal enhancing science, mathematics and technology education in Appalachian region schools with low socioeconomic status and student achievement.
Dual-Enrollment
Through the efforts of a local foundation and through cooperation with Roane State Community College, York Institute is able to provide its students with undergraduate-level college coursework free of charge to all students. Classes offered include College Algebra, American History I & II, English Comp I & II, Psychology, Sociology, Spanish, etc. Students enrolled in these courses obtain both college and high-school credit and can earn up to two years worth of college credit.
Vocational Certification
The York Institute also provides a CNA certification program to all students free of charge. The students can apply for and obtain their CNA licensure after a semester of coursework and clinical observation is completed. The school also provides a classroom and shop area for the Tennessee Technological Center to offer Welding courses at the school site.
Community Education
The Alvin C. York Institute also operates a community education program. The program consists of various classes, events, and resources that are available to the community at no cost. The major goal of this project is to involve parents and community members in educational programs. Community education classes allow the community to become familiar with the school their children or grandchildren attend. A concerted effort is made to enhance the value placed on education. Courses offered range from basic to graduate level courses as well as many arts and crafts courses. Funding for this program is provided by Union Bank of Jamestown.
Extracurricular activities and clubs
Extracurricular clubs and organizations offered at York Institute include:
Chorus
Drama
Journalism
Art
Student Council
JROTC
Family Career Community Leaders of America (FCCLA)
Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA)
Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA)
Student Christian Club
Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA)
Scholars' Bowl
Future Farmers of America (FFA)
Skills USA
Envirothon
Pep Club
Math Club
English Club
Spanish Club
BETA Club
Tennessee Scholars
National Honors Society
Interact Club
Future Teachers of America
Sports
Football
Boys & Girls Basketball
Baseball
Softball
Boys & Girls Soccer
Boys & Girls Track
Boys & Girls Bowling
Boys & Girls Golf
Cross Country
Honors and awards
In 1989 York Institute was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. In 1992 it was one of 140 public secondary schools recognized by Redbook magazine as "America's Best Schools." It was a recipient of a Tennessee Department of Education 2006 Best Practices in Character Education Merit Award.
Notable alumni
Roger Crouch, astronaut
Lincoln Davis, U.S. Congressman
References
External links
York Institute website
York Institute—A Legacy in Distress by Dr. Michael E. Birdwell
National Register of Historic Places Continuation Sheet: York, Alvin C., Agricultural Institute Historic District, Fentress County, Tennessee (additional documentation), by Michael E. Birdwell (August 28, 2008)
Schools in Fentress County, Tennessee
Public high schools in Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Educational institutions established in 1926
1926 establishments in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Fentress County, Tennessee
Çatçat is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Fındıcak can refer to:
Fındıcak, Çerkeş
Fındıcak, Gemlik
Fındıcak, Mudurnu
Fındıcak, Osmancık
LungA Art Festival is an annual art and music festival held in Seyðisfjörður, East Iceland in mid-July. The festival was founded in 2000 and is organized as a week of workshops, lectures and other activities, ending with a weekend of exhibitions and concerts.
In 2013 the festival sparked the creation of the LungA School, an art school and "independent, artist led institution".
Artists / Instructors
Some of the artists and instructors who have been teaching at LungA Art Festival are:
Saga Sigurðardóttir (dancer and choreographer)
Reykjavikurdætur (Icelandic feminist rap band)
Svala Björgvins (musician)
Sóley (musician, composer and performer)
Princess Nokia
Ragnar Kjartansson
David Þor Jónsson
Henrik Vibskov
Goddur
Andri Snær Magnason
Curver
Hugleikur Dagsson
And many many more...
LungA is a part of the Keychange movement, working towards gender equality and equality in general.
References
Art festivals in Iceland
Music festivals in Iceland
Summer events in Iceland
Nürnberger Platz was a Berlin U-Bahn station on what is now the , located under the square of the same name in Wilmersdorf on the border with Charlottenburg. The station opened on 12 October 1913 and was permanently closed on 1 June 1959.
Overview
Nürnberger Platz was the first station south of Wittenbergplatz on the Wilmersdorf-Dahlem U-Bahn, which was built branching off the original U-Bahn line, the Stammstrecke. The stretch of line to Nürnberger Platz, and that station, fell within the borders of Charlottenburg and was paid for by the Hochbahngesellschaft, the operators of the existing U-Bahn; the remainder of the line was paid for by Wilmersdorf, then a developing settlement independent of Berlin. The station was therefore designed by Alfred Grenander and resembled that at Uhlandstraße, built at about the same time. It had a centre platform with entrances at each end, oval station name plaques with green borders, and steel columns supporting the roof over the platform. However, the north entrance, like the rest of the extension, was designed by the Wilmersdorf architect Wilhelm Leitgebel, who gave it a stone enclosure in keeping with the prestige blocks of flats around the square. By the 1920s this had already been replaced by a simple steel structure.
The area around the station was so severely damaged by World War II bombing that it was completely cleared on the 23/24 August 1943 and 28/29 January 1944. The station was repaired and returned to service, but when the G Line (today U9) was built in the 1950s, an interchange station was built at Spichernstraße, using the shunting and turnaround area of Nürnberger Platz, and the Nürnberger Platz station, only one or two hundred metres to the north, closed the day before it opened on 2 June 1959. However, the 1100 m between Spichernstraße and Wittenbergplatz was judged to be too great a distance for city centre stations, so a new station, Augsburger Straße, was opened between them in 1961.
Nothing remains of the Nürnberger Platz station; the site is now itself used for a shunting and turnaround area.
References
External links
Nürnberger Platz and surroundings on a 1932 Berlin street plan
Berlin U-Bahn stations
Buildings and structures in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1913
Railway stations closed in 1959
Polaromonas aquatica is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Polaromonas, which was isolated from tap water.
References
External links
Type strain of Polaromonas aquatica at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Comamonadaceae
Bacteria described in 2005
Frank Bond (1863–1945) was a Canadian businessman and entrepreneur.
Frank Bond may also refer to:
Frank Bond (politician) (1856–1931), Australian politician
Frank Bond Centre
See also
Francis Bond (disambiguation)
Alice Cooper and Friends was a live music television special starring Alice Cooper. Broadcast in the United States in September 1977, it was released on VHS in 1978. This rare video has a running time of 52 minutes, of which 25 minutes feature Cooper. It also features live footage of The Tubes, Nazareth and Sha Na Na.
Alice Cooper and Friends was filmed in concert on 19 June 1977 at the Anaheim Stadium in California. This was the first night of Cooper's "King of the Silver Screen" tour, in support of his album Lace and Whiskey. The special captured a very drunken and lethargic performance by Cooper, which he himself has dismissed as his worst performance. The video does include the infamous Chickens with Machine Guns sequence during the song "Lace and Whiskey". This special was the only commercially released video footage from that tour.
The video of the special has been discontinued since its original release, and has not been issued on DVD. Used copies regularly appear for sale online.
Alice Cooper songs performed
"School's Out"
"Is It My Body?" (excerpt)
"Under My Wheels" (excerpt)
"A Billion Dollar Babies" (excerpt)
"You and Me"
"Only Women Bleed" (excerpt)
"Lace and Whiskey"
"I Love the Dead"
References
External links
Alice Cooper
Music television specials
Amesdale is an unincorporated place and community in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. It is on the Canadian National Railway (CNR) transcontinental main line, between Niddrie to the west and Richan to the east, and is passed but not served by Via Rail transcontinental Canadian trains. It is also at the junction of a former CNR railway branch line through Ear Falls to Bruce Lake, Ontario that serviced the Griffith iron ore mine.
References
Communities in Kenora District
Joseph Giry de Saint Cyr, also known as Odet-Joseph de Vaux de Giry (14 February 1699, Lyon – 13 January 1761, Versailles) was a French clergyman. His name remains associated with the "cacouacs", a mocking term for the Encyclopédistes.
1699 births
1761 deaths
French abbots
Clergy from Lyon
Members of the Académie Française
László L. Simon (born 28 March 1972) is a Hungarian writer, poet and politician, who served as Secretary of State for Culture of the Ministry of Human Resources from 18 June 2012 to 15 February 2013.
Life
He finished his secondary studies in the Teleki Blanka Grammar School in Székesfehérvár. He graduated as a history and literature teacher from the Eötvös Loránd University. He was Chairman of the Union of Young Writers between 1998 and 2004. He was the Secretary of the Hungarian Writers' Association from 2004 to 2010. He edited the Magyar Műhely, Kortárs and Kommentár journals. He served as chief editor of the Szépirodalmi Figyelő until 2007.
He served as Chairman of the Committee on Education and Culture in the Fejér County General Assembly. He was elected to the National Assembly of Hungary for Gárdony (Fejér County Constituency IV) as a candidate of the Fidesz. He was Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee for Culture and Press Freedom from 14 May 2010 to 18 June 2012. Miklós Réthelyi appointed him President of the Committee of the Hungarian Cultural Fund on 15 October 2011, replacing Marcell Jankovics. After the resignation of Géza Szőcs, the new minister Zoltán Balog appointed him as Secretary of State for Culture on 18 June 2012. He served for eight months but was replaced due to "habitual differences" with the Minister. L. Simon was elected Chairman of the Committee for Culture and Press Freedom for the second time on 1 March 2013.
From 15 June 2014 to 5 July 2016, he was Secretary of State for Cultural Heritage Protection and Capital Projects within the Prime Minister's Office. He was also Government Commissioner responsible for the renovation of the Buda Castle District and member of the WW1 Centenary Memorial Committee from October 2013. He was dismissed by minister János Lázár.
L. Simon was made Ministerial Commissioner responsible for the renewal of the Hungarian National Museum and the preparation of museum integration on 15 April 2021 with a mandate to 30 April 2022. He was appointed Director-General of the Hungarian National Museum on 31 July 2021. As a result, he resigned from his parliamentary seat.
Works
(visszavonhatatlanul…) (Árgus Kiadó – Orpheusz Kiadó, 1996)
Egy paradigma lehetséges részlete (Magyar Műhely, 1996)
met AMorf ózis (Orpheusz Kiadó, 2000)
Secretum sigillum Magyar Műhely Kiadó, 2003.
Nem lokalizálható (Orpheusz Kiadó - Magyar Műhely Kiadó, 2003.)
Hidak a Dunán (Ráció Kiadó, 2005)
Édes szőlő, tüzes bor. A Velencei-tó környékének szőlő- és borkultúrája (with László Lukács and Lajos Ambrus; Ráció Kiadó - Velencei-tó Környékéért Alapítvány, 2005)
Versenyhátrány. A (kultúr)politika fogságában (Kortárs Kiadó, 2007)
Háromlábú lovat etető lány (with Tibor Palkó; Ráció Kiadó, 2009)
Japán hajtás (Kortárs Kiadó – Fiatal Írók Szövetsége, 2008.)
A római szekér. Kulturális politika – politikai kultúra (Ráció Kiadó, 2010)
Személyes történelem (Ráció Kiadó, 2011)
Szubjektív ikonosztáz (Ráció Kiadó, 2012)
References
Sources
1972 births
Living people
Hungarian journalists
Hungarian male poets
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
People from Székesfehérvár
20th-century Hungarian poets
20th-century Hungarian male writers
21st-century Hungarian poets
21st-century Hungarian male writers
The GCR Class 5 (LNER Class J62) was a class of twelve steam tank locomotives designed by Harry Pollitt (engineer) for work in docks operated by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) later renamed Great Central Railway (GCR).
History
These locomotives were designed by Pollitt for working at Grimsby and other dock locations. (No. 891 was the last engine to be built by the MS&LR, and No. 892 the first engine to be built by the GCR both in 1897.) They passed to the London and North Eastern Railway at the grouping in 1923 and received the LNER classification J62. Withdrawals began in 1935, but there were three examples surviving in 1948 which passed to British Railways ownership. The last example was withdrawn in 1951.
One example (No. 889) was rebuilt in 1903 as an but reverted to its original form in 1918 after a collision.
Bibliography
External links
The Pollitt J62 (GCR Class 5) 0-6-0ST Locomotives— LNER Encyclopedia
05
0-6-0ST locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1897
Scrapped locomotives
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Shunting locomotives
Lake County Tuberculosis Sanatorium, Nurses Home and Superintendent's House is a historic tuberculosis sanatorium located at Crown Point, Lake County, Indiana. The Nurses Home was built in 1930, and is a three-story, Georgian Revival style brick building on a raised concrete basement. It has a hipped roof with pediment. It features a three-bay projecting entrance portico with an arcade and variation of Corinthian order pilasters. The Superintendent's House was built in 1930, and is a -story, Colonial Revival style brick building with a one-story flat roofed wing. The Lake County Tuberculosis Sanatorium closed around 1971.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005, with a boundary increase in 2013.
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Georgian Revival architecture in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Hospital buildings completed in 1930
Houses completed in 1930
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Bistrica (Cyrillic: Бистрица) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 585.
References
Populated places in Zenica
St. Elizabeth of Hungary Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church is located at 114 Louisiana Highway 403 in Paincourtville, Louisiana, in Assumption Parish. In 2000 the ecclesiastical parish of St. Elizabeth was clustered with St. Jules in Bell Rose, also in the Diocese of Baton Rouge.
History
Antoine Blanc, Bishop of New Orleans, blessed the first church in 1840, but the first permanent pastor was not installed until 1844. The first church was destroyed by fire in 1854 and replaced with a larger wooden church, which was replaced by the current church in 1902.
In 1876, Fr. Jean Baptiste La Saichere, pastor, wrote to the Sisters of Mount Carmel asking for sisters to come to Paincourtville to teach girls. The parish acquired land and built a convent and school for boarding and day students. The school was quickly oversubscribed, and moved to a new building the following year. In 1964, the sisters sold the school to the diocese, which continues to operate it as an interparochial school.
Architecture
The church was modeled after that of Ploubalay, France, from which the La Saicherre brothers, past parish priests, had originated. It is a brick Basilica plan Gothic-style structure with twin towers. It was originally topped with spires, but these were blown down in the 1909 Grand Isle hurricane and never replaced.
Its gable front has a small rose window. Its interior has a small transept, three semi-hexagonal apses, and stained glass windows dating mainly to between 1906 and 1910. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Assumption Parish, Louisiana
References
External links
Churches in Assumption Parish, Louisiana
Roman Catholic churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1902
Gothic Revival church buildings in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Assumption Parish, Louisiana
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Religious organizations established in 1844
Hayden Rhys Hackney (born 26 June 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for EFL Championship club Middlesbrough.
Early life
Hackney was born in Redcar.
Club career
He joined Middlesbrough's academy at under-10 level. Having been part of the Middlesbrough team that reached the under-18 Premier League Cup final in 2019, he signed his first professional contract with the club on 26 June 2019, his 17th birthday. Shortly after being named on the first-team bench for a match against Barnsley in November 2019, he was praised by Middlesbrough manager Jonathan Woodgate, with Woodgate claiming "Hayden Hackney deserves to be there because he's been outstanding for the Under-23s". He made his senior debut on 9 January 2021, starting in a 2–1 FA Cup defeat away to Brentford. He made his league debut for the club in the final match of the season as a substitute in a 3–0 defeat to Wycombe Wanderers. He signed a new two-year contract with the club later that month.
On 31 August 2021, Hackney joined EFL League Two side Scunthorpe United on loan until January 2022. After playing in the majority of games in the first half of the season, Hackney's loan was extended to last until the end of the season. In the 15th minute of a 2–0 defeat to Exeter City, Hackney was caught spitting at an opponent. The referee did not see this at the time, but after the game, the Football Association confirmed that Hackney had admitted to spitting and was given a six game suspension.
International career
Hackney has represented England at under-15 level.
Style of play
Hackney plays as a central midfielder. He often plays as a deep-lying playmaker due to his ability in possession of the ball.
Career statistics
References
2002 births
Living people
People from Redcar
Footballers from North Yorkshire
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
English Football League players
Berçinyayalar is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Ottaviano della Raverta or Ottaviano della Rovere (died 1561) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1545–1561), twice the Apostolic Nuncio to Spain (1560 and 1561), and Apostolic Nuncio to Switzerland (1553–1560).
Biography
On 27 November 1545, Ottaviano della Raverta was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
In 1553, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius III as Apostolic Nuncio to Switzerland; he resigned on 28 November 1560.
In Jun 1561, he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Spain and resigned soon after in Oct 1561.
On 10 March 1560, he was once again appointed during the papacy of Pope Pius IV as Apostolic Nuncio to Spain; he resigned in October 1561.
He served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until his death in October 1561.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius III
Bishops appointed by Pope Pius IV
1561 deaths
Apostolic Nuncios to Spain
Apostolic Nuncios to Switzerland
Year of birth missing
Oscar Rudolph (April 2, 1911 – February 1, 1991) was an American film and television director, producer, and actor.
Life and career
Rudolph was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1924 moved to Southern California with his family. He started his Hollywood entertainment career as a bit actor at the age of 14. His first film was Little Annie Rooney (1925), which starred legendary silent film actress Mary Pickford. He appeared in a total of 36 films in mostly uncredited or bit roles from 1925 to 1947, when he appeared in his last role in the film Easy Come, Easy Go.
Rudolph was a director from the early 1940s to the mid 1970s. He began as an assistant director on a number of films throughout the 1940s and then made the transition to the burgeoning genre of television in the 1950s. He was supervising the second unit of The Flight of the Phoenix when stunt pilot Paul Mantz was killed in a crash in July 1965.
Rudolph directed episodes of more than 500 television shows, including The Donna Reed Show, The Lone Ranger, McHale's Navy, The Phyllis Diller Show, My Favorite Martian, Batman, and The Brady Bunch. His film credits as director included Rocket Man (1954), Twist Around the Clock (1961), and Don't Knock the Twist (1962).
Death
Rudolph died at Encino Hospital Medical Center in Encino, California of complications following a stroke. He was survived by his wife of 53 years, Sylvia; son Alan Rudolph, a film director, screenwriter and producer; and a daughter.
Partial filmography
Little Annie Rooney (1925)
So This Is College (1929)
Their Own Desire (1929)
Divorce in the Family (1932)
This Day and Age (1933)
College Scandal (1935)
The Rocket Man (1954)
Twist Around the Clock (1961)
Don't Knock the Twist (1962)
The Wild Westerners (1962)
References
External links
1911 births
1991 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American television directors
Television producers from Ohio
American male screenwriters
American male child actors
Male actors from Cleveland
Film directors from Ohio
20th-century American businesspeople
Screenwriters from Ohio
Film producers from Ohio
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
The 2010–11 Bulgarian Cup was the 29th official season of the Bulgarian annual football knockout tournament. The competition began in September 2010 with the matches of the Preliminary Round and ended the final in May 2011. Beroe Stara Zagora are the defending champions.
The winners of the competition will qualify for the play-off round of the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League.
Participating clubs
The following teams will compete in the cup: (Teams in bold are still active in the competition)
Calendar for remaining rounds
The calendar for the remaining rounds of the 2010–11 Bulgarian Cup, as announced by the BFL.
Round 1: 27 October 2010
Round 2: 20 November 2010
Round 3: 4 December 2010
Quarter-finals: 5–7 April 2011
Semi-finals: 20–21 April 2011
Final: 25 May 2011
First round
The draw was conducted on 18 October 2010. The matches will be played on 27 October 2010. On this stage the participants will be the 24 teams from the two second divisions and the 8 winners from the regional amateur competitions. The team from the lower league has home advantage.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2010–11 season.
Second round
The matches will be played on 20 November 2010. On this stage the participants will be the 16 winners from the first round and the 16 teams from A Grupa. The team from the lower league has home advantage.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2010–11 season.
Third round
The matches will be played on 4 December 2010. On this stage the participants will be the 16 winners from the second round. The team from the lower league has home advantage.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2010–11 season.
Quarterfinals
On this stage the participants will be the 8 winners from the third round.
Semifinals
On this stage participants will be the 4 winners from the quarterfinals.
Final
See also
2010–11 A Group
2010–11 B Group
2010–11 V AFG
References
Bulgarian Cup seasons
Bulgarian Cup
Cup
Floyd E. Wagner (June 13, 1898September 28, 1983) is an American politician from Michigan.
Early life and education
Wagner was born on June 13, 1898 in Cass County, Michigan. Wagner attended the South Bend College of Commerce.
Career
Wagner served as chairman of the War Price Rationing Board. Wagner served as postmaster in Vandalia for five years. Wagner served as the clerk of Cass County from 1941 to 1958. Wagner served in other positions in local government, and served on various school, village and township boards. On November 4, 1958, Wagner was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives, where represented the St. Joseph County district from January 14, 1959 to December 31, 1964. In 1965, the state house went from county based districts to numbered districts. For Wagner's last term in the state house, Wagner represented the newly created 42nd district from January 13, 1965 to December 31, 1966.
Personal life
On September 8, 1917, Wagner married Esther Z. English. Together, they had four children. Wagner was a Freemason and a member of the Elks.
Death
Wagner died in Cassopolis, Michigan on September 28, 1983.
References
1898 births
1983 deaths
American Freemasons
Michigan postmasters
County officials in Michigan
Michigan Republicans
People from Cass County, Michigan
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
School board members in Michigan
20th-century American politicians
Jay Warren Martin (born September 8, 1944) is an American former ski jumper. In 1968 he won the national title, and placed 43rd in the large hill event at the 1968 Winter Olympics. In retirement he worked for the Minneapolis Ski Club, and was active as a ski judge. His younger brother Jerry also became an Olympic ski jumper.
References
1944 births
Living people
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Saccharina is a genus of 24 species of Phaeophyceae (brown algae). It is found in the north Atlantic Ocean and the northern Pacific Ocean at depths from 8 m to 30 m (exceptionally to 120 m in the warmer waters of the Mediterranean Sea and off Brazil).
The commercially important species Saccharina japonica (Laminaria japonica) is cultivated as kombu, a popular food in Japan.
Species
The following is a list of the 24 species of Saccharina:
Saccharina angustata (Kjellman) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina angustissima (Collins) Augyte, Yarish & Neefus
Saccharina bongardiana (Postels & Ruprecht) Selivanova, Zhigadlova & G.I. Hansen
Saccharina cichorioides (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina coriacea (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina complanata (Setchell & N.L.Gardner) Gabrielson, Lindstrom & O'Kelly
Saccharina crassifolia (Postels & Ruprecht) Kuntze
Saccharina dentigera (Kjellman) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina groenlandica (Rosenvinge) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina gurjanovae (A.D. Zinova) Selivanova, Zhigadlova & G.I. Hansen
Saccharina gyrata (Kjellman) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina japonica (J.E. Areschoug) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina kurilensis C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina lanciformis (Petrov) N.G.Klockova & Beliyi
Saccharina latissima (Linnaeus) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina longicruris (Bachelot de la Pylaie) Kuntze
Saccharina longipedales (Okamura) C.E. Lane, C. Maves, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina longissima (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina ochotensis (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina religiosa (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina sachalinensis (Miyabe) N.Yotsukura & L.D.Druehl
Saccharina sculpera (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
Saccharina sessilis (C. Agardh) Kuntze
Saccharina yendoana (Miyabe) C.E. Lane, C. Mayes, Druehl & G.W. Saunders
References
External links
Laminariaceae
Laminariales genera
Taxa named by John Stackhouse
John Aylmer (died 5 April 1672) was born in Hampshire, educated at Winchester College, and admitted as a perpetual fellow of New College, Oxford, after two years of probation. In 1652, he took degrees in civil law, that of doctor being completed in 1663, being then and before accounted an excellent Grecian, and a good Greek and Latin poet, as appears by this book, which he composed when a young man: Musae sacrae seu Jonas, Jeremiae Threni, & Daniel Graeco redditi Carmine (Oxon. 1652. oct.), and also by diverse Greek and Latin verses, dispersed in various books. He died at Petersfield on Good Friday, 5 April 1672, and was buried in the church at Havant in Hampshire.
Sources
Wood, Anthony A. and Philip Bliss. Athenae Oxonienses: an Exact History of all the Writers and Bishops who Have Had their Education in the University of Oxford; to which Are Added the Fasti, or, Annals of the Said University / by Anthony A Wood; with Additions, and a Continuation by Philip Bliss. new ed. London [et al.]: Rivington; Parker, 1813–1820. 6 pts. in 4 vols.
1672 deaths
Hellenists
English classical scholars
Writers from Hampshire
People educated at Winchester College
Fellows of New College, Oxford
Burials in Hampshire
Year of birth unknown
English male poets
17th-century English poets
Sphodromantis quinquecallosa is a species of praying mantis found in Africa.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
quinquecallosa
Mantodea of Africa
Insects described in 1916
Çayırbaşı is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Yaakov Choueka, better known by his stage name Yaakov Shwekey, is an Orthodox Jewish recording artist and musical entertainer. He is of Egyptian and Syrian Sephardic heritage from his father's side; and Ashkenazi from his mother's side.
Family and early life
Yaakov Shwekey was born in Jerusalem to an Ashkenazi Jewish mother raised in the United States, and a Sephardi Jewish father born in Cairo to a family from a Syrian background. His parents had met and married in New York City. In his early years, Shewkey lived in the Bayit VeGan neighborhood of Jerusalem, but he eventually moved to Polanco, Mexico City, and attended Yeshiva Ateret Yosef. He later lived in Lakewood, NJ, and Brooklyn, NY, and attended Yeshiva of Brooklyn before moving to Long Branch, NJ. As a child, he sang in the Ateret Yosef Choir in Mexico City, and he and his brother Yisroel Meir sang with the Miami Boys Choir for a short period of time. In his young adult years, Shwekey learned in Rabbi Menachem Davidowitz's yeshiva (TIUNY) in Rochester, NY. After learning for a few years in the Deal kollel and his consequent marriage, Shwekey launched his professional career as a singer.
Musical style
Shwekey's songs and lyrics are generally composed by others. Until late 2015, his albums were produced by Yochi Briskman, and distributed in the US by Aderet Music, and in Israel by JMI. Going forward, he has produced his own albums with Yitzy Waldner. Many different arrangers have arranged his albums in the past including Moshe Laufer, Mona Rosenblum, Yanky Briskman, Leib Yaakov Rigler, and Yisroel Lamm. Until 2006 Shwekey's primary studio was "Studio X" (run by Yochi Briskman, engineered by AJ Greenwald); today, some of his recording is done in his private home studio.
One of his best-known songs is Racheim (Have Compassion), composed by Pinky Weber. The lyrics are from the grace after meals, asking God to have mercy on the Jewish nation and the city of Jerusalem. As Shwekey describes this song, "It's a prayer. It's not just a song. We connect with God and ask Him to have mercy." In 2008/2009 Vehi She'omdah, composed by Yonatan Razel and debuted on his Live in Caesaria concert DVD, and later rerecorded on Ad Bli Dai, became a major hit. Many of his songs, including Shomati (from the Talmud) composed by Yossi Green, and Im Eshkacheich, from Psalm 137, composed by Yochanan Shapiro, have found considerable popularity as Jewish wedding songs. His latest hits are: Cry No More, Ra'u Banim, Bo'ee Be'shalom, Lo Ya'avod, Am Yisrael, and Et Rekod, among others. From his album We are a Miracle, the songs Maamin Bensim, Smachot, Maran Sheli, and Inshallah were met with critical acclaim and can be heard across the world at Jewish events and celebrations and in Jewish homes, schools, and camps everywhere. He sang a new tune, composed by Yitzy Waldner, to Mi Shebeirach a prayer globally recited for soldiers in the IDF, in the Nokia Stadium, Tel Aviv in 2013, in the presence of many Israeli soldiers. In June 2018, Shwekey released Musica, on which he displayed a variety of styles, with lyrics in multiple languages.
Recent projects
Shwekey released his tenth solo studio album in June 2018. Entitled Musica, it was Shwekey's second self-produced solo album (the first being We Are a Miracle), though in the credits, Shwekey credited Yitzy Waldner with being his co-producer. Waldner also composed most of the album's songs, with most of the lyrics for the album written by longtime lyricist Miriam Israeli. Additionally, Waldner made a guest appearance on the album's second song, Tefilat Hashla, as can be seen on music steaming service Spotify's catalogue of the album's songs.
Another album release was in 2019, “Those Were The Days 2”, a medley album featuring past hits and classics from various sources and arranged by different composers.
On 19 April 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, Shwekey collaborated with popular Chabad-Lubavitch rabbi and speaker Rabbi Y.Y. Jacobson, both working from home, to stream a free online live concert on YouTube. The reason for this, Shwekey said, was to "make people happy, because that's what God gave me the ability to do". The concert was viewed 138 thousand times within its first three weeks online, and is still available on YouTube, accessible via the original link.
Concert controversy
In August 2007, Shwekey and Avraham Fried were slated to headline a major concert in Jerusalem at Teddy Stadium. The event was produced by Moshe Ben-Zimra and billed as a commemoration of the 40th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem.
Leading Haredi rabbis, including Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv, the Gerrer Rebbe, the Belzer Rebbe, Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman, Rabbi Shmuel Wosner, and Rabbi Chaim Pinchas Scheinberg signed a ban which appeared in the Haredi press forbidding participation or attendance of the event or similar events. Their ban stated that concerts should not be performed in front of both men and women, regardless if there was separate seating.
Shwekey issued a response that he had already posed the question to Rabbi Ovadia Yosef when an earlier concert featuring him, along with Mordechai Ben David, was also banned. Rabbi Yosef responded that there is absolutely no prohibition as long as the event had completely separate seating. Neither Shwekey nor Fried pulled out of the concert.
Notable duet concerts
In July 2019, Shwekey and Omer Adam sang a duet together. Yaakov Shwekey headlined a concert together with Shlomi Shabbat at Live Park in Rishon Letzion, Israel and Nokia Arena in Tel Aviv. On February 25, 2020, Yaakov Shwekey and Kobi Peretz headlined a concert together at the Pais Arena in Jerusalem. Yaakov Shwekey and Ishay Ribo performed together at a recent concert in Israel. Yaakov Shwekey and Hanan Ben-Ari performed live in Tel Aviv together in 2016.
Shwekey has been praised for his ability to collaborate with Jewish musicians of various backgrounds and for having the rare ability to reach Jews from all corners of the Jewish world. He is widely considered one of the most popular Jewish religious singers in the world today.
Personal life and philanthropy
He and his wife Jenine and their six children live in Long Branch, NJ. Jenine is the co-founder of the Special Children's Center in Lakewood, New Jersey, a respite and support program for special needs children, and Shwekey also volunteers much time and energy to this philanthropic endeavor. All proceeds of his single I Can Be were donated to the center. In an interview with Yated Ne'eman, Shwekey said, "I'm convinced that the success I've experienced in my music career is all because of our work with these special children."
Shwekey had a close relationship with Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, and his single Maran Sheli is dedicated to his memory.
Endorsement of Donald Trump
In August 2020, Shwekey held a concert at the Orthodox summer camp Camp Teumim Mesivta in Pennsylvania and performed "We Are America", a version of his 2016 single "We Are A Miracle" with new lyrics endorsing President Donald Trump's reelection campaign. The new lyrics had been written by Mishpacha editor Yisroel Besser for a Trump fundraiser earlier that summer at the home of late Trump donor Stanley Chera, and Shwekey would later film a music video for this version of the song. Video of the Teumim Mesivta performance, which showed Shwekey performing the song to an apparently unmasked audience and ended with chants of "U.S.A! U.S.A!", went viral online and was received critically by some non-Orthodox sources.
Discography
In addition, Shwekey appears on the following albums:
Yonasan Weiss with The Yeshiva Boys Choir, 1988 (Child Solo on "Maher")
Torah Today (Miami Boys Choir), 1990 (Member of the Boys Choir)
Shuvu El Hashem (R' Shmuel Brazil), 2000 ("Kechu", "Kerasicha", "Im Eshkachech", "Shuvi Nafshi", and "Yerushalayim")
Dance With Neginah 5 (Neginah Orchestra), 2001 ("Zoche" and "Hora Medley")
Dance With the Stars, 2002 ("Zoche")
The Best of The Best 2 (Gideon Levine), 2002 ("Al Tiktzof")
Miami 25 (Miami Boys Choir), 2002 ("Racheim" duet with Child Soloist Mordechai Shapiro)
Journeys 4 (Abie Rotenberg), 2002 ("Mama Rachel")
A Time for Music XVIII (HASC), 2005 ("Ben Bag Bag", "Mama Rachel", "Ki Hatov", "Rebono", and "Finale")
Vezakeni (Baruch Levine), 2006 ("Vehu Keili")
Eternity (Oorah), 2006 ("Eternity")
A Time for Music XIX (HASC), 2006 ("Yedid" and "Finale")
Harei Yehuda (Yehuda Gilden), 2008 ("Yehi Shalom")
A Time for Music XXII (HASC), 2009 ("Emes", "Tatte", "Leshem Shomayim", "Vehu Keili", "Mi K'amcha Yisrael", "Carlebach Medley", "Rachem Medley", "Ma Ma Ma", and "Finale")
Mona 7 (Mona Rosenblum), 2017 ("Uteshuva U'Tefilah Utzedakah")
Shir 3 (Shlomo Yehuda Rechnitz), 2021 ("Achas")
References
External links
Interview with Yaakov Shwekey on Jewish Community Radio
1977 births
Living people
American Orthodox Jews
American people of Egyptian-Jewish descent
American people of Syrian-Jewish descent
American Sephardic Jews
American Ashkenazi Jews
Hasidic entertainers
Jewish American musicians
Jewish singers
Musicians from Brooklyn
People from Deal, New Jersey
Yiddish-language singers
Orthodox pop musicians
RPM was a Canadian magazine that published the best-performing singles of Canada from 1964 to 2000. A total of twenty singles reached number one on the RPM Singles Chart in 1992. The year began with "No Son of Mine" by Genesis at the top spot and ended with Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You" at the summit. Seven acts obtained their first Canadian number-one hit as either a solo or featured artist: Mr. Big, Vanessa Williams, Celine Dion, Trey Lorenz, Patty Smyth, Annie Lennox, and Alannah Myles. Genesis, U2, Elton John, and Eric Clapton each achieved two number-one singles during the year.
The best-performing single of the year in Canada was "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough", a duet between Patty Smyth and Don Henley, which topped the chart for seven weeks in September and October. Three Canadian acts scored a number-one single this year: Bryan Adams, Celine Dion, and Alannah Myles. Best known for her 1989 hit "Black Velvet", Myles' highest-charting song in her home country is "Song Instead of a Kiss", which topped the Canadian chart for four weeks in November and December. Celine Dion also picked up her first homeland chart-topper with "If You Asked Me To", which stayed at number one for three nonconsecutive weeks.
U2 remained at number one for six weeks with their two number-one singles—"Mysterious Ways" and "One"—while Elton John and Mr. Big each topped the chart for five weeks with their hit records. Mariah Carey and Trey Lorenz also had a five-week stint at number one with "I'll Be There", and George Michael and Madonna both logged three weeks at the summit this year.
Chart history
Notes
See also
1992 in music
RPM number-one albums of 1992
References
External links
Read about RPM Magazine at the AV Trust
Search RPM charts here at Library and Archives Canada
1992 record charts
1992
Greene County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 42,090. The county seat is Paragould, which sits atop Crowley's Ridge.
Greene County is included in Jonesboro–Paragould Combined Statistical Area.
History
The first settler in the area was Benjamin Crowley, who arrived from Kentucky in 1821 and made his home about west of Paragould.
Greene County was formed on 5 November 1833 out of portions of Lawrence County and originally contained parts of present Clay and Craighead counties. The county was named for Revolutionary War hero Nathanael Greene. The first county seat was in Benjamin Crowley's home. By 1836, when Arkansas became a state, the county seat was located in a settlement called "Paris" (not to be confused with present-day Paris, Arkansas).
In 1848 a national highway was made through the area, and the county seat was moved to Gainesville, which had a reputation as rather lawless. The seat remained there until 1883, when it was transferred to the new town of Paragould. The people in Gainesville opposed the move, and shots reportedly were fired, since tempers were high. The courthouse was built in 1888 and survives in downtown Paragould.
In the early 20th century, Clay, Greene, and Craighead counties had policies forbidding African Americans from living in the area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 49
U.S. Highway 49 Business
U.S. Highway 49Y
U.S. Highway 63
U.S. Highway 412
U.S. Highway 412 Business
Highway 1
Highway 34
Highway 69
Highway 90
Highway 135
Highway 139
Highway 141
Highway 168
Highway 228
Highway 351
Highway 358
Adjacent counties
Clay County (north)
Dunklin County, Missouri (east)
Craighead County (south)
Lawrence County (southwest)
Randolph County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 45,736 people, 17,254 households, and 12,280 families residing in the city.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 42,090 people living in the county. The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% White, 0.6% Black, 0.5% Native American, 0.3% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, <0.1% from some other race and 1.1% from two or more races. 2.1% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 37,331 people, 14,750 households, and 10,708 families living in the county. The population density was 65 people per square mile (25/km2). There were 16,161 housing units at an average density of 28 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.45% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.47% from other races, and 1.34% from two or more races. 1.16% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,750 households, out of which 33.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.20% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 28.70% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,828, and the median income for a family was $37,316. Males had a median income of $27,535 versus $20,375 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,403. About 9.90% of families and 13.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.40% of those under age 18 and 12.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles, Greene County has swung hard towards the GOP. The last Democrat to carry this county was Al Gore in 2000. Twenty years later, Joe Biden failed to even garner twenty percent of the county's vote.
Communities
Cities
Marmaduke
Paragould
Towns
Delaplaine
Lafe
Oak Grove Heights
Unincorporated communities
Beech Grove
Cotton Belt
Fontaine
Gainesville
Hopewell
Light
Walcott
Walnut Corner
Townships
Blue Cane
Breckenridge (Lafe)
Bryan
Cache
Clark (most of Paragould)
Collier
Crowley
Evening Shade
Friendship
Hays
Hopewell
Hurricane (Marmaduke)
Jones (Delaplaine)
Lake
Main Shore
Poland
Reynolds
St. Francis (small part of Paragould)
Salem
Shady Grove
Spring Grove (part of Paragould)
Sugar Creek
Union (Oak Grove Heights)
Walnut Corner
Education
School districts include:
Greene County Technical School District
Marmaduke School District
Paragould School District
It consists of the boundary of the original Paragould School District, plus the Oak Grove School district, which merged with the former Paragould district on July 1, 1985, and the Stanford School District. The new merged district was originally called the Northeast Arkansas School District; b 1997 the name of the new district became the Paragould School District.
Rector School District
The Greenway School District and the former Rector District merged into the Clay County Central School District on July 1, 1984. The name of the merged district later became the Rector School District.
Former districts:
Delaplaine School District - Consolidated into Greene County Technical in 2004.
See also
Lake Frierson State Park
List of lakes in Greene County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County, Arkansas
References
External links
Greene County Online
Paragould Regional Chamber of Commerce
1833 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1833
Jonesboro-Paragould Combined Statistical Area
Sundown towns in Arkansas
Sir Robin Catford, (11 January 1923 – 27 May 2008) was a British civil servant who served as the Prime Minister's Appointments Secretary to Margaret Thatcher and John Major.
Early life
Sir Robin attended Hampton Grammar School before reading Agriculture at St Andrews University and St John's College, Cambridge.
Career
After Cambridge, Sir Robin joined the Sudan Civil Service for nine years. On his return to Britain, he entered industry and worked for Fisons.
In 1966, he joined the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries as Principal Secretary, eventually becoming under-secretary in 1979.
In 1982, Sir Robin was appointed Prime Minister's Appointments Secretary, succeeding Colin Vyvyan Peterson. He was responsible for advising the Prime Minister on Crown appointments. These largely consisted of senior Church of England appointments but also included, for instance, the selection of Ted Hughes to succeed John Betjeman as Poet Laureate.
In 1988, Sir Robin helped Margaret Thatcher to write her "Sermon on the Mound" speech.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1990 and a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1993.
Personal life
He married Daphne Georgina Darby in 1948. She died in 2005. Sir Robin and Lady Catford together had three sons and a daughter.
His recreations were listed in Who's Who as "Sailing, theatre, travel, arts, avoiding gardening".
He was a devout Anglican and a member of the Diocesan Synod of Chichester.
References
1923 births
2008 deaths
English civil servants
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Varvara Vasilyevna Panina (Варва′ра Васи′льевна Па′нина; 1872, Moscow, Russian Empire, - May 28, 1911, Moscow, Russian Empire) was a Russian singer of Romani origins, famous for her deep contralto, one of the Russian popular music stars of the early 20th century.
Biography
Varvara Vasilyeva (her birth name) was born to the family of Gypsy horse traders, based in Moscow. She started singing at the age of 14, first in the Gypsy choir directed by Alexandra Panina, at the Strelna restaurant. Having married Panina's nephew Fyodor Artemyevich Panin, she moved to the Moscow Yar restaurant, famous for its Gypsy concerts. In 1902 Varya Panina debuted on stage at the Saint Petersburg's Dvoryanskoye Sobranye (The Gentry Assembly) and had her first success. Since then she performed only on stage, giving solo concerts, performing Gypsy songs and Russian romances to rapturous response. Among her fans were poet Alexander Blok, writers Leo Tolstoy, Alexander Kuprin, Anton Chekhov, painter Konstantin Korovin and members of the Russian Royal family. Panina has made numerous recordings of which more than 50 remained. She died of a heart attack on May 28, 1911, and was buried at the Vagankovo cemetery.
References
1872 births
1911 deaths
19th-century women singers of the Russian Empire
Singers from Moscow
Burials at Vagankovo Cemetery
Romani singers
The Women's 100 metre backstroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 20 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 19 June at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 19 June at 18:56.
Final
The final was held on 20 June at 18:51.
References
Women's 100 metre backstroke
The Jesuit origins of Stonyhurst College in Lancashire, England, have enabled it to amass a large collection of books, a number of which concern recusant history, whilst artefacts from all over the world have been donated to the school by Jesuit missionaries and alumni. The school has four main libraries: the Arundell, the Bay, the Square and the More (dedicated to Saint Thomas More). It also has two museums: the Do Room and the Long Room.
Libraries
The More Library is the main library for student use. It was opened in 1933 on the ground floor in what were, until then, the Higher Line and Lower Line reading rooms, and are today classrooms. It was moved upstairs to occupy its present home in the former Study Place in 1966. It was refurbished and opened by Paul Johnson, an old boy, in 2004 (Johnson is the last person to have worn an 18th-century school uniform preserved in the school, in a pageant during World War II, when he was the only boy small enough to wear it). At present it contains some 11,500 volumes. When the library was the Study Place, it was filled with rows of desks where pupils would engage in private study under Jesuit supervision; the principle behind the Study Place has been revived with the creation of new playroom-specific study centres in the Campion Room, Old Gymnasium, Shirk, Magazine Dormitory and Dormitory 5.
The 'House Libraries' (the Arundell, the Bay, and the Square) include artefacts from the Society of Jesus and English Catholicism. The Arundell Library, presented in 1837 by Everard, 11th Baron Arundell of Wardour, is the most significant. It is not only a country-house library from Wardour Castle but also has a notable collection of incunabula, medieval manuscripts, and volumes of Jacobite interest. Signal among its books associated with historical figures is "Queen Mary's Book of Hours" which belonged to Mary Tudor and is thought to have been given by Mary, Queen of Scots, to her chaplain on the scaffold. The manuscript Le Livre de Seyntz Medicines was written in 1354 by Henry, Duke of Lancaster. To these were added the archives of the English Province of the Society of Jesus. These included 16th-century manuscript verses by St Robert Southwell, the letters of St Edmund Campion (1540–81) and holographs of the 19th-century poet Gerard Manley Hopkins. The Arundell Library held the seventh century Stonyhurst Gospel of St John, before it was loaned to the British Library. There is also a first folio of Shakespeare.
Until 1974, the House Libraries complex was much larger, with the Arundell and Square Libraries opening into a further room, originally built as the Boys' Chapel, but converted into a three storey museum and library, known as 'the Museum', complete with ornamental railings, spiral staircases, and glass display cabinets featuring natural history artefacts. The Museum was dismantled to make way for the Higher Line Common Room in 1974. Many of its exhibits had already been sold. Originally, the Sodality Chapel was an ante-chapel before the conversion of the Boys' Chapel next door into the Museum, hence its connection to the Higher Line Common Room. A dedicated archivist and part-time librarian now oversee the contents of the House Libraries, taking on the task from Fr Frederick J. Turner, SJ. Since their appointment, access for pupils to these former Jesuit libraries has been opened up and a number of lost or unknown items have been discovered, including a third Wintour vestment, the so-called Spangled Stuffe Suit which had been missing since 1670.
Museums
The Long Room functioned as a museum of stuffed birds in Victorian display cabinets, the Waterton Collection, donated by old boy explorer Charles Waterton until they were transferred to the corridor linking the Old Infirmary with the school. It had been Waterton's wish for this record of his lifetime's work to be on display in his former school; the collection was lent to Wakefield Museum in the 1970s. Thankfully and due to the tireless work of the current curator Jan Graffius some of the collection has now returned to its home in the Long Room. The Long Room was used as a study room from the 1970s until 2003 when it was restored and once again used for a display of items from the College collections.
A lesser-known fact about the Long Room is that, above the bay, between its ceiling and the room above, exists one of the two remaining priest holes or hiding places, dating back to the house's time as a private residence in the period of Recusancy, when Jesuits and other Catholic priests were hunted by the authorities. The other hiding place is in the gatehouse, approached up a false chimney. Another was located in the Duchess' Rooms before they were pulled down to make way for the Arundell Library wing; it was hidden behind a bookcase, opened by a secret spring. A fourth was under a flagstone in the original washing place, and a further hidden behind a false beam nearby.
The Do Room, re-opened in 2000 following replacement of the beams which support the Top Refectory above, features an exhibition of the School's history and items from the collections, including photographs, a Victorian chamber-pot complete with the College emblem, the desk used and engraved by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle during his time as a pupil, and a door belonging to an earlier building on the site.
Collections
Among those collections held from public view are the numerous blood-soaked garments from Jesuits martyred in Japan, the ropes used to quarter Saint Edmund Campion, and a thorn said to be from no less than the crown of thorns placed upon Jesus' head. The school also holds half of the Wintour Vestments.
The school has a number of fine paintings, although in more recent times the collection has been depleted. The Four Doctors by Jacob Jordaens and/or Rubens was sold at Christies in 1996 https://www.christies.com/lot/lot-1052065?ldp_breadcrumb=back&intObjectID=1052065&from=salessummary&lid=1. A small very early anonymous painting of the Sacred Heart of Jesus remains missing after being stolen, as do a number of Rembrandt etchings. Portraits include Tsar Nicholas I of Russia and the Jesuit Henry Garnet. In the Stuart Parlour are portraits of a number of Jacobites including James Francis Edward Stuart, and his sons Charles Edward Stuart and Henry Benedict Stuart. A painting by John Lavery was stolen in 1994 but recovered in 2019 https://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/missing-john-lavery-painting-surfaces-25-years-after-robbery-1.4035294. There are also a number of original engravings by Rembrandt and Dürer.
The Stonyhurst Chronicles of Jean Froissart, captured at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415, are currently on loan to the Royal Armouries in Leeds, where they are the centre-piece of a new exhibition.
Works formerly in the collections
A number of works with national or international significance have been sold or placed on permanent loan to museums in recent decades; items formerly at Stonyhurst are normally on display at the British Museum, British Library, and Victoria and Albert Museum.
The Stonyhurst Gospel (or St Cuthbert Gospel), a 7th-century manuscript that was buried with Saint Cuthbert and has the oldest known leather bookbinding of any Western book, was loaned to the British Museum, then the British Library, between 1974 and 2012 when after a public appeal it was bought by the library from the Society of Jesus. It has been on display between Durham and London since 2014, alternating between the two cities.
The Stonyhurst Collection of Native American artefacts is now in the British Museum, with some items on permanent display, where they were on loan since 1977, before being sold for £650,000 in 2004.
A sumptuous gold-embroidered cope, decorated with Tudor roses and portcullises, from a set of vestments used by the household of Henry VII and bequeathed by him to Westminster Abbey, has been in the Victoria and Albert Museum since 1999. It is said to have been borrowed back by Henry VIII to wear at the Field of the Cloth of Gold in 1520.
Temporary exhibition loans have included Stonyhurst MS 60, the "Hours of Katherine Bray", a book of hours with Flemish illumination of about 1490, to the Royal Academy in London and the Getty Museum in California in 2003-2004 for "Illuminating the Renaissance". The 2011 British Museum exhibition on "Relics", also Baltimore and New York, included items from the collection including a modern reliquary.
See also
College of St Omer
St Gordianus, interred in the school
References
Sources
Chadwick, Hubert, S.J. (1962). St Omers to Stonyhurst, Burns & Oats. No ISBN
Walsh, R.R. (1989) Stonyhurst War Record
Muir, T.E. (1992). Stonyhurst College 1593–1993, James & James (Publishers) Ltd.
Kirby, Henry L. and Walsh, R.Raymond (1987). The Seven V.C.s of Stonyhurst College, T.H.C.L. Books.
The Authorities of Stonyhurst College (1963), A Stonyhurst Handbook for Visitors and Others, 3rd edition
Hewitson, A. (Preston, 1878), Stonyhurst College, Present and Past: Its History, Discipline, Treasures and Curiosities, 2nd edition
Stonyhurst College website
External links
St Mary's Hall website (Stonyhurst Prep School)
St Omers Press
Stonyhurst College
Collections of museums in the United Kingdom
Libraries in Lancashire
Żukówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The second Wahpeton (YTM-757) was a yard tug placed in commission in the United States Navy in 1968 and sold in 1974.
The U.S. Navy acquired the tug LT-2084 from the United States Army in April 1968. Placed in service as medium harbor tug Wahpeton and designated YTM-757, she soon thereafter was assigned to the 14th Naval District and served the United States Pacific Fleet.
During her time in U.S. Navy service, she was one of two U.S Navy tugs named Wahpeton, the other being .
Taken out of service in the early 1970s, Wahpeton was struck from the Navy List and sold in September 1974. She became the commercial tug Lynne.
References
External links
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive US Army Large Tug LT-2084 Wahpeton (YTM-757)
Tugs of the United States Navy
1954 ships
Enoplidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Enoplida.
Genera
Genera:
Enoplus Dujardin, 1845
Hyalacanthion Wieser, 1959
Lineolia Gerlach & Riemann, 1974
Palaeoenoploides Mattavelli & Bracchi, 2008
Ruamowhitia Yeates, 1967
Savaljevia Filipjev, 1927
Starobogatovia Platonova, 1984
References
Nematodes
Templeborough Power Station (also known as Templeborough biomass power plant) is a biomass power station situated in Templeborough on the River Don in Rotherham England. Operated by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners, it opened in 2018 with an operating capacity of 44 megawatts.
The biomass plant is being built on the site of a former steelworks and besides the plant itself, it consists of ancillary buildings such as a pelletiser plant to convert the biomass to pellets before it is burnt. The biomass is delivered to the site by Stobart company who will maintain a presence on the site and separately at Rotherham DB Cargo UK railway sidings.
History
The site occupies a tract of land that was once part of Ickles forging and ring-rolling works. The works, formerly Firth Rixson Rings, now part of Arconic, is still in operation and will be adjacent to the power plant. In 2010, planning permission was granted for a biomass power station to be constructed on the site with sale of the land completed by 2011. The original proponent of the scheme was a company known as the Brite Partnership who sold the venture to Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners for £150 million in 2015.
Since that time, the original generating power of the plant has been upgraded and the abstraction point from the River Don moved further upstream than in the original plans. The upgrading process also amends the rate of water abstracted from to per year. An access road has been created from the south bank of the River Don to the site via a brand-new bridge. The bridge was installed in June 2016 and will aid in deliveries of biomass to the plant. The original plans had everything contained on the former Firth Rixson site which was cut in two by the River Don that runs from the west to the east through the middle of the site. The updated plans with an uprated output have necessitated a third part to the development which is located on railway sidings immediately south of the current site and across the A6178 road.
Power plant
The power plant is capable of generating of power, but will only supply to the National Grid as it will utilise the rest of the power itself on running the station (such as drying the wood before it is burnt). The plant is designed to burn of wood per year. The company's own website maintains that this is now per year with a licence to process through the plant.
The pelletising plant has a capacity of per year and any excess biomass will be sold via the Stobart compound, with capacity for the biomass to be railed away to other users.
The plant will generate enough electricity to power 78,000 homes, thereby saving of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere every year.
Power will be transferred to the National Grid via a long 33 kilovolt cable that would head west from the site and run along the adjacent A6178 road to a substation at Wincobank.
A Danish subsidiary company of Babcock & Wilcox designed and operates the plant, whilst the British construction arm of the multinational company Interserve constructed the plant and ancillaries. The British company Stobart collects, processes and delivers the biomass to the power plant site after stripping and debarking. Most of the biomass is intended to be waste wood collected from the local area which will add 40 lorry journeys daily to the surrounding roads. There was an aspiration that some of the waste material would arrive at the Stobart compound in Rotherham by rail transport or that excess pellets created from the wood pelletising process would be railed away from the site, but this is not mentioned in the 2015/2016 documentation. The Stobart site for the biomass project is located on the DB Cargo UK rail sidings situated just south of the biomass plant.
References
External links
Biofuel power stations in England
Power stations in Yorkshire and the Humber
2018 establishments in England
The Alabama legislature chartered the Alabama and Florida Rail Road Company in February 1850. The Congress of the United States in legislative session authorized the grant of public lands to the company in May 1856. The Alabama legislature consolidated the Mobile and Great Northern Railroad Company and the Alabama and Florida Railroad Company into the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad Company in 1868.
Operation of some of the company's rail track line succeeded to The Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company.
The company also operated at least some of the Pensacola Railroad.
See also
Alabama and Florida Railroad (1853–1869)
M&M Subdivision
References
1850 establishments in Alabama
Companies based in Alabama
Railway companies established in 1850
William Carey Jones (April 5, 1855 – June 14, 1927) was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Biography
Born in Remsen, New York, Jones attended the public schools, the West Salem (Wisconsin) Seminary, and was graduated from the law department of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1876.
He was admitted to the bar the same year and practiced in Madelia, Minnesota, until 1883.
City attorney of Madelia in 1882 and 1883.
He moved to the Territory of Washington in 1883 and settled in Cheney.
City attorney of Cheney 1884–1889.
He moved to Spokane, Washington, in 1887.
He served as prosecuting attorney for the twelfth district of the Territory of Washington 1886–1889.
Upon the admission of Washington into the Union Jones was elected attorney general of the State and served from 1889 to 1897.
He served as delegate to every Territorial and State Republican convention from 1884 to 1894.
He served as chairman of the State central committee of the Free Coinage Republican Party in 1896.
Jones was elected as a Silver Republican to the Fifty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1899).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1898 to the Fifty-sixth Congress.
He was then affiliated with the Democratic Party.
He served as delegate to all Democratic State conventions from 1904 to 1924.
He resumed the practice of his profession.
Jones died in Spokane, Washington, June 14, 1927, his remains were cremated and the ashes scattered over Liberty Lake, near Spokane, Washington.
Sources
1855 births
1927 deaths
People from Oneida County, New York
Washington (state) Republicans
Silver Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
Washington (state) Democrats
Washington (state) Attorneys General
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Cuei-keer (often spelled Chuei keer) is a boma in Kolnyang payam, Bor South County, Jonglei State, South Sudan. It is located about 40 kilometers southeast of Bor, and serves as the county headquarters for Bor South County. Cuei-keer figures in a popular saying as the southernmost boma of Greater Bor, which runs "from Cuei-keer to Cuei-thon."
Demographics
According to the Fifth Population and Housing Census of Sudan, conducted in April 2008, Cuei-keer boma had a population of 6,804 people, composed of 3,989 male and 2,815 female residents.
Notes
References
Populated places in Jonglei State
The 2005 W-League Season is the league's 11th.
Changes from 2004 season
Name changes
Three teams changed their name in the off-season:
Expansion teams
Five teams were added for the season:
Teams Leaving
One team left for the WPSL:
St. Louis Archers
Eight teams folded after the 2004 season:
Asheville Splash
Calgary Wildfire
Columbus Lady Shooting Stars
Edmonton Aviators Women
Montreal Xtreme
Rhode Island Lady Stingrays
Toronto Inferno
Windy City Bluez.
Standings
Orange indicates W-League title and bye into W-League semifinals.
Blue indicates division title clinched
Green indicates playoff berth clinched
Central Conference
Atlantic Division
Midwest Division
Eastern Conference
Northeast Division
Northern Division
Western Conference
Playoffs
Format
Five teams from the Eastern Conference, four teams from the Central Conference and two from the Western Conference qualify for the playoffs. All match-ups are in a one-leg format.
In the Central Conference, the division champions play the second-place team from the opposite division.
In the Eastern Conference, the division champion with the best record receives a bye, and will play the winner of the teams with the 4th and 5th-best conference records. The other division champion will play the seventh-place team, and plays the winner of the third-place and sixth-place teams.
The two teams in the Western Conference will play each other to advance to the W-League Semifinals.
The regular season champion, New Jersey Wildcats, received a bye into the W-League semifinals, with the eighth-place team from the Eastern Conference receiving a playoff berth.
Conference brackets
Central Conference
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
W-League Championship bracket
See also
United Soccer Leagues 2005
2005 PDL Season
References
2005
Women
1
W
Women
A Stranger Came Ashore is a 1975 young adult novel written by Scottish author Mollie Hunter. Set in the Shetland Islands in the north of Scotland, the plot revolves around a boy called Robbie Henderson, his family and a mysterious stranger named Finn Learson.
Plot summary
One night on the island of Black Ness, the Hendersons are sitting at home in their but-and-benhouse. There is a heavy storm outside. Then a figure bursts through the door, soaking wet. He is tall, lean and handsome, and calls himself Finn Learson, and he claims to be the only survivor of a shipwreck. The Hendersons trust and help him, except the youngest child, Robbie, his Old Da (grandfather), and his dog Tam, who are suspicious of Finn. Old Da takes an instant dislike to Finn, and Robbie also senses the man is not what he seems. Later that night, when the family have retired to bed, Robbie cannot sleep and hears peculiar noises coming from the main room, where Finn Learson and the dog, Tam, are sleeping. Robbie ventures to peek around the door and is horrified to see that Tam is crouched low to attack Learson, but Learson gazes deep into the dog's eyes... sending Tam into a calm sleep. Robbie is appalled but hides what he has seen.
Old Da mysteriously dies not long after, but before he does he warn Robbie not to trust Finn. He reminds Robbie of stories of selkies, sea spirits which are seals in the water but are able to shed their seal skin on dry land and appear as beautiful
seductive humans. Robbie remembers stories about the Great Selkie, the malign ruler of the selkies, who dwells in his sea-palace and seduces golden-haired girls away with him to his home under the sea. Every so often, the Great Selkie returns to find another human bride, as each bride he abducts dies whenever she tries to escape his clutches; he then uses their golden hair to roof his palace. Robbie begins to fear for his elder sister, Elspeth, who is golden-haired, very beautiful and entranced by Finn Learson.
Robbie becomes convinced that Finn is the Great Selkie, but his family does not believe him. Elspeth states that she will choose one man, Finn or Nicol, (Nicol, who was her man before Finn Learson came ashore) to marry her on the celebration night of Up Helly Aa. Robbie goes to the schoolmaster, Yarl Corbie, for help. Yarl has been accused of being a wizard. Yarl reveals that Finn is indeed the Great Selkie, that he knew all along, and that Finn will try to tempt Elspeth to join him under the sea, as he did with Yarl's fiancée many years before. With help from Yarl, Robbie steals Finn's seal skin and hides it in a place where Finn won't be able to leave without turning into the great selkie in front of everyone. On Up Helly Aa, Robbie plans with Nicol (who will do anything to save Elspeth even though he doesn't really believe Robbie) to trap Finn and fight him. Yarl uses his magic to morph into a raven, pulling out one of Finn's eyes. Finn, revealed as the Great Selkie, flees back into the sea in his seal form. He can still hunt fish with his remaining eye, but he can no longer return ashore to tempt girls away with him, as, without an eye, he is no longer handsome.
See also
Scottish mythology
Selkie
Shetland
References
1975 British novels
Young adult fantasy novels
British young adult novels
British fantasy novels
Novels set in Scotland
Novels set on islands
Hamish Hamilton books
Mountain Record: The Zen Practitioners' Journal a quarterly journal is a record of the sayings and doings of the Mountains and Rivers Order, its main house Zen Mountain Monastery in Mount Tremper, New York, and its affiliated temples and sitting groups. It is published quarterly by Dharma Communications the educational outreach arm of Zen Mountain Monastery.
Published since 1980, Mountain Record features over 120 pages of articles examining the heart of Zen training, as well as the challenges encountered in meditation practice and the actualization of wisdom in the world.
Quotes
Mountain Record is a perfect antidote for anyone who fears that Buddhist practice is being diluted by its current popularity in American culture. It is a voice of authenticity that reminds us of what genuine spiritual practice has always been and will continue to be long after it ceases to be fashionable.
—Lawrence Shainberg, author of Ambivalent Zen
References
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Buddhist magazines
Magazines established in 1980
Magazines published in New York (state)
Magazines about spirituality
St Michael's Hospital is a National Health Service psychiatric hospital situated in Warwick, Warwickshire, England run by Coventry and Warwickshire Partnership NHS Trust.
History
The hospital was established in 1995, largely to replace the outdated Central Hospital in the nearby village of Hatton. The hospital was officially opened by the Queen on 8 November 1996. A new psychotherapy unit known as The Pines (the wards are generally named after trees) opened at the hospital in April 2004.
Services
There is an Education Centre Library and tennis court on site.
Gallery
See also
List of hospitals in England
References
External links
Official site
Hospital buildings completed in 1995
NHS hospitals in England
Hospitals in Warwickshire
Psychiatric hospitals in England
Buildings and structures in Warwick
Üçkonak, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Cereus elegans is a cactus species in the genus Cereus.
See also
Echinopsis chiloensis subsp. chiloensis
References
Cereus on www.cactuslove.ru
elegans
Plants described in 1858
The Yale English Monarchs series is a series of biographies on English and British kings and queens, published by Yale University Press. The books are written by some of the leading experts within their respective fields, incorporating the latest historical research. Several books in the English Monarchs series have previously also been published by the University of California Press, though the series is today in the hands of Yale University Press.
The following table shows books published or forthcoming. Unless otherwise stated, the given regnal name also makes up the book title. The date given is the original publishing date of each book. Titles published by the University of California Press are in italics. Included in the list are also intervening monarchs on whom no books have been published yet.
References
External links
Series web page at Yale University Press.
British site
Book series introduced in 1964
Series of history books
History books about England
Yale University Press books
The following lists events that happened during 1947 in Afghanistan.
Because of close ties of kinship and common cultural tradition, Afghanistan is deeply concerned over the question of the right to self-determination of the Afghans of the North-West Frontier Province of India, arising from the creation of the separate independent states of India and Pakistan.
Afghanistan sends an observer-delegate to the Geneva meetings of the UN Conference on Trade and Employment.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Shah Mahmud Khan
September 30, 1947
Afghanistan is the only country to vote against the admission of Pakistan to the United Nations.
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Czajka (lapwing in Polish) may refer to:
Aero-Kros MP-02 Czajka, a 2000s Polish light aircraft
Kocjan Czajka, a pre-war Polish glider
, a Polish minesweeper
SZD-18 Czajka, a post-war Polish glider
WS-3 Czajka, a 1950s Polish light aircraft
Czajka (surname)
See also
Chayka (disambiguation)
Michael Marks was one of the two co-founders of the retail chain Marks & Spencer.
Michael Marks may also refer to:
Michael E. Marks (born 1960), American author, poet and songwriter
Michael Marks (footballer) (born 1968), English former footballer
Michael Marks (financier) (born 1941), British businessman
Michael Marks (Saw franchise), fictional character
See also
Michael Mark (disambiguation)
The Moroccan Grand Prix (Arabic: سباق الجائزة الكبرى المغربي) was a Grand Prix first organised in 1925 in Casablanca, Morocco with the official denomination of "Casablanca Grand Prix".
History
In 1930, the race was held at the new Anfa Circuit (official denomination "Anfa Grand Prix"). It claimed the life of driver Count Bruno d'Harcourt during a practice run. All winners, in touring cars, were either French or Monegasque.
There was no race in 1933 nor between 1935 and 1953. When it returned in 1954, it was held on a circuit at the city of Agadir for sports cars, and French dominance was interrupted by an Italian driver, Giuseppe Farina.
A new layout at Ain-Diab near Casablanca was made ready for the 1957 Formula One race which, although not counting toward the World Championship, attracted a world-class field. The race was won by Jean Behra for Maserati. The 1958 edition of the race was the only one to be part of the Formula One World Championship, and would be the final round of that season. The Championship battle was still alive between Mike Hawthorn of Ferrari and Stirling Moss of Vanwall. Hawthorn would finish second place to clinch the crown, despite his rival Moss winning the race. Vanwall would also clinch the inaugural Constructors Championship, but it was overshadowed by a crash involving Stuart Lewis-Evans, who died from his injuries six days later.
Winners of the Moroccan Grand Prix
Repeat winners (constructors)
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.
Repeat winners (engine manufacturers)
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.
By year
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.
References
Sport in Casablanca
Pre-World Championship Grands Prix
Formula One Grands Prix
National Grands Prix
Recurring sporting events established in 1925
1925 establishments in Morocco
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1958
Motorsport competitions in Morocco
1950s disestablishments in Morocco
Mount Fay is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide in the Canadian Rockies. The mountain forms part of the backdrop to Moraine Lake in the Valley of the Ten Peaks of Banff National Park. It was named in 1902 by Charles E. Fay, an early explorer of the Canadian Rockies. He was a member of the party who attempted Mount Lefroy in 1896 when the first mountaineer to be killed in the Canadian Rockies occurred.
Notable ascents
1904 First ascent by Gertrude Benham ahead of the mountain's namesake alpinist Charles E. Fay.
1937 December 22 First winter ascent by E.R. Gibson, Doug Crosby, and Bob Hind
1984 East Face (V/VI 5.8 WI5) FA by Barry Blanchard, David Cheesmond and Carl Tobin. Repetition of the East Face and variation on the finish was done from 2–3 April 2019 by Brette Harrington, Luka Lindič and Ines Papert.
Geology
Like other mountains in Banff Park, Mount Fay is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Fay is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 C with wind chill factors below −30 C.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
List of mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Further reading
Dave Birrell, 50 Roadside Panoramas in the Canadian Rockies, PP 86 – 87
Maurice Isserman, Continental Divide: A History of American Mountaineering
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Alan Leigh Sawyer (January 1, 1928 – June 30, 2012) was an American professional basketball player for the Washington Capitols of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins from 1945 to 1950. He missed the end of the 1948–49 season after an appendectomy. Sawyer helped lead the 1949–50 team to their first Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) championship. He was named to the first team of the All-Southern Division PCC team in 1949, and voted to the second team in 1950. He was selected in the third round of the 1950 NBA Draft by the Capitols.
After the Capitols were disbanded mid-season in 1951, its players were allocated to other teams, and Sawyer was drafted by the Tri-Cities Blackhawks. However, he decided to return to the University of California, Los Angeles, to complete his degree.
Sawyer later became a math teacher and coached basketball at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, California.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
References
1928 births
2012 deaths
Basketball players from Long Beach, California
Forwards (basketball)
Junior college men's basketball coaches in the United States
Sportspeople from Long Beach, California
UCLA Bruins men's basketball players
Washington Capitols draft picks
Washington Capitols players
American men's basketball players
Ernestine Anderson (November 11, 1928 – March 10, 2016) was an American jazz and blues singer. In a career spanning more than six decades, she recorded over 30 albums. She was nominated four times for a Grammy Award. She sang at Carnegie Hall, the Kennedy Center, the Monterey Jazz Festival (six times over a 33-year span), as well as at jazz festivals all over the world. In the early 1990s she joined Qwest Records, the label founded by fellow Garfield High School graduate Quincy Jones.
Life and career
Ernestine Irene Anderson (and her twin sister Josephine) were born in Houston, Texas, on November 11, 1928. Her mother, Erma, was a housewife, and her father, Joseph, a construction worker who sang bass in a gospel quartet. By the age of three, Anderson showed a talent for singing along with her parents' old blues 78 rpm records by the likes of Bessie "The Empress of the Blues" Smith. Anderson started singing at a local church, singing solos in its gospel choir.
Anderson tells of her early life in the 1998 book The Jazz Scene:
"My parents used to play blues records all the time," Ernestine Anderson told me. "John Lee Hooker, Muddy Waters, all the blues greats. In Houston, where I grew up, you turned on the radio and what you got was country and western and gospel. I don't even remember what my first experience with music was. I sort of grew into it. My father sang in a gospel quartet and I used to follow him around, and both my grandparents sang in the Baptist church choir. And they had big bands coming through Houston like Jimmie Lunceford, Billy Eckstine, Erskine Hawkins, and Count Basie." Ernestine's godmother entered her in a local talent contest when she was twelve years old. "I only knew two songs," she admitted, "'On the Sunny Side of the Street' and 'So Long'. The piano player asked me what key did I do these songs in and I just said 'C' for some reason and it was the wrong key. In order to save face I sang around the melody, improvised among the melody, and when I finished one of the musicians told me I was a jazz singer."
Her family moved to Seattle, Washington, in 1944, when she was 16. Anderson attended Garfield High School, graduating in 1946. While a teenager, she was discovered by bandleader "Bumps" Blackwell, who hired her as a singer for his Junior Band. Anderson's first show was at the Washington Social Club on East Madison Street. The band (which later included Quincy Jones on trumpet, and a young Ray Charles on keyboard) performed regularly in jazz clubs on Seattle's Jackson Street.
When she was 18, Anderson left Seattle, to tour for a year with the Johnny Otis band. In 1952, she went on tour with Lionel Hampton's orchestra. After a year with the band, she settled in New York City, determined to make her way as a singer. Her appearance on Gigi Gryce's 1955 album Nica's Tempo (Savoy) led to a partnership with trumpeter Rolf Ericson for a three-month Scandinavian tour. Ernestine's first album in the United States was made after her debut album, recorded in Sweden and released here by Mercury Records under the title Hot Cargo (1958). The dean of America jazz critics, Ralph J. Gleason, began airing it on his hit-making radio show. In addition his nationally distributed San Francisco Chronicle jazz column, saying: "she is the best new jazz singer in a decade. She has good diction, time, an uncanny ability to phrase well, great warmth in her voice, a true tone and, on top of all that, she swings like mad", which created a huge sensation. In 1959 Anderson won the DownBeat "New Star" Award and recorded for Mercury to more acclaim, before dividing her time from the mid-1960s between America and Europe.
"I don't think jazz ever died. It suffered a setback during the sixties. I had to move to London in order to work because a jazz person couldn't work in the United States when rock 'n' roll became the music. I didn't think it would last this long, and I don't think the rock 'n' roll people thought it would last this long, but Quincy it had."
Her re-emergence in the mid-1970s (at which time Ray Brown was her manager) came as a result of a sensational appearance at the 1976 Concord Jazz Festival. A string of albums for Concord Records followed. The next 17 years sealed Anderson's reputation as a top-tier jazz and blues singer. She performed headlining shows far and wide and recorded almost 20 albums for Concord, two of which—1981's Never Make Your Move Too Soon and 1983's Big City—earned Grammy Award Best Jazz Vocal Performance nominations. In the years that followed Anderson toured widely—a triumphant series of dates in Japan led to the release of a four-disc live set in 1988—and that same year she made her debut at Carnegie Hall. In addition, Anderson has performed at the Hollywood Bowl, at the Women In Jazz event at the Kennedy Center in 1999, at Monterey (1959, 1982, 1984, 1987, 1990, 2007), and at numerous other jazz festivals from New Orleans to Brazil, Berlin, Austria, and all around the globe.
After leaving Concord Records in 1993, Anderson signed on with her old Seattle jazz scene pal, Quincy Jones, and his happening new label, Qwest, which issued two albums—1993's Now and Then, and 1996's Blues, Dues & Love News—that also both received Grammy nominations. By the late 1990s, she was signed to the Koch International label, which issued her Isn't It Romantic album, in 2003 her High Note label CD, Love Makes the Changes was a breakout hit, and her 2004 JVC CD, Hello Like Before, brought further accolades.
Ernestine Anderson was a follower of Nichiren Buddhism. She died peacefully, surrounded by her family in Shoreline, Washington, on March 10, 2016, at the age of 87.
Awards and honors
Ernestine Anderson was featured in an article in Time magazine, August 4, 1958: "the voice belongs to Negro Singer Ernestine Anderson, at 29 perhaps the best-kept jazz secret in the land" after her first album release. She is inevitably compared to Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan, Billie Holiday. Ernestine invariably rejects the comparisons. "I wish," she says, "they would let me be just me."
Anderson was one of 75 women chosen for the book, I Dream a World: Portraits of Black Women Who Changed America (1999), by Pulitzer Prize winning photographer Brian Lanker. Within this book Ernestine Anderson joins such company as Rosa Parks, Coretta Scott King, Oprah Winfrey, Lena Horne, and Sarah Vaughan.
She won the Golden Umbrella award at the Bumbershoot Seattle arts festival in 2002. The award honors artists from the Northwestern United States "who have significantly contributed to the cultural landscape of our region."
Anderson was chosen by the Pacific Northwest Chapter of the Recording Academy (an organization best known for the Grammy Awards) to receive its 2004 IMPACT Award. The IMPACT Award honors Northwest music professionals whose creative talents and accomplishments have crossed all musical boundaries and who have been recognized as an asset to the music community.
In 2012, the Low Income Housing Institute named a housing project the "Ernestine Anderson Place" in her honor, noting Anderson's long residence in Seattle's Central District where the units are located.
Discography
As leader
Hot Cargo (Mercury, 1958)
The Toast of the Nation's Critics (Mercury, 1959)
My Kinda Swing (Mercury, 1960)
Moanin' (Mercury, 1960)
The Fascinating Ernestine (Mercury, 1960)
The New Sound of Ernestine Anderson (Sue, 1963)
Miss Ernestine Anderson (Columbia, 1967)
Hello Like Before (Concord Jazz, 1977)
Live from Concord to London (Concord Jazz, 1978)
Sunshine (Concord Jazz, 1980)
Never Make Your Move Too Soon (Concord Jazz, 1981)
Seven Stars with Cal Tjader, Teddy Wilson, Eddie Duran (Concord Jazz, 1983)
Big City (Concord Jazz, 1983)
Three Pearls with Chris Connor, Carol Sloane (Eastworld, 1984)
When the Sun Goes Down (Concord Jazz, 1985)
Be Mine Tonight (Concord 1987)
A Perfect Match with George Shearing (Concord Jazz, 1988)
Boogie Down with the Clayton Hamilton Jazz Orchestra (Concord Jazz, 1990)
Live at the Concord Jazz Festival Third Set with Ed Bickert, Gene Harris, Marshall Royal (Concord Jazz, 1991)
Now and Then (Qwest, 1993)
Three Ladies of Jazz: Live in New York with Diane Schuur, Dianne Reeves (Jazz Door, 1995)
Blues, Dues & Love News (Qwest, 1996)
Isn't It Romantic (Koch, 1998)
Love Makes the Changes (HighNote, 2003)
A Song for You (HighNote, 2009)
Nightlife Live at Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola (HighNote, 2011)
Ernestine Anderson Swings the Penthouse (HighNote, 2015)
As guest
Ray Brown, Live at the Concord Jazz Festival 1979 (Concord Jazz, 1979)
Concord All Stars, Ow! (Concord Jazz, 1987)
George Shearing, Dexterity (Concord Jazz, 1988)
Frank Capp/Nat Pierce Juggernaut, Live at the Alley Cat (Concord Jazz, 1987)
Grammy history
Career nominations: Four
References
External links
NPR profile
Ernestine Anderson Biography
E-Notes: Ernestine Anderson
1928 births
2016 deaths
American women jazz singers
American Buddhists
Nichiren Buddhists
American jazz singers
Mercury Records artists
Sue Records artists
Qwest Records artists
Concord Records artists
Musicians from Seattle
Garfield High School (Seattle) alumni
Singers from Washington (state)
HighNote Records artists
21st-century American women
21st-century Buddhists
GUI testing tools serve the purpose of automating the testing process of software with graphical user interfaces.
References
GUI
Software comparisons
Beydiğin is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
History
Skirt first history of the neighborhood dates back to the 16th century.
A primary school was opened in 1940. 93 men of the neighborhood served in the first world war with many killed. In 2000 the population was 489.
Today the village economy is based on agriculture and animal husbandry, especially beekeeping. The town has a primary schools, drinking water but there is no sewerage system. There is no health centers nor post office but asphalt roads connecting the neighborhood and electricity and landline telephone.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 1933 Gonzaga Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Gonzaga University as an independent during the 1933 college football season. In their third year under head coach Mike Pecarovich, the Bulldogs compiled a 2–6–1 record and were outscored by a total of 96 to 40.
Schedule
References
Gonzaga
Gonzaga Bulldogs football seasons
Gonzaga Bulldogs football
A reference dimension is a dimension on an engineering drawing provided for information only. Reference dimensions are provided for a variety of reasons and are often an accumulation of other dimensions that are defined elsewhere (e.g. on the drawing or other related documentation). These dimensions may also be used for convenience to identify a single dimension that is specified elsewhere (e.g. on a different drawing sheet).
Reference dimensions are not intended to be used directly to define the geometry of an object. Reference dimensions do not normally govern manufacturing operations (such as machining) in any way and, therefore, do not typically include a dimensional tolerance (though a tolerance may be provided if such information is deemed helpful). Consequently, reference dimensions are also not subject to dimensional inspection under normal circumstances.
Reference dimensions are commonly used in CAD software along with constraints that usually denote the opposite: mandatory dimensions to be precisely followed.
Notation
In Computer-Aided Design (CAD) it's commonly used to denote dimensions.
REF
Prior to use of modern CAD software, reference dimensions were traditionally indicated on a drawing by the abbreviation "REF" written adjacent to the dimension (typically to the right or underneath the dimension).
However, standard ASME Y14.5 has changed the way references are marked and the abbreviation "REF" has been replaced with the use of parentheses around the dimension. As an example, a distance of 1500 millimeters might be denoted by instead of .
This implementation has followed in modern CAD software that makes use of parentheses as the default denotation method whenever reference dimensions are "automatically" created by the software. The method for identifying a reference dimension (or reference data) on drawings is to enclose the dimension (or data) within parentheses.
See also
Engineering drawing abbreviations and symbols
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing
ASME Y14.5
References
External links
Y14.5 Dimensioning and Tolerancing, 2018, ASME
Technical drawing
Yosef Dayan (Hebrew: יוסף דיין; born 1945) is a Mexican-Israeli Orthodox rabbi and right-wing Israeli monarchist and nationalist, who claims to be the most senior heir to the Davidic line. He is the founder and director of Malchut Israel, a religious right-wing political party which advocates for a monarchy in Israel. In 2004, Dayan became a founding member of the newly reconstituted Sanhedrin. He is the author of several books in Hebrew, Spanish, and Italian and has worked to translate modern Spanish literature into Hebrew.
Biography
Yosef Dayan was born in 1945 in Mexico to Sephardic Jewish parents from Aleppo, Syria, where the Dayan family had lived for some seven hundred years. Dayan's family trace their ancestry in a direct paternal line to the Medieval Babylonian Exilarchs, who in part were direct paternal descendants of the Davidic line. He and his family paternally descends from Hasan ben Zakkai, the younger brother of the Exilarch David ben Zakkai (d. 940), whose genealogy is recounted in the rabbinic work Seder Olam Zutta which traces the line of the Exliarchs back to King David. One of Hasan's descendants Solomon ben Azariah ha-Nasi ('the Prince') settled in Aleppo where the family became dayanim ('judges') of the city and thus assumed the surname Dayan. In 1933, Yitzak Dayan, a cousin of Yosef Dayan's father was considered by some Orthodox rabbis to be the heir and titular "King of Israel". After his death none of his three sons pursued their father's dynastic claims. After Yosef Dayan made aliyah to Israel in 1968, he was encouraged by several Orthodox rabbis to be an active claimant to the Davidic line. Soon after this, Dayan became a member of the right-wing Kach movement, where he was instrumental in establishing the Hebron Hills settlement of El-Nakam, which was destroyed on the orders of the then-Minister of Defense, Moshe Arens in 1982. Dayan later founded "Malchut Israel", a right-wing religious-political group in Israel advocating a return of the monarchy. In 2004, he became a member of the newly reconstituted Sanhedrin, a duplicate of the religious tribunal which convened during the time of the Second Temple, a group that had traditionally had seventy-one members. He is alleged to have participated in so-called "death curse" ceremonies or Pulsa diNura aimed at Yitzhak Rabin and Ariel Sharon, presumably requesting divine retribution after those former prime ministers advocated Israeli withdrawal from Palestinian areas considered by Zionists to be inalienable parts of the promised land. He also supported Baruch Goldstein's (a fellow Meir Kahane disciple) terrorist actions in the Cave of the Patriarchs Massacre.
His son, Hananel Dayan-Meged, refused to shake the hand of Dan Halutz, the (former) Chief of Staff of the Israeli Defence Force, while receiving the "President of Israel Excellence Citation" during the Israeli Independence Day celebrations.
References
External links
Malchut Yisra'el Website
Soldier who snubbed Halutz ejected
1945 births
Living people
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Israeli Orthodox Jews
Israeli Kahanists
Israeli monarchists
Israeli people of Mexican-Jewish descent
Israeli translators
Mexican emigrants to Israel
Mexican Sephardi Jews
Translators from Spanish
Translators to Hebrew
The Puerto Rico Office of the Special Independent Prosecutor's Panel () is an autonomous agency of the executive branch of the government of Puerto Rico that appoints Special Independent Prosecutors (FEI) to investigate and prosecute government officials who engage in criminal conduct. FEIs are equivalent to special prosecutors while the agency is synonymous to the United States Department of Justice Office of Special Counsel but at the state government level rather than federal.
References
Secretariat of Governance of Puerto Rico
Barbados has Highway coverage throughout the entire country.
List
This is a list of Barbadian Highways. The main highways number 1–7, however there also smaller secondary routes off these main highways.
ABC Highway: University Hill, St. Michael – Charnocks, Christ Church
Ermie Bourne Highway: Belleplaine, St. Andrew – St. Elizabeth's Village, St. Joseph
Highway 1 (H1): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Mile & A Quarter, St. Peter
Highway 1A (H1A): Holetown, St. James – Rock Hall, St. Thomas
Highway 1B (H1B): Speightstown, St. Peter – Bentham's, St. Lucy
Highway 1C (H1C): Clinketts – Spring Hall, St. Lucy
Highway 2 (H2): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Portland, St. Peter
Highway 2A (H2A): Warrens, St. Michael – Pleasant Hall, St. Peter
Highway 3 (H3): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Palmers, St. John
Highway 3A (H3A): Jackmans, St. Michael – Coffee Gully, St. Joseph
Highway 3B (H3B): Salters, St. George – Gall Hill, St. John
Highway 4 (H4): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Massiah Street, St. John
Highway 4A (H4A): St. George Parish Church, Glebe Land, St. George – Balls, Christ Church
Highway 4B (H4B): Brighton, St. George – Thicket, St. Philip
Highway 4C (H4C): Six Roads, St. Philip – Ashford, St. John
Highway 5 (H5): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Bayfield, St. Philip
Highway 6 (H6): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Six Cross Roads, St. Philip
Highway 7 (H7): Bridgetown, St. Michael – Charnocks, Christ Church (nearby Tom Adams Roundabout)
Princess Alice Highway: Bridgetown – Fontabelle, St. Michael, via Harbour Road
Spring Garden Highway: Fontabelle – Frank Worrell Roundabout, Black Rock, St. Michael
Charles Duncan O'Neal Highway: Theodore Brancker Roundabout (nearby St. Lucy's Parish Church), Nesfield, St. Lucy – Portland, St. Peter
Barbados transport-related lists
Barbados
Highways
An election to Roscommon County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 26 councillors were elected from six electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Athlone
Ballaghadreen
Boyle
Castlerea
Roscommon
Strokestown
External links
Official website
Irishelectionliterature
1991 Irish local elections
1991
Idotea granulosa is a species of marine isopod in the family Idoteidae.
References
http://zipcodezoo.com/Animals/I/Idotea_granulosa/
Valvifera
Crustaceans described in 1843
Çaylı is a village in the Nilüfer district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Nilüfer District
Carlo Gerosa (born 30 November 1964) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics, sisteen-time in top ten in World Cup races.
World Cup results
Top 10
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade bronze medalists for Italy
Competitors at the 1985 Winter Universiade
Alpine skiers of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
Yvonne Redmond is a camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award and an Ireland medal with Dublin in 1984.
Family background
She was one of four sisters who played together for Crumlin, winning All Ireland club honours in 1985, and Dublin, winning All Ireland and National League honours, Yvonne in goal, Ann at full-back, Barbara at midfield, and Aileen. Two members of the family went on to referee the Ireland senior final, Anne in 1987 and Aileen in 2002. Aileen became president elect of the Camogie Association in 2011
Colleges
She attended Queen's University Belfast and was one of the team which inflicted the historic defeat of UCG, which allowed Queens into their first ever Ashbourne Cup final in 1984.
References
Living people
Dublin camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Queen's University Belfast camogie players
Elizabeth Is Missing is a television drama film directed by Aisling Walsh, adapted by Andrea Gibb from the novel of the same name by Emma Healey. It was broadcast on 8 December 2019 on BBC One. It stars Glenda Jackson as Maud, an elderly woman living with dementia who struggles to piece together a double mystery.
It premiered on PBS on 3 January 2021 as part of its Masterpiece anthology series.
Summary
Maud, a grandmother in her 80s living with Alzheimer's disease, relies on sticky notes to get through the day as her memory slowly deteriorates. One day her best friend, another elderly woman named Elizabeth, fails to meet her as promised. Maud begins to believe something sinister has happened to Elizabeth, but her attempts to raise the alarm are dismissed by those around her. She is forced to investigate on her own as her memory flashes back to the mystery of another disappearance: that of her elder sister, Sukey, 70 years earlier.
Ultimately, Maud's daughter Helen learns that Elizabeth is not missing, she is in the hospital having become sick following gardening with Maud. Prompted by Maud, Helen digs in the garden of Maud's home and uncovers the skeletal remains of Sukey. Sukey's body had been buried there by Frank, Sukey's husband, when the neighbourhood was first being constructed 70 years earlier after he had killed her.
Cast
Glenda Jackson as Maud Horsham, a widowed grandmother living with Alzheimer's disease who lives alone
Liv Hill as Young Maud Palmer
Sophie Rundle as Susan "Sukey" Jefford, Maud's sister who went missing seventy years earlier
Helen Behan as Helen, Maud's daughter
Nell Williams as Katy, Helen's daughter and Maud's granddaughter
Mark Stanley as Frank Jefford, Sukey's husband
Neil Pendleton as Douglas, a lodger who stays with Sukey, Maud and their parents
Sam Hazeldine as Tom Horsham, Maud's son who lives in Germany
Maggie Steed as Elizabeth, Maud's friend
John-Paul Hurley as Mr Palmer, Maud and Sukey's father
Michelle Duncan as Mrs Palmer, Maud and Sukey's mother
Linda Hargreaves as Carla, Maud's carer
Tom Urie as a desk sergeant
Anna-Maria Nabirye as Detective Sergeant Grainger
Rachel Mcphail as PC Pam
Stuart McQuarrie as Peter, Elizabeth's son
Background
Elizabeth Is Missing is based on the novel of the same name by Emma Healey, published in 2014. Glenda Jackson, who left acting in 1992 to begin a 23-year career as a Labour Party MP, returned to the stage in 2015. She stated that she was inspired after director Aisling Walsh approached her about the role in New York. "I read the script and the book, and they concern issues I have been banging on about for a decade. We are living in a society where no political party, at least in my country, has addressed the issue of how we provide the money to provide the care that an elderly population needs," Jackson told The New York Times. To prepare for the role, Jackson met with a doctor from Dementia UK, who she said "explained that the anger that many patients with dementia express was frustration."
Production
STV Studios were responsible for Elizabeth Is Missing, which was filmed in July and August 2019 in Scotland. Paisley, Renfrewshire, stood in for an English town in flashbacks to the 1940s.
Reception
Elizabeth Is Missing was well received by critics, who praised the outstanding performance by Glenda Jackson, who returned to television after a 27-year absence. It was given five stars by Lucy Mangan of The Guardian, who wrote that Jackson "is wonderful, in that vanishingly rare way that can come only from next-level talent as razor-sharp as it ever was plus 40 years of honing your technique, whetting both blades on 80 years of life experience." Suzi Feay of the Financial Times also gave it five stars.
Fiona Sturges of The Independent gave it four out of five stars, writing: "Rarely off the screen, Jackson is remarkable, playing Maud not as a benign and crinkly grandma but a proud woman unmoored and rendered increasingly impatient and volatile.... Dementia eats away not just at memory but identity, agency and empathy. The pain of these losses are sharply drawn here, both in Maud and her family who mourn the mother and grandmother they once knew."
Carol Midgley of The Times also gave Elizabeth Is Missing four out of five stars, praising the format told from Maud's point of view: "[It] was cleverly told so that we didn't know where Elizabeth was, but experienced her 'disappearance' from Maud's perspective; confused and disjointed with little sense of elapsing time."
The Daily Telegraphs Anita Singh, who gave the film five stars, said Jackson "gave one of the performances of her lifetime" and predicted her as a shoo-in for next year's British Academy Television Award for Best Actress: "If you are an actress hoping to win a BAFTA in February, and your name is not Glenda Jackson, I regret to inform you that this is not your year."
Roslyn Sulcas, who interviewed Jackson for The New York Times, commented that the film was "rapturously received" in the United Kingdom, and commented on the rarity of a film not only focused on dementia but starring an elderly woman.
On 31 July 2020, Jackson won the BAFTA TV award in the leading actress category.
Accolades
References
External links
2019 television films
2019 films
Films about Alzheimer's disease
Films about domestic violence
Films about old age
Films set in 1949
Films set in 2019
Films scored by Dominik Scherrer
Television series by STV Studios
2019 drama films
Films based on British novels
2010s British films
British drama television films
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1971. This was the 4th season of the NASL.
Overview
Eight teams competed with Dallas Tornado winning the championship. However Dallas' road to that title was the stuff of legends. In Game 1 of the best-of-three semifinal against the Rochester Lancers, league scoring champion Carlos Metidieri of Rochester mercifully ended the longest match in NASL history, 2–1, late in the 6th 15 minute OT period. The golden goal was scored in the 176th minute, or less than four minutes shy of playing two complete games in one day! Three days later Dallas evened the series at one game each with a 3–1 regulation win. In the rubber match four days later, the two teams ended regulation tied again at 1 goal apiece. This time the game would reach a 4th OT before Bobby Moffat sent Dallas into the Finals in the 148 minute. Incredibly, only four days after that, Dallas lost Game 1 of the NASL Championship Series, 2–1, in the 3rd OT to Atlanta after 123 minutes. All totaled, Dallas had played 537 minutes of football (3 minutes short of six games) in 13 days time. Finally the Tornado were able to get control of the finals, pulling away in Games 2 and 3, by scores of 4–1 and 2–0 respectively, to capture the title.
Changes From the previous season
Rule changes
Playoffs series switched from a two-game aggregate score to a best-two-out-of-three match format. Any playoff games tied after 90 minutes would now be settled by golden goal (or sudden death) overtime periods lasting 15 minutes each.
New teams
Montreal Olympique
New York Cosmos
Toronto Metros
Teams folding
Kansas City Spurs
Teams moving
None
Name changes
None
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, T= Ties, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PT= point system
6 points for a win, 3 points for a tie, 0 points for a loss, 1 point for each goal scored up to three per game.
-Premiers (most points). -Other playoff teams.
1971 NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
Bracket
Semifinals
NASL Final 1971
Game one
Game two
Game three
1971 NASL Champions: Dallas Tornado
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player: Carlos Metidieri, Rochester
Coach of the year: Ron Newman, Dallas
Rookie of the year: Randy Horton, New York
References
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) seasons
1971 in American soccer leagues
1971 in Canadian soccer
Idabel station, also known as Frisco Station, is a train station that was built in 1912 by the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway in Idabel, Oklahoma. It replaced an earlier frame structure that had been constructed in 1902. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979. Today it is the headquarters of the Idabel Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture.
Description
The building footprint is long by wide. The walls are red brick, and the entire building is covered with a clay tile roof. The roof has eyelid dormers on the north and south faces. A notable feature is that the eaves have an unusually wide overhang beyond the walls, because of the relatively high rainfall in this part of Oklahoma. It cost $10,000 to construct in 1912, and was built by the E. M. Vanderslip and Company of Oklahoma City.
NRHP listing
At the time the NRHP application was submitted, the station was still owned by the Frisco Railroad, which was using the building as a freight office with a one-man staff. However, the company was already planning to close the office, in which case it would demolish the structure to eliminate future maintenance costs. The Idabel Chamber of Commerce has moved into the building since then.
The McCurtain County Historical Society argued the building was the center of commercial and social activity for Idabel for 40 years, being the host of four passenger trains daily and also of freight trains, while there were no other common carriers serving Idabel. "Idabel" itself is named for Ida and Belle Purnell, daughters of a railway official.
References
External links
Idabel Chamber of Commerce
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1912
Former St. Louis–San Francisco Railway stations
1912 establishments in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in McCurtain County, Oklahoma
Former railway stations in Oklahoma
Ayvaköy can refer to:
Ayvaköy, Nilüfer
Ayvaköy, Yapraklı
The Tchimpounga Sanctuary, also known as the Tchimpounga Chimpanzee Rehabilitation Center, for primates is located on a coastal plain of savanna and forest in Pointe Noire, Republic of the Congo, and was built in 1992. The site covers an area of . The sanctuary, part of the Jane Goodall Institute, is located 50 km (31 miles) north of Pointe-Noire in the Kouilou Department and is the largest chimpanzee sanctuary on the African continent. It has conducted research comparing food-sharing and social inhibition among chimpanzees and bonobos.
The sanctuary is a refuge in the Congo Basin for chimpanzees orphaned by bushmeat hunters; authorities deliver the young animals after confiscating them from sellers in the pet or entertainment trades.
The sanctuary is a member of the Pan African Sanctuary Alliance.
References
External links
Tchimpounga Sanctuary facts
Expansion plans
Photo gallery
Protected areas established in 1999
Protected areas of the Republic of the Congo
Western Congolian forest–savanna mosaic
Davide Daniele Silvestri (born 14 March 1980 in Sarzana) is a former Italian cyclist.
Major results
2003
1st Stage 2 Giro del Veneto
1st Stage 4 Girobio
2005
1st Overall Tour du Cameroun
1st Stage 1
References
1980 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Sarzana
Sportspeople from the Province of La Spezia
Cyclists from Liguria
Sue Cashman is a former camogie player, winner of Caltex Player of the Year award in 1967, only the second of five camogie players in history to be awarded what would later become known as the Texaco Award. and an Ireland medal in 1967 when she was captain, play-maker and player of the match in Antrim's defeat of Dublin.
Career
She was among ten Antrim players who won the Gael Linn Cup for Ulster for the first time. She retired after Antrim were beaten by Cork in the 1973 All Ireland final, in which she scored a point. She played on the Deirdre teams defeated in the 1964 and 1965 All Ireland club finals.
References
Living people
Antrim camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mind Performance Hacks: Tips and Tools for Overclocking Your Brain is a self-help book using psychology and mnemonic techniques to improve thinking skills such as memory, creativity, mental math, and other cognitive abilities by Ron Hale-Evans, who wrote and researched approximately 80% of the book material. It is also notable in its use of Perl programming scripts to supplement a few of the hacks. Inspired by the Mentat Wiki, also created by Ron Hale-Evans, the book was published by O'Reilly Media in February 2006 as part of the O'Reilly Hacks series. It is considered an unofficial sequel to the earlier Mind Hacks.
Content
Chapter 1 - Memory
Includes detailed instruction on how to memorize lists of items, mnemonic techniques to remember large amounts of data, and retrieving memories.
Chapter 2 - Information Processing
Includes how to capture creative ideas, mapping your thoughts, and managing mental clutter.
Chapter 3 - Creativity
Includes brainstorming ideas, working with constraints, memetics, dream recall, and other creativity enhancers.
Chapter 4 - Math
How to perform mental arithmetic, and performing large calculations without a calculator.
Chapter 5 - Decision Making
How to foresee important problems, figuring out dominant strategies, and when it's safe to roll the dice.
Chapter 6 - Communication
Overcoming stage fright, learning artificial languages, and more ideas on effective communicating.
Chapter 7 - Clarity
Includes recognizing and controlling complex emotions, avoiding cognitive distortions, and using meditation and hypnosis.
Chapter 8 - Mental Fitness
On how to maintain a healthy brain, via mental warmups, playing board games, getting adequate sleep and nutrition, and assembling a mental toolbox.
References
External links
Official O'Reilly Mind Performance Hacks website
The Mentat Wiki which inspired the book
Ron Hale-Evan's web page
2006 non-fiction books
O'Reilly Media books
Self-help books
Jennifer Douglas (b. 1974) is a Canadian archivist and academic who researches the creation of personal archives and their place within with traditional archival practice.
Career
Douglas was born in Mississauga, Ontario in 1974 and was raised in Alberta and British Columbia. She obtained a B.A. and M.A. in English literature from the University of Victoria. Douglas' Ph.D. thesis "Archiving Authors: Rethinking the Analysis and Representation of Personal Archives" was completed in 2013 at the University of Toronto under the supervision of Heather MacNeil. The thesis was awarded the iSchool's Dissertation Award.
Douglas joined UBC School of Library, Archival and Information Studies as an associate professor in 2016. She has served on editorial team of Archivaria, including the role of general editor since 2014. In 2020 she was announced as UCLA's 2021 Kenneth Karmiole Lecture in Archival Studies speaker.
In 2014 "What We Talk About When We Talk About Original Order in Writers' Archives," an article based on her doctoral research won Archivaria's W. Kaye Lamb Prize that recognizes advancements in archival thinking. She won the award for a second time in 2020, along with co-authors Alexandra Alisauskas and Devon Mordell, for the article "'Treat Them with the Reverence of Archivists': Records Work, Grief Work, and Relationship Work in the Archives."
Select publications
Articles
Chapters
References
1974 births
Living people
Canadian archivists
Female archivists
People from Mississauga
University of Toronto alumni
University of Victoria alumni
is an action role-playing game that was developed by Climax Entertainment and released for the Sega Genesis in 1992 in Japan and 1993 elsewhere. Players take on the role of a treasure hunter named Nigel (Ryle in Japan and France, Niels in Germany) as he navigates a three-dimensional world through an isometric viewpoint, solving puzzles and fighting enemies.
The game was a major critical and commercial success. A spinoff called Lady Stalker: Challenge from the Past was released in Japan for the SNES in 1995. No official sequel to Landstalker was ever produced, but the Sega Saturn game Dark Savior (developed by the same company) and the PlayStation game Alundra (developed by Matrix Software, but with several members of the Landstalker programming and design team) are considered its spiritual successors. The main characters from Landstalker, Nigel and Friday, reappear in the Dreamcast game Time Stalkers.
It has been re-released several times: on the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007, Steam in 2011, and on the Sega Genesis Mini in 2019. A remake for the PlayStation Portable was announced in 2005, but was later cancelled.
Gameplay
The player, as Nigel the treasure hunter, is tasked with searching for clues that lead to the treasure of King Nole. This is accomplished primarily by travelling through both outdoor areas and dungeons. All gameplay and plot-advancing scenes take place in an isometric view.
From the outset of the game, Nigel may walk, jump, swing his sword, climb ropes and ladders, talk to various non-player characters, and pick up and throw various objects. With very few exceptions, these basic actions do not change throughout the game, although Nigel's weapons and armor may be replaced with better versions. There are a variety of items throughout the game, most of which either increase or restore health and attacking power or are important to advancing the plot or solving puzzles.
Much of the game's dungeons and overworld are filled with monsters, mostly creatures from fantasy and mythology like ogres, skeletons, ghosts, golems, and more; many may be avoided or killed for gold or other collectables, while others must be killed to advance the plot and the game. Many traps and puzzles also appear requiring the player to jump from platform to platform press switches and move blocks to climb on. Locked doors inhibit the player's progress, the player must find keys or beat enemies or puzzles to unlock them and progress further. Many dungeons and areas have a boss to defeat at the end. The monsters, puzzles and dungeons increase in difficulty as the game progresses. The player has health which is kept track of by hearts; health and the maximum health limit may be increased with items purchased in towns or found in dungeons. The player is not prevented from revisiting old towns and dungeons, and is frequently required to do so to advance the plot.
There are several optional side quests found in the game involving helping out the non-player characters. Nigel can complete these tasks for benefits, like increased attacking power and use of shortcut warps to travel across the overworld quicker. These can help the player but are not necessary to complete the game.
Plot
The game's intro starts in Gamul Date 312 where Nigel, a treasure hunter who is 88 years old, far older than he appears, is shown traversing a dungeon of rolling boulders and moving platforms called Jypta Ruins to acquire the Statue of Jypta. After selling this statue to a shop owner in a port town of Kalva, Nigel is accosted by a wood nymph named Friday. She explains that she is being chased by three persistent yet bumbling thieves named Kayla, Ink, and Wally because she knows the location of the legendary treasure of King Nole. Once Nigel spends most of his money on a bird to carry him to the island, Friday admits that while she doesn't know the exact location of the treasure she has a "feeling" where it is. The player controls Nigel from here on where he and Friday, who accompanies him for the entire game, first journey through a dungeon until they fall into a river and end up in the care of the red-furred bear-people of Massan. When Nigel awakes, he finds his way to the neighboring village of Gumi, where the yellow-furred bear-people are ready to sacrifice the daughter of Massan's leader, Fara. Nigel follows the crazed tribe into their shrine and breaks them of their curse, freeing Fara and earning the respect of both tribes and a clue to help him to the treasure.
Nigel and Friday travel westward until they come to the lighthouse town of Ryuma which has been attacked by thieves. Nigel goes to the thieves' cave and rescues the mayor and some other men who have been kidnapped. He also finds a lithograph of a dragon, which Friday tells him is a clue to the treasure. Before he can leave, Kayla, Ink, and Wally show up and hold Friday hostage until Nigel hands them the lithograph.
Nigel's heroics earn him a place in the court of Duke Mercator, who orders him to go and defeat an old wizard, Mir, who is locked in a tower nearby and who has been terrorizing the town and extorting the Duke. Nigel braves a crypt and the wizard's tower and faces him in single combat. Defeated, Mir confesses all he knows about King Nole's treasure and then explains that the Duke is his brother and had been using him as a scapegoat for years. Nigel returns to the Duke and is about ready to confront him when he is tossed into a dungeon. While imprisoned he finds out that the princess of Maple, his home country, who had been a guest at the castle, has been taken away by the Duke's dragon-like henchman, Zak. He manages to escape to find the castle knights in open revolt and ships stuck in the harbour because the lighthouse in Ryuma is broken. Nigel saves Arthur, the Duke's general, and is given the key to the Greenmaze, where the Sunstone can be found, the gem that powers Ryuma's lighthouse.
Nigel navigates the maze despite the best efforts of troublesome gnomes and restores the lighthouse. He then takes a ship to pursue the Duke. He makes landing up the coast of the island at Verla, which has practically become a ghost town. The Duke had enslaved the population of the town and forced them to work in nearby mines searching for a legendary treasure. Nigel frees the townspeople, and they give him a legendary sword they found but had hidden from the Duke. Nigel continues through the mine to find the Duke sailing, via rafts, across a lake to an island temple. Nigel finds a way over and navigates through the labyrinth to fight the Duke but is caught off-guard by Zak. Nigel is teleported to safety by Mir before the Duke and Zak can finish him off. Mir then proceeds to give Nigel some more information about King Nole's treasure. Mir also gives a magical axe to Nigel which allows him to cut down trees with a single swing of his sword.
Nigel retakes his sword in hand, and Friday leads him up through mountains to get to the entrance to the underground dungeon where King Nole hid his treasure. They encounter Zak again, who has decided that while he doesn't like working for the Duke any longer he still wants to face Nigel one on one. After Nigel proves his superiority, Zak gives Nigel something he stole from the Duke that will allow Nigel to enter the underground. Zak departs defeated.
Nigel finds himself back at the same cave he started in, this time filled with monsters but no traps. He gets to the Duke just as he uses the Princess to open the gate between the above and below worlds (referencing the song In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida). Nigel charges through into the center of the island and into King Nole's labyrinth, a massive confusing dungeon guarding King Nole's palace. After making it through the labyrinth and the palace, Nigel makes it to the room which held the treasure. After all the challenges so far, things are not quite finished for King Nole's restless Spirit attacks Nigel but Nigel makes quick work of him. The Duke then shows up and as he thanks Nigel for doing the dirty work for him, Gola, the Dragon God that King Nole worshipped, burns him alive.
Nigel fights Gola using all of his strength and cunning, and when the beast is finally vanquished, the treasure is his. With vast sums of gold under his control he decides that rather than retire he and Friday will continue their adventures. In the original ending in the Japanese and European version the treasure vanishes after Gola's last stand. Nigel isn't very upset and suggests taking Friday with him to the main country for new adventures.
Localization changes
In one scene, Kayla is taking a bath. Nigel can either join or try to leave her, but in the end he will be beaten by Friday or Kayla's Henchmen. In the North American and European versions, script and dialogues for this scene are present and translated in cartridge's data but a maid was added in front of a door, so that Ryle/Nigel can't get into the room where this scene happens.
“Madam Yards Pink Palace” (brothel) was renamed “Ballet Studio” for North America and Europe.
The ending differs slightly between the American version and the European/Japanese version.
Items with erotic references in the original Japanese version were changed in the American and European versions:
Oracle Stone is a bunny playmate called "Bunny-chan" in the Japanese version.
Spellbook is an erotic book in the Japanese version.
Shortcake is a bunny playmate costume (Usagi no fuku) in the Japanese version.
Pawn Ticket is a G-String in the Japanese version.
In the crypt, the sign reading "WHOUDINI" (NA/EUR versions) reads "KAN NAITO" (Landstalker's chief programmer and executive producer) in the original Japanese version.
Some characters' names differ between versions:
Ryle (JP, FR) – Nigel (NA, EUR) – Niels (DE)
Kayla Kowalski (NA, EUR) – Kala Kowalski (JP)
Wally & Ink (NA, EU) – Goose & Zwam (JP)
Princess Lara (NA, EUR) – Princess Rolia (JP)
Zak (NA, EUR) – Zed Saw(JP)
Arthur (NA, EUR) – Don mel (JP)
Pocket (NA, EUR) – Morio
Reception
The game was reviewed in 1995 in Dragon #217 by Jay & Dee in the "Eye of the Monitor" column. Jay gave the game 3 out of 5 stars, while Dee gave the game 4 out of 5 stars. The game was praised in the Australian-based Megazone magazine, where it received a 9 out of 10. The game received extremely positive attention in GameFan magazine, getting reviewed twice, once for the import version, then again for the American release. The import review gave it a perfect 10 out of 10, stating that it was "the perfect action/RPG" and that if "this was an American release, I would give it game of the year, it's that good." According to Next Generation, Landstalker met with critical acclaim in Japan, and was a major system seller for the Mega Drive there.
In GameFans annual Megawards, Landstalker won the awards for Most Innovative New Game (Sega) and Best Action/RPG, and was a nominee for the Best Music (Genesis) and Game of the Year awards. Mega placed the game at #5 in their Top Mega Drive Games of All Time. Gamasutra included it as an example of an open world game as part of their Game Design Essentials series. In 2017, Gamesradar ranked the game 24th on their: "Best Sega Genesis/Mega Drive games of all time."
References
External links
Climax Entertainment – Official Archive (Japanese)
RPGClassics Shrine
Map.
Randomizer
1992 video games
Action-adventure games
Cancelled PlayStation Portable games
Open-world video games
Sega Genesis games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Motoaki Takenouchi
Video games with isometric graphics
Virtual Console games
Windows games
Ann Downey (born 1957 in Castlecomer, Ireland) is a retired camogie player, winner of 12 All Ireland inter-county medals, captaining the team in 1989 and 1994, and seven All-Ireland club medals with St Paul's and Lisdowney (1) – one more than her famous sister Angela who was suspended for one final.
Family background
Her father, Shem Downey won an All-Ireland medal with Kilkenny in 1947, playing in one of the greatest finals in hurling history. Her twin sister Angela was cited in 2004 as the greatest player in the history of camogie.
Career
She went to school in Castlecomer before joining her sister in St Brigid's in Callan. During their careers in the 1970s and '80s Kilkenny completely dominated the game, including winning seven senior All-Irelands in-a-row from 1985 to 1991.
Awards
She was recipient of the Player of the year award in 1991 on her own account and jointly with her sister Angela in 1986 and 1989. In 2010 the Downey sisters received a Lifetime Achievement in Sport award.
Management
In May 2007 she took over management of the Kilkenny camogie team, becoming only the second female manager in senior inter-county camogie, after Wexford's Stellah Sinnott.
Team of the Century
In 2004 when she was overlooked for selection on the Camogie team of the century, her sister Angela snubbed the ceremony.
Other sports
A notable golfer, she also won Irish Veterans' Championship over-40 women's squash singles in 1998.
References
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
1957 births
Twin sportspeople
Twin people from Ireland
The African Handball Confederation, (acronym CAHB) referring to a (), is the administrative and controlling body for African team handball. Founded on 15 January 1973 after the 2nd All-Africa Games in Lagos (Nigeria), it represents the national handball associations of Africa under the supervision of the International Handball Federation (IHF).
The CAHB headquarters is located in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. Its current President is the Dr. Mansourou Aremou from Benin. The motto of the organisation is Let's build African Handball together.
History
The African Handball Confederation has been first continental confederation and with its 53 national federation. It is also the continental confederation with the highest numbers of members within the IHF.
The founding congress took place on January 15, 1973, in Lagos, Nigeria during the 2nd All-Africa Games. It was attended by Alberto de San Roman (Spain), the Vice-President of the International Handball Federation. The committee, which had done all the preparation work, was awarded with executive functions within the confederation. Dr. Salem Nabil became President and Babacar Fall Secretary General.
Its headquarters is in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
CAHB Presidents
CAHB Secretary Generals
CAHB Executive Committee
CAHB Council
CAHB Tournaments
Nations
African Men's Handball Championship
African Women's Handball Championship
African Men's Junior Handball Championship
African Women's Junior Handball Championship
African Men's Youth Handball Championship
African Women's Youth Handball Championship
African Games
Clubs
African Handball Champions League
African Handball Cup Winners' Cup
African Handball Super Cup
African Women's Handball Champions League
African Women's Handball Cup Winners' Cup
African Women's Handball Super Cup
titleholders
Nations
Clubs
CAHB Members
Zone 1
Algeria
Libya
Morocco
Tunisia
Zone 2
Cape Verde
Gambia
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Mali
Mauritania
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Zone 3
Benin
Burkina Faso
Ghana
Ivory Coast
Liberia
Niger
Nigeria
Togo
Zone 4
Cameroon
Central African Republic
Chad
Congo
DR Congo
Equatorial Guinea ✝
Gabon
São Tomé and Príncipe
Zone 5
Burundi
Djibouti
Egypt
Ethiopia
Kenya
Rwanda
Somalia
South Sudan
Sudan
Tanzania
Uganda
Zone 6
Angola
Botswana
Eswatini
Lesotho
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia ✝
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Zone 7
Comoros
Madagascar
Mauritius
Seychelles
✝ means non-active member
Summer olympics record
World Championship record
Sponsors
Qatar Airways
External links
CAHB official website
National members of the International Handball Federation
+Africa
Handball
Sports organizations established in 1973
Stare Gnatowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in eastcentral Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References
Stare Gnatowice
Princess Hajah Majeedah Nuurul Bulqiah () (born 16 March 1976) is the fourth child of Hassanal Bolkiah, Sultan of Brunei and his wife, Pengiran Anak Saleha (both first cousins).
Biography
Princess Majeedah holds a BA (Hons) in Administration and Public Policy from the University of Brunei Darussalam and an MA in Environmental Development from King's College London.
Name Majeedah (or Majida) means "Magnificent" or "Glorious".
Princess Majeedah is currently the Senior Environment Officer and Head of Planning and Management Division at the Department of the Environment, Parks and Recreation, an agency of the Ministry of Development. One of the tasks of the Planning and Management Division is to evaluate the Environmental Impact Assessment Report on the Sungai Liang Industrial Site Development. Majeedah has supervised several successful projects, including the ASEAN Youths Forum on the Environment, which was held on 8 January 2007.
Majeedah began her career as Special Duties Officer at the Environmental Unit, a section of the Ministry of Development responsible for policy and strategic environment affairs, on 11 February 2002. Among her written work include: the Environmental Management Guidelines for Quarry Activity; and the Position Paper on Brunei's Accession to the Basel Convention to Control the Disposal and Transboundary Movement of Hazardous Wastes.
Marriage
On 10 June 2007, Princess Majeedah married Khairul Khalil at the Omar Ali Saifuddien Mosque. He was given the noble title YAM Pengiran Anak.
Children
Yang Amat Mulia Pengiran Anak Abdul Hafeez (born on ) (age ).
Yang Amat Mulia Pengiran Anak Raihaanah Hanaa-Ul Bolqiah (born on ) (age ).
Honours
See also List of honours of the Bruneian Royal Family by country''
She has been awarded :
National Honours
Recipient of the Royal Family Order of the Crown of Brunei (DKMB).
Sultan of Brunei Silver Jubilee Medal (5 October 1992).
Sultan of Brunei Golden Jubilee Medal (5 October 2017).
Ancestry
References
External links
Brunei Princess Weds in Lavish Ceremony
1976 births
Living people
Bruneian Muslims
Bruneian royalty
Bruneian women
Alumni of King's College London
Expatriates in England
In the Netherlands, the bordering lakes (in Dutch: Randmeren) are a chain of lakes which separate the Flevopolder and Noordoostpolder from the ancient lands of the provinces of Gelderland, Utrecht, Overijssel and Friesland.
Strictly speaking, these 'lakes' are not separated from each other, but are a continuous body of water between the old land and the new polder lands, consisting of lakes divided by straits, dams, locks, or in some cases just a bridge over narrow water.
The purpose of these lakes is to isolate the water management of the polder land from that of the neighbouring old land. When a polder is created, the ground level within it is below that of the surrounding area. If the polder is connected directly to the old land, the groundwater level in the old land falls, which causes the soil to dry out. This was observed in the Noordoostpolder, Overijssel and Friesland to the east and between the Wieringermeerpolder and North Holland.
In addition, water flows to the new polder lands, creating a very wet area, especially at the edges of the polder. Drainage may be a solution, but this only increases the problem in the old land. If a large enough bordering lake is created between polder and old land, the water pressure and level remain the same. Water in the polder will be managed independently by a different water authority.
Historically, this technique was not applied to the Noordoostpolder or the Wieringermeer. For the Noordoostpolder, the plan was abandoned because it was too expensive. The Wieringerrandmeer project between the Wieringermeer and Wieringen is still under discussion with the province of North Holland.
The bordering lakes surrounding the Flevopolder offer opportunities for water sports and the creation of nature reserves.
List of the bordering lakes along the Flevopolder
From south-west to north:
IJmeer
Gooimeer
Eemmeer
(straight)
(straight)
Wolderwijd
Veluwemeer
Vossemeer
Ketelmeer (separates the Flevopolder from the Noordoostpolder)
List of bordering lakes along the Noordoostpolder
From south-west to north
Zwarte Meer
Vollenhovermeer
Kadoelermeer
References
Lakes of the Netherlands
Artificial lakes
Polders of the Netherlands
Landforms of Flevoland
Landforms of Gelderland
Landforms of Utrecht (province)
Asphyxiating thoracic dysplasia (ATD), also known as Jeune syndrome, is a rare inherited bone growth disorder (autosomal recessive skeletal dysplasia) that primarily affects the thoracic region. It was first described in 1955 by the French pediatrician Mathis Jeune. Common signs and symptoms can include a narrow chest, short ribs, shortened bones in the arms and legs, short stature, and extra fingers and toes (polydactyly). The restricted growth and expansion of the lungs caused by this disorder results in life-threatening breathing difficulties; occurring in 1 in every 100,000-130,000 live births in the United States.
People who are affected with this disorder live short lives either only into infancy or early childhood. If they live beyond childhood, breathing problems can improve with age, but there is a possibility of developing severe kidney or heart problems. Several mutations in different genes such as IFT80, DYNC2H1, WDR19, IFT140 and TTC21B have been identified in some families with the condition as possible causes of the disorder. Treatment is based on the signs and symptoms present in each person.
Types
Signs and symptoms
Jeune syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that affects the way a child's cartilage and bones develop. It begins before the child is born and primarily affects the child's rib cage, pelvis, arms and legs. Usually, problems with the rib cage cause the most serious health problems for children with Jeune syndrome. Their rib cages (thorax) are smaller and narrower than usual, which inhibits the child's lungs from developing fully or expanding when they inhale. The child may breathe rapidly and shallowly. They may have trouble breathing when they have an upper or lower respiratory infection, like pneumonia. Breathing trouble can range from mild to severe. In some children, it is not noticeable, aside from fast breathing; however, in others, breathing problems can be fatal. About 60% to 70% of children with this condition die from respiratory failure as babies or young children. Children with Jeune syndrome who survive often develop problems with their kidneys, and over time they may experience kidney failure. As a result, few children with Jeune syndrome live into their teen years. Children with Jeune syndrome have a form of dwarfism. They are short in stature, and their arms and legs are shorter than most people's.
Diagnosis
Jeune syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive ciliopathy. This diagnosis is grouped with other chest problems called thoracic insufficiency syndrome (TIS). Diagnosis of Jeune syndrome can be made as early as before birth if signs and symptoms are apparent on an ultrasound; however, diagnosis after birth usually occurs through X-rays and genetic testing, such as the tests found on the Genetic Testing Registry (GTR).
Treatment
Medical care
In order to help relieve respiratory distress, mechanical ventilation is required in most severe cases; while pulmonary infections that tend to lead to respiratory failure occur in less severe cases. In order to treat these infections, doctors may suggest antibiotics, endotracheal suctioning, or postural drainage.
Surgical care
In severe cases, surgical action is needed; otherwise, failure to intervene can result in pulmonary damage and eventual fatality. Vertical expandable prosthetic titanium rib (VEPTR) surgery is the most common treatment for severe chest wall deformities. During this procedure, one or more titanium rods are attached to the ribs near the spine, which allow space for the patient's lungs to develop. Small adjustments are made every four to six months through a small incision in the patient's back. Alternatively, lateral thoracic expansion is used to enlarge the chest wall by separating the ribs from their periosteum and covering them with titanium struts. This procedure is common among patients older than a year due to its safe and effective outcome. Chest reconstruction is another surgical procedure that promotes thoracic cage growth. It can be done as an enlargement of the thoracic cage by sternotomy and fixation with bone grafts, or a methylmethacrylate prostheses plate.
References
External links
Ciliopathy
Cytoskeletal defects
The 2019–20 Chinese Men's Volleyball Super League () is the 24th season of the Chinese Men's Volleyball Super League, the highest professional volleyball league in China. Shanghai Golden Age are the defending champions.
The regular season was scheduled to begin on 19 January 2020 and ended with the Finals on 12 May 2020, but was postponed following the coronavirus pandemic. On 17 August 2020, Chinese Volleyball Association announce that the season would be resumed on 20 August 2020 in Qinhuangdao, a coastal city in eastern China, finishing on 2 September. The 14-day schedule is the shortest for this event in its history as the games are played in tournament style.
On 1 September 2020, Shanghai Golden Age won their 16th Chinese Men's Volleyball Super League title, after defeating Jiangsu Nanjing Radio and Television Maomao in the final, 2–0 (3–1, 3–0).
Clubs
Clubs and locations
Clubs Locations
Regular season
First stage
Group A
|}
|}
Group B
|}
|}
Group C
|}
|}
Group D
|}
|}
Second stage
Group E
|}
|}
Group F
|}
|}
Group G
|}
|}
Group H
|}
|}
Final stage
Bracket
Third stage
Fifth place play-offs
|}
Semifinals
|}
Fourth stage
Eleventh place match
|}
Ninth place match
|}
Seventh place match
|}
Fifth place match
|}
Third place match
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
References
External links
Official website of the Chinese Volleyball Association
League 2019-20
Chinese Volleyball Super League, 2019-20
Chinese Volleyball Super League, 2019-20
Volleyball League, 2019-20
Volleyball League, 2019-20
Ezequiel Santos da Silva (born 9 March 1998), simply known as Ezequiel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a winger for Sanfrecce Hiroshima.
Career
On 14 January 2019, Sport Recife announced that they had loaned Ezequiel and his teammate Leandro from Botafogo for the 2019 season.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Sport Recife profile
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
J1 League players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Sport Club do Recife players
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
"Just a Little Too Much" is a song written by Johnny Burnette and performed by Ricky Nelson. The song reached #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #11 in the UK in 1959. The song was featured on his 1959 album, Songs by Rick.
The song is ranked #78 on Billboard magazine's Top 100 songs of 1959.
Other versions
Col Joye released a version as a single in Australia in 1964.
Olivia Newton-John released a version as a single in 1972. It was featured on her 1972 album, Olivia.
The Troggs released a version as a single in the United Kingdom in 1978.
Mac Curtis released a version on his 1981 album, Truckabilly.
References
1959 songs
1959 singles
1964 singles
1972 singles
Songs written by Johnny Burnette
Ricky Nelson songs
Olivia Newton-John songs
The Troggs songs
Imperial Records singles
is a JR East railway station located in the city of Daisen, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Kariwano Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 260.6 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station.
Station layout
Kariwano Station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks, connected to the station building by a footbridge. Track 1 is dual gauge for use by through traffic of the Akita Shinkansen. The station is attended.
Platforms
History
Kariwano Station was opened on August 21, 1904 on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the town of Kariwano. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in February 1990, which incorporates the offices of the local chamber of commerce and tourism office.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 310 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Kariwano Post Office
References
External links
JR East Station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1904
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Ōu Main Line
Daisen, Akita
Northern Blues may refer to
Preston Football Club (VFA), also known as Northern Bullants or Northern Blues; former Victorian Football Association and Victorian Football League team, Australia
Northern Blues (album), an album by Kristofer Åström
Plebejus idas, a butterfly commonly known as the northern blue
Cesare Dobici (December 12, 1873 in Viterbo – April 25, 1944 in Rome) was an Italian composer.
Among his many compositions are a Requiem Mass written in 1900 for the funeral ceremony of King Umberto I of Italy (1844–1900).
But his real fame stems from having been an outstanding teacher of harmony, especially the fugue and counterpoint. And this attracted not only Italian pupils, but also aspiring composers - for both secular and sacred music - from countries as far away as Portugal, Venezuela, Argentina, to only name a few.
He taught at what at that time was the "Reale Conservatorio Musicale di S. Cecilia" (Royal Conservatory of Music S. Cecilia), now the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome and also at the "Scuola Superiore di Musica Sacra", belonging to the Vatican.
Among his pupils he counts distinguished Italian composers such as: Carlo Alberto Pizzini, Giorgio Colarezzi, Ennio Porrino, Francesco Mander, Biagio Grimaldi, Angelo Turriziani, Enrico Buondonno, Vieri Tosatti.
Italian classical musicians
Italian composers
Italian male composers
1873 births
1944 deaths
People from Viterbo
Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia faculty
Uğrar, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Brictric was a powerful Saxon thegn whose many English landholdings, mostly in the West Country, are recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086.
Life
According to the account by the Continuator of Wace and others, in his youth Brictric declined the romantic advances of Matilda of Flanders (c. 1031 – 1083), later wife of King William the Conqueror, and his great fiefdom was thereupon seized by her. Whatever the truth of the matter, years later when she was ruling England as regent, she used her authority to confiscate Brictric's lands and threw him into prison, where he died.
Samuel Lysons in his Magna Britannia refers to a Godeva as being the "widow of Brictric, in dower" of two manors in Devon in a footnote to his table of the general division of property at the time of the Domesday survey.
Brictric's other lands were granted after Matilda's death in 1083 by her eldest son King William Rufus (1087–1100) to Robert FitzHamon (died 1107), the conqueror of Glamorgan, whose daughter and sole heiress Maud (or Mabel) FitzHamon brought them to her husband Robert de Caen, 1st Earl of Gloucester (pre-1100 – 1147), a natural son of Matilda's younger son King Henry I (1100–1135). Thus Brictric's fiefdom became the feudal barony of Gloucester.
Landholdings
Brictric held manors in several counties in the West Country and elsewhere in England. In the Domesday Book he is rarely named in full as "Son of Algar", and thus references to plain "Brictric" cannot be assumed to relate to him unless suggested by circumstantial evidence, namely the manor's subsequent descent to Queen Matilda and/or to the feudal barony of Gloucester. The feudal barony of Gloucester was one of the largest in the kingdom, and in the Cartae Baronum return of 1166 comprised 279 knight's fees, or separate manors.
In Devon
Brictric's certain landholdings in Devon are listed in the Domesday Book consecutively within the first chapter Terra Regis ("Land of the King") under the Latin heading: Infra scriptas terras tenuit Brictric post Regina Mathildis ("Below are written the lands Brictric held, later Queen Matilda") and comprise the following:
Northlew (Levia)
Halwill (Halgewelle)
Clovelly (Clovelie)
Bideford (Bedeford)
Littleham (Liteham)
Langtree (Langetrev)
Iddesleigh (Edeslege)
Winkleigh (Wincheleie)
Ashreigney (Aisse)
Lapford (Slapeford)
High Bickington (Bichentone)
Morchard Bishop (Morchet)
Holcombe Burnell (Holecu_be)
Halberton (Halsbretone)
Ashprington (Aisbertone)
References
External links
Domesday search for Beorhtric
; also
Anglo-Saxon people
11th-century English landowners
Mickey Mouse: The Computer Game, also known as just Mickey Mouse, is an action game developed and published by Gremlin Graphics in 1988 for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum.
Plot
Mickey Mouse needs to find and destroy the four evil witches who have stolen Merlin's wand. To do so he must reach the top of each tower of the enchanted castle. After that, Mickey can defeat the evil Ogre King to free Disneyland from an evil spell.
Reception
The game received mostly positive reviews.
ACE: 790/1000 (ST)
Commodore Computing International: 50% (C64)
Commodore User: 8/10 (C64)
Computer & Video Games: 7/10 (C64), 8/10 (ST)
The Games Machine: 65% (C64), 85% (CPC), 89% (ST), 87% (ZX)
Zzap!64: 85% (Amiga), 72% (C64)
References
External links
Mickey Mouse: The Computer Game at MobyGames
1988 video games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Atari ST games
Commodore 64 games
Disneyland
Mickey Mouse video games
Video games about witchcraft
ZX Spectrum games
Gremlin Interactive games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Hussein Ziad Odtallah (; born January 1, 1985) is a Jordanian footballer, of Palestinian origin, who is a left winger for That Ras.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Association football forwards
That Ras Club players
Shabab Al-Ordon Club players
Sahab SC players
Mansheyat Bani Hasan players
Al-Faisaly SC players
The 2016 Japan Women's Open (also known as the 2016 Hashimoto Sogyo Japan Women's Open for sponsorship reasons) was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the eighth edition of the Japan Women's Open, and part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2016 WTA Tour. It was held at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo, Japan, from September 12 through September 18, 2016.
Point distribution
Prize money
1 Qualifiers prize money is also the Round of 32 prize money
2 Per team
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 29, 2016
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Misa Eguchi
Eri Hozumi
Risa Ozaki
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Jang Su-jeong
Miyu Kato
Rebecca Peterson
Erika Sema
The following players received entry as a lucky loser:
Antonia Lottner
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Misa Eguchi → replaced by Antonia Lottner
Irina Falconi → replaced by Kurumi Nara
Kirsten Flipkens → replaced by Jana Čepelová
Nicole Gibbs → replaced by Magda Linette
Hsieh Su-wei → replaced by Anett Kontaveit
Kristína Kučová → replaced by Naomi Osaka
Jeļena Ostapenko → replaced by Tamira Paszek
Anastasija Sevastova → replaced by Nao Hibino
Wang Qiang → replaced by Maria Sakkari
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 29, 2016
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Daniela Hantuchová / Alison Riske
Kanae Hisami / Kotomi Takahata
Champions
Singles
Christina McHale def. Kateřina Siniaková, 3–6, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles
Shuko Aoyama / Makoto Ninomiya def. Jocelyn Rae / Anna Smith, 6–3, 6–3
External links
Japan Women's Open
Japan Women's Open
Japan Women's Open
September 2016 sports events in Japan
Eilatimonas is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped and motile genus of bacteria from the family Temperatibacteraceae, with one known species (Eilatimonas milleporae). Eilatimonas milleporae has been isolated from the hydrocoral Millepora dichotoma from the Gulf of Eilat in Israel.
References
Alphaproteobacteria
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Taxa described in 2013
The Ulundi Local Municipality council consists of forty-seven members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Twenty-four councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twenty-four wards, while the remaining twenty-three are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 1 November 2021 the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) won a majority of thirty-two seats on the council.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Ulundi
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Megha Ganne (born 2003 or 2004) is an American amateur golfer. In June 2021, as a 17-year-old high school student, Ganne qualified for the U.S. Women's Open. At the tournament she held a share of the lead after the opening round, and was tied for third going into the final round; she finished as the leading amateur, in a tie for 14th place. Since the age of twelve, she has been competing in golf tournaments. Her parents are from the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. She has been coached for nine years by Katie Rudolph.
Amateur wins
2017 New Jersey Junior PGA Championship
2018 AJGA Championship
2021 Scott Robertson Memorial
Source:
U.S. national team appearances
Junior Solheim Cup: 2021
Curtis Cup: 2022 (winners)
References
American female golfers
Amateur golfers
Golfers from New Jersey
People from Holmdel Township, New Jersey
2000s births
Living people
Güneyköy, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Weare Giffard is a small village, civil parish and former manor in the Torridge district, in north Devon. The church and manor house are situated 2 1/2 miles NW of Great Torrington in Devon. Most of the houses within the parish are situated some 1/2-mile east of the church. The church is situated on a hillside to the north and slightly above the wide and flat valley floor of the River Torridge. The Church of the Holy Trinity and the adjacent Weare Giffard Hall are designated members of the Grade I listed buildings in Devon.
History
The historian of Devon Tristram Risdon (d.1640) supposed the name Weare to be derived from a fish weir which was historically situated in the river to catch fish. The construction of a fish-weir generally required a licence from the feudal overlord, as naturally these affected the catches of other inhabitants further along the river. Many disputes are recorded in the medieval records over disputes concerning fish-weirs.
Descent of the manor
Giffard
One of the earliest holders of the manor was the 13th-century Sir Walter Giffard, after whom the manor subsequently took its suffix, who lived during the reign of King Henry III (1216–1272). He left a daughter Emma as his sole heiress who married three times:
Firstly to Hugh Widworthy, without issue.
Secondly to Sir William Trewin, for whom she produced issue, William Trewin, who took the surname "de Wear" in lieu of his patronymic.
Thirdly to Sir Robert Dynham, without issue.
Stone effigies of an early member of the Giffard family and his wife exist in the Parish Church, now housed separately in arched niches set into the north wall of the nave. They are believed to represent Sir Walter Giffard and his wife Lady Alice de St George, whose son was also named Walter, however no identifying inscriptions or armorials survive to confirm any attribution of identity. The original location of these effigies was in the north transept, from which they were removed in the 19th century to make room for the new organ.
Surviving branches of Giffard
The estate of Brightley in the parish of Chittlehampton, about 10 miles east of Weare Giffard, was acquired by Sir Roger Giffard (d.1547) on his marriage to Margaret Coblegh, the heiress of Brightley. Over the porch of Brightley Barton, now a large farmhouse, still exists an escutcheon bearing the arms of Giffard. Roger was a son of Sir Thomas Giffard (c. 1461–1513) of the manor of Halsbury, about 13 miles west of Weare Giffard. The Giffards of Halsbury appear to have been a cadet line of the Giffards of Weare. Bartholomew Giffard (died c. 1314) of Clovelly, married Joan de Halsbury, the heiress of Halsbury. The 13th-century Testa de Nevill lists the manor of Clovelly as being held by Sir Roger Giffard from his overlord Sir Walter Giffard of Wear. The senior male line at Clovelly died out in 1303 on the death of Sir Matthew Giffard, who left two daughters co-heiresses.
de Wear
The Trewin (or Treawyn, etc.) family, alias "de Weare", are said to have used fishes as an heraldic device, in reference to the fish-weir within the manor and such devices are sculpted on the spandrels of the western arch of the western porch to the Hall. The arms of William Trewin alias Weare (d. 1421) are shown in the 4th quarter of the escutcheon on the monumental brass depicting Richard Fortescue (d.1570) in Filleigh Church: Argent, on a bend vert between six crosses crosslet fitchee gules three crozier heads or.
The last of in the male line of the de Wear family was William de Wear, who died c. 1421 and left a daughter his sole heiress, who became the wife of Richard Denzell, descended from a cadet branch of the Denzell family of Denzell manor in St Mawgan parish, near St Columb Major, near Newquay, Cornwall.
Denzell
The senior line of the Denzell family became extinct in the male line on the death of John Denzel (d.1535), serjeant-at-law and Attorney-General to the Queen Consort, Elizabeth of York. He held large estates in Cornwall and left two daughters as his co-heiresses, Ann who married Sir William Holles (1509–91), later Lord Mayor of London, and another daughter who married into the Roskymer family. It was a cadet branch of this family which had acquired Weare Giffard by marriage to the heiress of Weare.
Richard Denzell had one son, also named Richard, by his wife the de Wear heiress, and he left no male progeny but a daughter Elizabeth as his sole heiress. The arms of Denzell were: Sable, a mullet in chief and a crescent in base argent. These arms survive sculpted on a bench-end, c. 1510, in Weare Giffard Church and also sculpted in stone on the monument to Sir Richard de Pomeroy (1442–1496), in St Mary's Church, Berry Pomeroy. Sir Richard de Pomeroy (1442–1496), KB, knighted by King Henry VII, Sheriff of Devon in 1473, married Elizabeth Densell (d. 1508), daughter and co-heiress of Richard Densell of Weare Giffard and Filleigh, Devon, and widow of Martin Fortescue (d .1472), of Wimpstone, Modbury. The Denzell arms are also shown in the second quarter of the arms of Richard Fortescue (c. 1517–1570) on his monumental brasses in Filleigh Church.
Fortescue
In 1454 Sir Martin Fortescue (d. 1472), second son of Sir John Fortescue (1395–1485), Chief Justice, of Ebrington Manor in Gloucestershire, married Elizabeth Densyll, the daughter and heiress of Richard Densyll of Weare Giffard and Filleigh, and thereby the manor became a possession of the Fortescue family, together with substantial other Densyll manors including East Buckland, Bray (both adjacent to Filleigh), Buckland Filleigh, Combe and Tamerton. The Filleigh Estate, comprising some 5,500 acres (22 km2), together with Castle Hill mansion is still today privately owned by descendants of the Fortescue family. The last Earl Fortescue to own Castle Hill was Hugh Fortescue, 5th Earl Fortescue (1888–1958) who died in June 1958, aged 70. As he had no surviving male issue he was succeeded in the earldom by his younger brother, Denzil Fortescue, 6th Earl Fortescue. However the 5th Earl bequeathed Castle Hill, his principal seat, to his elder surviving daughter, Lady Margaret Fortescue (b. 1923) and bequeathed Weare Giffard to his younger daughter Lady Elizabeth Fortescue (b. 1926), who sold the manor in 1960. Lady Margaret had married in 1948 Bernard van Cutsem, and had issue. Castle Hill is now the home of her daughter Eleanor, Countess of Arran (b. 1949), who married on 28 September 1974 Arthur Gore, 9th Earl of Arran (b. 1938). Lady Elizabeth married in 1946 Major William Lloyd (John) Baxendale, Coldstream Guards, of Hailwell House, Framfield, Uckfield, Sussex, and had issue:
David Hugh (b. 1952)
Peter Anthony (b. 1955)
Lucinda Margaret (b. 1958)
Lady Elizabeth Baxendale sold the manor of Weare Giffard in 1960.
Weare Giffard Hall
Weare Giffard Hall was described thus by Sabine Baring-Gould:
"In approaching the house, we have on our left the square gateway tower, and enter, by a low modern Gothic porch, the entrance hall. Above the fireplace are two oak carvings of the Adoration of the Magi and the Resurrection. The walls of the hall are lined with tapestry. The best view of the hall roof is obtained from the gallery. The north wall is ornamented with three full-length portraits in the style of Sir Peter Lely, and some Elizabethan medallions. On the south wall are three coats-of-arms in relief: the Royal arms, dating 1599; on the right, the Bedford; on the left, those of Bourchier, Earl of Bath. To the height of 10 ft. the walls are panelled with richly carved oak. There are several rooms with interesting fireplaces".
Fortescue mural monument
High up on the south wall of the south aisle chapel ("Fortescue Chapel") of the parish church is affixed the Fortescue mural monument, erected in 1638 by Hugh Fortescue (1592–1661). Hugh was married to his third cousin Mary Rolle (1587–1649), daughter of Robert Rolle (1560–1633) of Heanton Satchville, in Petrockstowe parish, by his wife Joan Hele (d.1634). Robert Rolle was the eldest son of Henry Rolle by his wife Margaret Yeo (d. 1591), heiress of Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe, whose monumental brasses can be seen in Petrockstowe Church. Margaret Yeo was the daughter and sole heiress of Robert Yeo by his wife Mary Fortescue, daughter of Bartholomew Fortescue (d.1557)of Filleigh, the grandfather of Hugh Fortescue (d.1600), the figure shown on the top tier of the Weare Giffard monument, son of Richard Fortescue (d. 1570), MP, of Filleigh, whose two monumental brasses can be seen in Filleigh Church. The monument is a two tiered baroque structure, showing on the top tier under a broken classical pediment (supporting an heraldic achievement under which is inscribed in large capitals: LE FORT JEHOVAH) Hugh's grandparents, Hugh Fortescue (1544–1600) and his wife Elizabeth Chichester (d.1630), daughter of Sir John Chichester (d.1569) of Raleigh, kneeling opposite each other in prayer with a prie dieu between them. Underneath on the second tier within a niche is shown his son John Fortescue (d. 1605) and his wife Mary Speccot, kneeling side by side facing the viewer, each with a hand on his and her own breast as if making a sacred oath. On either side of them are shown within medallions the faces in relief of their many children. Inscribed across the monument at the top of the lower (second) tier is the following Latin text:
Memoriale Hugonis Fortescue arm(igeris) et Elizabethae ux(oris) filiae Joh(anni)s Chichester Equit(is) itemque Joh(ann)is Fortescue eorum fil(ii) arm(igeris) et Mariae ux(oris) filiae Humphredi Speccot de Thornbury arm(igeris) Sunt hi ab Joh(ann)e Fortescue Equite Duce castri de Meaux in Gall(ia) sub H(enrico) 5.o (Quinto) oriundi qui praesepia Fortescutorum de Wimeston Devon ortus habuit fil(ium) Joh(ann)em Summum Justic(ium) et Cancell(arium) sub H(enrico) 6.o (Sexto) sepultum Ebertoniae Glocest(ria) Familia quidem perantiqua et etiamnum felici subole propagata sepulti sunt: Hugo, Aug. 2 1600; Joh(ann)es April 5, 1605: Elizabetha May 7, 1630; Maria April 11, 1637.
Which may be translated literally as:
<blockquote>
"In memory of Hugh Fortescue, Esquire, and of Elizabeth his wife, daughter of John Chichester Esquire and also of John Fortescue, the son of them, Esquire, and of Mary his wife, daughter of Humphrey Speccot of Thornbury, Esquire. These arose from John Fortescue, Knight, Captain of the Castle of Meaux in France, arisen under Henry the Fifth a scion of the Fortescues of Wympstone, Devon. He had a son John, Chief Justice and Chancellor under Henry the Sixth. He was buried at Ebrington in Gloucestershire. Indeed the very ancient family even now is happy with fruitful issue and are buried here: Hugo, Aug. 2 1600; John April 5, 1605: Elizabeth May 7, 1630; Mary April 11, 1637</blockquote>
Affixed to the lower edge of the monument is a stone tablet inscribed with the following verse:
"Stay Reader stay this structure seemes t'invite,
Thy wandring eyes on it to fixe thy sighte,
In this pile's summitte thou mayst discrie,
Heav'ns all beholding and all ...viding eye,
That sheads his benediction...beames,
Of love and goodness on these fruitfull streames,
Of humerous issue sprong from nuptiall tyes,
With various ancient worthy families,
Here is in breife presented to thy view,
The long-liv'd race of honour'd FORTESCUE:
Combin'd in holye rites on TIME'S faire scrole,
W.th CHICHESTER then SPECCOT last with ROLLE,
And long and wide may SACRED GRACE and FAME,
Produce and propagate this generous name,
That it may brooke what HONOUR gave in feild,
LE FORT-ESCU the strong and LASTING SHIELD,
A shield not only theyr owne right to fence,
But also to repell wrongs violence,
Which that it may accordingly be done,
Pray (Reader) pray GOD BE THEIR SHEILD AND SUNNE
The last line which follows in Latin comprises a chronogram dating device, similar to that on the Dennis monument erected in 1643 in Buckland Brewer Church to the Dennis family of Orleigh Court:
hVgo fortesCVe sCVtIger sVperstes VIr MarIae roLLe IsthoC fIerI feCIt honorIs CaVsa
Restated without the exaggerated capitals: Hugo Fortescue scutiger superstes vir Mariae Rolle isthoc fieri fecit honoris causa'', which may be translated as: "Hugh Fortescue, Esquire, surviving, the husband of Mary Rolle made this to come into existence in cause of honour".
The Roman numerals inscribed in extra-large capitals must be added together individually, to give the date of 1638 for the erection of the monument, as follows: (V+C+V+C+V+I+V+V+I+M+I+L+L+I+C+I+I+C+I+I+C+V=1,638)
Below the tablet and to the right side are shown escutcheons with the arms of Rolle of Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe.
Chest tomb of Eleanor Fortescue
Against the north wall of the chancel stands the chest tomb, in imitation of a mediaeval model, of Lady Eleanor Fortescue (1798–1847), fifth daughter of Hugh Fortescue, 1st Earl Fortescue (1753–1841). The following text is inscribed on a ledger line around the edge of the top slab, amended from Job's Parable, Book of Job 29: 11–13, from 1st person speaking to third:
"When the ear heard her then it blessed her and when the eye saw her then it gave witness to her because she delivered the poor that cried and the fatherless and him that had none to help him. The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon her and she caused the widows heart to sing for joy".
It is sculpted on the west end with a shield of the Fortescue arms and is inscribed on top:
"In memory of Eleanor fifth daughter of Hugh Earl Fortescue born April ii ad mdccxcviii died August xii ad mdcccxlvii"
Governance
Weare Giffard is governed by the six members of the Weare Giffard Parish Council who are elected every four years. One of the six councillors is elected Chairman for a term lasting twelve months. The Council meets four times a year in the Village Hall.
Weare Giffard is represented in the House of Commons by the constituency of Torridge and West Devon. It is currently held by the Conservative Party in the person of Rt. Hon. Geoffrey Cox QC MP.
See also
Annery kiln, disused lime-kiln on opposite bank of River Torridge to Weare Giffard, in parish of Monkleigh
References
Sources
Risdon, Tristram, The Chronological Description or Survey of the County of Devon, London, 1811
Cherry, B & Pevsner, N., The Buildings of England: Devon, London, 2004, Weare Giffard, pp. 891–893
Lauder, Rosemary, Devon Families, Tiverton, 2002, Fortescue, pp. 75–82
Further reading
Ashworth, E. The Ancient Manor House of Weare Giffard, 1858
Country Life Magazine, 2 January 1915
External links
"The Giffards and Fortescues", www.wearegiffard.info
"The Giffard and Fortescue Family Line Relating to Our Village", www.wearegiffard.info
Villages in Devon
Former manors in Devon
Torridge District
This article summarizes the results of polls taken during the presidency of Donald Trump which gather and analyze public opinion on his administration's performance and policies.
Graphical summary
Job approval ratings
Aggregate polls
Poll numbers verified
2020
2019
2018
2017
Comparative favorability ratings
vs Barack Obama
vs Chuck Schumer
vs Mike Pence
vs Nancy Pelosi
vs Paul Ryan
vs Vladimir Putin
Issue-specific support
Appointment of Neil Gorsuch to Supreme Court
In February 2017, Donald Trump nominated Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. Gorsuch was confirmed on April 7, 2017, by a 54–45 vote.
Ban on military service by transgender people
Donald Trump signed a presidential memorandum banning transgender individuals from serving openly in the U.S. military.
In the following table, the "support" column indicates the percentage of respondents who supported the ban, whereas the "oppose" column indicates the percentage of respondents who were opposed to the ban.
Climate change regulations repeal
Donald Trump has pledged to repeal certain U.S. government regulations intended to address climate change.
Construction of border wall
In January 2017, Donald Trump ordered construction of a wall along portions of the Mexico–United States border.
Construction of Keystone Pipeline
In January 2017, Donald Trump ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to permit construction of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. Donald Trump wanted to build the final uncompleted portion of the Dakota Access pipeline. The Keystone XL oil pipeline would bring oil from Alberta, Canada to the Nebraska area. It would then connect to an existing pipeline to bring the crude to the Illinois area.
Deportation of illegal immigrants with criminal records
In an interview following his election, Donald Trump said illegal immigrants with criminal records should be deported.
Government employee staffing cuts
Donald Trump has proposed a 20-percent cut in parts of the U.S. Government workforce.
Obamacare repeal
Donald Trump has called for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare").
Refugee restrictions
During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump called for the suspension of immigration to the United States from seven "terror prone" countries. In January 2017, he signed an executive order partially implementing that policy and halving annual U.S. refugee intake from 100,000 to 50,000.
Sanctuary city funding
In January 2017, Donald Trump issued an executive order that would block federal funding to "sanctuary cities".
UN funding
Donald Trump has said he plans to dramatically reduce United States funding to the United Nations and UN programs.
Withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate change
On June 1, 2017, Donald Trump announced that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change.
Withdrawal from Trans-Pacific Partnership
In January 2017, Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact.
Global polls
A Gallup poll on 134 countries comparing the approval ratings of US leadership between the years 2016 and 2017 found that only in 29 of them did Trump lead Obama in job approval, with more international respondents disapproving rather than approving of the Trump administration. Overall ratings were reported to be similar to those in the last 2 years of the Bush administration. A Pew Research Center poll of 37 nations conducted in July 2017 found "a median of just 22% has confidence in Trump to do the right thing when it comes to international affairs". This compares to a median of 64% rate of confidence for his predecessor Barack Obama. Trump received a higher rating in only two countries: Russia and Israel. In a 2018 Pew Research poll of 25 nations, the confidence in Trump rose to 27%. In the 2019 poll, the confidence in Trump was at 29%. In the September 2020 poll, the confidence in Trump decreased to 16%.
See also
Donald Trump 2020 presidential campaign
Opinion polling for the 2020 United States presidential election
United States presidential approval rating
References
External links
President Trump: Job Ratings . PollingReport.com
NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll archive. Wall Street Journal.
CBS News poll archive. CBS News.
Fox News poll archive. Fox News.
Washington Post poll archive. Washington Post.
Monmouth University poll archive. Monmouth University.
Quinnipiac University poll archive. Quinnipiac University.
CNN poll archive. CNN
Marist poll archive. Marist.
Kaiser Family Foundation poll archive. Kaiser Family Foundation.
Donald Trump Presidential Approval. Roper Center for Public Opinion Research.
Opinion polling
Opinion polling in the United States
Daniel Rajna born 1968, is a South African ballet dancer. After gaining a BSc in applied mathematics at UCT, he trained at the UCT Ballet school, Cape Town. He joined the former CAPAB Ballet in 1990, before leaving in 1997 to join PACT Ballet in Pretoria. He returned to Cape Town in 1999 and was a principal dancer at the Cape Town City Ballet. He is known for his interpretation of dramatic ballets and his partnership with friend, Tracy Li. He and his wife Leanne Voysey, a former principal dancer with Cape Town City Ballet, have a son Finn (born July 2007). He is the son of composer Thomas Rajna. He has performed as a guest artist in Hong Kong, Zimbabwe, The United States, South Africa and Taiwan. They were also both invited to the 2004 International Ballet Festival of Miami. He retired in August 2007 after several performances of Camille. After retirement Rajna made a radical career change and after studying for three years, joined a civil consultancy as a dam designer. He continued his association with ballet and was asked back on occasion to coach members of the ballet company. In 2015 Rajna and Li were invited to come out of retirement to give two performances of Veronica Paeper's ballet, "Carmen" accompanied by the Cape Town Philharmonic Orchestra.
Awards
FNB Vita Award 1999
Balletomanes Award for best male dancer, 1996, 2000, 2002 and 2006
Daphne Levy Award for his partnership with Tracy Li, 2001
Notable roles
Pluto in Orpheus in the Underworld
Albrecht in Giselle
Basilio in Don Quixote
Crassus in Spartacus
Armand in Camille
Don Jose in Carmen
Puck in A Midsummer Night's Dream
James in La Sylphide
Romeo in Romeo and Juliet
Nutcracker Prince in The Nutcracker
Florimund in The Sleeping Beauty
Prince Siegfried in Swan Lake
References
External links
Daniel Rajna at the Dance Directory
Cape Town City Ballet Company
Pas de Deux Couple Tracy Li & Daniel Rajna
Dancers exit stage for new future
Tracy Li and Daniel Rajna to reunite for Cape Town City Ballet
Carmen gets retired dancers back on stage
Final Pas de deux from the ballet "Camille"
1968 births
Living people
South African male ballet dancers
Alumni of Rondebosch Boys' High School
University of Cape Town alumni
Metisse or Métisse may refer to:
Metisse, a 2.5D windowing system, based on the X Window System
Métisse (band), an Irish/African Soul/Electronica band
Métisse (film), a 1993 French film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz
Métisse Motorcycles, a motorcycle manufacturer based in Carswell near Faringdon, Oxfordshire, England
Citroën C-Métisse, a French concept car
Métis, an Aboriginal people in Canada who trace their descent to mixed First Nations parentage
See also
Matisse (disambiguation)
The Rt. Hon. John Staples, M.P. (1 March 1736 – 22 December 1820), was an Irish Member of Parliament from 1765 to 1802.
He sat in the Irish House of Commons for Newtown Limavady from 1765 to 1768, for Clogher from 1768 to 1776, for Ballyshannon from 1776 to 1783, for Newtown Limavady again from 1783 to 1795 and for County Antrim from 1796 to 1800, and then for Antrim in the new United Kingdom House of Commons from 1801 to 1802. He was made a member of the Irish Privy Council on 12 May 1801.
He was one of thirteen children of the Rev. Thomas Staples of Lissan House, and a grandson of Sir Robert Staples, 4th Baronet; his sister Alicia was the wife of Sir Robert Staples, 7th Baronet. John Staples married twice and also had thirteen children.
By his first wife Harriet (married 1764; died 1771), daughter of William James Conolly and sister of Thomas Conolly of Castletown House, his children were
Louisa Anne (died 1833), who married Thomas Pakenham and whose son Edward inherited Castletown;
William Conolly Staples (died 1798), who married Anne Stewart, daughter of Sir James Stewart, 7th Baronet
Henrietta Margaret (1770–1847), who married The 2nd Earl of Clancarty.
By his second wife Henrietta (married 1774; died 1813), daughter of The 3rd Viscount Molesworth, his children included:
Frances (died 1858), who married Richard Ponsonby, Bishop of Derry and Raphoe
Grace Louisa (died 1860), who married The 1st Marquess of Ormonde, and
Catherine (died 1830), who married the Ven. Robert Alexander and was the mother of Nathaniel Alexander.
Richard Staples (died 1819)
Charlotte Melosina (died 1847), who married William Lenox-Conyngham of Springhill House, Co. Londonderry;
Elizabeth (1795–?), who married The Rev. Hugh Hamilton, Rector of Inishmacsaint, County Fermanagh, and son of Bishop Hugh Hamilton; great grandparents of Clive Staples Lewis.
Sir Thomas Staples, 9th Baronet (1775–1865);
Rev. John Molesworth Staples (1776–1859), father of Sir Nathaniel Alexander Staples, 10th Baronet,
References
External links
John Staples History of Parliament
1734 births
1820 deaths
Irish MPs 1761–1768
Irish MPs 1769–1776
Irish MPs 1776–1783
Irish MPs 1783–1790
Irish MPs 1790–1797
Irish MPs 1798–1800
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Tyrone constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Donegal constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Antrim constituencies
UK MPs 1801–1802
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Antrim constituencies (1801–1922)
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Londonderry constituencies
The Great Pacific Ocean is the second EP by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit, released in 1995 on CD and 12" picture disc by Murderecords. The EP was recorded and mixed by Steve Albini.
Track listing
"The Great Pacific Ocean"
"Every Morning I Reread the Postcards"
"25 All Right"
"Patriot"
"Claim to Lame"
"The Great Pacific Ocean (Reprise)"
1995 EPs
Thrush Hermit albums
Albums produced by Steve Albini
Murderecords albums
Hurlach is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Liberation of Hurlach "satellite" camp of Dachau
During World War II Kaufering concentration camp IV, a subcamp of Dachau concentration camp, was located about a mile south of the village Hurlach. The camp was discovered by soldiers of the 134th Ordnance Maintenance Battalion of the 12th Armored Division led by Capt. John P. Jones around noon on April 27, 1945. The SS began death marching prisoners to Dachau pending the US arrival; at camp IV, they killed hundreds of prisoners by setting fire to the barracks. Colonel Edward F. Seiller, commander of the 12th Armored Division's Military Government, took control of the camp and had some 250 civilians from the nearby town of Landsberg brought to the camp and made them bury the dead prisoners.
On April 29, 1945, advance scouts of the US Army's Nisei 522nd Field Artillery Battalion, a segregated Japanese-American Allied military unit in World War II, encountered a "set of barracks surrounded by barbed wire", and liberated what turned out to be the "Kaufering IV Hurlach" slave labor camp, which housed some 3,000 prisoners, which was one of some 169 "satellite" camps of the infamous Dachau concentration camp.
In 2000, the concentration camp complex gained international recognition through the collaboration of Anton Posset with the film crew of Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks. Liberation of one of the Kaufering IV subcamps of Dachau was depicted in Episode 9 "Why We Fight" of the TV mini-series Band of Brothers. Through the photographs of the American/French liberators and the documentation of the survivor's reports collected by Anton Posset, the camp was reconstructed in England for the mini-series.
References
External links
European Holocaust Memorial - a monument ensemble against racism and totalitarianism at the place of the crime - under the executive management of the Citizens´Association European Holocaust Memorial Foundation
The Holocaust in the Landsberg area- Citizens´ Association "Landsberg in the 20th Century" (English)
Landsberg (district)
Mizan Dam or Band-e-Mizan, () is a historic dam from the Sassanid era and a part of Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System, located in the island city Shushtar, Khuzestan Province, Iran. Mizan Dam was registered on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites in 2009 and is Iran's 10th cultural heritage site to be registered on the United Nations' list together with the 12 other historical bridges, dams, canals, and buildings as Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System.
History
As in its present form, it dates from the 3rd century CE, probably on older bases from the 5th century BC. The dam was built by Roman soldiers and engineers who were taken into captivity along with Valerian (emperor) (reign 253–260 CE) after his defeat by Shapur I (241-272 CE).
Function
Mizan Dam is located upstream of a manmade canal called Gargar which was dug in order to divert water from the Karun River. The dam regulates water for Gargar (a tributary stream branched from Karun) and this way, Mizan is considered a regulatory dam
Material
The elemental materials of this site are stone, Saruj mortar and sandstone in foundation that all of them have maintained their authenticity, and there aren't any interventions. But there are differences in some part of site due to different restoration periods.
Threats
Due to the location and nature of Mizan Dam, this dam is sometimes submerged. Severe flooding has occurred during previous decades which affected the dam.
Sources
Dams in Khuzestan Province
World Heritage Sites in Iran
Buildings and structures in Khuzestan Province
Pedro Florindo Sassone (12 January 1912 – 31 January 1982) was an Argentinian violinist and composer, leader of his eponymous orchestra, which played tango music, from the 1940s up to the 1970s.
Discography
A Night in Buenos Aires, Capitol Records (stereophonic) (recorded in Argentina)
Bien milonguero Vol. 1
Bien milonguero Vol. 2
Dancing tango
Florindo Sassone Con Sus Cantores: 1947-1950, featuring Angel Roberto Chanel
Florindo Sassone y sus cantores 1947/1956 Archivo RCA
From Argentina to the world
Grandes Del Tango 46
Grandes Tangos Argentinos
La última cita 1947-1953, with Jorge Casal, Roberto Chanel
RCA Club
Vol. 08. - Florindo Sassone y su orquesta - Años '47 / '51
Tangos De Oro Florindo Sassone y sus gran orquesta
Tango Internacional, recorded in 1971, copyright 1998
External links
http://www.todotango.com/English/creadores/fsassone.asp
http://www.milonga.co.uk/tango/sassone.shtml
http://www.musicargentina.com/en/cd-tango-dance/florindo-sassone-y-sus-cantores-1947-1956.html
https://tango.info/08427328131209
https://tango.info/0000000059341863
1912 births
1982 deaths
Tango musicians
Argentine violinists
Argentine musicians
20th-century violinists
Adliye can refer to:
Adliye, Biga
Adliye, Gemlik
Adliye, Osmaneli
Vasil Petrov (; born 5 October 1986) is a Bulgarian professional football manager and former player who played as a defender, who is currently the academy manager of Spartak Varna.
In 2007, at age of 17, Petrov started his own football academy, later registered as FC Sofia 2010 and in 2015 bought by Stoyne Manolov and transformed into Tsarsko Selo. In 2017, he started a new academy in Varna, called FC Varna 2017.
Academy ownership
In March 2007, under the initiative of his father Vladimir, Petrov established a football academy in Sofia. In 2010, after three consecutive years of growth, the academy formed a men's team and registered it with the Bulgarian Football Union under the name FC Sofia 2010. In the 2014–15 season, the team was playing in third league when it was bought by Stoyne Manolov. On 28 July 2016, the team was officially merged with Tsarsko Selo; the new team joined the Bulgarian Second Professional League.
In 2017, Petrov decided to start a new academy, but this time in Varna and called it FC Varna 2017. In September 2022, FC Varna 2017 become a satelite of Spartak Varna academy, where Petrov become director month earlier.
Managerial career
In August 2020, Petrov was announced as the new manager of Spartak Varna in Bulgarian Third League. The team made а peremptory run, won the 2020–21 season and returned to the Second League. The team kept up the good performances under Petrov and ended the half season in first place. On 5 May 2022, after a 2:1 home win against Sozopol he secured a top 3 place and return to the First League for the 2022–23 season, after 12 years of absence for Spartak. His team ended up on 3rd place with having the same points with first and second team in group. Petrov resigned as a manager on 11 August 2022, after his team scored just one point after the first 5 rounds in the First League. On 19 September 2022 he was announced as the new academy director of Spartak.
Managerial statistics
Career honours
Head coach
Spartak Varna
Third League:
Champions (1): 2020–21
See also
FC Sofia 2010
References
1986 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
FC Septemvri Sofia players
Association football defenders
Bulgarian football managers
PFC Spartak Varna managers
20th-century births
Panic: The Story of Modern Financial Insanity is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about the most important and severe upheavals in past financial history. The book was published on November 2, 2009 by W. W. Norton & Company. The text, Lewis writes, is an effort "to recreate the more recent financial panics, in an attempt to show how financial markets now operate."
Reception
—Review by The Guardian
References
External links
Book profile on books.wwnorton.com
Finance books
2009 non-fiction books
Business books
W. W. Norton & Company books
Books by Michael Lewis
Maria Luise Schulten (born 17 December 1950) is a music educator, musicologist and teacher.
Life and career
Born in Oeding (now Südlohn-Oeding) in the western region of Münster, Schulten passed the First Staatsexamen for the teaching profession at primary and secondary schools at the University of Cologne in 1973 and received her doctorate there in 1978 with an empirical study of the professional profile of music teachers under Helga de la Motte-Haber. She worked at various schools as a music and piano teacher and as a research assistant and lecturer for music psychology and music theory at the Universities of Cologne and Wuppertal.
In 1980, Schulten became a research assistant to Günther Noll at the universities of Düsseldorf and Cologne and habilitated in 1988 with the empirical thesis "Musikpräferenz und Musikpädagogik. Ein Beitrag zur musikpädagogischen Grundlagenforschung". She then worked as a university lecturer in music education at the Justus Liebig University of Giessen from 1988 to 1993 and as a professor of music education at the University of Münster from 1993 to 2000. In 2000, she became a professor of music education at the University of Siegen. Her research focuses on empirical classroom research, music psychological and sociological aspects of teaching and evaluation research in music education. Schulten became emeritus professor in 2014.
Schulten was a member of various specialist groups for music education at federal and state level as well as at the German Society for Music Psychology. She is currently a member of the scientific advisory board of the Federal Ministry of Education and Research research programme on (Every Child an Instrument). This music education programme, in whose scientific support Schulten was significantly involved from the beginning, was first installed in the Ruhr region in the school year 2007/08. In the future, not only instrumental lessons will be possible, but every child will be offered instruments, dancing, singing (JeKits). In the meantime, the programme also exists or is being planned in several other federal States. Schulten is also a member of the Foundation's Board of Trustees "Jedem Kind ein Instrument".
Publications
Das Berufsbild des Musiklehrers (Beiträge zur systematischen Musikwissenschaft), Gelnhausen 1979
Musikpräferenz und Musikpädagogik. Ein Beitrag zur musikpädagogischen Grundlagenforschung. Frankfurt, 1990
Die Fragestellungen wechseln, die Methode bleibt. Zur Biographie des Semantischen Differentials in der Musikpädagogik. In Vogt, Jürgen, Rolle, Christian & Heß, Frauke: Musikpädagogik und Heterogenität. Münster 2012,
together with Lothwesen, Kai Stefan: Musikpädagogik und Systematische Musikwissenschaft. Beziehungen der Disziplinen aus fach- und forschungshistorischer Perspektive. In Schläbitz, Norbert (ed.): Interdisziplinarität als Herausforderung musik-pädagogischer Forschung (Wissenschaftlichen Beirates des Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung Forschungsprogramms zu "Jedem Kind ein Instrument" Musikpädagogische Forschung vol. 30). Essen 2009,
Publisher:
Medien und Musik. Musikalische Sozialisationen 5 – 15jähriger Vol. 1, Münster 1999
Reihe: Musikvermittlung in Theorie und Praxis. LiT Verlag, Münster
References
External links
German musicologists
Women musicologists
20th-century musicologists
German music educators
University of Münster faculty
University of Siegen faculty
1950 births
Living people
People from Münster
Claudio Costa Neto (born Rio de Janeiro, December 11, 1932) is a Brazilian chemical and chemical engineer, one of the founders of the Institute of Chemistry, UFRJ. He is currently emeritus professor at the Institute of Chemistry of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro.
History
He got his BSc degree in Industrial Chemistry and Chemical Engineering from the University of Brazil (currently Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro) in 1954, Costa Neto worked under supervision of Fritz Feigl, responsible for the development of spot tests for identification and characterization of substances. He was responsible for creating the pioneering shale oil project ("projeto xistoquímica" in Portuguese). He was also responsible for the study of organic geochemistry at UFRJ.
Books
Vila Rosário: trilogy about chemistry and society: first part: why and how to eliminate tuberculosis in a society, Claudio Costa Neto, Rio de Janeiro, Calamus Publisher, 480 pages, 2002.
Organic analysis: methods and procedures for characterizing organochemicals, Claudio Costa Neto, Rio de Janeiro, UFRJ publisher, 2004, Volumes 1 and 2
People from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian chemical engineers
1932 births
Living people
Bramki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw center.
The village has a population of 1047 (data as of 30.06.2010).
References
Bramki
Ajax is a brand of integral engine / compressor manufactured by the original equipment manufacturer, Cooper Machinery Services ). Ajax is the oldest continuous engine product line manufactured in the United States and has been utilized in the oil and gas industry for 130+ years.
Ajax integral engine-compressors are gas compressors with built-in reciprocating engines. Their compact design and gas drive make them useful for field installation and work.
History
The Ajax Iron Works started in 1877 in Corry, Pennsylvania, manufacturing steam engines. In 1895, the company added gas engines to its product line, and would continue to manufacture gas and steam until the latter was discontinued following World War II. Starting in 1946, Ajax gas engines became a primary product utilized by oil and gas companies. In 1958, the first Ajax integral engine / compressor was manufactured and was specifically designed for field gas gathering applications. It was a DPC 230 and was soon followed by a complete line of Ajax integral engine-compressors from 30-360 horsepower. In 1963, the company was bought by the Cooper Cameron Corporation (Cameron). In response to demand for a larger Ajax, the DPC 600 was introduced in 1976. This was followed by the DPC 800 in 1984. Cooper Machinery Services is the current original equipment manufacturer for Ajax engines and compressors.
Today
In the 1990s, the Ajax DPC 2200 series and the DPC 2800 series were created and are still manufactured today. Cooper Machinery Services is the current original equipment manufacturer for AJAX engines.
Footnotes
References
Cooper Ajax Overview
Engines
Gas compressors
Sentinel species are organisms, often animals, used to detect risks to humans by providing advance warning of a danger. The terms primarily apply in the context of environmental hazards rather than those from other sources. Some animals can act as sentinels because they may be more susceptible or have greater exposure to a particular hazard than humans in the same environment. People have long observed animals for signs of impending hazards or evidence of environmental threats. Plants and other living organisms have also been used for these purposes.
Historical examples
There are countless examples of environmental effects on animals that later manifested in humans. The classic example is the "canary in the coal mine". The idea of placing a warm blooded animal in a mine to detect carbon monoxide was first proposed by John Scott Haldane in 1895., and canaries were used as early as 1896. Well into the 20th century, coal miners brought canaries into coal mines as an early-warning signal for toxic gases, primarily carbon monoxide. The birds, being more sensitive, would become sick before the miners, who would then have a chance to escape or put on protective respirators. In some cases, the canaries were kept in cages with dedicated oxygen tanks so the birds could survive after their illness provided a warning.
In Minamata Bay, Japan, cats developed "dancing cat fever" before humans were affected due to eating mercury-contaminated fish. Dogs were recognized as early as 1939 to be more susceptible to tonsil cancer if they were kept in crowded urban environments. Studies similarly found higher disease rates in animals exposed to tobacco smoke. Yushō disease was similarly discovered when poultry began dying at alarming rates due to polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning, although not before approximately 14,000 people were affected.
Characteristics
Animal sentinels must have measurable responses to the hazard in question, whether that is due to the animal's death, disappearance, or some other determinable aspect. Many of these species are ideally unendangered and easy to handle. It is important that the species' range overlap with the range being studied. Often the ideal species is determined by the characteristics of the hazard.
For example, honey bees are susceptible to air pollution. Similarly both bats and swallows have been used to monitor pesticide contamination due to their diet of insects that may have been affected by the chemicals. By the same token, aquatic animals, or their direct predators, are used as sentinel species to monitor water pollution.
Some species may show effects of a contaminant before humans due to their size, their reproductive rate, or their increased exposure to the contaminant.
Specific applications
Toxic gases
Canaries were iconically used in coal mines to detect the presence of carbon monoxide. The bird's rapid breathing rate, small size, and high metabolism, compared to the miners, led birds in dangerous mines to succumb before the miners, thereby giving the miners time to take action.
Air and water pollution
A number of animals have been used to measure varying kinds of air pollution. These include honey bees for air pollution, bivalve molluscs for online water-quality survey and pigeons for atmospheric lead. Bats and swallows have been used to monitor pesticide contamination due to their diet of insects that may have been affected by the chemicals.
Aquatic DDT pollution has been quantitatively measured in California fish. PCB has been measured through the analysis of fish livers. Toxaphene concentrations were discovered far from the area of its use through analysis of trout in the Great Lakes. The evidence of atmospheric transport of the substance influenced the subsequent prohibition of its widespread use. Alligators may have been used to warn of hazardous contamination in Centreville, Mississippi retention ponds.
Scientists also monitor crayfish in the wild in natural bodies of water to study the levels of pollutants there.
The Protivin brewery in the Czech Republic uses crayfish outfitted with sensors to detect any changes in their bodies or pulse activity in order to monitor the purity of the water used in their product. The creatures are kept in a fish tank that is fed with the same local natural source water used in their brewing. If three or more of the crayfish have changes to their pulses, employees know there is a change in the water and examine the parameters.
Infectious diseases
The discovery of West Nile virus in the Western Hemisphere was heralded by an outbreak of disease in crows and other wild birds. Other emerging diseases have demonstrated linkages between animal health events and human risk, including monkeypox, SARS, and avian influenza. In outbreaks of bubonic plague, rats begin dying out before humans.
Household toxins
Dogs may provide early warning of lead poisoning hazards in a home, and certain cancers in dogs and cats have been linked to household exposures to pesticides, cigarette smoke, and other carcinogens.
Cultural references
Kurt Vonnegut in an interview compared the function of artists in human society to coal-mine canaries; see Wikiquote.
See also
Guard dog
Indicator species
Stack canary
Warrant canary
References
Further reading
External links
The Canary Database: Animals As Sentinels of Human Environmental Health Hazards
Online biomonitoring of water quality by a permanent record of bivalve molluscs' behavior and physiology (biological rhythms, growth rate, spawning, early warning), 24/7, worldwide: the MolluSCAN eye project
Environmental conservation
Mine safety
In Sumerian mythology, Nammu (also Namma, spelled ideographically dNAMMA = dENGUR) was a primeval goddess, corresponding to Tiamat in Babylonian mythology.
Nammu was the Goddess of the primordial sea, who was associated with the oldest generation of Mesopotamian deities and given the title "mother who gave birth to the heavens and the earth". Nammu's mate was Engur, representing the freshwater reservoir that the Sumerians believed lay beneath the earth, the source of life-giving water and fertility in a country with almost no rainfall. In Sumerian mythology, Nammu, with Engur, gave birth to Anshar (all-father) and Kishar (all-mother), who, in turn, had An (sky father) and Ki (earth mother).
Nammu is not well attested in Sumerian mythology. She may have been of greater importance prehistorically, before Enki took over most of her husband Engur's functions. An indication of her continued relevance may be found in the theophoric name of Ur-Nammu, the founder of the Third Dynasty of Ur.
According to the Neo-Sumerian mythological text Enki and Ninmah, Enki is the son of An and Nammu (the goddess who "has given birth to the great gods"). It is she who has the idea of creating mankind, and she goes to wake up Enki, who is asleep in the Apsu, so that he may set the process going.
The Atrahasis-Epos has it that Enlil requested from Nammu the creation of humans, and Nammu told him that with the help of Enki (her son) she can create humans in the image of gods.
Reay Tannahill in Sex in History (1980) singled out Nammu as the "only female prime mover" in the cosmogonic myths of antiquity.
A votive inscription to Namma, by Lugal-kisalsi, King of Uruk circa 2380 BCE:
References
External links
Ancient Mesopotamian Gods and Goddesses: Namma (goddess)
Electronic Text Corpus of Sumerian Literature
Mesopotamian goddesses
Sea and river goddesses
Creator goddesses
Legendary serpents
Tiamat
Greenways Road () is a road and neighbourhood in Chennai, India. It is lined with the official residences of ministers of Tamil Nadu state government and judges of Chennai High Court. It also houses the Tahsildar district magistrate office of the Mylapore-Triplicane taluk. A park and memorial named after B. R. Ambedkar, the Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University, Tamil Nadu Judicial Academy, Jesus Calls Prayer Tower, Kutchipudi Art Academy, Tamil Nadu Government Music College (Broodies Castle), Tamil Nadu Human Rights Commission, Anna Institute of Management, Dr. MGR Janaki College of Arts and Science for Women are located on this road. Part of this road is now renamed after D. G. S. Dinakaran. After the Eliphanstone Bridge (and later Thiru Vi Ka Bridge) was built a new road connecting Adyar to Greenways Road named Adyar Bridge Road (now Dr. Durgabai Deshmuk Road) was formed. Meenakshi Cinetone, one of the oldest cinema studios in Chennai (later Neptune (Sathya Studios now Sathyabama MGR Maligai)) and Jupiter Studios was also located on this road.
Transport
Greenways Road also boasts a MRTS station on the Beach–Velachery MRTS Line.
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
The Big World of Little Adam was a series of television cartoons that debuted in syndication in 1964.
In the early 1960s, producer Fred Ladd acquired a large number of NASA documentary short subjects and packaged them as 110 five-minute episodes. Inexpensive animated wraparounds, featuring the inquisitive Little Adam and his younger brother Wilbur, were added to open and close the segments.
The episodes were made available in syndication either as half-hour blocks or individually, often appearing interspersed within blocks of cartoons on local TV stations. The early 60s shorts became outdated after the Apollo 11 moon landing in 1969, and the show fell out of syndication by the early 1970s.
Little Adam's voice was performed by John Megna; Wilbur was played by Craig Sechler.
Partial list of episodes
Aerospace Ship
A Far-Away Cry
Aim for the Stars
Aim for the Sun
Blueprints from Space
Breathing in Space
Echo in Space
Flying the Blizzard
Gemini: The Space Twins
How Not to Fly to Venus
Kitty Hawk to Mars
Man in a Spacesuit
Man on the Moon
Mercury in Orbit
Mercury Man in Space
Missing Spaceman
OAO-Telescope in Space
Our Wandering Planet
Pictures from Space
Recovery at Sea
Star Glazers
The Amazing Maser
The Dust Storm
The Flaming Re-entry
The Highest Wind
The Middle Ear
The Space Tug
The World Tomorrow
To Take the Moon
Track of the Capsule
Voice from Space
Voices from the Moon
War of the Satellites
What Scares You
Zero Gravity
Zero Plus Five!
References
1960s American animated television series
1964 American television series debuts
American children's animated adventure television series
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Year of television series ending missing
Rich Espey is an American playwright from Baltimore, Maryland. His plays include Hope's Arbor, which won the Carol Weinberg Award in 2006; Fifty-Fifty which won top honors at the Baltimore Playwrights Festival in 2003; Martha's Choice; Near and Far; Potter County, named Best Production of 2005-2006 by the Baltimore City Paper; and Ben's Extraordinary Experiment!.<ref>Dance, Listen, Watch, The Washington Post, Aug 7, 2003</ref>Hope's Arbor'', Espey's most highly regarded play, premiered in Baltimore in 2007, and then ran at the Gallery Players in New York City in 2008. The New York production starred Lauren Marcus and Justine Campbell-Elliott.
References
Living people
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1992 season was the first season of competitive football (soccer) in Lithuania as an independent nation since regaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
Lietuvos Makabi Vilnius won that season's domestic cup.
National Leagues
A Lyga
I Lyga
Lithuanian Cup
Final
National team
Senior team
References
External links
1992/1993 season on RSSSF
National Team Results
RSSSF Baltic Cup 1992
Marsaskala Sports Club is a waterpolo club from Marsaskala, Malta. The club was founded in 1927.
For sponsorship reasons, the club is currently known as Marsaskala Fish and Fish.
History
Up until 1972, there was a Marsascala Aquatic Sports Club which however was "dissolved due to internal conflicts".
Current Squad
As at June 15, 2021:
Jurgen Micallef
Jean Claude Cutajar
Kyle Navarro
Jake Ciantar
Liam Grixti
Paul privitera
Ayrton Camenzuli
Mark Carani
Malcolm Manara
Gian Luca Galea
Aidan Muscat
Dalton Camilleri
Gerald Sammut
Luca Felice
Stephen Micallef
Head Coach: Arpad Babay
References
External links
Official Website
Water polo clubs in Malta
Canadian Football News in 1932
The Calgary Altomah-Tigers became the Altomahs.
The Regina Roughriders made history by playing in their fifth consecutive Grey Cup game. It was a record that would last 50 years, only surpassed by the 1977-1982 Edmonton Eskimos. It also marked the fifth straight defeat at the Grey Cup. The Hamilton Tigers took home their third Grey Cup in five years.
Regular season
Final regular season standings
Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points
*Bold text means that they have clinched the playoffs.
* The Garrison team defaulted one game to each of the Winnipegs and St.John's
* Quakers defaulted final game of season to Varsity
League Champions
Grey Cup Playoffs
Note: All dates in 1932
SRFU Tie-Breaker
Regina advances to the MB/SK Semi-Final against the Winnipeg St.John's.
Semi-Finals
Hamilton advances to the East Final.
Calgary won the total-point series by 11–10. Calgary advances to the Western Final.
Regina advances to the Western Final.
Finals
Hamilton advances to the Grey Cup game.
Regina advances to the Grey Cup game.
Playoff Bracket
Grey Cup Championship
1932 Eastern (Combined IRFU & ORFU) All-Stars selected by Canadian Press
NOTE: During this time most players played both ways, so the All-Star selections do not distinguish between some offensive and defensive positions.
FW - Don Young, McGill University
HB - Frank Turville, Hamilton Tigers
HB - Gord Perry, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
HB - Wally Masters, Ottawa Rough Riders
QB - Hal Baysinger, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
C - Lou Newton, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
G - Alex Denman, Hamilton Tigers
G - Pete Jotkus, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
T - Brian Timmis, Hamilton Tigers
T - Dave Sprague, Hamilton Tigers
E - Jimmy Keith, Toronto Argonauts
E - Henri Garbarino, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
Coach - Frank Shaughnessy, McGill University
NOTE: This was the first Canadian Press eastern all-star selection.
1932 Canadian Football Awards
Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy (IRFU MVP) – Alex Denman (OG), Hamilton Tigers
References
Canadian Football League seasons
Çetinsu is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Farley is a village in southeast Wiltshire, England, about east of Salisbury.
Geography
Farley is one of the Dun Valley villages, together with East Grimstead, West Dean and Pitton. Streams which form the River Dun rise to the west and south of Farley, and the river flows east into Hampshire.
Local government
The civil parish of Pitton and Farley encompasses the villages of Pitton and Farley. The parish elects a parish council. It is in the area of Wiltshire Council unitary authority, which is responsible for all significant local government functions.
Notable buildings
A block of 12 dwellings for poor elderly persons, with accommodation for a warden and containing a schoolroom, was built for Sir Stephen Fox in 1681 by Alexander Fort. (Sir Stephen also founded the Royal Hospital Chelsea, London, which was designed and built by Christopher Wren; Fort was Wren's master mason.) The building, also known as Fox's Hospital, is Grade I listed. It continues to operate as a charity.
A National School was built in 1867 immediately east of the church, with space for 80 pupils. It gained voluntary aided status in 1955, when there were 26 attending. Numbers rose in the 1980s and 1990s but then fell, and the school closed in August 2005.
Parish church
The Anglican Church of All Saints was built in 1690 by Sir Stephen Fox (1627–1716) probably to the design of Alexander Fort, opposite the almshouses also built by him. It is built in red brick, in English bond, with stone dressings. The font is original. The church was restored in 1875 by Ewan Christian and designated as Grade I listed in 1960.
The churches at Farley and Pitton were chapelries of St Mary's at Alderbury until 1874, when the parish of Farley with Pitton was established, with Farley church as the parish church. Today the parish is one of the ten covered by the Clarendon team ministry.
Amenities
The village has a nursery school and a pub, the Hook and Glove. Farley Cricket Club was founded around 1866 and plays in the Hampshire Cricket League.
Blackmoor Copse, a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest which is managed as a nature reserve by the Wiltshire Wildlife Trust, lies east of the village.
Notable people
Sir Stephen Fox (1627–1716), politician and Paymaster of the Forces, born at Farley
Sir Hugh Norman-Walker (1916–1985), colonial official and Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong, retired to Farley
References
External links
Farley Hospital – website for the charity that manages the building
Villages in Wiltshire
Tun Min (also known as Maung Myanmar Tun Min) is a Myanmar's two-time gold medal winning professional bodybuilder. He won first prize in the 65-kilo men's freehand competition and silver medals in Asian Bodybuilding and Fitness Championships in 2017.
Early life
Tun was born on 1970 in Yaw, Magwe Region, Myanmar.
Competitive placings
2018 11th World Body Building and Physique Sports Champions (winner)
2018 Asian Body Building And Physique Sports Championship 2018 (Silver Medal)
2017 The 51st Asian Bodybuilding and Physique Sports Championships (Gold Medal — Men Bodybuilding 65 kg)
2012 WBPF World Championships (4th Runner-Up— Men Bodybuilding 60 kg)
SEA Championships (1st Runner-Up— Men Bodybuilding 60 kg)
2011 WBPF World Men's Bodybuilding Championships (3rd Runner-Up— Men Bodybuilding 60 kg)
Asian and World Bodybuilding & Physique Sports Championships (2nd Runner-Up— Asian Men Bodybuilding 60 kg)
References
Burmese bodybuilders
Living people
Professional bodybuilders
People from Magway Division
1970 births
Burmese male bodybuilders
Lectionary 1682, designated by symbol ℓ 1682 in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves, dated paleographically to the 16th century.
Description
It is written in Greek cursive letters, on 131 leaves (27 by 14.5 cm), 1 column per page, 24 lines per page.
The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary (Evangelistarium) with some lacunae.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum Münster (MS. 14).
See also
List of New Testament lectionaries
Textual criticism
Bible Museum Münster
References
Further reading
S. P. Lambros, Νέος Ἑλληνομνήμων 12 (1915), p. 232-233.
External links
Lectionary 1682 at the CSNTM
Manuscripts of the Bible Museum
Greek New Testament lectionaries
16th-century biblical manuscripts
Tejgadh is a village in the Vadodara district of Gujarat, India. It is most noted for its Bhasa Research Centre (BRC) of which G. N. Devy is a founder member. The BRC runs the Bhasha Tribal Academy, which is a social service organization aiming for the development of local tribals. It also operates a museum showcasing tribal crafts and library.
It is the home of the Rathwa clan of Adivasis, or Indian tribal people.
References
External links
Tejgadh tribals chart own course
Villages in Vadodara district
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 8, 1988.
Primaries were held on March 15.
Election information
Turnout
Turnout during the primary was 42.56%, with 2,552,932 ballots cast (with 1,588,438 Democratic ballots, 899,153 Republican ballots, 418 Illinois Solidarity, and 34,923 nonpartisan ballots cast).
Turnout during the general election was 73.89%, 4,697,192 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1988.
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for Republican ticket of George H. W. Bush and Dan Quayle.
This was the sixth consecutive election in which the state had voted for the Republican ticket in a presidential election. As of the 2020 election, it is also the last time that the state has voted for the Republican ticket.
United States House
All of Illinois' 22 congressional seats were up for reelection in 1988.
State elections
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1988. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1988. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
Trustees of University of Illinois
A regularly-scheduled election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system for full six-year terms, while a special election was held to fill an additional seat for a partial term.
Regular election
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system for six-year terms.
The election saw the election of new three new trustees, Republicans Donald W. Grabowski and Judith Reese as well as Democrat Ken Boyle.
First-term incumbent Democrat Albert N. Logan lost reelection.
Third-term incumbent Democrats George W. Howard III and William D. Forsyth Jr. were not nominated for reelection.
Special election
A special election was held to fill the trustee seat left vacant by Democrat Anne E. Smith. Smith's unexpired term would end in 1991. The seat was filled by the interim appointment of Republican Paul R. Cicero. He was defeated by Democrat Gloria Jackson Bacon.
Turnout in the special election was 60.60%.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 1988.
Ballot measures
Illinois voters voted on several ballot measures in 1988. In order to be approved, measures required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the measure or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Redemption Period for Tax Delinquent Property Amendment
The Illinois Redemption Period for Tax Delinquent Property Amendment, a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which would amend Article IX, Section 8 of the Constitution of Illinois to modify the redemption period on the sale of a tax delinquent property, failed to meet either threshold to amend the constitution. It only missed the threshold of 60% of votes cast specifically on the measure by a mere 0.87% margin (21,960 votes).
Voting Requirement Amendment
Voters approved the Voting Requirement Amendment, a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which amended Article III, Section 1 of the Constitution of Illinois to lower the voting age in the state constitution to 18 and lower the residency requirement to vote to 30 days.
The voting age in Illinois was already 18, due to the passage of the Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution. However, the voting age in the state constitution (superseded by United States Constitution) was still 21.
Proposed call for a Constitutional Convention
A measure which would call for a state constitutional convention failed. Article XIV of the Constitution of Illinois requires that Illinois voters be asked at least every 20 years if they desire a constitutional convention, thus this election was an automatic ballot referral. It was constitutionally required to be held, since the last vote on holding a constitutional convention had occurred in 1968.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll High School is a private high school in The Hammocks, Dade County, Florida, United States, that was opened in 1998. Sponsored by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami, it is accredited through the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Named after the first Archbishop of Miami, Coleman Francis Carroll, the school's mascot is the Bulldog.
Monsignor Gerard Thomas La Cerra was the first supervising principal of Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll High School.
Students wear a uniform consisting of a solid white or light blue shirt, ACHS khaki slacks, a black leather belt, black shoes, and a student ID with ACHS lanyard. As of the 2019–2020 school year, there are 300 students enrolled in grades nine through twelve.
Academics
AP Courses:
AP Calculus I AB
AP Calculus II BC
AP English Language and Composition
AP English Literature and Composition
AP Psychology
AP Studio Art
AP World History
AP United States History
AP European History
AP Human Geography
The Dual Enrollment Program is an accelerated program that allows eligible students to take postsecondary coursework and simultaneously earn high school and college credits prior to high school graduation. ACHS has two programs:
Dual Enrollment Courses through Miami-Dade College and
Dual Enrollment Courses through St. Thomas University.
Athletics
Sponsored sports activities at the school include:
Baseball
Basketball (Men's)
Basketball (Women's)
Cheerleading
Dance
Soccer (Men's)
Soccer (Women's)
Softball
Volleyball (Men's)
Volleyball (Women's)
Notable alumni
Aimee Carrero, actress
Rodney Smith, wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts
Amida Brimah professional basketball player.
References
External links
School website
Educational institutions established in 1998
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Private high schools in Miami-Dade County, Florida
1998 establishments in Florida
Dvarčininkai (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 5 people. It is located from Aristava, by the KK229 road, next to the Juodkiškiai Reservoir.
There is a former cemetery site (a cultural heritage object).
Demography
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
Ulesie may refer to the following places in Poland:
Ulesie, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Ulesie, Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Ulesie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Francis Joseph Carr (21 April 1919 – July 2010) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for York City, and was on the books of Rotherham United without making a league appearance.
References
1919 births
People from Maltby, South Yorkshire
2010 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
Rotherham United F.C. players
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
Footballers from Yorkshire
İğdir, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Jonny Logan is an Italian humorous comic book series, created in 1971 by Romano Garofalo as writer and by Leone Cimpellin (under the pen name "Ghilbert") as artist and was published monthly by Edizioni Dardo.
Background
The comic series, similar in its structure to Alan Ford, featured a Milanese crackpot team of bounty hunters grappling with topical problems of the Italy of the time, such as terrorism, mafia infiltration in politics, abrogative referendum about divorce, taxes, internal emigration. The comics achieved a large commercial success, with a circulation of over 100,000 copies per month and a number of fan clubs all over Italy. The series was also published in France, Greece and Jugoslavia.
The title character was inspired in his traits by the actor and comedian Lando Buzzanca, at the time at the peak of his popularity.
In the second half of seventies the success start to decline, and the series was interrupted in December 1978; seventy-seven issues were released in total.
In 2012, on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the comic series, a special issue was published in digital form.
A series of animation shorts was produced for the RAI TV-series Supergulp.
References
Further reading
Andrea Leggeri, "Chi l'ha letto? - Jonny Logan", Classix, n°17, June 2008.
Davide Barzi (cured by), Quaderni d'autore: Leo Cimpellin/Leo Ortolani. Edizioni IF, 2002.
Italian comics titles
Logan, Jonny
Logan, Jonny
1971 comics debuts
Adventure comics
Satirical comics
Italian children's animated superhero television series
Logan, Jonny
Logan, Jonny
Fictional characters from Milan
Shirahige-Tawara Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Kitsuki City, Oita Prefecture. The Old shrine status is Gosha. Known for its Doburoku festival.
Deities
Amatsuhitakahikoho no Mikoto
Sarutahiko Ōkami
Amen-Ukemikoto and 51 others.
Doburoku Festival
The Doburoku Festival has continued for more than 1,300 years since 710 (Wado3), and is held annually on October 17 and 18.。In recent years, many areas have been designated as Doburoku Special Zones where the production of doburoku is allowed, but the shrine was the only one in Kyushu to be authorized by the National Tax Agency before the special zone for structural reform (special zone) began.
The festival consists of a festival on the day before the festival on October 17 and a grand festival on October 18. Doburoku is served on both days, and on the 18th, a mikoshi parade is held. On the 18th, a mikoshi parade is held. In addition, a "Beard Boast Contest" is held in two categories, one for black hair and the other for beards, named after the shrine.
The series of events that began on September 25 and continued until the annual festival on October 18 were selected as Kunitoh no toya event by the government on December 20, 1984 (Showa 59) as an . It was also selected as a Doburoku Festival of Shirahige Shrine by Oita Prefecture on March 23, 1971 as a ''Selected Intangible Folk Cultural Property.
Transportation
20 minutes drive from Oita Airport Road Kitsuki IC.
During the Doburoku Festival, a temporary bus service is available from JR Kyushu Nippō Main Line Kitsuki Station.
References
Shinto shrines in Ōita Prefecture
Pages with unreviewed translations
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Stage 2 was the second event of the season and is held in Hochfilzen, Austria, from 13 to 15 December 2019.
Schedule of events
The events took place at the following times.
Medal winners
Men
Women
References
Biathlon World Cup - Stage 2, 2019-20
2019–20 Biathlon World Cup
Biathlon World Cup - Stage 2
Biathlon competitions in Austria
Zangaradougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 99 square kilometers and includes five villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,818. The village of Zangaradougou, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 11 km northeast of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
McEvans Warriors K-12 School, formerly Shaw High School, is a public K-12 school in Shaw, Mississippi. It is a part of the West Bolivar Consolidated School District. Until 2014 it was in the Shaw School District, which served Shaw and Skene.
History
The former Shaw High School building was first built in 1923. it had 158 students. Leland School District offers vocational training to Shaw High School students.
McEvans Negro High School formerly existed. In 1958 the school had almost 1,000 students. The building was destroyed in a fire in 1958, causing about $115,000 in damages.
Both Shaw High and McEvans Elementary were in the Shaw School District until July 1, 2014, when that district was consolidated into West Bolivar Consolidated.
At one point the condition of the Shaw High building, at 214 Dean Boulevard, deteriorated to the point where the high school moved in with McEvans Elementary School. In 2020 the facility was renamed the McEvans School and became K-12. Shaw High had green and gold as its colors with a hawk mascot while McEvans Elementary had gold, maroon, and white as colors with a hawk mascot. The school board normally would have asked for more student participation but the COVID-19 pandemic in Mississippi dampened this. The board chose gold, maroon, and white as colors and a warrior mascot.
References
External links
- West Bolivar Consolidated School District
- Shaw School District
Public high schools in Mississippi
Public middle schools in Mississippi
Public elementary schools in Mississippi
Public K-12 schools in the United States
Schools in Bolivar County, Mississippi
1923 establishments in Mississippi
Educational institutions established in 1923
Count Claes Adolph Fleming (1771–1831) was a Swedish court official and diplomat, and member of the Swedish Academy. He was the one of very few personal friends and confidants of king Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden, and according to Hedvig Elisabeth Charlotte of Holstein-Gottorp he was often courted by petitioners, but normally refused to make use of his influence. He was given numerous diplomatic missions by the king, and accompanied him to Saint Petersburg in 1796.
References
1771 births
1831 deaths
Swedish diplomats
19th-century Swedish people
Swedish courtiers
Members of the Swedish Academy
Swedish royal favourites
Knights of the Order of Charles XIII
Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator. It is developed by Chugai Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Granocyte.
References
Immunostimulants
Bodinayakkanur railway station is a railway station on Madurai–Bodinayakkanur branch line, serving the town of Bodinayakkanur in Tamil Nadu state, India. Currently it is closed, as the line is under gauge conversion, from metre to broad gauge.
The station is part of the Madurai railway division of the Southern Railway zone and connects the city to various parts of the state as well as the rest of the country.
It is one of the rare railway stations in India where all the historic Indian gauges – 610mm, 762mm, 1000mm – are used. Currently it is being converted to 1676mm broad gauge.
Location and layout
The railway station is located off the Railway Station Road in Suburaj Nagar, Bodinayakkanur. The nearest bus depot is located in Bodinayakkanur while the nearest airport is Madurai Airport, situated away in Madurai.
Lines
The station is the terminus of Madurai–Bodinayakkanur line. Currently it is under gauge conversion from metre gauge to broad gauge. The metre-gauge tracks have already been removed.
History
Teni Junction railway station was inaugurated on 1909 as a Light railway line (610mm), later that line was closed due to World War I in 1915. Later Bodinayakkanur railway station was inaugurated together with the Madurai–Bodinayakkanur 90 km branch line in as narrow-gauge railway (762mm) by the Madras Provincial revenue member Norman Marjoribanks. Later in 1942, during the Second World War, the line was closed and the tracks were removed. After India's Independence, between 1953 and 1954, the track was restored.
The Madurai–Bodinayakkanur line was sanctioned for gauge conversion, from metre-gauge () to broad-gauge (). It was closed on 1 January 2011, expecting to reopen it by 2012, but due to lack of funds, the project advanced at very slow pace. Finally, on 23 January 2020, the first stretch between and Usilampatti (37 km) was inaugurated, after passing the inspection of the Commission of Railway Safety. The remaining 53 km Usilampatti–Bodinayakkanur section is expected to reopen in April 2020.
During 1909 a narrow-gauge railway line existed between Kodaikanal Road railway station to Kumily Lower Camp via Nilakottai, Periyakulam, Theni, Cumbum. It had several branch lines in-between Periyakulam to Kodaikanal foothills and theni to Kottagudi. Near Kottagudi, the Kundala Valley Railway line's Topslip railway station is present at a distance of 5 km. This railway line had been closed due to World War I as well as due to poor patronage.
The current railway line alignment between Theni railway station to Bodinayakkanur railway station follows the same alignment of the old railway line alignment which is existed during 1910 between Theni to Kottagudi branch railway line. The new railway line is constructed from Theni to later in 1928 as Madurai – Bodinayakkanur branch line, now this line is existed and is currently under gauge conversion from metre gauge to broad gauge. The old railway line from to Kumily is dismantled due to World War I as well as poor patronage.
Services
As of January 2020, there are no train services. According to the Madurai Member of the Parliament, S. Venkatesan, the train will run to by the end of February 2020, and by April, up to the terminus at Bodinayakkanur, when is expected to complete the gauge conversion works on the branch line.
References
External links
Madurai railway division
Railway stations in Theni district
Railway terminus in India
Iranian/Persian traditional music (also known as mūsīqī-e sonnatī-e īrānī or mūsīqī-e aṣīl-e īrānī) is now modernly classified into the Dastgāh system. This system is a modal system, in the fact that it utilizes distinct modes of music, in this case seven. Each of these seven modes, referred to as Dastgāh, are then classified into smaller units (usually only one), each called an āvāz. Every āvāz consists of short pieces and melodies of music called the gousheh that, although each has its own characteristics, share one central characteristic in the āvāz.
The seven main Dastgāh of Iranian music are modernly known as Shour, Māhour, Homāyoun, Segāh, Chāhārgāh, Rāstpanjgāh, and Navā. Each of these seven is considered to be its own āvāz. Yet, Dastgāh-e Shour also contains the four āvāz-e Abou'atā, āvāz-e Bayāt-e-Tork, āvāz-e Afshāri, and āvāz-e Dashti along with its own āvāz-e Shour. Similarly, Dastgāh-e Homāyoun contains both āvāz-e Homāyoun and āvāz-e Esfahān. Shour is mainly considered the mother of all Dastgāh.
The classification is as below:
Dastgāh-e Šur (mother of all Dastgāh)
Āvāz-e Dashti
Āvāz-e Abou'atā
Āvāz-e Bayāt-e Tork
Āvāz-e Bayāt-e Kord
Āvāz-e Afshāri
Dastgāh-e Homāyoun
Āvāz-e Bayāt-e Esfahān
Dastgāh-e Segāh (third place)
Dastgāh-e Chāhārgāh (fourth place)
Dastgāh-e Rāstpanjgāh (fifth place)
Dastgāh-e Māhur
Dastgāh-e Navā
A complete book in Iranian traditional music is called the radif, which consists of all seven Dastgāh. Such a radif would traditionally be written by the master, the ostād, and then played, learned, and thoroughly memorized by the apprentice before he could become a master. Each radif consists of approximately 200–400 gousheh.
References
Lashgari, Manouchehr. Radif of Iranian Music. Chang Publications, 2003, p. 3.
Iranian music
The 1928 Colgate football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University as an independent during the 1928 college football season. In it first season under head coach Earl Abell, Colgate compiled a 6–3 record and outscored opponents by a total of 175 to 107.
Schedule
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate football
321 Studios was a privately held company headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri with a sales office in Berkeley, California. The company was a leading provider of DVD authoring software, including the highly controversial DVD X Copy product line of DVD copy software. The DVDXCopy family of products enabled novice computer users to quickly and easily copy any DVD movie, including DVD movies protected with the Content Scrambling System (CSS). 321 Studios' products were sold through most major North American and International retailers and worldwide through the company's website.
In February 2004, after a three-year legal battle with several of the major Hollywood studios, the DVDXCopy products were deemed by a California court to be in violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) in the case 321 Studios v. Metro Goldwyn Mayer Studios, Inc. and were banned from selling DVD Content Scrambling System circumvention software. The company was shut down in August 2004.
Citations
External links
PC Mag article on DVD X Copy
AfterDawn article about 321 Studios' shutdown
DVD companies of the United States
DVD rippers
Privately held companies based in Missouri
Companies disestablished in 2004
The Astor Home for Children building, home to Astor Services for Children & Families, is located on Mill Street (US 9) in Rhinebeck, New York, United States. It is sponsored by Catholic Charities in the Archdiocese of New York, and provides mental health services to children on an inpatient and outpatient basis.
The institution began in 1904 as Holiday Farm in nearby Rhinecliff. In 1914, Vincent Astor hired the New York City architectural firm of McKim, Mead & White to design the present building for the facility, which bought the land and moved in. Catholic Charities took over ownership upon Astor's death three decades later. In the mid-20th century, major additions were made to the property, but enough of its original buildings remain for it to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
History
Alice Morton, daughter of former state governor and U.S. Vice President Levi P. Morton, founded Holiday Farm in 1902 as a home for convalescent children. It accepted boys age six to nine, and girls six to fifteen. The group did not accept the "feeble-minded", nor those with heart conditions. The children had to present a doctor's certificate that neither they, nor anyone in their family was contagious. They were picked up at Grand Central Station and brought to Rhinebeck. Train fare, board and clothing were provided free. In 1917, Vincent Astor served as president, with Helen Dinsmore Huntington as Secretary.
Ten years later it bought the current property for $1 after another wealthy and prominent part-time resident of the area, Vincent Astor, hired McKim, Mead & White to design the building. At that point the property consisted of the home, with only its east wing, and the guest cottage, possibly used as a staff residence.
At some point later, the facility was renamed the John Jacob Astor Home For Convalescent Children. In 1945, Catholic Charities took over operation of the home. Seven years later, in 1952, they decided to change the focus of the program to children with emotional problems. The two west wings were added in 1954 and 1963 respectively to facilitate this new mission. Vincent Astor died on February 3, 1959.
In 1966 the home opened an outpatient facility in Rhinebeck. Eight years later, in 1974, it became one of the first mental health facilities in the country accredited by the Joint Commission, and in 1978 began operating Head Start in Dutchess County. The Astor Learning Center, a private school for children with emotional problems, was opened on the grounds in 1980. In recognition of this expanded programming, the new name was adopted in 2009.
Property
The Astor Home is on an parcel, bounded on the east by Route 9 and on the south by Landsman Kill. It is gently undulating and mostly wooded. Two of the five buildings and structures on it, the home and a guest cottage, are considered contributing resources to its listing on the National Register.
Main building
A short circular driveway leads from Route 9 to the parking lot, where the main building's northern entrance facade dominates. It is an H-shaped two-story building with a steeply pitched cross-gabled slate roof. It has many distinctive Jacobean features, such as vertical emphasis via the roof gables from which rise brick chimneys with corbeled chimney pots. There are projecting end wings and classically inspired door and window decoration trimmed in stone. The main entrance is located in a portico with four Corinthian columns supporting a full entablature done in bas-relief.
On the rear, two-story wings project from the southeast and southwest corners. The east has a brick and stucco wing with decorative brickwork in a diagonal pattern above the first story. There are two wings on the east, both later additions of brick and concrete. A chapel and another, smaller wing are attached to the corners of one. All the wings on this elevation are considered non-contributing since they were added in the mid-20th century.
The building's interior has been extensively modified over the years to serve the facility's needs. It retains little of its original floor plan.
Outbuildings
Near the west wing are the two non-contributing buildings on the property, both modern garages. A swimming pool, likewise too new to be contributing, is located to the south of.
Several hundred yards to the south of the main building is the other contributing resource, the guest cottage. It is a clapboard-sided frame two-story house on a stone foundation built into a hillside so that only one story is exposed on the north (rear) facade. Its gabled roof has overhanging eaves. A two-tiered porch runs along the entire south facade.
References
External links
Astor Services for Children & Families
Buildings and structures in Rhinebeck, New York
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
U.S. Route 9
Organizations established in 1904
Jacobean architecture in the United States
Residential buildings completed in 1914
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County, New York
McKim, Mead & White buildings
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1993 season.
Overview
Flying Camel won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
1
Taipei
Taipei
The theory of narrative thought (TNT) is designed to bridge the gap between the neurological functioning of the brain and the flow of everyday conscious experience.
Background
TNT is a refinement of image theory, which was developed as an alternative to rational choice theory. The essence of image theory is that decisions are shaped by long-term attempts to manage the future rather than short-term results. The image theory model of the decision process, called the compatibility test, held up in both laboratory and field tests and has been retained in TNT.
Image theory's weakness was its failure to adequately specify the concept of image. Attempts to specify it led to its replacement by narrative, the definition of which was based upon the work of Walter R. Fisher (1987) in communication theory. Exploration of the definition's implications led to TNT, in which narrative is proposed as the primary mode of human thought.
Nature of narrative
The theory begins with the observation that the brain bundles sequences of sensations into events. In a causal world, sequentially implies causation and causation implies time. The result is that sensed events are organized by time and causation. The formal name for this form of organization is narrative; a chain of caused events leading from the past to the present. The theory posits that the evolutionary value of this organization lies in its use of the causal implications of the past and present to infer what may reasonably be expected to occur in the immediate future. This allows potential threats to be identified and evaluated and action to be taken to avoid or to reduce potential damage before the future actually arrives. This ongoing chronicle of one's experience is called one's prime narrative. It is the bedrock knowledge one has of one's world, the source of one's intuitive reasoning, the basis of one's private thought, and the source for one's communications with others.
Coherence
The more straightforward the causal chain from the past, through the present, and into the implied future, the more coherent the prime narrative is. The more coherent it is, the more plausible it is and hence the more certain one is that it represents reality. Absent this, one would have no reliable basis for anticipating the future and its attendant threats. The need for coherence and certainty is called the coherence principle: The reality offered by the prime narrative is believed to the degree to which the narrative is coherent and action is prompted by the necessity to maintain or increase that degree of belief. The principle manifests itself in resistance to experience (information) that would reduce coherence as well as in openness to and search for experience that increases coherence.
Language
By the time one is able to speak in meaningful sentences, one has experienced a rich and varied world involving a large number of causally related events that can be used for predicting events in the future. This experience is absorbed into the prime narrative, enriching and expanding understanding about what is going on and what to expect in the immediate future. But, fundamental as it is, the richly detailed prime narrative is inconvenient for communication, which requires simpler, more adaptable stories that fit the context. Consequently, the prime narrative must be abridged for communicating with others in the form of simplified story lines, omission of detail, and contextualization. It is further abridged for communicating with ourselves (thinking) in the form of subvocalization and imagery. These abridged versions of the prime narrative are themselves narratives; they retain the temporal/causal structure of the original but they are pared down, the gist, the strongest causal links and events, relegating everything else to the background. These abridgments are called derived narratives.
Derived narratives are key to an expanded vision of the future. The prime narrative's implied future is limited to the immediate consequences of what is happening now and what led up to it. This frequently allows insufficient time for identification and mitigation of threats before they occur. A longer lead time requires the implied future be expanded, which relies upon thinking and communicating with others about what may lie beyond it. Because the prime narrative is the bedrock knowledge for thinking and communication, and coherence is imperative, the expanded future is constrained to provide a coherent extension of it.
Standards and threats
With the acquisition of language comes the ability to receive communications from significant others about the rules of one's social group. These rules, called standards, are about how the world should work. Standards define security, enduring values and beliefs, and transient preferences. Security includes physical and mental well-being, acceptance, affiliation, affection, and so on. Values and beliefs include morals, ethics, and ideals—equity, justice, solidarity, stewardship, truth, beauty, and goodness—together with civic and religious ideologies and the responsibilities one should assume in the course of performing one's daily duties and engaging in social interactions. Preferences include partialities and desires that may vary over time and circumstance.
At the same time that one is acquiring language and standards, one is learning what happens when those standards are violated. This allows one to anticipate consequences, threats, and work to avoid them or soften the blow. Threats are defined as discrepancies between expectations about how things will be and standards for how they should be. The greater the discrepancy between expectations and standards, the more intense the anticipated threatening consequences and their attendant emotions. Violations resulting from exceeding standards can be as intensely threatening as violations resulting from falling short of standards—too much of a good thing.
Decisions
All decisions are about anticipated threats—about discrepancies between expectations and values or preferences, between what one anticipates will happen and what one wants to happen. When the threat is sufficiently large, a plan of action must be chosen to mitigate the anticipated negative consequences. The best action is the one that offers the future that is least threatening, least discrepant from one's standards, although under time pressure, the first plan of action that offers significant reduction in the discrepancy may be chosen and implemented (i.e., satisficing; Simon, 1956 ).
Plans
A plan is a derived narrative about how to go from the present to a more desirable future—how to influence the course of ongoing events to make the future, when it arrives, conform to one's standards. Like other narratives, plans must be causally coherent; the sequence of proposed actions must create a feasible causal chain from the present to the desired future.
Theory of 'the mind'
Other than the information processing metaphor, cognitive science has produced no encompassing theory. It seems to be widely assumed that when such a theory appears, it will necessarily be in terms of the neurology underlying brain functioning, of which conscious experience is subsidiary and derivative. TNT challenges this assumption by recognizing that brain functioning and conscious experience are two qualitatively different things. Although subjective experience derives from brain activity, it is not reducible to it. Therefore, the theory recognizes the importance of the brain and how it works, but it also recognizes the importance of conscious experience and how it works. Putting the two together as equally legitimate and complementary provides the “something more” than neural activity in the brain that is implied by the word “mind.”
References
Cognition
Cognitive neuroscience
Cognitive psychology
Communication theory
Consciousness
Emergence
Psychological theories
Mental processes
Neuropsychological assessment
Neuropsychology
Perception
Phenomenology
Flor Garduño (born 1957) is a Mexican photographer. Garduño is known for her black-and-white portraits of a diverse range of subjects, including indigenous people and cultures, street photography, and still lifes.
Early life
In 1979, Garduño became an assistant to the Mexican photographer Manuel Álvarez Bravo, printing his portfolios in the darkroom for two years. In 1981, Garduño assisted Marianna Yampolsky (1925-2002) to document the indigenous people's culture and architecture in Mexico. This project was supported by the Instituto Nacional Indigenista.
Career
Flor Garduño is known for taking black-and-white photographs consisting of fantasies, mythical and magical concepts, portraits of nudity, indigenous people and cultures, street photography, and still lifes.
Garduño's work has been exhibited in numerous museums such as the Museum of Modern Art in Mexico, New York and Chicago, as well as other museums in America and Europe. She has published four books: Magia del juego eterno (Magic of the Eternal Game) (1985), Bestiarium (1987), Testigos del tiempo (1992), and Mesteños (1994).
In 1982, Garduňo had her first solo exhibition in Mexico City, at the José Clemente Orozco Gallery. A year later, her work was presented in the exhibition Four From Mexico at the Mexican Museum in San Francisco, California.
Her travels to Guatemala, Ecuador, Peru, and Mexico consisted of black and white photographs of indigenous cultures which would appear in Magia del Juego Eterno, her first book in 1985.
The Museum of Photographic Arts in San Diego presented Garduño's earlier work categorized into three groups, called Trilogy: "Bestiarium", "Fantastic Women", and "Silent Natures" and includes 96 photographs taken in Mexico, Poland, and Switzerland.
"Bestiarium" includes her work of indigenous people of Mexico involving animals to present as symbolic attributes to the photo. One of her photos from this theme is called "Totem, Mexico" and includes a man beside a bull with a goat on standing on its back. The goat standing on the back of the bull is popular in Mexico. Her purpose in this photo was for her audience to analyze the symbolism the animals represent and to connect the viewer to a mythical world, which is why she chose the title "Totem, Mexico", and not just an ordinary nonspiritual title.
"Fantastic women" includes women and animal strength, with one of her photos "Rapto" picturing a woman holding a raptor by the tail feathers as it flaps away. Garduño's purpose in this photo is for the viewer to make both distinction and connection between the women and animal.
The third theme of the Trilogy, "Silent Natures" resembles still life's Garduño has taken. The title "Silent Natures" in Spanish is natura muerta which means dead nature, but Silent Natures better serves its purpose for relaying undead scenes.
According to writer Sylvia Wolf, Flor Garduño has always been very conscious of her own heritage and, therefore, has wanted to offer an homage to the peoples of the Americas, especially the most ancestral and isolated from Western civilization.
Concepción Bados-Ciria describes Garduño's work as emphasizing lyrical aspects of the Indians of Mesoamerica. Bados-Ciria states that the use of nudity in Garduño's work does not abandon the interior and the consciousness, but it rather praises the multiple and various bodies to challenge the dominant binary opposition body/spirit
and, at the same time, she remaps a material which is cultural, historical, anthropological, sexual and racial. Bados-Ciria also mentions that Garduño's work focuses on Mexican themes, such as her photo series, "Testigos del tiempo" which has 72 photos in Latin American countries in a four-year period. The countries she traveled to during this period include Guatemala, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Mexico. While she visited, she stayed in homes of her subjects, sharing her photographs with them and sharing her experience.
References
Further reading
External links
UNAM interview with Garduño
Artnet profile
20th-century women photographers
21st-century women photographers
Mexican women photographers
1957 births
Living people
20th-century Mexican photographers
21st-century photographers
20th-century Mexican women artists
21st-century Mexican women artists
Artists from Mexico City
Arnie Pantoja is an American actor. He graduated from East Lake High School in Tarpon Springs, Florida in 2003. After attending Florida State University for a year, he moved to Los Angeles in 2004 to become a professional actor.
Filmography
Pantoja has appeared in several commercials and feature films.
Film
Anime
Western Animation
Live action TV series
Video games
References
External links
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
Male actors from Kansas City, Missouri
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American male actors
People from Tarpon Springs, Florida
Actors from Pinellas County, Florida
Florida State University alumni
USS Wailaki (YTB-706) was a large yard tug proposed for the United States Navy that was not built.
Wailaki was a Hisada-class large yard tug slated to be built at Terminal Island, San Pedro, California, by the Bethlehem Steel Company, but the contract for her construction was cancelled on 29 August 1945.
References
Tugs of the United States Navy
Cancelled ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Los Angeles
Tripylidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Enoplida.
Genera
Genera:
Abunema Khera, 1971
Andrassya Brzeski, 1960
Anguillula Ehrenberg, 1831
References
Nematodes
The twenty-second season of the American reality television series The Voice premiered September 19, 2022 on NBC. Blake Shelton and John Legend returned as coaches for their twenty-second and seventh seasons respectively. Gwen Stefani, who last coached on season 19, returned as a coach for her sixth season. Camila Cabello made her first appearance as a coach this season. Meanwhile, Carson Daly returned as host for his twenty-second season.
Panelists
Coaches and host
In May 2022, NBC announced that there would be a change in the show's roster of coaches. Of the four coaches that appeared on the previous season, only Blake Shelton and John Legend continue, with Shelton returning for his twenty-second season and Legend returning for his seventh. Ariana Grande and Kelly Clarkson both exited the panel, with Gwen Stefani returning for her sixth season and Camila Cabello joining as a first-time coach. Cabello previously served as the battle advisor for Team Legend in the previous season. Carson Daly is set to return for his twenty-second season as host.
Battle advisors
The teams' battle advisors were revealed on August 17, 2022. The battle advisors for this season are Jazmine Sullivan for Team Legend, Sean Paul for Team Gwen, Charlie Puth for Team Camila, and Jimmie Allen for Team Blake.
Teams
Blind auditions
The show is set to begin with the Blind Auditions on September 19, 2022. In each audition, an artist sings their piece in front of the coaches whose chairs are facing the audience. If a coach is interested to work with the artist, they will press their button to face the artist. If a singular coach presses the button, the artist automatically becomes part of their team. If multiple coaches turn, they will compete for the artist, who will decide which team they will join. Each coach has one "block" to prevent another coach from getting an artist. This season, each coach ends up with 14 artists by the end of the blind auditions, creating a total of 56 artists advancing to the battles.
Episode 1 (September 19)
The coaches performed Camila Cabello's "Havana" to kick off the season.
Episode 2 (September 20)
Episode 3 (September 26)
Episode 4 (September 27)
Episode 5 (October 3)
Episode 6 (October 4)
Ratings
References
External links
2022 American television seasons
The Voice (American TV series)
Nancy Skolos (born 1955) is an American graphic designer, author, educator and co-founder of Skolos-Wedell studio. Skolos is best known for her work at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) where she has served as the graphic design department head.
Work
Skolos attended University of Cincinnati for two years in the industrial design department, transferring to Cranbrook Academy of Art and completing her B.F.A. degree in Design in 1977. Then attending Yale University and graduating with an M.F.A. degree in Design in 1979. Skolos met photographer Thomas Wedell while attending Cranbrook in 1975 and the pair married in 1979.
In 1980, they opened the Skolos, Wedell + Raynor in Boston with partner Kenneth Raynor. In 1990, Raynar left the Boston area, and the studio carried on as Skolos–Wedell. The studio's primary format is the poster after experimentation in a variety of formats early on. The studio has received numerous awards and has been widely published and exhibited, Skolos–Wedell posters are included in the graphic design collections of the Museum of Modern Art, The Israel Museum, and the Museum of Design, Zürich. In 2017, in conjunction with Tom Wedell, the pair was awarded the AIGA Medal for their work "pushing the boundaries of art, design, and technology with a distinctive vision to find connection among disparate forms."
Skolos has been teaching at RISD since 1989 and full-time faculty since 1999.
Publications
This is a list of books published by Skolos. The book Graphic Design Process was published in multiple languages including Chinese, French, and Portuguese.
1979 – Translating Musical Events Into Visual Imagery by Nancy Skolos (thesis publication)
1992 – Ferrington Guitars/Book and CD by Danny Ferrington, Nancy Skolos and Tom Wedell
2006 – Type, Image, Message: A Graphic Design Layout Workshop by Nancy Skolos and Tom Wedell
2012 – Graphic Design Process: From Problem to Solution, 20 Case Studies by Nancy Skolos
References
External links
Skolos-Wedell official website
example of work, Translating Musical Events Into Visual Imagery (1979)
American graphic designers
Rhode Island School of Design faculty
Cranbrook Academy of Art alumni
Yale University alumni
1955 births
Living people
American women academics
21st-century American women
AIGA medalists
Churubusco is a hamlet in the Town of Clinton, in Clinton County, New York, United States.
The community is located on New York State Route 189, north of U.S. Route 11 near the Quebec border.
The community was named in honor of the U.S. troops who fought in the Battle of Churubusco campaign during the Mexican–American War.
The area ZIP code is 12923.
External links
Google Map of Churubusco, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Clinton County, New York
Scott Alan Stenzel (born July 28, 1980) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He raced in the FASCAR league as a teenager and later raced in the ARCA Re/Max Series, before making his NASCAR debut in 2010. He last competed part-time in the NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series, driving the No. 63 Chevrolet Silverado for Copp Motorsports and the No. 34 Silverado for Reaume Brothers Racing.
Early life
Stenzel was born on July 28, 1980 in Mankato, Minnesota and lived in Wells, Minnesota for the first eight years of his life, before moving to Alexandria, Minnesota when his father transferred positions within the United States Postal Service. Stenzel lived next to a homemade race track owned by Ron Fischer and became friends with Ron's son Josh. They raced together in karts, 4wheelers, stock cars and dirt bikes.
Stenzel entered the FASCAR racing series at the age of 16. He raced enduro super stocks at weekends at local speedways. These races were 250 laps long and lasted all Sunday afternoon. He raced at I-94 Speedway in Sauk Center, Minnesota and Fergus Falls Speedway in Fergus Falls, Minnesota. These two tracks were 5/8 mile long and allowed Stenzel to gain 'seat time'.
In 1999 Stenzel sold his racing gear to attend college at North Dakota State University and then transferred to Full Sail Real World Education in Orlando, Florida. After graduation Stenzel opened up a production company in 2003 called Digi Craft. His clients included Universal Orlando Resort, Disney Adventures Magazine, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, National Retail Federation and others.
ARCA Racing Series
Stenzel met Charlie Patterson, owner of Nex-Gen Motorsports and retired owner of Patterson Drive Shafts, at the 2006 Daytona 500. Patterson worked with Stenzel to take his career to the professional level. “My main goal is to find as many young, intelligent drivers, who can get the job done. I believe that Scott has what it takes to make it big in Motorsports. When I look at Scott I see the next Jimmie Johnson, he really is a sponsor's dream. He really impresses me to see him do such a great job behind the wheel,” Patterson stated.
On December 11–12, 2007 Stenzel attended Finish Line Racing School headed up by Mike Loescher. He graduated the class with flying colors and Loesher approved him ready for ARCA RE/MAX contention.
On December 3, 2007 it was announced that Stenzel would test the No. 75 Bob Schacht Motorsports Chevrolet Monte Carlo in the ARCA Re/Max Series at the Daytona International Speedway on December 14–16, 2007. He posted a speed of 50.599 seconds at which placed him 13 out of 64 drivers on the first day of ARCA RE/MAX single car runs. There was a record number of drivers who showed up to this test. Posting a total of 40 laps he was granted permission to participate in all of the 2008 ARCA events and was given his official license.
Stenzel drove a Schacht-prepared car in the December 18–20, 2009 Daytona test for ARCA drivers and teams, and obtained his 2010 license for the entire season.
Stenzel signed up with the reality documentary television series called Yellow Stripes: Making the Driver. He finished filming for the first episodes July 6, 2009, a co-production between Gen2Media and Digi Craft. When Yellow Stripes: Making the Driver agreed to sponsor his car, Scott approached Spraker Racing to finalize the Daytona arrangements. Jeff and his crew prepared Scott's speedway car, which was purchased from the Wood Brothers and powered by a Roush/Yates motor. On January 22, 2010, Stenzel entered his No. 42 Ford Fusion into the Lucas Oil 200 at Daytona with Jeff Spraker agreeing to sit atop the war wagon as crew chief throughout speed week.
When asked about preparing for the upcoming event, Stenzel commented, “I can't thank everyone enough for helping out a rookie driver. Jeff Spraker, and his skilled crew, have taken me and this Wood Brothers Ford Fusion on at the last minute. Everything is coming together smoothly with everyone pulling extra duty. Plus, as a team we've been able to gel. Spraker's been to Daytona several times. He knows what it takes to lead and finish up front, but he's yet to win one. Now, we share the same goal – to win at Daytona.”
On April 23, 2010, Spraker agreed to field the car for Stenzel. Stenzel qualified 28th at Talladega Superspeedway. After 250 miles were completed in the race, he finished in the 7th-place position. He received the CGS Hard Charger award for passing the most cars during the race.
On January 11–12, 2011 Stenzel partnered up with Spraker Racing again to revisit Daytona International Speedway. During the last single car test session Stenzel was the fastest Ford in 6th position with a time of 49.457 and a speed of .
NASCAR
On September 17, 2010 Stenzel made his NASCAR debut by driving the No. 37 Spraker Racing Chevrolet and qualifying into the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East's New Hampshire 125. He started the race in 26th place and finished 21st place.
In 2012, Stenzel made his NASCAR Camping World Truck Series debut at Kansas Speedway, where he finished 23rd.
In 2019, he returned to the Truck Series for the SpeedyCash.com 400 at Texas, driving the No. 34 for Reaume Brothers Racing.
Personal life
Stenzel currently resides in Orlando, Florida with his wife Bree.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Gander Outdoors Truck Series
K&N Pro Series East
ARCA Racing Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Season still in progress
Ineligible for series points
References
http://arcaracing.com/news.php?contentid=10368
External links
Official "Yellow Stripes Making the Driver" - Driver Development site
Living people
1980 births
Sportspeople from Mankato, Minnesota
Racing drivers from Minnesota
NASCAR drivers
ARCA Menards Series drivers
People from Wells, Minnesota
People from Alexandria, Minnesota
People from Orlando, Florida
The 13th Rifle Corps () was a rifle corps of the Red Army, first formed in 1922.
On October 12, 1922, the Corps began forming in the Turkestan Front. Alexander Todorsky became the corps commander. The corps participated in the suppression of the Basmachi movement and was disbanded in 1935.
1922–1935 formation
On October 12, 1922, the Commander of the Turkestan Front issued Order No. 345 on the formation of the 13th Rifle Corps from units located in the Bukhara People's Republic and Samarkand Oblast. The headquarters was established in the city of Novaya Bukhara. The corps was led by its Revolutionary Military Council.
On October 12, 1922, the commander of the Turkestan Front issued Order No. 1436/575, in which the headquarters of the abolished Bukhara group of troops turned on the formation of Management 13th RC.
In April–May 1923, the Revolutionary Military Council in housing were subject to Bukhara of the Red Army.
Corps units were involved in the fight against Basmachis in Bukhara and Samarkand Oblasts. The Turkestan Front became the Central Asian Military District in June 1926, and the corps its assignment with the latter. Its headquarters moved to Samarkand in October 1926.
The corps headquarters was relocated to Kazan when it transferred to the Volga Military District in September 1927. Its headquarters was again shifted to Sverdlovsk in 1931 and there it briefly became part of the Ural Military District in July 1935 before being disbanded in the same month.
First wartime formation (1936–1941)
The corps was reformed in the Kiev Military District (КВО) in accordance with Order No. 194 of the military district of December 5, 1936, assigned to the 12th Army. Headquarters was located in the city of Belaya Tserkov.
Reformed 1936, in 12th Army, Kiev Special Military District, under General Major N.K. Kirillov, with 44th, 58th, and 192nd Mountain Rifle Divisions on 22 June 1941. The corps headquarters was disbanded in August of that year.
Second wartime formation (1942) and 31st Army Corps service
The corps headquarters was formed again on 13 October 1942 as part of the Transcaucasian Front, with which it spent the war.
For most of 1945, the corps included the 392nd Rifle Division and the 94th Rifle Brigade. On 1 January 1948, still with Transcaucasus Military District, comprising 10th Guards Rifle Division and 414th Rifle Division. The corps was redesignated as the 13th Mountain Rifle Corps in 1949. By 1951 it included the 10th Guards Mountain Rifle Division, and 145th Mountain Rifle Division, and was still in that configuration in 1954.
The 13th Mountain Rifle Corps was disbanded by being redesignated 31st Special Rifle Corps on 1 July 1956, and then successively 31st Special Army Corps (1 October 1957) and 31st Army Corps (9 May 1961).
In February 1962 the 145th Mountain Rifle Division was renamed the 145th Motor Rifle Division.
On 1 June 1962 the 10th Guards Mountain Rifle Division was renamed 10th Guards Motor Rifle Division.
Formations in 1970 included:
10th Guards Motor Rifle Division (Akhaltsikhe, Georgian SSR)
145th Motor Rifle Division (Batumi, Adjar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic)
147th Motor Rifle Division (Akhalkalaki, Georgian SSR)
6th Fortified Area (Akhaltsikhe, Georgian SSR)
8th Fortified Area (Batumi (Erge), Adjar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic)
Commanders
May 1923 - April 1925 : Alexander Todorsky
April 1924 – November 1925: Ivan Fedko
July 1930 – 1933?: Vitaly Primakov
August 1932 – January 1934: Semyon Uritsky
February 1934 – 1935: Andrei Sazontov
February 1938 - August 1941 Nikolai Kirillov (Killed in action)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Military Encyclopedic Dictionary. Moscow, Military Publishing House (Voenizdat), 1984 . S.757 -Turkestan Front.
013
Military units and formations established in 1922
Military units and formations disestablished in 1956
Westsyde Secondary School is a school in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
References
High schools in Kamloops
Educational institutions in Canada with year of establishment missing
Sam Kennedy (1896 – 9 December 1963) was an English professional footballer who was on the books of five different Football League clubs. He started his career as a right-half, but later played in the centre forward position.
Biography
Samuel Kennedy was born in the small village of Platts Common near Hoyland, West Riding of Yorkshire, in 1896. Away from football, he was also a keen sprinter. After retiring from football, he lived in Scunthorpe, where he worked in a hotel. After the Second World War, Kennedy became a director of Scunthorpe United. He remained in the town for the rest of his life and died there on 9 December 1963.
Career
Kennedy started his footballing career in local-league football with Wombwell. In August 1920, he was signed by Football League First Division side Huddersfield Town, but he failed to make a first-team appearance for the club. The following summer, Kennedy joined Football League champions Burnley. However, he was again unable to break into the senior team, and was only used in the reserve side. He subsequently returned to non-League football with Denaby United in December 1921 before re-joining Wombwell for the start of the 1922–23 season.
In February 1924, Kennedy moved to Football League Second Division club Nelson for a transfer fee of £200. He made his Nelson debut in the 0–2 defeat to South Shields on 2 February, and was also selected for the next two matches as the team lost to South Shields and Bury. After more than a month out of the side, Kennedy was reinstated for the trip to Bradford City on 29 March. He made his sixth and final league appearance for Nelson in the 1–3 home defeat to Port Vale on 12 April 1924. The team was relegated to the Third Division North at the end of the season, but Kennedy remained at Nelson despite the departures of several other players.
Kennedy returned to the Second Division in October 1924, when he was signed by London-based team Fulham. During a two-year association with Fulham he played six league matches for the Cottagers, scoring one goal. In October 1926, Kennedy transferred to Barnsley, thus returning to Yorkshire. He scored five goals in nine league appearances for the club in the most prolific period of his professional career. Upon his departure from Barnsley in March 1927, he joined Mexborough Town and went on to play non-League football for several seasons, representing such clubs as Shirebrook, Scunthorpe & Lindsey United, Brigg Town and Broughton Rangers.
References
1896 births
1963 deaths
People from Hoyland
English footballers
Association football defenders
Association football forwards
Wombwell F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Denaby United F.C. players
Nelson F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Mexborough Athletic F.C. players
Shirebrook Miners Welfare F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Brigg Town F.C. players
Broughton Rangers F.C. players
English Football League players
Narsi Raniga (born 1942) is a Fiji Indian who has held senior civil service posts in Fiji and has also been a member of the House of Representatives of Fiji.
He was born in Ba and completed the Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland. After a brief period as a teacher, he did postgraduate courses at the University of Auckland and Cambridge University. On his return to Fiji, he joined the civil service and held numerous government posts, including overseas service in the diplomatic corps and head of various government departments.
In 1987 he resigned from the civil service to contest the South Central National Constituency for the Alliance Party. He won the seat with a comfortable margin, but his party lost the election and he sat on the opposition bench for a month when the military coup of 1987 prematurely ended his political career.
References
Alliance Party (Fiji) politicians
Indian members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
Fijian Hindus
University of Queensland alumni
1943 births
Living people
Politicians from Ba (town)
Mohicanville is an unincorporated community in Ashland County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Mohicanville was laid out in 1833. The community takes its name from the nearby Mohican River. A post office called Mohican was established in 1837, and remained in operation until 1907.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ashland County, Ohio
1833 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1833
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The men's light heavyweight () Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fourth-heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few fighters for a tournament of thirty-two, fifteen of the fighters received byes through to the second round. The tournament champion was Serbia's Nenad Pagonis who won the gold by defeating Azerbaijan's Rail Rajabov in the final via split decision. Defeated semi finalists, Dénes Rácz from Hungary and Viktor Nordh from Sweden received bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Carlo Silipo (born September 10, 1971 in Naples) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at three Summer Olympics: 1992, 1996 and 2004. After having won the gold medal in Barcelona, Spain, he won bronze with the men's national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
See also
Italy men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of Olympic champions in men's water polo
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
List of players who have appeared in multiple men's Olympic water polo tournaments
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
RAI profile
External links
1971 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Olympic gold medalists for Italy
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Water polo players from Naples
Olympic medalists in water polo
World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Pseudomorphine (also known as oxydimorphine or dehydromorphine) is an inactive, natural dimerisation product of the morphine molecule in tandem and thus a common impurity in morphine concentrations. It was first described by Pelletier in 1835.
This compound may be synthesized by the oxidative coupling of morphine by potassium ferricyanide.
Pseudomorphine contributes very little to morphine's effects. It produces no effects in the central nervous or gastrointestinal systems, but it might have some effects on the circulatory system.
See also
Thebaine (paramorphine)
Morphine-N-oxide
Morphine-3-glucuronide
Morphine-6-glucuronide
References
4,5-Epoxymorphinans
"Adore" is a song written and recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Amy Shark. It was released independently and digitally on 26 July 2016 and re-released in November 2016 after signing with Sony Music Australia. It received heavy airplay on Triple J and quickly gained traction with other more mainstream radio stations in early 2017.
Shark described the track as a tribute to those that are "crushing hard", and ultimately wants to instill confidence in those who feel like they are trapped in a world of emotional turmoil. Speaking to Savage Thrills, Shark said "I wrote it very quickly and the second I threw my headphones on to listen back to what I had recorded through my phone I knew it was special. [it's] just one of those songs that didn't need heaps of words".
"Adore" peaked at number 3 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified 4× Platinum.
In January 2017, the song placed second in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2017, the song was nominated for ARIA Award for Song of the Year.
At the APRA Music Awards of 2017 the song was also nominated for Song of the Year, and at the APRA Music Awards of 2018, it won Pop Work of the Year.
In 2018, Shark won the prestigious Vanda & Young Global Songwriting Competition.
At the Queensland Music Awards 2017 "Adore" won Song of the Year, Pop Song of the Year and Regional Song of the Year. At the Queensland Music Awards 2018 "Adore" won The Highest Selling Single.
The song was featured as background music in S4E4, "Girl's Night", of the Canadian comedy Schitt's Creek. It is used to emotionally punctuate the scene where Alexis realizes she is still in love with her former boyfriend.
Music video
The music video for "Adore" was released on YouTube on 25 July 2016.
Reception
Tom Vu from aaa Backstage described the track as "brooding " and said "Opening with a beachy guitar riff, the song features soothing synthesisers and a solid beat that nicely caresses Shark's homely vocals. The lyrics are attention grabbing and there's a certain youthful delicacy and cerebral quality in her music that lacks in other pop offerings."
Hannah Maire from Atwood Magazine said "Put simply, 'Adore' possesses a unique, addictive ambiance that demands you to think about your first emotional infatuation." adding "The track could be described as being too linear and anticlimactic, but that's just the point. A crush, especially one of your first, remains just that – a constant reminder of intense feelings – but also you face the very real, unfortunate dilemma of it going nowhere fast."
Track listing
One-track single
"Adore" - 3:05 (US-HM2-16-21431)
Digital remix single
"Adore" (Dave Sitek Remix) - 3:13
Digital acoustic
"Adore" (acoustic) - 3:10
Digital Piano unplugged
"Adore" (acoustic) - 3:17
Cover versions
In March 2017, Australian post-hardcore band Hellions, covered "Adore" for Triple J's Like a Version.
Australian Dean Lewis covered the song on his debut extended play Same Kind of Different.
In January 2018 Paul Dempsey covered the song.
In April 2018 Dashboard Confessional covered Adore, which left Shark "in tears".
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Amy Shark songs
Dean Lewis songs
APRA Award winners
Sony Music Australia singles
Songs written by Amy Shark
Songs written by M-Phazes
Vanda & Young Global Songwriting Competition Winning Songs
Tamsin Morwenna Banks (born 20 September 1961) is a British comedy actress, writer and producer. She appeared in the Channel 4 comedy sketch show Absolutely, and wrote, produced, and appeared in the British ensemble film The Announcement. She voices Mummy Pig, Madame Gazelle and Dr Hamster in the children's series Peppa Pig.
Early life
Banks attended Truro High School for Girls and Robinson College, Cambridge and was a member of the Cambridge Footlights from 1981 to 1983. She also acted with the Marlowe Society, such as in a brief comic cameo as the Widow in Ben Jonson's The Alchemist, alongside Tilda Swinton.
Career
One of Banks' early major television roles was as part of the team on the comedy sketch show Absolutely, broadcast on Channel 4 between 1989 and 1993. Her other television appearances include the BBC series The Thick of It, Red Dwarf, Ruddy Hell! It's Harry and Paul and the Steve Coogan comedy Saxondale, in which she played receptionist Vicky. She also appeared as Anthea Stonem in the E4 Teen drama Skins and was a cast member on NBC's Saturday Night Live, for four episodes of the show's twentieth season. She appeared as Carmen Kenaway in the first two episodes of the ninth series of Shameless.
Her voice roles include Claire Feeble in Stressed Eric; Cleo Lion in Between the Lions; (Nick Jr UK) Mummy Pig in Peppa Pig; the ship's computer in the BBC TV series Hyperdrive; the witches in Meg and Mog, an animated children's series for CITV (2003); Ping Pong in Rupert Bear (Channel 5); Guinevere in King Arthur's Disasters (CITV). Banks won Best Voice Performance at the 2014 British Animation Awards for providing the voice for Queen Marigold in Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom and a voice in Humf.
Banks wrote, produced, and appeared in the British ensemble film The Announcement in 2001. She also appeared in season one, episode 13 of Sabrina the Teenage Witch as a "rulebearer". In 2004, she played the central role of Tess in the series Catterick, with Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer.
Banks had also voiced Sophie in Crapston Villas, an adult animated sitcom soap opera, which was produced in the 1990s. Both Banks and the television programme's creator, Sarah Ann Kennedy, would later go on to voice characters in Peppa Pig.
Since 2009
In 2009, Banks made a series of web videos for BBC Comedy called Celebrities STFU, each video featuring her in costume impersonating Lady Gaga, Noel Gallagher, Susan Boyle, Pixie Lott, Jools Holland, and Duffy.
On 19 October 2013, BBC Radio 4 broadcast Banks' play Goodbye about a woman diagnosed with breast cancer. The play is an account of the path from the first diagnosis to the death of Lizzie, played by Olivia Colman; it deals with her relationships with her family and with her best friend Jen, played by Natascha McElhone, and their reactions to Jen's illness and death. The cast included Darren Boyd, John Simm, Alison Steadman, Banks' Peppa Pig co-star Harley Bird, Banks' son Ezra, and singing by Banks' daughter Dolly. It was produced by Heather Larmour. Banks received the 2015 Tinniswood Award for the play. She subsequently wrote the play's 2015 film adaptation, titled Miss You Already.
From 2012 to 2018, she played Venus Traduces (a parody of Violet Trefusis) and other roles in the BBC Radio 4 sitcom Gloomsbury.
Banks' later voice work includes the roles of Betty and Sonia in the 2008 film version of Tales of the Riverbank; and a translator at the trial of Adolf Eichmann in The Eichmann Show.
In 2016, Banks co-wrote and starred in the comedy series Damned. She co-starred in and wrote (with Rebecca Front) Shush!, a sitcom set in a library broadcast on BBC Radio Four in 2017. In late 2019, she provided the voice of Mrs Brown in The Adventures of Paddington which began airing on Children 4 Jr and Nick Jr. in early 2020.
Awards
2014 British Animation Award for Best Voice Performance in Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom: Nanny's Magic Test
2015 Tinniswood Award for the radio play Goodbye
Charity
She is a patron of the Drama Express charity.
Personal life
Banks' husband is David Baddiel; they have two children, a daughter Dolly and a son Ezra. They both starred in Banks' play, Goodbye.
References
External links
1961 births
20th-century British actresses
20th-century British women writers
20th-century British comedians
20th-century British writers
21st-century British writers
21st-century British actresses
21st-century British comedians
21st-century British women writers
Actresses from Cornwall
Alumni of Robinson College, Cambridge
British comedy actresses
British comedy writers
British film actresses
British film producers
British sketch comedians
British television actresses
British television producers
British women television producers
British television writers
British voice actresses
British women comedians
Living people
People educated at Truro High School
People from Flushing, Cornwall
British women television writers
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Maclean's "Too Asian" controversy is a controversy around an article published by Maclean's in 2010. Initially titled "Too Asian: Some frosh don't want to study at an Asian university", later re-titled with an added question mark "Too Asian? [...]", and then finally "The enrollment controversy: Worries that efforts in the U.S. to limit enrollment of Asian students in top universities may migrate to Canada," this article was written by Nicholas Kohler and Stephanie Findlay, and published in the 2010 edition of the Maclean's Guide to Canadian Universities. The article was publicly criticized and condemned by various community organizations, universities and levels of government as an example of anti-Asian racism and xenophobia. To date, Maclean's magazine and its parent company, Rogers Communications, have declined to offer an apology for the article.
Article's content and criticism
The article begins by introducing Alexandra and Rachel, two recently graduated white students from Havergal College, an elite all-girl's private school located in Toronto. Kohler and Findlay explain that these students made a choice that is common among North America's white youth: opting not to attend a university with the reputation of being "too Asian". The term, Kohler and Findlay continue to explain, indicates a university that is intellectually rigorous with an unbalanced campus social climate, brought upon by the presence of academically focused Asian students. The article concludes with a note that Alexandra left Western University, a school considered to be attended by "white students" in the article, for University of Toronto, which is considered to be "too Asian".
Many critics argued that the article's subsequent attempts to provide a debate about the role of race on Canadian university campuses, and the "over-representation" of Asian students on elite university campuses, was highly offensive: it framed "Asian" students as single-minded and socially inept hard-workers, spurred by their tradition and culture, while "white" students are more concerned with the social aspect of universities, such as drinking and partying. Many critiques also took issue with the article's conflation of "Asian" with Chinese, quoting a number of Chinese students in their article, while never addressing how "Asian" itself is a category that subsumes many different ethnic groups. Moreover, no distinction between international students and Canadian-born "Asians" was made (an important distinction that was completely disregarded in the survey). Critics were also shocked by the article's reference to debates in American universities regarding the initiation of race-based quotas to "balance" their campuses because of the over-representation of Asian students.
Response to the article was immediate, widespread and disfavourable. Critics ranging from journalist bloggers to academics decried the article for being racist, stereotypical and reductive. The article was criticized for recalling stereotypes of Asians as unbalanced foreigners, with the aim of overthrowing white Canadians from power.
Further criticism followed from the fact that the article depicted Asians as a homogeneous group, without attention to the fact that people from various groups can be classified as "Asian". Another commentator argued that the article inaccurately perpetuated the myth that universities functioned as meritocracies, without taking into account that minorities have to overcome social hurdles, such as racial discrimination and prejudice. It was also argued that the article justified the idea that whites are entitled to attend university, because it never explicitly condemns, and therefore indirectly condones, Alexandra and Rachel's belief that certain universities were "too Asian".
Protest and government action
Coupled with the critiques of the piece was activism and action from grassroots, academic, governmental, university, and youth sectors. The activism protesting the piece manifested in a number of different forms, ranging from humorous (but critical) videos, to community web pages and gatherings. A coalition of over one hundred organizations composed and submitted an open letter calling for an end to anti-Asian racism for those responsible for the piece. Universities across the nation held a series of public educational events, organized by both faculty and students, to debate the article and its implications. The University of Victoria Students' Society went so far as to ban sales of the magazine from their student building.
The cities of Victoria, Vancouver, Toronto, Markham, and Richmond Hill successively passed motions condemning the article and calling for those responsible for the article to issue a public apology. Olivia Chow, a Member of Parliament and member of the New Democratic Party, put forth a motion in the House of Commons of Canada calling for the censure of Maclean's, arguing that the article "is offensive, divisive and suggests that Canadian students of Asian heritage may be limiting opportunities for non-Asian students at certain universities". Senator Vivienne Poy, former Chancellor Emerita of the University of Toronto, argued that the offensive content of the piece makes the magazine unsuitable as a beneficiary of the Canadian government's periodical fund which identifies it as "material that is denigrating to an identifiable group". The periodical fund annually subsidizes the magazine's publication with $1.8 million of federal funding.
Maclean's response and aftermath
No apology has been offered by either Maclean's or Rogers Communications. Negotiations between Maclean's and Rogers Communications, and the Chinese Canadian National Council and the Chinese Canadian National Council Toronto Chapter were held, but those failed to yield an apology, as the magazine refused to acknowledge that the article was offensive. The magazine instead initially revised the piece's content. It then issued a clarification about the piece's content, changed the article's title twice, and issued an additional statement with the online version of the piece, stating that some of the content could be interpreted as offensive. Maclean's stated that they do not advocate race as a criterion in university admissions, and commended Asians in Canada for succeeding in universities on the basis of merit. Journalists Margaret Wente and Barbara Kay respectively sided with the magazine, stating that it initiated an important conversation that Canadians were afraid to have, and that the magazine, rather than those aggrieved, deserved an apology.
In response, Professor Henry Yu of the University of British Columbia labelled Maclean's actions as a non-apology. John Miller, a former Professor of Journalism at Ryerson University, argued that the article was an example of poor journalism and Maclean's reply indicated that "the publication just doesn't seem to get it." Journalist Jeet Heer articulated that, in dealing with the ordeal in the way that they did, both Maclean's and its supporters reflected Canada's inability to constructively talk about the reality of racism. Heer further noted that those who argued in favor of the article evaded acknowledging that it was evocative of racist stereotypes.
Kenneth Whyte, then publisher of Maclean's, has since been promoted as the Head of Rogers' Publications. Nicholas Kohler, one of the authors of the article, is no longer on staff with the magazine. Stephanie Findlay, the second author and then an intern with the publication, moved on to an internship with the Toronto Star. The decision to hire Findlay by the Star was criticized by some, prompting doubt as to whether or not the Star was sincere in issuing an apology for a similar themed and timed article. Findlay is no longer with the Star. Dr. Susan R. Grosbeck, the Principal of Havergal College, publicly stated that Maclean's never confirmed that Alexandra and Rachel actually attended the school. Furthermore, a number of people interviewed by the authors expressed that they had either been misquoted, or that the authors were dishonest in their explanation of their opinions.
To commemorate the year of activism that resulted from the article's publication, an event organized by the Solidarity Committee Against Anti-Asian Racism was held at the University of Toronto on November 17, 2011.
References
2010 controversies
2010 in Canada
2010 in education
Anti-Asian sentiment in Canada
Canadian people of Asian descent
Controversies in Canada
Maclean's
Race-related controversies
Journalism controversies
Education controversies in Canada
Antoine Castonguay (June 14, 1881 – May 11, 1959) was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
Early life
He was born on June 14, 1881, near Kamouraska, Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Mayor
Castonguay served as Mayor of Saint-Félicien in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean from 1935 to 1940.
Member of the legislature
He ran as an Action libérale nationale candidate in the district of Roberval in the 1935 provincial election and won. Castonguay joined Maurice Duplessis's Union Nationale and was re-elected in 1936. He was defeated by Liberal candidate Georges Potvin in 1939.
Death
He died on May 11, 1959, in Chicoutimi.
References
1881 births
1959 deaths
Action libérale nationale MNAs
Mayors of places in Quebec
Union Nationale (Quebec) MNAs
People from Bas-Saint-Laurent
C. Andrew Gerstle, FBA (born 18 June 1951) is an American-born Japanologist and academic, who has been Professor of Japanese Studies at the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies since 1993.
Career
Born on 18 June 1951 in the United States, C. Andrew Gerstle studied Japanese culture at Columbia University, graduating in 1973 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He completed a Master of Arts degree at Waseda University six years later, and carried out his doctoral studies at Harvard University; in 1980, he was awarded a PhD for his thesis "Circles of fantasy: musical and dramatic conventions in the plays of Chikamatsu". He was appointed to a lectureship at the Australian National University in 1980, and was promoted to Professor of Japanese nine years later. Since 1993, he has been Professor of Japanese Studies at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). He was also director of the Arts and Humanities Research Council Centre for Asian and African Studies at SOAS from 2000 to 2005.
According to his British Academy profile, Gerstle's research focuses on "The cultural and social history of 17th–19th century Japan, with particular reference to Bunraku and Kabuki theatres, popular literature, sexuality and the visual arts". In 2013, he organised a project which resulted in the "Shunga: sex and pleasure in Japanese art" exhibition at the British Museum.
Awards and honours
In 2015, Gerstle was elected a Fellow of the British Academy, the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
Select publications
Circles of Fantasy: Convention in the Plays of Chikamatsu, Harvard East Asian Monographs no. 116 (Council on East Asian Studies, Harvard University, 1986).
Eighteenth-Century Japan: Culture and Society (Allen & Unwin, 1989).
Theatre as Music: The Bunraku Play 'Mt Imo and Mt Se: An Exemplary Tale of Womanly Virtue''' (Centre for Japanese Studies, University of Michigan, 1990).
Recovering the Orient: Artists, Scholars, Appropriations (Harwood Academic Publishers, 1994).
Chikamatsu: Five Late Plays (Columbia University Press, 2001).
Kabuki Heroes on the Osaka Stage, 1780–1830 (British Museum Press, 2005).
Shunga: Sex and Pleasure in Japanese Art (British Museum Press, 2013).
Shunga: Ten Questions and Answers'' (International Research Center for Japanese Studies, 2013).
References
Living people
1951 births
Japanologists
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Waseda University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Fellows of the British Academy
Academics of SOAS University of London
Ovacık is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Sally Dowling is an Australian lawyer who has been Director of Public Prosecutions for New South Wales since August 2021.
Early life and education
Dowling is one of three children; her mother, Stephanie Claire, worked as an English teacher and writer, and later married artist Salvatore Zofrea. Dowling attended North Sydney Girls High School but left in Year 11. She worked as a waitress and a bookie's clerk before later completing her HSC at TAFE. She graduated from the University of Sydney in 1994.
Career
Dowling was admitted as a legal practitioner in 1995. She worked as an associate to Justice Hill in the Federal Court before practicing intellectual property and trade practices law as a solicitor. She was admitted as a barrister in 1997 and worked in private practice in commercial and intellectual property.
Dowling started work at the DPP in 2001 and became a Crown prosecutor since 2005. In 2004, when her children were very young, Dowling was the only part-time trial crown prosecutor in NSW, working one week on, one week off. She acknowledged that it was very difficult to work part-time as a barrister and still earn enough to cover expenses, but said that working part-time "promotes efficiency."
In 2013, Dowling was appointed Senior Counsel and in 2016 she was appointed Deputy Senior Crown Prosecutor and head of the Appeals unit within the NSW office of the DPP. In 2019, she was Senior Counsel assisting the NSW Government's Special Commission of Inquiry into the Drug ‘Ice'. In 2020, she became a barrister in private practice at Wardell Chambers.
Dowling was appointed to a ten year term as Director of Public Prosecutions in August 2021. She is the first woman to hold the role.
Personal life
Dowling has two children.
In 2018, Salvatore Zofrea's portrait of Dowling was a finalist in the Archibald Prize.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People educated at North Sydney Girls High School
Sydney Law School alumni
Australian barristers
Australian prosecutors
Australian Senior Counsel
Ferdinand Johann Nepomuk Moritz Luib (28 January 1811 - 30 April 1877) was an Austrian music critic and biographer of Franz Schubert.
Luib was born in Vienna and served there as a public official. He became an editor of the Allgemeine Wiener Musik-Zeitung in 1847 until its demise the following year. He also wrote for Theaterzeitung and the Wanderer. He directed Polyhymnia, a singing society. Luib is best known for his early biography of Franz Schubert and his promotion of the Unfinished symphony. In his researches, Luib corresponded with many friends of Schubert including Schubert's close friend Anselm Hüttenbrenner. His letters and biographical researches from the 1850s form an important source of information about the composer. Other correspondents include Eduard von Bauernfeld, poet Josef Kenner, composer Joseph Lanz, and Leopold von Sonnleithner.
References
Verzeichnis der künstlerischen, wissenschaftlichen und kulturpolitischen Nachlässe in Österreich link.
History of the Allgemeine Wiener Musik-Zeitung (1841-1848)
Steblin and Stocken "Studying with Sechter: Newly Rediscovered Reminiscenses about Schubert by his Forgotten Friend, the Composer Joseph Lanz" in Music and Letters, lxxx:2, pp 226–265.
Alfred Mann "Schubert's Lesson with Sechter" in 19th Century Music, vi:2 (Autumn 1982) pp. 159–165
1811 births
1877 deaths
Writers from Vienna
Austrian music critics
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century male writers
John Bethell may refer to:
John Bethell (inventor) (c.1804–1867), British solicitor and inventor
John Bethell, 1st Baron Bethell (1861–1945), British banker and politician
John P. Bethell (1907–1981), American politician
John Bethell, 2nd Baron Bethell (1902–1965), Baron Bethell
See also
John Bethel (born 1957), Canadian ice hockey player
Live at the Fillmore East is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released on February 23, 1999. The album documents Hendrix's performances with the Band of Gypsys at the Fillmore East on December 31, 1969 and January 1, 1970. It is drawn from the same performances as, and can be seen as an extended complement to, the album Band of Gypsys, consisting mostly of songs not on the original album.
Since its original release, additional recordings from the Fillmore East performances have been issued on West Coast Seattle Boy: The Jimi Hendrix Anthology (2010), Machine Gun: The Fillmore East First Show (2013), and Songs for Groovy Children: The Fillmore East Concerts (2019).
Critical reception
Track listing
All details are taken from the original MCA Records CD liner notes. All tracks written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.
Personnel
Jimi Hendrixguitar, lead vocals (except those by Miles)
Buddy Milesdrums, backing vocals, lead vocals on "We Gotta Live Together", "Changes", "Stop"
Billy Coxbass guitar, backing vocals
References
Live at the Fillmore East albums
Albums produced by Eddie Kramer
Live albums published posthumously
Jimi Hendrix live albums
1999 live albums
MCA Records live albums
Incepta Pharmaceuticals Limited is a Bangladeshi pharmaceutical company based in Dhaka that manufactures and markets generic drugs. Abdul Muktadir is the chairman of the company.
History
Incepta was established in Dhaka, Bangladesh in 1999. The company has a manufacturing facility located at Zirabo, Savar. A second larger manufacturing facility has been built in Dhamrai.
The company sells its products in Bangladesh and also has begun exporting to both developed and developing countries around the world. The company is now concentrating its efforts in the area of export of Biological products like GCSF, EPO, Adalimumab, and vaccines.
In 2015, Incepta launched a generic version of sofosbuvir (Hopetavir) in the local Bangladeshi market.
In 2016, Incepta signed a deal with Bioengineering and German AMS Technology for a joint venture.
Sponsorship
The company own the sponsorship rights of Rangpur Rangers for the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League.
References
External links
Official Website
Bangladeshi brands
Pharmaceutical companies of Bangladesh
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1999
Generic drug manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Dhaka
Bangladeshi companies established in 1999
Polanka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
References
Polanka
Toras Chaim (Hebrew: תורת חיים) is a two-volume work of Hasidic discourses on the books of Genesis and Exodus by the second Chabad Rebbe, Rabbi Dovber Schneuri. The work is arranged in a similar fashion as Likutei Torah/Torah Or, a fundamental work on Chabad philosophy authored by Rabbi Dovber's father, Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi, the founder of the Chabad movement. Both works are arranged according to the weekly Torah portion.
The treatises in Toras Chaim are noted for their length and complexity, as well as their elucidation of concepts discussed in Likutei Torah/Torah Or.
Teachings
Humor
"Laughter is rooted in the soul's potential for pure and uncompounded pleasure."
"Within the soul, the source of humor is higher than intellect, for the pleasure derived from intellect is compounded."
Elucidation of Tanya and Torah Or
The seventh Chabad Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, recommended the study of Torah Or and Toras Chaim after one completed the study of Tanya, the central text of Chabad philosophy. Rabbi Schneerson explained that Torah Or expanded on the ideas in Tanya, however, through studying Toras Chaim these concepts would be fully elucidated.
Published editions
Toras Chaim was published slowly over the course of many years. The various editions slowly expanded the multi-volume work until it had included Hasidic treatises covering the first two books of the Bible, Genesis and Exodus.
Kapust
The first printing of Toras Chaim occurred during Rabbi Dovber's lifetime; it was printed in Kapust, 1826. The Kapust edition contained Hasidic treatises covering just the first half of the book of Genesis.
Warsaw
The next edition of Toras Chaim was published in Warsaw, in 1866. The edition was published by Rafael Mordechai Schneerson, the great-nephew of Rabbi Dovber Schneuri, together with Schneur Schneerson, a grandson of Rabbi Dovber. This edition included treatises covering the second half of the book of Genesis.
Shanghai
In 1946, the Chabad yeshiva in Shanghai and the central Chabad publishing house, Kehot Publication Society, republished the Warsaw edition of Toras Chaim. Additionally, a series of unpublished Hasidic treatises by Rabbi Dovber covering the book of Exodus were included in a separate second volume. The edition was published. The second volume was never typeset. Instead, those treatises remained a photocopy of the original handwritten transcripts.
Brooklyn
The central Chabad publishing house in Brooklyn, Kehot Publication Society, republished Toras Chaim in 1974, 1993 and 2004. The 2004 edition is a 1,812 page, three-volume set; the Exodus treatises have been typeset and all treatises include extensive footnotes and annotations.
References
External links
Toras Chaim on ChabadLibrary.org
1826 non-fiction books
Chabad-Lubavitch texts
Chabad-Lubavitch (Hasidic dynasty)
Hasidic literature
Jewish philosophical literature
Sifrei Kodesh
Book of Genesis
Book of Exodus
Araz-Naxçıvan PFK () was an Azerbaijani football club based in Nakchivan.
The club played in the Azerbaijan Premier League again in 2014–15 after being promoted at the end of the 2013–14 season. The club plays in the Azerbaijan First Division from 2022-23 season.
History
The club was created in 1967 and as of 1968, it participated in Soviet First League. The club stopped its activity after collapse of Soviet Union. In 2001, the team was formed again and took part in the Azerbaijan Premier League. However year later, due to financial difficulties the team again ceased to exist.
The club was re-established on 23 May 2013 and immediately joined Azerbaijan First Division. In its first season, Araz sent Simurq crashing out of the Azerbaijan Cup. In May 2014, the club earned promotion to Azerbaijan Premier League after winning the division in same season. In September 2014, Araz became linked to a match fixing scandal, the result of which saw the key players leaving the club and Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic government officials intervening.
On 3 November 2014, Araz-Naxçıvan announced their withdrawal from the league due constant biased referee decisions, with the officially announcing their withdrawal on 17 November 2014.
Stadium
Araz's home ground was Nakhchivan City Stadium, which has a capacity of 12,000. For the stadium's first game, the announced attendance was 4,000.
League and domestic cup history
Supporters
Supporters of Araz were drawn from all over the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and beyond Azerbaijan. The club's main two supporting groups were Ultra Araz and Nagshijahan.
Notable managers
''Information correct as of match played 2 November 2014. Only competitive matches are counted.
Notes:
P – Total of played matches
W – Won matches
D – Drawn matches
L – Lost matches
GS – Goal scored
GA – Goals against
%W – Percentage of matches won
Nationality is indicated by the corresponding FIFA country code(s).
Honours
Azerbaijan First Division
Winners (1): 2013–14
References
External links
Official Website
PFL
Football clubs in Azerbaijan
1967 establishments in Azerbaijan
2014 disestablishments in Azerbaijan
Defunct football clubs in Azerbaijan
Association football clubs established in 1967
Association football clubs disestablished in 2014
Henry Anthony Ingles (1840–1892) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Canterbury, New Zealand.
He represented the Cheviot electorate from to 1875, when he retired.
References
1840 births
1892 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Billy and Chuck were a professional wrestling tag team of Billy Gunn and Chuck Palumbo who performed in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2001 to 2002. They were two-time WWE World Tag Team Champions. The two men were depicted as a same-sex couple leading to controversy.
History
Near the end of the Invasion storyline, Chuck (Palumbo) was kicked out of the Alliance. In response, he defected to the WWE where, where he began teaming with Billy (Gunn) in an affront to the Alliance. After the Invasion ended, the duo was turned heel.
A storyline began in which Billy and Chuck became increasingly affectionate toward each other, showing evidence of a homosexual relationship. The duo adopted matching red ring gear and bleached their hair with Chuck beginning to wear pigtails, although Chuck would later cut his hair short due to the bleach affecting his hair negatively. Developmental talent Rico was placed in the role of their crafty "personal stylist". Billy and Chuck would win the World Tag Team Championships on two occasions, and primarily feud with the APA and the Hardy Boyz.
In September 2002, Chuck proposed life partnership to Billy, and Billy accepted. Their ceremony was aired on SmackDown!. During the commitment ceremony, Gunn and Palumbo revealed that the ceremony was merely a publicity stunt that had gone too far, and they admitted they were strictly hetero. Eric Bischoff, who had disguised himself as the priest officiating the wedding, and 3-Minute Warning from Raw then led an attack on Stephanie McMahon, the General Manager of SmackDown! who was also present at the ceremony. Following this incident, Rico defected to Raw and managed 3-Minute Warning. Billy and Chuck remained a team, turning face and dropping all facets of their gay-sweetheart gimmick.
Billy and Chuck's final match together occurred on SmackDown! in the first round of a tournament for the newly created WWE Tag Team Championship. They lost the match to the team of Ron Simmons and Reverend D-Von. Gunn received a shoulder injury during the match, and was taken off television. The team quietly separated with Chuck going into singles competition and later the Full Blooded Italians; and Billy returned with his Mr. Ass gimmick.
Reception
The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, which had consulted with WWE on the storyline and helped the angle secure mainstream media coverage, denounced WWE for securing GLAAD's assistance under false pretenses. "The WWE lied to us two months ago when they promised that Billy and Chuck would come out and wed on the air." The gimmick would be in sharp contrast to then-current WWE performer Darren Young legitimately coming out over a decade later to TMZ, which was received with open arms and also led to other openly LGBT wrestlers in mainstream wrestling including Sonya DeVille, Anthony Bowens, Nyla Rose, Sonny Kiss, Kiera Hogan, and Mercedes Martinez.
In a shoot interview in 2013, Billy Gunn stated that he had no regrets over the Billy and Chuck storyline, feeling that it was his job to perform the gimmick as presented to him, and would do it again if asked to do it.
Echoing Gunn's comments, in 2021 Chuck Palumbo revealed to Chris Van Vliet that he had no problem with the gimmick, unlike some of his cohorts. Palumbo told those cohorts that all wrestlers are actors in some capacity and had no issue with the gimmick whatsoever. He did admit, however, that his then-six year old daughter was confused with what was going on, and also revealed that Gunn's sons Colten and Austin (both of whom were aware of kayfabe at that point) did have an issue with the gimmick.
Championships and accomplishments
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
PWI Tag Team of the Year (2002) – Billy and Chuck
World Wrestling Federation / World Wrestling Entertainment
WWF/E Tag Team Championship (3 times) – Billy and Chuck (2), Rico with Rikishi (1)
References
External links
Online World Of Wrestling profile
Fictional LGBT couples
LGBT characters in professional wrestling
Professional wrestling controversies
WWE teams and stables
WWE World Tag Team Champions
Claudiopolis () was an ancient city in the Roman province of Paphlagonia (and later Honorias) in northern Asia Minor.
It was an episcopal see during Late Antiquity, and remains a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church.
Residential bishopric and archbishopric
As secular capital of the Roman province of Honorias, in the civil Diocese of Pontus, the bishopric of Claudiopolis became the metropolitan see, in the sway of the Patriarchate of Constantinople, with five suffragan sees : Heraclea Pontica, Prusias ad Hypium, Tium, Cratia and Hadrianopolis in Honoriade. It appears as such in the Notitiae Episcopatuum of Pseudo-Epiphanius of about 640 and in that of Byzantine Emperor Leo VI the Wise of the early 10th century, ranking sixteenth viz. seventeenth among the Patriarchate's Metropolitans.
The city, known as Claudiopolis (like several others) under Byzantine rule fell to Turks migrating west in the 11th century who called it Boli, was recaptured by Byzantines in 1097, besieged unsuccessfully by the Sultanate of Rum in 1177 and reconquered in 1197. Under Ottoman rule since the 14th century it lost to Heraclea Pontica the Metropolitan dignity. It ceased to exist as a residential bishopric in the 15th century.
Michel Le Quien mentions twenty bishops of the see to the 13th century; documentary mentions are available for the following incumbent bishops and archbishops:
the first is St. Autonomus, said to be an Italian missionary who suffered martyrdom under Diocletian.
Callicrates (mentioned in 363 in Socrates Scolasticus' church history)
Gerontius (first actual historically documented bishop, in 394 attending the council against Metropolitan Bagadius of Bosra.
Olympius (in 431)
Calogerus (449 - 458)
Carterius (mentioned in 459)
Hypatus (circa 518)[dismissed by Janin]
Epictetus (in 536)
Vincentius (in 553) [dismissed by Janin]
Ciprianus I (in 680)
only Janin also includes a bishop Sisinnius, attending the council in Trullo (692), but assigns apparently the same to namesake see Claudiopolis in Isauria
Nicetas I (in 787)
Ignatius, a friend and correspondent of Patriarch Photios I of Constantinople
Ciprianus II (869 - 879)
Nicetas II (10th-11th centuries)
John (1028 - 1029)
Catholic titular see
The archdiocese was nominally restored by the Catholic Church as a Latin Metropolitan titular archbishopric no later than the seventeenth century, first named Claudiopolis (Latin) / Claudiopoli (Curiate Italian), renamed in 1933 as Claudiopolis in Honoriade (Latin) / Claudiopoli di Onoriade (Italiano) / Claudiopolitanus in Honoriade (Latin).
It has been held by:
Alfredo Bruniera (1954.12.12 – 2000.03.26)
Alain Guynot de Boismenu, Sacred Heart Missionaries (M.S.C.) (1945.01.18 – 1953.11.05)
Georges-Prudent-Marie Bruley des Varannes (1924.02.13 – 1943.05.29)
Giuseppe Fiorenza (1905.12.11 – 1924.01.27)
Giovanni Battista Bertagna (1901.03.26 – 1905.02.11)
Joseph-Adolphe Gandy, M.E.P. (1889.01.15 – 1892.09.29)
Eugène-Jean-Claude-Joseph Desflèches (范若瑟), Paris Foreign Missions Society (M.E.P.) (1883.02.20 – 1887.11.07)
Carlo Gigli (1880.12.13 – 1881.08.24)
Stephanus Antonius Aucher (1796.07.05 – ?)
Tommaso Battiloro (1767.11.20 – 1767.12.14)
Titular Bishop: Joannes Nicastro (1724.09.11 – ?)
Titular Bishop: Walenty Konstantyn Czulski (1721.02.12 – 1724.02.10?)
Titular Bishop: Piotr Tarło (1713.01.30 – 1720.12.16)
Jean-Baptiste Adhémar de Monteil de Grignan (1667.08.03 – 1689.03.09)
Titular Bishop: Tomás de Paredes, Augustinians (O.E.S.A.) (1652.10.14 – 1667.02.17)
References
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Defunct dioceses of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople
Los Angeles Legends was an American women's soccer team, founded in 2008. The team folded after the 2009 season. The team was a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League, the second tier of women's soccer in the United States and Canada. The team played in the Western Conference against teams from Denver, Fort Collins, Los Angeles, Seattle, Vancouver and Ventura.
The team played its home games at Cougar Stadium on the campus of Azusa Pacific University in the city of Azusa, California, 24 miles east of downtown Los Angeles. The team's colors was black and white.
The team was a sister organization of the men's Los Angeles Legends team, which plays in the USL Premier Development League.
Players
Head Coach: Twila Kaufman
Assistant Coach: Kristy Kieley
Fitness Coach: Ali Malaekah
Goalkeeper Coach: Chris Swift
General Manager: Ramon Reid
Squad 2009
Year-by-year
References
PDL rivals add W-League teams
External links
Los Angeles Legends
Soccer clubs in Greater Los Angeles
Women's soccer clubs in California
USL W-League (1995–2015) teams
2008 establishments in California
2009 disestablishments in California
Azusa, California
Møllehøj is the highest natural point in Denmark at .
Geography
Møllehøj is in the Ejerbjerge hills in Skanderborg municipality, very close to Ejer Bavnehøj. The summit is marked with a millstone, a remnant of Ejer mill which was situated on the hill from 1838 to 1917. The mill had eight sides and had an onion-shaped roof.
New measurements made in February 2005 showed that Møllehøj was higher than both Yding Skovhøj (172.66 m including a Bronze Age burial mound on its summit, 170.77 m without) in Horsens municipality and Ejer Bavnehøj, which had both been thought higher. These two high points' natural heights are however respectively 9 and 51 cm lower than Møllehøj. It was officially recognised as Denmark's highest point in 2005.
See also
Himmelbjerget, which was thought to be the highest point of Denmark until 1847
Notes
References
Highest points of countries
Hills of Denmark
Skanderborg Municipality
Ribblesdale High School is a coeducational secondary school located in Clitheroe in the English county of Lancashire.
It is a Community school administered by Lancashire County Council, and offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils. Ribblesdale High School was also previously awarded specialist status as a Technology College.
Notable former pupils
Rhiannon Clements, actress
Joe Garner, footballer
Alex Hartley, cricketer
Lucien Laviscount, actor
Reagan Ogle, footballer
Connor Ripley, footballer
Dom Telford, footballer
Scott Wharton, footballer
Notable former staff
Paul Patrick, LGBT rights activist
References
Secondary schools in Lancashire
Community schools in Lancashire
Schools in Clitheroe
Dino Morelli (born June 6, 1973, Ballymoney, County Antrim, Northern Ireland), is a former racing driver who competed sporadically in Formula 3000 between 1995 and 2001.
Career
Morelli began racing in karts in the late 1980s before joining Irish Formula Ford in 1990, and later British Formula Ford in 1991. By 1994, he was racing in British Formula 3 where he finished 7th in the championship. He joined Omegaland to compete in the first two rounds of the 1995 International Formula 3000 season. He retired from both races. In 1996, he joined Coloni to race in Italian Formula 3, before returning to Formula 3000 in 1997. Driving for DKS Racing, Morelli's season started well finishing 5th in the opening race at Silverstone. He would secure his first, and only, Formula 3000 podium at Helsinki. At the next round in Germany, Morelli was involved in a major accident with Gareth Rees and Cyril Sauvage which saw his car launched over the barriers. Morelli was airlifted to hospital, suffering lacerations on the face and complex fractures to his feet. He did not race again in 1997, but did finish in 12th position in the championship.
In 1998, he returned to the Formula 3000 and completed four races with the best finish of 8th at Monaco. In 1999 he represented Coloni Motorsport in both International F3000 and Italian Formula 3000. In Italy, Morelli completed two races finishing 4th at Misano and winning the final round of the season at Imola. Scoring 13 points he finished 6th overall in Italian F3000 that season. In International F3000, his best result was 10th at Spa.
As he headed into 2000, Morelli completed two International F3000 races for WRT and Durango. Alongside this he also raced in the Sports Racing World Cup completing three rounds. At Donington Park, he won with teammate Richard Lyons. In 2001, he completed five races for Team Astromega with the best finish of 7th place. He retired from both the Monaco and British rounds of the championship after crashes.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete International Formula 3000 results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap.)
Personal Life
Morelli is based in Portrush, and runs a successful business. His family were the founders of the Morelli ice cream parlour business in Northern Ireland.
References
Racing drivers from Northern Ireland
International Formula 3000 drivers
British Formula 3000 Championship drivers
1973 births
Living people
People from Ballymoney
Formula Ford drivers
Italian British racing drivers
People from Northern Ireland of Italian descent
Team Astromega drivers
Scuderia Coloni drivers
P1 Motorsport drivers
Durango drivers
Cascos are flat-bottomed square-ended barges from the Philippines. They were used mostly to carry cargo along lakes and rivers, and as lighters to transport goods to and from moored ships. Though they resemble the Chinese sampan, they are much larger with two detachable masts with junk rigs made of woven fiber. They also possess outrigger-like platforms along the entire length of the sides, which is used by punters with barge poles when traversing shallow water. They were steered by an oar or a central rudder by a helmsman housed in a small raised platform at the stern. The entire deck is covered almost entirely in removable curving or pitched panels.
Cascos were most prevalent in southern Luzon, particularly along the Pasig River and Laguna de Bay, as well as in the Manila Bay harbor. In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, they were often strung together in a train drawn by a steamship (vapor). They were used as transport ships by American troops in Laguna de Bay during the Philippine–American War. Cascos are still used today in fluvial parades. An example is during the celebrations of Our Lady of Peñafrancia in Naga City, Bicol.
See also
Balangay
Garay
Guilalo
Junk (ship), sailing ships of China
Karakoa, raiding ship of the Visayas
Paraw
Salambaw
Sampan, the Malay and Chinese version of the Casco
References
Indigenous ships of the Philippines
Three Faces of Sin () is a 1961 French language motion picture comedy directed by François Villiers, based on novel by Jean-Jaques Gauthier. The music score is by Maurice Jarre. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Jean-Claude Brialy, Catherine Spaak and Scilla Gabel.
It tells the story of a painter who parts from his mistress and marries her daughter.
Principal cast
Michèle Morgan as Renee Plege
Jean-Claude Brialy as Laurent
Catherine Spaak as Daniele Plege
Michel Etcheverry as Inspector
Scilla Gabel as Rossana
Franco Fabrizi as Guerbois
External links
1961 films
French comedy films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by François Villiers
1960s French films
St Austin's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Stafford, Staffordshire, England. It was built from 1861 to 1862 and designed by E. W. Pugin in the Gothic Revival style. It is located on Wolverhampton Road to the south of the town centre. It was later added to by Peter Paul Pugin and it is a Grade II listed building.
History
Foundation
After the Reformation, the Stafford barons, who were descended from William Howard, 1st Viscount Stafford, himself descended from the Dukes of Norfolk, remained Catholic and supported the local Catholic population. In the 1760s, the Stafford family paid for a priest, Fr Thomas Barnaby to celebrate Mass in an attic in a house on the Green in the town. In the 1780s, Fr John Corne served the local mission, rented a house on Tipping Street and built a chapel in the garden. In 1791, the year of the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1791, a permanent chapel was built on Austin Friars. It is the earliest post-Reformation Catholic chapel in the town.
Construction
The current church was built next to the chapel on Austin Friars. The presbytery of the original chapel still exists. In 1819, the chapel was rebuilt by the architect Edward Jerningham. His family, the Jerninghams donated the stained glass and the stalls for the chancel. By 1851, a new larger church was needed to accommodate the 250+ people attending Mass in the chapel. In 1858, the priest at the time, Francis Amherst (before he became Bishop of Northampton), and his successor Fr John Wyse commissioned E. W. Pugin to design the current church. On 21 May 1861, the foundation stone was laid. In total, construction cost £3,000. On 16 July 1862, the church was opened.
Developments
From 1884 to 1894, a new high altar, reredos, Lady Chapel altar and the Sacred Heart Chapel altar were all added. Each of them was designed by Peter Paul Pugin. In the early 1900s, new confessionals and sacristies were built. In 1954, a parish hall was built next to the church. In 1962, a tower, designed by Sandy & Norris, was added to the church. In the 1990s, a spire was added to the short tower.
Parish
St Austin's Church serves its own parish. It has Sunday Mass at 5:00pm on Saturday and at 11:00am on Sunday.
Interior
See also
Archdiocese of Birmingham
Listed buildings in Stafford (Outer Area)
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Stafford
Roman Catholic churches in Staffordshire
Grade II listed churches in Staffordshire
Grade II listed Roman Catholic churches in England
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Staffordshire
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
1861 establishments in England
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1862
Religious organizations established in 1861
E. W. Pugin church buildings
Erigeron ursinus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Bear River fleabane. It is native to the western United States, from Montana and Idaho south as far as Arizona and New Mexico.
Erigeron ursinus grows in sunny locations in sagebrush and in open coniferous woodlands. It is a small perennial herb rarely more than 8 centimeters (3.2 inches) tall, producing rhizomes and a branching underground caudex. The inflorescence is made up of only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains 14–30 white, pink, or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
ursinus
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1871
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Gerald "Gerry" V. Round (birth registered second ¼ 1939 – 1 February 1969) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level for Hebden Bridge ARLFC, and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 646), as a , i.e. number 1.
Background
Gerry Round was born in Hebden Bridge, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, he was killed in a car crash in Birkenshaw, West Riding of Yorkshire, and his death aged 29 was registered in Spen Valley, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
International honours
Gerry Round won caps for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in 1959 against Australia, and in 1962 against France (2 matches), Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches).
Gerry Round achieved the distinction of being Great Britain's full back (v Australia, December, 1959) after only 29 senior games of rugby league football.
Championship Final appearances
Gerry Round played in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1959–60 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Gerry Round played in Wakefield Trinity's 38-5 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 14 May 1960, in front of a crowd of 79,773, played in the 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 12 May 1962, in front of a crowd of 81,263, and played in the 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1963, in front of a crowd of 84,492.
County Cup Final appearances
Gerry Round played in Wakefield Trinity's 19-9 victory over Leeds in the 1961–62 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 11 November 1961.
Club career
Gerry Round made his début for Wakefield Trinity during March 1958, and he played his last match for Wakefield Trinity during the 1968–69 season, he appears to have scored no drop-goals (or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia), but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals, whether; conversions, penalties, or drop-goals, scored 2-points, consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented, therefore '0' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded, rather than no drop-goals scored.
Outside of rugby league
Gerry Round attended Rishworth School, West Riding of Yorkshire in the 1950s, before beginning a 3-year civil engineering course at University of Leeds in 1958.
References
External links
!Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk (statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain, and England)
Gerry Round left HB Rugby to join Wakefield Trinity for 2,000 pounds… unheard of!
Video 'Rugby League Cup Final 1960' at britishpathe.com
Video 'Wakefield Win Cup 1962' at britishpathe.com
Video 'Rugby League Final 1963' at britishpathe.com
Search for "Gerry Round" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1939 births
1969 deaths
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
People from Hebden Bridge
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Yorkshire
Wakefield Trinity players
Ruatahuna is a small town in the remote country of Te Urewera, in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It is 90 kilometres directly west of Gisborne, and 18 kilometres northwest of Lake Waikaremoana. By road, it is 50 kilometres south-east of Murupara, and 110 kilometres north-west of Wairoa. It is on the upper reaches of the Whakatāne River, and surrounded on three sides by the Te Urewera protected area, formerly the Te Urewera National Park. The road that runs from Murupara through Ruatahuna to Āniwaniwa on Lake Waikaremoana, a large part of which is unsealed, used to be designated as part of SH38. It is a subdivision of the Galatea-Murupara ward of the Whakatāne District.
History
The area was the site of much action during the New Zealand Wars of the 1860s and 1870s. From 1870 to 1888, one of the largest wharenui ever built, Te Whai-a-te-Motu, was constructed for Te Kooti and his followers.
Marae
Ruatahuna is within the rohe (tribal area) of Tūhoe, and has several maraes affiliated with Tūhoe hapū:
Kākānui (Tīpapa) marae and Kākahu Tāpiki meeting house, affiliated with Kākahu Tāpiki.
Mātaatua marae and Te Whai-a-te-Motu meeting house, affiliated with Te Urewera.
Ōhāua or Ōhāua te Rangi marae and Te Poho-o-Pōtiki meeting house, affiliated with Ngāti Rongo.
Ōpūtao marae and Te Ngāwari meeting house, affiliated with Ngāti Tāwhaki.
Ōtekura marae and Te Ōhāki meeting house, affiliated with Tamakaimoana.
Pāpueru marae and Te Whatu o Te Kanohi meeting house, affiliated with Ngāti Tāwhaki.
Tātāhoata marae and Te Tapuae meeting house, affiliated with Ngāi Te Riu.
Te Umuroa marae and Te Poho-o-Parahaki meeting house, affiliated with Ngāti Manunui.
Uwhiārae marae and Te Paena meeting house, affiliated with Ngāi Te Paena.
Te Wai-iti marae and Te Poho o Kurī Kino meeting house, affiliated with Ngāti Kurī Kino.
In October 2020, the Government committed $3,996,258 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade Kākānui, Mātaatua, Ōhāua, Pāpueru, Tātāhoata, Uwhiārae, Te Wai-iti marae, creating 79 jobs.
Education
Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Huiarau is a co-educational state Māori language immersion area school for Year 1 to 13 students, with a roll of as of .
References
Whakatane District
Populated places in the Bay of Plenty Region
Kevin Seabury (born 24 November 1973, in Shrewsbury) is an English former professional footballer, who most notably played for his home-town club Shrewsbury Town.
After leaving school, Seabury joined Shrewsbury Town, and was offered a professional contract at the start of the 1992/93 season.
Seabury was to stay with Shrewsbury for just under 10 years, making 206 league starts and scoring 9 league goals. In total he made 258 appearances in a Shrewsbury shirt (including cup games).
In January 2002, Seabury transferred to Dover Athletic, where he made 15 appearances during the second half of the 2001/02 season, scoring 2 goals. He was to move to Welling United in July 2002 and captained the side during his stay there. After two seasons at Welling, Seabury had short stays at Hednesford Town and Bridgnorth Town before retiring from senior football in 2004.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Shrewsbury
English footballers
English Football League players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Hednesford Town F.C. players
Welling United F.C. players
Bridgnorth Town F.C. players
People educated at The Priory School, Shrewsbury
Association football defenders
The Camden Town murder was a murder which took place in Camden Town, London in 1907. Robert Wood, an artist, was tried for the murder of prostitute Emily Dimmock and acquitted after a defence by Edward Marshall Hall.
On 11 September 1907, Emily Elizabeth Dimmock (known as Phyllis), a part-time prostitute in a relationship with Bertram Shaw, a railwayman, was murdered in her home at Agar Grove (then 29 St Paul's Road), Camden, having gone there from The Eagle public house, Royal College Street. Her attacker had slit her throat while she was asleep, then left in the morning. On the 12th, Shaw returned home during the evening to find his room locked. He borrowed a key from a neighbour, and upon entering found Phyllis lying naked on the bed, throat cut from ear to ear. It was a savage but skilful attack on her from the nature of the wound. Nothing much had been taken from the flat, and the motive was a mystery; the case quickly became a sensation.
After initial difficulty, the police investigation led by Inspector Neill centred on Robert Wood, an artist. A former girlfriend of Wood's, Ruby Young, recognised his handwriting on a postcard found in Dimmock's room, which had been published in many newspapers; she mentioned the similarity of the handwriting to a friend who worked in Fleet Street. Wood was put on trial for the murder, during which Marshall Hall displayed the kind of effective and dramatic cross-examination for which he was known. Marshall Hall was convinced of Wood's innocence, and also of the fallibility of the prosecution case. The judge Mr Justice Grantham departed from the pro-conviction stance he was expected to take mid-summing up, and made it clear he thought the jury should acquit. They did, after retiring for 15 minutes between 7:45 and 8:00 pm.
The artist Walter Sickert adopted the phrase The Camden Town Murder for a series of etchings, paintings and drawing in 1908–09, in each of which the subjects are a clothed man and a nude woman. It was dramatised in an episode of the radio crime anthology series The Black Museum, in 1952, starring Orson Welles. A television series, Killer in Close-Up, dramatised by George F. Kerr, featured the case in the episode "The Robert Wood Trial". The episode was produced by Sydney television station ABN-2 and broadcast on 4 September 1957. More than thirty years later, the court case featured in an episode of the BBC series Shadow of the Noose in 1989, with Jonathan Hyde as Marshall Hall, and Peter Capaldi as Wood.
References
1907 in London
20th century in the London Borough of Camden
Camden Town
Deaths by blade weapons
September 1907 events
Unsolved murders in England
Unsolved murders in London
Violence against sex workers in the United Kingdom
1907 murders in the United Kingdom
1900s murders in London
Urbieta is a Basque surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Constantino Urbieta Sosa (1907–1983), Paraguayan football player
Ibon Urbieta (born 1967), Spanish rower
Juan de Urbieta (died 1553), Basque infantryman
See also
, San Sebastian, Spain
Elizabeth Green may refer to:
Elizabeth Shippen Green (1871–1954), American illustrator
Elizabeth Green the Stork Woman, American sideshow performer
Elizabeth Underwood (c. 1790–1858), née Green
Liz Green, radio presenter
Beth Green (The Bill), The Bill character
Beth Green (photographer) (born 1949), American photographer
Betsy Brannon Green (born 1958), mystery/suspense novelist
See also
Eliza Green, poet
Elizabeth Greene (disambiguation)
Cosmo's Cosmic Adventure: Forbidden Planet is a video game programmed by Todd Replogle and published by Apogee Software. It is a two-dimensional side-scrolling platform game. The game was released in mid March 1992 for MS-DOS compatible systems.
Plot
The storyline is about a little alien boy named "Cosmo". Cosmo's parents are taking him to Walt Disney World for his birthday. A comet hits their ship, forcing them to land on an unknown planet (called Zonk in WIP) and repair the ship. Cosmo goes exploring, and when he returns, his parents are missing. Seeing large footprints, Cosmo thinks that his parents have been captured and sets off to rescue them before they are eaten. There are three episodes in the game series in which Cosmo must navigate through 10 alien-themed levels for each episode.
At the end of the first episode, Cosmo unexpectedly gets swallowed by a large creature. The story continues in the second episode, where Cosmo ends up in the creature's body and has to find a way out. At the end of the second episode, Cosmo finds the city where he thinks his parents might have been taken. In the final episode, Cosmo finds his parents (who were in no danger of being eaten the whole time) and has a great time at Disney World for his birthday.
Gameplay
The player controls Cosmo, and the objective is to reach the exit of each level. Cosmo can walk and jump, and can hang onto most walls with his suction-cup hands. Combining the hanging and jumps allows Cosmo to climb to higher places. There are some interactive objects, including pushable ceiling buttons, teleporters, and springs that make Cosmo jump higher. There are also hovercraft (floating pads that allow Cosmo to fly) and hint globes (which cause a message to be displayed if Cosmo runs into one; destroying one with a bomb earns 12,800 points). The player has access to bonus levels after each level if enough stars are collected.
Cosmo has a health meter with three units. Each time an enemy or hazard damages Cosmo, he loses one unit of health. If he takes further damage after losing all health units, or falls off a chasm, the player restarts the level. Cosmo has unlimited lives. There are power-up modules that restore one health unit each. There are also two hidden cheeseburgers in each episode. Picking one up earns Cosmo an additional empty health unit, allowing Cosmo's health meter to reach a maximum of five units. Enemies hurt Cosmo by touching him or firing projectiles at him. Cosmo can kill many of them by jumping on them. Bombs can also be collected and used to destroy enemies. Cosmo can carry at most 9 bombs at a time. After Cosmo drops a bomb, it takes a few seconds to explode, and it can hurt Cosmo if he is too close. Bombs can also be used to destroy other objects and hazards. Shield cubes, once collected, provide a temporary invincibility shield for Cosmo.
Development
The game's working titles were "The Adventures of Zonk" and "Cosmo Kid from Space", but Stephen Hornback ultimately gave it the final name.
Cosmo uses 16-color EGA graphics at 320×200 screen resolution. The game uses three-layer, horizontal, parallax scrolling. A file contained with the shareware version of the game urged people not to download it if their computers could not handle it. The game was written with 24,500 lines of code. The game supports AdLib music, but sound effects are generated by the PC speaker.
Reception
Computer Gaming World stated that Cosmo's Cosmic Adventure was "especially playable and extremely addicting", and that fans of Commander Keen and side-scrolling platform games "will find Cosmo much to their liking ... hours of pleasure without excessive destruction". The game was reviewed in 1993 in Dragon #197 by Sandy Petersen in the first "Eye of the Monitor" column. Petersen gave the game 2 out of 5 stars.
References
External links
Official Cosmo website
Episode 1 of Cosmo's Cosmic Adventure can be played for free in the browser at the Internet Archive
1992 video games
Apogee games
DOS games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Linux games
MacOS games
Platform games
Side-scrolling platform games
Video games about extraterrestrial life
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Bobby Prince
Video games set on fictional planets
Windows games
David "Dave" Hawley is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. He played at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 719), as a , i.e. number 13, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Dave Hawley played , in Wakefield Trinity's 17-10 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the Championship Final during the 1967-68 season at Headingley, Leeds on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Dave Hawley played , in Wakefield Trinity's 10-11 defeat by Leeds in the 1968 Challenge Cup "Watersplash" Final during the 1967–68 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1968, in front of a crowd of 87,100.
References
External links
Search for "Hawley" at rugbyleagueproject.org
SportsFile: Caught in Time: Leeds wins the Challenge Cup, 1968
Rugby Cup Final 1968
Living people
English rugby league players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Wakefield Trinity players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league locks
Turning Point is the second album by American organist Lonnie Smith recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 3 stars and stated "While the more adventurous elements of Turning Point make for an intriguing listen, the album isn't quite as enjoyable as the harder grooving sessions or the spacier soul-jazz records from the same era. Nevertheless, it's a worthwhile listen".
Track listing
All compositions by Lonnie Smith except as indicated
"See Saw" (Don Covay, Steve Cropper) - 5:54
"Slow High" - 6:31
"People Sure Act Funny" (Bobby Robinson, Titus Turner) - 6:25
"Eleanor Rigby" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) - 9:18
"Turning Point" - 8:23
Recorded at Rudy Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey on January 3, 1969
Personnel
Lonnie Smith - organ
Lee Morgan - trumpet (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 5)
Bennie Maupin - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 5)
Julian Priester - trombone (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 5)
Melvin Sparks - guitar
Idris Muhammad - drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Lonnie Smith (jazz musician) albums
1969 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Francis Wolff
Georges Huber (1910–2003, also known as George Huber) was a Swiss journalist who wrote many publications relating to the Catholic Church.
Biography
Born at Trubschachen in Switzerland in 1910, Huber took his primary education in French and German-Swiss schools. He then went to Paris where he received his doctorate in political, social and economic sciences as well as a license in international sciences. At the Catholic University in Paris he did post-graduate work in philosophy and took courses with Etienne Gilson at the College de France.
Huber was the correspondent in Rome of a number of French, German, Canadian and Italian publications. He interrupted his work in Rome for a period during the Second World War, when he returned to his native Switzerland to work in the Economic War Administration at Basel.
Huber lived in Rome where he spoke 7 languages and worked as a journalist with his wife Marie-Thérèse, whom he married in 1946. Both were members of the third order Carmelites. One of the publications Huber wrote for was the French La Croix.
Before his death in Rome in 2003, Huber authored no less than 15 books on current events in religious matters.
Huber wrote about the famous Prayer to St. Michael in Arrière, Satan! Le diable aujourd'hui. This text was quoted in its Italian version in an article available through the publication Zenit.
Huber also appeared to have an interest in the Society of St. Pius X and Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, having written a number of articles on this matter.
Publications
Vers une paix juste et durable : Les messages de Noël de S. S. Pie XII (1944)
Discours aux jeunes époux (1947–1955)
Discours aux jeunes époux. 1, 1re et 2me année de pontificat, 2 mars 1939 - 1er mars 1941 (1955)
Le Cardinal reçoit toujours! (1959)
My Door is Always Open (1959)
Vers le Concile : Dialogues sous la colonnade de Saint-Pierre (1961)
Vers l'union des chrétiens : nouveaux entretiens sous la colonnade de Saint-Pierre (1962)
Paul VI (1963)
Paul VI, esquisse biographique et psychologique (1963)
Laïcs... et saints ? : dans la lumière de Vatican I (1967, with Marie-Thérèse Huber & Jean Guitton)
Pilgrim of Peace (1967)
Mon ange marchera devant toi (1970) (English: My Angel Will Go Before You—1983)
Le bras de Dieu : pour une vision chrétienne de l'histoire (1976)
Jean-Paul Ier : ou, la Vocation de Jean-Baptiste (1979)
Dio è Signore della storia : per una visione cristiana della storia (1982, with Mariella Crespi Barattini)
Le père Marie-Eugène de l'Enfant-Jésus, o.c.d., ou, L'Audace de la foi (1987)
Arrière, Satan! Le diable aujourd'hui (1992)
Un témoin de la foi : le Père Marie-Eugène (1994)
Nicholas Wolf (1995)
Un témoin du Christ au pays des mille dieux (1998)
Le cours des événements : hasard ou providence (2001)
Articles
Avant la conférence de Mgr Lefebvre à Rome, remous dans la noblesse : l'ex-roi d'Italie intervient
Pour le règlement de l'affaire d'Ecône : une lettre du pape
Le pape approuve la Fraternité Saint-Pierre
Idées saugrenues. (Réconciliation Vatican- Ecône?)
En marge de l'affaire d'Ecône, les leçons d'un douloureux conflit
Mgr Lefebvre débouté à Rome. Vers une solution?
Une interview de MGR Lefebvre : prêt à franchir le Rubicon
En marge de la visite canonique du séminaire d'Ecône : vigoureuse interview du cardinal Thiandoum
Une invitation des papes
Le pape ne recevra pas Mgr Lefebvre
Ecône : en marge d'un "rebondissement" : distinguer!
Précisions du Vatican touchant l'audience accordée par le pape à Mgr lefèbvre : tant d'inexactitudes à rectifier...
Paul VI dénonce les erreurs de Mgr Lefèbvre ainsi que les déviations des progressistes
Les évêques allemands et Mgr Lefebvre
Béatification de Maurice Tornay : un homme de notre temps
Paul VI commente l'affaire d'Ecône
Le drame d'Ecône
Le contenu exacte de la nouvelle lettre du pape à Mgr Lefebvre
Mgr Salina consacré évêque
Le cardinal Ottaviani et l'affaire d'Ecône : sévère mise au point
Un religieux valaisan nommé recteur de l'Institut pontifical Regina mundi : (P. Benoît duroux)
Jean Paul II aux cardinaux : pour résorber le schisme d'Ecône
Le dossier Ecône
Au Vatican, décès du père Henri de Riedmatten : un dominicain valaisan d'intelligence et de coeur au service de l'Eglise
Vers un règlement de l'affaire d'Ecône?
Le centenaire d'un "scandale" : l'ascension du Mont-Rose par le pape Pie XI
Avertissement du pape à Mgr Lefebvre
La lettre personnelle et conciliante adressé par le Saint-Père à Mgr lefebvre le 11 octobre
En marge de la rencontre entre le pape Paul VI et Mgr Lefebvre
Vers l'union des chretiens : nouveaux chretiens sous la colonnade de Saint-Pierre
Le bienheureux Maurice Tornay martyr au Tibet (1998)
References
External links
Incomplete list of Huber's books on WorldCat Note: some books on this list do not belong to the journalist in question.
Huber's book Arriere Satan! in Polish translation. Gives some biographical information from the Editor.
1910 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Swiss journalists
Below are some of common festivities associated with, or observed by the Dutch ethnic group. Included are cultural feasts. National holidays, of for example the Netherlands (such as Queen's Day) are omitted. Major festivities include:
Feast of Saint Nicholas. The feast celebrates the name day of Saint Nicholas, patron saint of, among other things, children, who are the principal focus of the feast. They receive presents, candy and poems. The origins of Saint Nicholas appear to be Christian, but in fact originate from ancient Germanic mythology, with Dutch figure of Sinterklaas representing the god Odin. Both have a beard, hat and spear (nowadays a staff) and the cloth bag held by the servants to capture naughty children. Both Saint Nicolas and Odin ride white horses that can fly through the air. The letters made of chocolate given by the Zwarte Pieten to the children evokes the fact that Odin ‘invented' the rune letters. The poems made during the celebration and the songs the children sing relate to Odin as the god of the arts of poetry. It's celebrated on December 5 or 6.
Christmas. Among the Dutch, Christmas (which lasts two days) is a time of togetherness. Gifts are generally not exchanged. Usually it is celebrated with ones direct, and not extended, family. It's celebrated on December 25 and 26.
New Year's Eve. The Dutch generally celebrate New Year's Eve, which is called Old Years' Night in Dutch, with friends and family. On this day, traditional New Years pastries like Oliebollen are eaten. At mid-night the Dutch wish all the best to all in their presence and fire works are set off. Following these activities it is customary to express a good intention for the next year. The following morning is marked by visits to family, usually parents. It's celebrated on December 31.
Kermesse. Originally denoting the mass said on the anniversary of the foundation of a church (or the parish) and in honour of the patron. Today Kermesse denotes the celebrations of such an anniversary. Many towns and larger villages hold their own Kermesse once every year. It can best be described as a mix of feasting, dancing, sports and funfair attractions.
Birthday. Birthdays, called Year days in Dutch, are greeted with enthusiasm in Dutch culture. Family and friends will probably visit, call or send a card. It is considered to be anti-social for a person to ignore his or her own birthday. Among the Dutch, instead of people showering the birthday person with special treats, it is the birthday person's place to treat those around him or her. This is exemplified by the custom to bring pastries for colleagues to work; and at school children bring treats for all their classmates. Dutch people generally keep a special Birthday calendar, often to be found in the bathroom of their houses.
See also
Dutch people
Dutch culture
Hızırkahya, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Anthony Howe (born 1954, Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American kinetic sculptor who creates wind-driven sculptures resembling pulsing, alien creatures and vortices. He makes use of computer-aided design, shaping the metal components with a plasma cutter, and completing his work by use of traditional metalworking techniques.
Howe notably designed a cauldron and accompanying kinetic sculpture for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio, Brazil.
Education and work
Howe attended The Taft School between 1969 and 1973, and for the next 6 years was enrolled at Cornell University and Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture. In 1979 he built a house on a remote mountaintop in New Hampshire. Here he painted beautiful landscapes for a wonderful five years, and displayed his work at 'Gallery on the Green' in Lexington, Massachusetts. His paintings may be found in the collections of Teradyne, Harvard University, the William Small collection and other public and private collections.
In 1985 Howe moved to New York City and turned from painting to kinetic sculpting. Four years later his first work was hung from old elevator cables stretched between buildings. In 1993 he joined the Kim Foster Gallery in New York, and the following year moved to Orcas Island in Washington, where he once again built a house and opened his own gallery.
He claims one of his methods of testing the sculptures is by fixing them to top of his van and then driving down the local airstrip.
In August 2015, Howe was offered the role of designing a cauldron for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The games' organizers had decided not to have a larger cauldron and flame as part of an effort to be environmentally conscious, resulting in the construction of a small cauldron with a larger kinetic sculpture to accompany it; the sculpture, which consists of ring of rotating bars, a 40 ft (12.2 m) in diameter, with reflective plates and spheres, was meant to enhance the appearance of the smaller flame, providing an effect inspired by the "pulsing energy and reflection of light" of the sun. The sculpture was designed at his studio on Orcas Island, with final construction occurring in Montreal before being shipped to Rio.
References
External links
Official website.
Video by Elizabeth Rudge
Compilation Videos of Howe's Works -- -- -- Short Version and Long Version
'Anthony Howe's Otherworldly Kinetic Sculptures'
'Orcas Island, WA: Anthony Howe's kinetic sculptures'
The Creators Project
Video of 'Octo' sculpture
'Big Wind Whelp'
'Study for potential kinetic sculpture'
Kinetic sculptors
1954 births
Living people
Artists from Salt Lake City
Taft School alumni
Cornell University alumni
Sculptors from Utah
Ola Selvaag Solbakken (born 7 September 1998) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward for Eliteserien club Bodø/Glimt.
Club career
After starting his career at Ranheim, Solbakken signed a two-year contract with Bodø/Glimt on 18 December 2019, joining the club on 1 January 2020.
International career
He made his debut for Norway national football team on 13 November 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Latvia.
Career statistics
Honours
Bodø/Glimt
Eliteserien: 2020, 2021
References
1998 births
Living people
People from Melhus
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norway international footballers
Association football forwards
Eliteserien players
Ranheim Fotball players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Sportspeople from Trøndelag
Wamanripa (Quechua wamanripa Senecio, "the one with the wamanripa", also spelled Huamanripa) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District. Wamanripa lies southeast of Wamanripayuq.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
The 1930 Gonzaga Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Gonzaga University as an independent during the 1930 college football season. In their first and only year under head coach Ray Flaherty, the Bulldogs compiled a 1–7–1 record and was outscored by a total of 173 to 55.
Schedule
References
Gonzaga
Gonzaga Bulldogs football seasons
Gonzaga Bulldogs football
Altarejos may refer to:
Places
Altarejos, a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
de Altarejos
Mota de Altarejos, a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain
Fresneda de Altarejos, a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain
People with the surname
Joselito Altarejos, Filipino filmmaker
Dante Alighieri, is a public artwork by Italian artist Ettore Ximenes, located at Meridian Hill Park in Washington, D.C., United States. Dante Alighieri was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian Institution's Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey in 1994. The monument is a tribute to Italian poet Dante Alighieri.
Description
The statue depicts Dante standing wearing a robe and a laurel wreath upon his head. At his proper right side he holds a copy of The Divine Comedy in his hands. The statue rests on a granite base (6 ft. 7 in. x 4 ft. 10 in.). The proper right side of the bronze is signed by Ximenes and the rear of the figure is stamped with the founders mark for Roman Bronze Works.
The front of the base features the inscription: DANTE
And on the back of the base is inscribed:
DANTE ALIGHIERI
PRESENTED TO THE
CITY OF WASHINGTON
IN BEHALF OF THE
ITALIANS IN THE
UNITED STATES BY
COMM CARLO BARSOTTI
Acquisition and dedication
Dante is a casting of a statue located at Dante Park in New York City. The founder of Dante Park and editor of Il Progresso Italiano-Americano, Carlo Barsotti, donated the replica in 1921 as a tribute to Italian Americans. The total cost of the statue reached upwards of $20,000 and weighs at least 3,000 pounds.
The statue was dedicated on December 1, 1921, as a "gift of the Italians of the United States." Barsotti, also head of the Dante Memorial Commission of New York, gave a speech, as well as M. Rene Viviani on behalf of the French people, and Italian ambassador Vittorio Rolandi Ricci. President Warren G. Harding and his wife also attended the dedication.
Dante was covered in Italian and American flags and was unveiled by Clarence Caldwell and Minne Elizabeth Sherrill, the children of the Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds at the time. Other notables who attended the event included the French Ambassador of the time and his wife, the President of the Italian Delegation Carlo Schanzer, the High Commissioner of Italy, Signor Quattrone, and numerous military and Italian community members. Music was played, celebrating Italian and American heritage and contemporary culture of the time.
Italian poet and scholar Giovanni Pascoli believed that this was the best figure of Dante ever sculpted after viewing a version of the work in Ximenes' studio. When influenced by art critic Florence Brooks about the sculpture and the public reception of it Ximenes was quoted as saying "That is not for me or you to say but for the public, for posterity. Every work performed by an artist is a page in history."
The sculpture was founded by Roman Bronze Works in New York City.
Donor
Carlo Barsotti was born in Pisa, Italy in 1850. In 1880 he founded the Progresso Italo-Americano newspaper in New York City. King Umberto I of Italy rewarded him the distinction of the title Chevalier in 1888. With numerous awards from the country of Venezuela and the Italian Red Cross, he was quite the Italian figure in late 19th century America.
Condition
This sculpture was surveyed in 1994 for its condition and was described as "well maintained."
References
External links
Dante statue listed on dcMemorials
"How did a twelve-foot bronze statue of Dante Alighieri end up in Washington's Meridian Hill Park?" from the Italian Cultural Society of Washington, D.C.
1921 sculptures
Artworks in the collection of the National Park Service
Presidency of Warren G. Harding
Bronze sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Cultural depictions of Dante Alighieri
Meridian Hill/Malcolm X Park
Monuments and memorials in Washington, D.C.
Statues of writers
Sculptures of men in Washington, D.C.
Marc Zwiebler () (born 13 March 1984) is a badminton player from Germany. His highest ranking is 10 in the world. He is a seven-time German national champion in men's singles. He won gold at the 2012 European Championships in Karlskrona over Henri Hurskainen 21–15, 21–13. 2010 he won bronze behind Peter Gade and Jan Ø. Jørgensen. By reaching the third round at the 2008 Olympics and the final of 2009 Denmark Open, one of premier tournament competition series BWF World Superseries, Zwiebler is considered as Germany's top badminton player of all time.
Badminton career
Zwiebler started at the age of six years to play badminton. Soon, he was regarded as the biggest German talent. He was 19 times German youth and junior champion in 2003 he became European junior champion and won his first international title at the senior.
In 2005, he was plagued by pain in the back, he thought was ordinary sore muscles until the pain had worsened significantly and he could no longer play just before Christmas 2005. With the diagnosis of herniated disc, his career was in jeopardy and thus moved his dream of participating at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing in further distance. After an operation in late 2006 and six months of rehabilitation and fitness training with a total of one and a half year absence, he started to chase after the Olympic qualification. After the enforced break, he was given no more in the world ranking, but within eight months he fought his way, including six European Badminton Circuit titles in 27th place in the world ranking and gave themselves enough to make participation in the Olympics.
At the 2008 Olympics, Zwiebler beat Ireland's Scott Evans in the first round and England's Andrew Smith in the second round, each in three sets. As the first German player ever he went there one last sixteen, but lost to South Korea's Lee Hyun-il 13–21, 23-25.
At 2009 World Championships in Hyderabad, he lost to Kenichi Tago in the second round 15–21, 10–21.
At 2009 Denmark Open, Zwiebler defeated the number four seeded Malaysia's Wong Choong Hann in the first round in three sets. It was followed by a victory over his unseeded compatriot Muhammad Hafiz Hashim in three sets before he won against the number eight seeded China's Chen Long in two sets. In the semifinals, he finally won over the reigning World Cup bronze medalist and runner-up of 2007 Indonesia's Sony Dwi Kuncoro in three sets. He became the first ever German to reach the final of a Super Series tournament in Denmark, but lost to Indonesia's Simon Santoso 14–21, 6–21.
At prestigious 2011 All England, Zwiebler beat the reigning world champion China's Chen Jin 21–18, 22–20 in the second round, but was defeated in the semifinals by the 2008 Olympic champion and four-time world champion, China's Lin Dan 9–21, 21–16, 11–21.
He also steered Germany into the semi-finals of the 2010 European Men's Team Championships, where they lost to eventual champions Denmark. Later that year, he gained a bronze medal at the European Championships after losing to Peter Gade in the semifinals in a thrilling match 21–18, 12–21, 17–21.
In July 2011, Zwiebler won the Canada Open and thus his first BWF Grand Prix title. In the final he beat the 2004 Olympic champion and 2005 world champion Taufik Hidayat 21–13, 25-23.
In April 2017, Zwiebler announced his retirement on his personal Facebook page. He stated that the European Championships, Sudirman Cup, Thailand Open, Indonesia Open, and 2017 BWF World Championships will be his last tournaments.
Results
Men's singles
BWF Super Series (Premier)
Germany national team
References
External links
Match overview at highest professional Badminton league in Germany
1984 births
Living people
German male badminton players
Olympic badminton players of Germany
Badminton players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Bonn
The 1957 season of the Paraguayan Primera División, the top category of Paraguayan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Olimpia.
Results
Standings
External links
Paraguay 1957 season at RSSSF
Para
Primera
Paraguayan Primera División seasons
Surfdale is a settlement on Waiheke Island in northern New Zealand. The original name being Okahu, Surfdale beach on Huruhi Bay has tidal mudflats, and is often used for windsurfing or kitesurfing. Shelly beach on Pukiki Bay is sandy and shelly. The area was developed in the mid–1920s.
Demographics
Surfdale covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Surfdale had a population of 2,067 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 186 people (9.9%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 369 people (21.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 789 households, comprising 1,023 males and 1,044 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.98 males per female. The median age was 43.2 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 366 people (17.7%) aged under 15 years, 315 (15.2%) aged 15 to 29, 1,023 (49.5%) aged 30 to 64, and 366 (17.7%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 86.2% European/Pākehā, 11.3% Māori, 3.2% Pacific peoples, 5.2% Asian, and 6.8% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 32.7, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 60.5% had no religion, 23.9% were Christian, 0.7% had Māori religious beliefs, 0.7% were Hindu, 1.5% were Buddhist and 3.9% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 504 (29.6%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 213 (12.5%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $31,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. 330 people (19.4%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 843 (49.6%) people were employed full-time, 303 (17.8%) were part-time, and 45 (2.6%) were unemployed.
Education
Two of the three schools on Waiheke Island are on Donald Bruce Road in the Surfdale area.
Waiheke High School is a secondary school (Year 7–13) with a roll of students.
Te Huruhi Primary School is a contributing primary school (Year 1–6) with a roll of students. Both schools are coeducational. Rolls are as of
References
Populated places on Waiheke Island
Leucopogon corynocarpus is a small plant in the family Ericaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
It was first formally described in 1845 by Otto Wilhelm Sonder in Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's Plantae Preissianae. The specific epithet (corynocarpus) means "club-fruited".
References
corynocarpus
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 1845
Taxa named by Otto Wilhelm Sonder
Sir Richard Stapley (23 October 1842 – 20 May 1920) was a British businessman, philanthropist and Liberal Party politician.
Background
Stapley was born the son of Robert Stapley, of Twineham, Sussex. In 1866, he married Annie Jenner. He was knighted in 1908. In 1919 he founded the Sir Richard Stapley Educational Trust.
Political career
Stapley was Liberal candidate for the Brixton division of Lambeth at the 1892 General Election. He was a Liberal candidate for the Holborn division of Finsbury at the January 1910 General Election.
He did not stand for parliament again. He was also a Justice of the Peace and a Member of Council of the City of London.
Electoral record
References
1842 births
1920 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Knights Bachelor
English justices of the peace
Malcolm A. Love Library (commonly referred to as University Library), opened in 1971, is the primary, central academic library serving multiple campuses of San Diego State University (SDSU) in Southern California and Northern Baja California, Mexico. Located on the Montezuma Mesa in the College Area of San Diego, California, the library underwent a major expansion to improve Library & Information Access for students institution-wide with construction of the Manchester Hall addition including a spectacular glass enclosed atrium to serve as the new entrance gateway for the University Library. The iconic design and architecture of the new glass and steel enclosed lobby, and its stated purpose, has earned the entire complex the reference The Info Dome.
The University Library located at Centennial Plaza, east of Campanile Mall on the main campus of SDSU, occupies more than , seats more than 3,000 people, and circulates more than 488,000 books yearly (as of 2011). It has more than 2.2 million volumes, 4.6 million microform items, and 140,000 maps.
Library Addition
The University Library was expanded with the opening of The Info Dome in 1996, and completion of "Manchester Hall", a two-story underground addition to the library, includes a state-of-the-art Media Center, 24/7 Study Area, and two electronic classrooms.
Services
National Center for the Study of Children's Literature
In cooperation with SDSU's Department of English and Comparative Literature, the Library is the home to the National Center for the Study of Children's Literature, which recently received a $1 million gift donation by way of the Christopher D. and Karen Sickels Endowment for Special Collection in Children's Literature.
Federal Depository Library
The Library has been a selective depository library since 1962, receiving most of the items distributed by the U.S. Government Printing Office through its Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP).
State Depository Library
The Library is a complete depository library with the California State Depository Library Program.
Map library
See Map Collection
The Library's Map Collection, consists of over 135,000 sheet maps and more than 1,000 atlases and gazetteers. The collection is worldwide in scope, with an emphasis on San Diego, California, the United States of America, and Baja California. The collection has general, worldwide topographical, nautical, and aeronautical coverage. Most of the collection dates from 1945 to the present.
Special Collections
See Special Collections and University Archives
The Library's Special Collections and University Archives houses rare, fine, unique, and valuable books, periodicals, manuscripts, and documents which require security and care in handling. Other valuable historical items such as photographs, prints, postcards, memorabilia, scrapbooks, and oral histories are also held in Special Collections.
Art collection
Center for Regional History
Other
NRA Packages, a mural painted in 1936 by Genevieve Burgeson Bredo, and for many years thought lost, has been restored and is on display at the foot of the Library Addition stairs. The mural was discovered in 2004 behind ceiling tiles inside SDSU's Hardy Memorial Tower, which was part of the university's first library. Painted in a variety of media, it portrays three men unloading National Recovery Act (NRA) packages from a van near San Diego's Hillcrest neighborhood. A second, larger mural, George Sorenson's San Diego Industry, remains in Hardy Tower. This mural depicts the successive stages of tuna fishing and canning, along with the multi-ethnic work force involved in that industry. The library hopes to remove, restore and relocate this mural.
See Uncovering Local Art and Industry: The Discovery of Hidden WPA-Era Murals at San Diego State University (SDSU Occasional Archeological Paper Series)
See SDSU Press Release: Exhibit promises wider exposure for legendary local painter and longtime SDSU art director
Namesake
Dr. Malcolm A. Love, Ph.D., was the fourth (4th) President of San Diego State University (SDSU), serving from 1952 to 1971. Prior to his Presidency, Dr. Love was President of the University of Nevada for two (2) years. During his nineteen (19) years as President of SDSU, he was able to transform the institution from a teacher's college into a university. In 1966, the Carnegie Corporation named Dr. Love one of the best college Presidents in the country. With the extraordinary growth of students, faculty and facilities, there were plans for new library to be named in honor of Dr. Love. The Library was dedicated to Dr. Love in May 1971.
See N.Y Times obituary for Dr. Malcolm A. Love, Ph.D.
Other Libraries at San Diego State University
Other unofficial libraries on the SDSU campus include:
Cross-Cultural Center Library
Science:
Edwin C. Allison Center for Historical Science (Geology Library, research center, and collections)
Physics Library
Business:
Entrepreneurial Management Center (EMC Resource Library)
Art, Music & Dance:
Audio-Visual Library
Slide Library
Career counseling:
Career Center Library
Career Resource Library
Student services:
Test Library
Instructional services:
The ITS Media Center collection has been transferred to the Library & Information Access
References
External links
Library website
Love Library
Love Library
Love Library
Love Library
Love Library
Library buildings completed in 1971
Ratanapol (Thai: รัตนพล) is a Thai given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:
Anat Ratanapol (born 1947), Thai sprinter
Ratanapol Sor Vorapin (born 1974), Thai professional boxer
Thai-language surnames
Thai given names
The Minorco SA (Minerals and Resources Company) was a mining company based in Luxembourg. It was set up by the South African Anglo American Corporation in 1987 to hold its non-African, non-diamond mining operations. Although Minorco was quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the majority of its shares were controlled by the Oppenheimer family directly and indirectly via Anglo American Corporation and its then sister company De Beers.
History
The origin of Minorco dates back to 1928 when the Anglo American Corporation founded the Rhodesian Anglo American Limited in London. In 1954 the company moved its headquarter to Zambia and ten years later it changed its name to Zambian Anglo American Limited. In 1970 a move to Bermuda followed. In 1974 the name changed to Minerals and Resources Company (Minorco) and the company was turned into the international mining investment arm of Anglo American Corporation to avoid the impact of economic sanctions against the apartheid system. In the same year Anglo American transferred its 27% stake in Engelhard, an American mining and commodities trading conglomerate, to Minorco to further strengthen its financial basis.
In 1975 Minorco bought 45% interest in Hudbay, followed in 1981 by the acquisition of substantial minority interests in the three natural resources companies Consolidated Gold Fields (29%), Newmont (22.4) and Charter Consolidated (36%). In the same year it entered the investment business via a stake in Salomon Brothers, the New York brokerage house, but Salomon bought back that stake in 1987. Also in 1987 Minorco was restructured, moved to Luxembourg and was named Minorco SA. Its shares were quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, but the Oppenheimer family kept the majority of its shares directly and indirectly via Anglo American Corporation and its then sister company De Beers.
In 1988 Minorco started a hostile and ultimately unsuccessful take-over bid for the full control of Consolidated Gold Fields (ConsGold), a British firm and the world's second-largest gold concern. With an offering price of $4.9 billion, it was the largest attempted takeover in British corporate history. In 1989 Minorco agreed to sell its minority stake in Consolidated Gold Fields to Hanson, which had made an alternative all-cash takeover offer for ConsGold worth £ 3.5 billion.
With the end of the apartheid system in South Africa at the beginning of the 1990s and the growing threat of nationalization of its assets the Anglo American Corporation increased its overseas investments and transferring assets outside South Africa it still directly owned into Luxembourg-based Minorco. Minorco expanded its North American mining operations by acquiring the American firm Freeport-McMoRan Gold Company from its parent Freeport-McMoRan in 1990 and took full control of the Canadian-based Hudson Bay Mining & Smelting in 1991. In a 1993 $1.4 billion stock and asset swap, Minorco took over the South American, European, and Australian operations of both Anglo American Corporation and De Beers, which meant that all of Anglo American's non-African, non-diamond assets were now consolidated within Minorco and out of the reach of nationalization.
In 1998 the Anglo American Corporation unveiled a merger with Minorco to create one of the world's biggest mining and natural resources companies with a stock market value of then $10 billion. The new company was called Anglo American plc and was based in London. Before Minorco had to unveil lower earnings for 1997 and a cut in its dividend because of a slump in world commodity prices. In connection with the merger Minorco announced it would sell its gold interests, mainly in North and South America, and its stakes in fertilizer maker Terra Industries, as well as its 31.8% stake in Engelhard. At the same time Anglo American Corporation said it would dispose of its interests in South Africa's Beverage and Consumer Industries Holdings and South African Breweries.
References
External links
Ruth Kaplan: "Anglo American Corporation of South Africa Ltd.: Investments in North America", Publisher: Africa Fund, 1982 on JSTOR
Darren Schuettler. 1998-10-15. The Journal of Commerce online. "Anglo merger with Minorco to create mining giant". Retrieved 2021-04-30
Defunct companies of Luxembourg
Companies based in Luxembourg City
Defunct mining companies
1987 establishments in Luxembourg
1999 disestablishments in Luxembourg
Barak Norman (c.1670–c.1740) was an English string instrument maker. He was the most important early English maker, noted for his viols and lutes. He also made violins, and was one of the earliest English cello makers. His work is characterized by beautiful modelling, good wood and very dark brown varnish; the tone is strong and rich. Early specimens are highly arched but later ones have medium arching and elaborate double purfling. The earliest recorded label (on a viol) is dated 1690.
References
Notes
British luthiers
1670s births
1740s deaths
The Snowy Range Lodge, formerly known as the Libby Lodge, is located in the Snowy Range of Medicine Bow National Forest in Wyoming. The three-story log lodge was built in 1925 as the Libby Lodge. From 1925 to the mid-1970s, the Lodge served as a classic mountain lodge, sleeping up to 75 people in the main lodge and in ten cabins on 40 acres leased from the US Forest Service. In the mid-1970s, it fell into a state of abandonment, neglect, and disrepair such that the Forest Service planned to burn and bulldoze it as it presented a liability risk to National Forest users who might venture inside.
The Lodge was purchased and rehabilitated by a local family and currently serves as a private residence, and private hire for events (not accommodation).
References
External links
Snowy Range Lodge at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Houses completed in 1925
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Hotels in Wyoming
Houses in Albany County, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Albany County, Wyoming
The Andre Felix National Park is a national park found in the Central African Republic, contiguous to Radom National Park in Sudan. It was established in 1960 and its area is 951 km.
Park consists of a lowland, a fairly open forest in the northern half, with a densely forested, elevated southern sector.
It is home to a jungle forest savannah with Bambusa, Isoberlinia and Terminalia.
The main species of fauna found are ostriches, buffaloes, crocodiles, elephants, giraffes, hippos, lions, panthers, wild boars among others.
external Links
Birdlife.org
References
National parks of the Central African Republic
Haute-Kotto
Scott Eugene Valentine (born June 3, 1958) is an American actor, best known for his role as Nick Moore on the series Family Ties.
Life and career
Valentine was born in Saratoga Springs, New York, the son of Beverly Ann (née Hanna) and Edward Eugene Valentine. He began to pursue acting one year into his college education, attending the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City. He completed the three-year program in one and a half years. He got as far as a screen test for the film The Lords of Discipline when he was hit, run over, and dragged by a truck on September 17, 1981 and his career was halted for three years as he recovered. He moved to Los Angeles and landed a recurring role on the TV series Family Ties as Nick Moore, the loveable but dim-witted boyfriend of Mallory Keaton from 1985 to 1989, for seasons 4 through 7.
During an interview for Montreal radio station CJAD, Valentine thought the role was not challenging enough for the money he was receiving, saying: "I'm so glad I went to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and to all the other fine acting institutions so I could grunt on primetime television. The primal dig, the date from hell. It was a lot of fun, but literally there were times where I only had to utter two guttural utterances in a show and they paid me a bundle of cash for it. I felt bad at times."
Valentine's success as Nick Moore on Family Ties led to three separate spin-offs. The first starred Valentine and actor Herschel Bernardi called Taking It Home. Filming was canceled when Bernardi died in 1986. The second spin-off placed Valentine's character in a Friends-like environment in New York City. The third was a pilot episode for a spin-off titled The Art of Being Nick; the episode aired once and co-starred Julia Louis-Dreyfus. "It came in number two and they still didn't pick it up," recalled Valentine.
He has appeared since then as a guest actor in several hit television series such as CSI: NY, NewsRadio, and JAG; his first major motion picture, My Demon Lover; and numerous TV and straight-to-video movies. He also voiced The Phantom in Phantom 2040. He portrayed Metallo in an episode of Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman TV series.
Personal life
On September 29, 1985, in Los Angeles, Valentine married actress Kym Denyse (Fisher) Stephenson. Valentine and Stephenson divorced February 14, 2012. Valentine has four sons from the marriage; Trevin John (1986), Shayler Stephenson (1988), Jesstin Jay-Owen (1992) and Caden Edward (1998).
On November 7, 2021 Valentine married Jennifer Wood (née Malchow), another Saratoga Springs native, in their hometown of Saratoga Springs.
Valentine is now a partner in Excelsior Capital Partners, a boutique investment firm that focuses on the renewable and sustainable energy sector.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
People from Saratoga Springs, New York
Where Chaos Reigns is a 1985 adventure module for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Its associated code is CM6.
Plot synopsis
Where Chaos Reigns is an adventure in which the player characters time travel to four alternate realities to save their own reality.
The player characters are chosen by mysterious forces to fix a breakdown in reality. Far away in dimensions, is Aelos, where time is breaking down. This is affecting the 'main' reality. For example, flowers bloom out of season, fish fall out of the sky and the moon has turned blue. Even the entities known as the 'Immortals' are powerless to help, it is up to the player characters.
Publication history
CM6 Where Chaos Reigns was written by Graeme Morris with Jim Bambra and Phil Gallagher, with a cover by Brian Williams and interior illustrations by Jez Goodwin, and was published by TSR in 1985 as a 24-page booklet with an outer folder.
Credits
Graeme Morris: Design
Brian Williams: Cover art
Reception
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
References
External links
Where Chaos Reigns entry from Pen-paper.net
The "CM" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Mystara
Kızılot, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 1955–56 Danish Ice Hockey Championship season was the second season of ice hockey in Denmark. KSF Copenhagen won the championship by defeating Rungsted IK in the final.
Jütland Regional Tournament
Teams
Silkeborg SF
Esbjerg SK
Herning IK
Horsens SF
Viborg SF
Silkeborg SF qualified with four wins against the other teams and a goal difference of 28:9.
Final
Due to logistical problems Silkeborg SF did not participate in the final tournament. That left two teams, KSF Copenhagen and Rungsted IK, left to play in the finals. The final was held on a frozen-over tennis court in Hørsholm. Ice conditions were poor due to recent warm temperatures, so KSF Copenhagen initially proposed to play the game as a friendly only. This proposal was rejected by Rungsted IK.
KSF Copenhagen - Rungsted IK 4:1
References
Michael Søvsø: Fra pionerånd til verdensklasse - Danmarks Ishockey Union i 60 år (2009)
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1955 in Danish sport
1956 in Danish sport
Ramite () is a 2021 Nepali novel by Jason Kunwar. It was published on February 13, 2021 by Red Panda Books. It is debut book of the author who is a musician and a part of a band called 'Night'. The book was shortlisted for the Madan Puraskar.
The book is a part a project consisting of four sections. The future installments will be in musical performances, arts and films. The project is a collaboration between various musicians, artists, photographers, illustrators and filmmakers.
Synopsis
The novel is set in a fictional world, and has been told by multiple narrators. It consists of various songs, sketches and fictional scripts. The book depicts the story of human civilization, societies and various human instincts that mirrors our world.
Reception
The book was shortlisted for Madan Puraskar, 2077 BS alongside Eklavya Ko Debre Haat by Giri Shreesh Magar, Kariya by Krishna Abiral, Kalpa Grantha by Kumar Nagarkoti, Nrityakshar Vigyan by Bhairab Bahadur Thapa, Filingo by Prabha Baral, Fulange by Lekhnath Chettri, Mokshabhumi by Keshav Dahal, and Limbuwan Ko Etihasik Dastawej Sangrah by Bhagi Raj Ingnam.
Release
The book was launched on February 13, 2021 in Patan Museum located in Patan Durbar Square. Kunwar's band Night and some other artists performed during the launch event.
See also
Mokshabhumi
Limbuwanko Etihasik Dastavej Sangraha
Pagal Basti
References
External links
Official website of the book
21st-century Nepalese novels
2021 Nepalese novels
Nepalese novels
Nepali-language novels
Nepalese books
21st-century Nepalese books
2021 debut novels
Novels with multiple narrators
The surface of the planet Mercury has been divided into fifteen quadrangles, designated H-1 to H-15 (the 'H' stands for Hermes, the Greek equivalent of Mercury). The quadrangles are named for prominent surface features visible within each area. The quadrangles were initially named for albedo features, as these were the most prominent features visible before mapping was carried out by spacecraft. The mapping carried out with the images obtained by the Mariner 10 flybys in 1974 and 1975 led to nine of the quadrangles being renamed for newly mapped prominent features. The remaining six quadrangles were completely unmapped by Mariner 10 and were still referred to by their albedo feature names. Following the arrival of MESSENGER in orbit in 2011, these six quadrangles were mapped and renamed. The base mosaic used in the new maps was produced with orbital images by the MESSENGER Team and released by NASA's Planetary Data System on March 8, 2013. This global mosaic includes 100% coverage of Mercury's surface.
Schema of the quadrangles
Relationship of the quadrangles to each other on the surface of Mercury (North is at the top):
See also
List of quadrangles on Venus
List of quadrangles on the Moon
List of quadrangles on Mars
References
Mercury (planet)-related lists
An underwater panther, called or in Ojibwe (), is one of the most important of several mythological water beings among many Indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands and Great Lakes region, particularly among the Anishinaabe.
translates into "the Great Lynx". It has the head and paws of a giant cat but is covered in scales and has dagger-like spikes running along its back and tail. Mishipeshu calls Michipicoten Island in Lake Superior his home and is a powerful creature in the mythological traditions of some Indigenous North American tribes, particularly Anishinaabe, the Odawa, Ojibwe, and Potawatomi, of the Great Lakes region of Canada and the United States. In addition to the Anishinaabeg, Innu also have Mishibizhiw stories.
To the Algonquins, the underwater panther was the most powerful underworld being. The Ojibwe traditionally held them to be masters of all water creatures, including snakes. Some versions of the Nanabozho creation legend refers to whole communities of water lynx.
Some archaeologists believe that underwater panthers were major components of the Southeastern Ceremonial Complex of the Mississippian culture in the prehistoric American Southeast.
Name
In the Ojibwe language, this creature is sometimes called , , , , , , or , which translates as "Great Lynx", or ("Gitche-anahmi-bezheu"), which translates as "the fabulous night panther". However, it is also commonly referred to as the "Great underground wildcat" or "Great under-water wildcat." It is the most important of the underwater animals for the Ojibwa.
Description
In mythologies of the indigenous peoples of the Great Lakes, underwater panthers are described as water monsters that live in opposition to the Thunderbirds, masters of the powers of the air. Underwater Panthers are seen as an opposing yet complementary force to the Thunderbirds, and they are engaged in eternal conflict.
The underwater panther was an amalgam of parts from many animals: the body of a wild feline, often a cougar or lynx; the horns of deer or bison; upright scales on its back; occasionally feathers; and parts from other animals as well, depending on the particular myth. Underwater panthers are represented with exceptionally long tails, occasionally with serpentine properties. The creatures are thought to roar or hiss in the sounds of storms or rushing rapids.
were said to live in the deepest parts of lakes and rivers, where they can cause storms. Some traditions believed the underwater panthers to be helpful, protective creatures, but more often they were viewed as malevolent beasts that brought death and misfortune. They often need to be placated for safe passage across a lake. As late as the 1950s, the Prairie Band of Potawatomi Indians performed a traditional ceremony to placate the Underwater Panther and maintain balance with the Thunderbird.
When ethnographer Johann Georg Kohl visited the United States in the 1850s, he spoke with a Fond du Lac chief, who showed Kohl a piece of copper kept in his medicine bag. The chief said it was a strand of hair from the , and thus considered extremely powerful.
Copper
is known for guarding the vast amounts of copper in Lake Superior and the Great Lakes Region. Indigenous people mined copper long before the arrival of Europeans to the area. Later, during the 17th century, missionaries of the Society of Jesus arrived in the Great Lakes Region. By that time, swiping copper from the region was extremely taboo and forbidden by the Ojibwe tribe. It was even worse to take it from the Great Lynx's home, Michipicoten Island; this was considered to be stealing from Mishipeshu himself.
Purported encounters
There are a few stories of encounters with this great beast. A Jesuit missionary named Claude Dablon told a story about four Ojibwe people who embarked on a journey to the home of to take some copper back to their home, and use it to heat water. The very second they pushed off and backed into the water with their canoe, the eerie voice of the water panther surrounded them. The water panther came growling after them, vigorously accusing them of stealing the playthings of his children. All four of the people died on the way back to their village, the last one surviving just long enough to tell the tale of what had happened in his final moments before he died.
Depictions in art
The underwater panther is well represented in pictograms. Historical Anishnaabe twined and quilled men's bags often feature an underwater panther on one panel and the Thunderbird on the other. Norval Morrisseau (Ojibwe) painted underwater panthers in his Woodlands style artworks, contemporary paintings based on Ojibwe oral history and cosmology. The emblem has been embellished, and appears as a decorative motif on muskets.
The Canadian Museum of History includes an underwater panther in its coat of arms.
In 2003, archaeologist Brad Lepper suggested that the Alligator Effigy Mound in Granville, Ohio represents the underwater panther. Lepper posits that early European settlers, when learning from Native Americans that the mound represented a fierce creature that lived in the water and ate people, mistakenly assumed that the Native Americans were referring to an alligator.
In popular culture
The Grimm episode "Mishipeshu" involves the possession of a young Native American by an underwater panther.
See also
Anishinaabe traditional beliefs
Nguruvilu
Piasa
Horned Serpent
Southeastern Ceremonial Complex
Bunyip
References
Further reading
External links
American Museum of Natural History on Mishepishu
Odawa twined bag with images of the Underwater Panther, NMAI
Anishinaabe mythology
Ojibwe legendary creatures
Algonquian legendary creatures
Lake Superior
Legendary creatures of the indigenous peoples of North America
Mythological felines
Mythological hybrids
Great Lakes tribal culture
Native American religion
Supernatural legends
Water deities
Peter Barrett may refer to:
Peter Barrett (illustrator) (born 1935), British painter, illustrator, graphic designer and children's book author
Peter Barrett (bishop) (1956–2015), Church of Ireland bishop
Peter Barrett (sailor) (1935–2000), American sailor
Peter Barrett (cricketer) (1955–1983), English cricketer
Peter Barrett (geologist) (born 1940), New Zealand geologist and professor at Victoria University of Wellington
Peter Barrett (politician), member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly
Peter Barrett (entrepreneur), Australian entrepreneur
Garrett Patrick Stubbs (born May 26, 1993) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played in MLB for the Houston Astros. Stubbs attended the University of Southern California (USC), and played college baseball for the USC Trojans. While there, he won the 2015 Johnny Bench Award as the nation's best collegiate catcher. The Astros selected Stubbs in the eighth round of the 2015 MLB Draft. He made his major league debut in 2019.
Early and personal life
Stubbs was born in San Diego, California, and was raised in neighboring Del Mar by parents T. Pat and Marti Jo Stubbs.
Stubbs is Jewish, and was one of a record-setting four Jewish MLB players to appear in the 2021 World Series. Garrett and his younger brother C. J. were both active children; they began playing baseball at a young age but were also involved in music, art competitions, and theater. When Stubbs was a child, the only opportunity for children his age to play baseball was through a Little League organization, and so his father organized a traveling team for local players to continue their development outside of the Little League season. Additionally, Stubbs's step-grandfather Fred Shuey was a successful college baseball player, and Shuey arranged for a young Stubbs to practice his technique with former Major League Baseball (MLB) catcher Ed Herrmann.
Both Stubbs brothers caught for Torrey Pines High School. His younger brother C. J., who followed Stubbs through Torrey Pines and USC, was taken by the Astros in the 10th round of the 2019 MLB Draft, and has played primarily catcher and first base in the minors. During the baseball offseason, Stubbs lives in California with Matt Chapman, the former third baseman for the Oakland Athletics now Toronto Blue Jays.
High school
Stubbs attended Torrey Pines High School in San Diego, CA. In high school, despite being small for a catcher, standing and weighing only , Stubbs was a two-time All-California Interscholastic Federation Team honoree. During his senior season in 2011, Stubbs batted .391 with 27 runs scored, 13 doubles, and 18 runs batted in (RBIs). He earned both All-North County and All-Avocado League First Team honors as both a junior and senior.
College career
Stubbs attended the University of Southern California (USC), where he earned a degree in policy planning and development with an emphasis on real estate, and played college baseball for the USC Trojans. In the summer of 2012, he played for the Peninsula Oilers in the Alaska Baseball League.
In 2013 as a sophomore, he was an Honorable Mention for the All-Pac-12 Conference team. In the summer of 2013, he played for the Plymouth Pilgrims in the New England Collegiate Baseball League, and was named a New England Collegiate Baseball League Eastern Division All-Star. Later that summer he played for the Cotuit Kettleers of the Cape Cod League. After his junior year, when Stubbs became eligible to be selected in the Major League Baseball (MLB) draft, he made it known that he intended to return to college for his senior year.
In 2015, his senior year at USC, Stubbs batted .346 (6th in the Pac-12 Conference) and tied for the conference lead in sacrifices (17), while coming in 3rd in steals (20), 5th in runs (51) and OBP (.435), and tied for 7th in doubles (15), as on defense he threw out 52.8% of attempted basestealers and made 3 errors in 468 chances. Stubbs won the Johnny Bench Award as the best catcher in college baseball, and was named the Pac-12 Conference's Defensive Player of the Year, Baseball America First-Team All-American, Rawlings First-Team All-American, and Jewish Sports Review College Baseball All American.
Professional career
Draft and minor leagues
The Houston Astros selected Stubbs in the eighth round of the 2015 MLB draft. He signed with the Astros for a signing bonus of $100,000, and made his professional debut with the Tri-City ValleyCats of the Class A-Short Season New York–Penn League. After 11 games with Tri-City, the Astros promoted Stubbs to the Quad Cities River Bandits of the Class A Midwest League. He batted a combined .263 with seven home runs and 21 RBIs in 36 games with both teams.
In 2016, Stubbs began the season with the Lancaster JetHawks of the Class A-Advanced California League, with whom he was a California League Mid-Season All Star, before receiving a promotion to the Corpus Christi Hooks of the Class AA Texas League in July. Stubbs finished 2016 with an aggregate .304 batting average, along with 10 home runs, 54 RBIs, and 15 stolen bases in 18 attempts, while on defense he threw out 51% of attempted base stealers. He was named an milb.com Houston Organization All Star. After the season, the Astros assigned Stubbs to the Glendale Desert Dogs of the Arizona Fall League.
In 2017, MLB Pipeline named him the best catcher in the Astros' minor league system, and the organization's 11th-best prospect overall. Stubbs began the season with Corpus Christi, where he batted .236 with four home runs and 25 RBIs. He was a AA Texas League starting All Star, and in the game he tripled and drove in three runs for the winning South. Baseball America named him the best defensive catcher in the Texas League. Stubbs was promoted to the Fresno Grizzlies of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League in August, where he posted a .221 batting average with four home runs and 37 RBIs; between the two teams he had 11 stolen bases in 11 attempts.
In 2018, MLB Pipeline named Stubbs the 6th-best prospect overall in the Astros' minor league system. He played the 2018 season for Fresno, for whom he was a mid-season Pacific Coast League All Star. He batted .310/.382/.455 with four home runs and 38 RBIs with six stolen bases in six attempts, in 297 at bats, while on defense in threw out 45% of attempted basestealers. The Astros added him to their 40-man roster after the 2018 season.
Stubbs batted .300/.333/.650 in spring training with the Astros in 2019, and was optioned to the team's minor-league camp on March 9. He began the 2019 season with the Astro's AAA Round Rock Express, and was promoted to the major leagues on May 26. With Round Rock he batted .240/.332/.397 with 7 home runs and 23 RBIs in 204 at bats, as he stole 12 bases in 14 attempts. On defense, he caught 37% of attempted basestealers.
In his minor league career through 2021, Stubbs batted .272/.366/.397 with 27 home runs and 174 RBIs, and stole 51 bases while being caught only 5 times. On defense, he threw out 42% of all attempted base-stealers.
Houston Astros
On his 26th birthday, May 26, 2019, Stubbs was called up to the major leagues after Astros catcher Max Stassi was put on the 10-day Injury List. Stubbs made his major league debut two days later, on May 28.
In 2019 he batted .200/.282/.286 with no home runs and 2 RBIs in 35 at bats for the Astros, as he caught 11 games, played left field in seven games, and played right field in one game, was a pinch runner in four games, and was a pinch hitter in three games. Stubbs had the fastest sprint speed of all American League catchers, at 28.0 feet/second.
In the pandemic-shortened 2020 season, Stubbs batted one-for-eight with a run scored and an RBI in 10 games, as he appeared as a catcher in 8 games, a left fielder in 3 games, a pinch runner in 3 games, and a pinch hitter in two games.
In the 2021 regular season for the Astros, Stubbs batted .176/.222/.235 with 2 runs and 3 RBIs in 34 at bats. Playing for the AAA Sugar Land Skeeters, he batted .265/.418/.363 with 25 runs, 2 home runs, and 15 RBIs in 113 at bats, as he had more walks (30) than strikeouts (29), and stole four bases without being caught. On defense with the Astros, he caught all three runners who tried to steal against him.
Prior to Game 4 of the 2021 World Series, Stubbs was added to the Astros' roster, replacing Jason Castro who was removed due to COVID-19 protocols. Stubbs played in Game 6 of the World Series.
Philadelphia Phillies
On November 19, 2021, the Astros traded Stubbs to the Philadelphia Phillies for minor league center fielder Logan Cerny. At the time, Stubbs had developed a strong defensive reputation, including a 41% caught-stealing rate in his pro career, as well as strong framing rates according to Baseball Prospectus in his minor league career.
On May 22, 2022, Stubbs hit his first career Major League home run, versus the Los Angeles Dodgers off pitcher Tony Gonsolin.
On June 15, Stubbs hit his first career walk-off home run against the Miami Marlins, carrying the Phillies to a 3-1 victory.
See also
List of Jewish baseball players
References
External links
Twitter page
Living people
1993 births
Baseball players from California
Corpus Christi Hooks players
Cotuit Kettleers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Glendale Desert Dogs players
Houston Astros players
Jewish American baseball players
Jewish Major League Baseball players
Lancaster JetHawks players
Major League Baseball catchers
People from Del Mar, California
Philadelphia Phillies players
Quad Cities River Bandits players
Round Rock Express players
Sugar Land Skeeters players
Tri-City ValleyCats players
USC Sol Price School of Public Policy alumni
USC Trojans baseball players
21st-century American Jews
Peninsula Oilers players
The Global Challenges Foundation is a Swedish non-profit organization that seeks to raise awareness of global catastrophic risk and the global governance necessary to handle these risks. This includes examining models for UN reform, as well as initiating new ideas for a functioning global governance. It was founded in 2012 with a donation by the Hungarian billionaire László Szombatfalvy who lives in Sweden.
The foundation is part of the Foundations Platform F20, a global network of foundations and other philanthropic organizations.
Foundation
The foundation is based in Stockholm. Its board members include Johan Rockström, the fourth AP Fund's former CEO Mats Andersson, and professor Folke Tersman. The foundation's assets predominantly consist of a donation from László Szombatfalvy, which represented roughly half of his fortune at the time—around 500 million Swedish kronor. The current executive director is Jens Orback.
Risk awareness
Global Challenges Foundation is working to raise awareness of global catastrophic risks, currently primarily climate change, other environmental degradation, and political violence focusing on weapons of mass destruction. In order to do this at both the public and the decision-making levels, the Global Challenges Foundation is closely cooperating with a number of institutions, including the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University.
Another risk-related project driven by the Global Challenges Foundation, along with Earth League, is Earth Statement. The climate call aims at reducing the gap between science and politics, and has formulated eight points on which the world's decision-makers need to agree to achieve a successful climate agreement at COP21. Earth Statement has been signed by Al Gore, Desmond Tutu, Mo Ibrahim, Richard Branson, Arianna Huffington, Gro Harlem Brundtland, Yuan T. Lee and Mary Robinson.
Global Challenges Foundation gave support to the Stockholm School of Economics for a new track – Global Challenges. The course is included in the Bachelor program in Business and Economics.
The Global Challenges Foundation conducts international risk surveys and publishes annual reports on global risks, interspersed with quarterly reports that look at various aspects of global catastrophic risk and global governance. For example, the 2016 annual report estimates that an average American is more than five times likely to die during a human-extinction event than in a car crash. The 2017 report highlighted a broad range of security related topics, among them climate change, and concluded that global warming has a high likelihood to end civilization.
The New Shape Prize
In November 2016, the Global Challenges Foundation launched the Global Challenges Prize – A New Shape, an international competition that calls on people of academia, politics, business and civil society worldwide for proposals that outline new models of global governance. It offered $5 Million in prizes with the best entry receiving at least $1 million. The foundation would then back efforts to bring the winning ideas towards implementation. The award ceremony took place at the end of May 2018 in Stockholm.
References
External links
Foundations based in Sweden
Existential risk organizations
Organizations established in 2012
2012 establishments in Sweden
Oleh Lysheha (; 30 October 1949 – 17 December 2014) was a Ukrainian poet, playwright, translator and intellectual. Lysheha entered Lviv University in 1968, where during his last year, he was expelled for his participation in an "unofficial" literary circle, Lviv Bohema. As punishment, Lysheha was drafted into the Soviet army and internally exiled. During the period 1972-1988, he was banned from official publication, but in 1989 his first book Great Bridge (Velykyi Mist) was published. For "The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha," Lysheha and his co-translator James Brasfield from Penn State University, received the 2000 PEN Award for Poetry in Translation published by the Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute. Lysheha is the first Ukrainian poet to receive the PEN award.
Life
Oleh Lysheha was born in 1949 to a family of teachers in Tysmenytsia, a Carpathian village in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine. Twenty years later, Lysheha became a student studying foreign languages at the University of Lviv named after the renowned Ukrainian poet Ivan Franko. In 1972, Lysheha was expelled and drafted to the Soviet army for membership in Lviv Bohema, a dissident group of artists at Lviv University. After serving in the military, the poet returned to his birthplace, working at a local factory.
In due time, Lysheha returned to Lviv, and soon thereafter moved to Kyiv where he married. In his position as a technical employee at the Kyiv Theatrical Institute of Karpenko Karyi, Lysheha continued to write poems and translate. From 1997–98, Oleh Lysheha was a Visiting Fulbright Scholar to Penn State in Pennsylvania, United States. After his return to Ukraine, the poet dove into a prolific artistic labor of poetry, painting and sculpture, as well as resumed his seasonal alteration between the capital and his birth home in the Carpathian mountains.
Andriy Bondar describes Lysheha as the Ukrainian Henry Thoreau of the beginning of the 21st century:
Poems and translations
At the age of forty, Lysheha published his first collection of poems - "Great Bridge" (1989), a book which placed him at the forefront of the Ukrainian poetic community. Years later, after meeting his future co-translator James Brasfield, Lysheha published "The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha" (1999) making his work available for the first time to the English reader. A masterpiece of Ukrainian drama is Oleh Lysheha's miracle play "Friend Li Po, Brother Tu Fu" included in the second section of the 1999 English publication. Thirteen years after his first work, Lysheha published "To Snow and Fire" (2002).
Another artistic corner of Lysheha's contributions lies in the translation field. He has translated into the Ukrainian language works by T. S. Eliot and Ezra Pound. Lysheha is also the co-author of a book of translations from Chinese, "The Stories of Ancient China."
The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha (1999)
Literary reviewers have written that "The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha" – the English translations of Lysheha – have nothing in common with the Ukrainian poetic tradition. As Bondar, for example, notes the poetry is "influenced by natural philosophy, shamanistic meditation, total denial of a technocratic world, and escapism." Lyshaha's publisher Harvard University Press describes the poet's work as "informed by transcendentalism and Zen-like introspection, with meditations on the essence of the human experience and man's place in nature."
Whatever the style, Lysheha and Brasfield received the 2000 PEN Award for Poetry in Translation. A presentation of the award was held May 15 at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City. The poems were selected by Lysheha himself and follow the trajectory of his career. The book is divided into three parts. Section one holds shorter poems. Section two "is a witty, brief, three-act play mostly in prose, Friend Li Po, Brother Tu Fu." The third section consists of longer and more discursive narrative poems.
Example of poetry
"Bear" (Vedmid)
After dining in the moonlight,
He sorted the bones —
The small and the larger separated accurately
On ground that was still warm —
What if someone should come along and decide
To carve a hole in one
And make a flute..
To greet the dawn..
Otherwise things were the same —
The wild garlic was growing darker, the blackberries were filling out..
And his paw was still strong enough,
To protect the night..
— Oleh Lysheha, 1997
Translated by Virlana Tkacz and Wanda Phipps
Yara Arts Group
Virlana Tkacz and Wanda Phipps started translating Oleh Lysheha's work in 1991 when Yara Arts Group performed bilingual versions of his poems “Song 212” and “Song 2” at the Ukrainian Institute of America in New York. That summer Virlana staged Lysheha's prose poem “Mountain” at Yara's Theatre Workshop at Harvard . For several years in Harvard's summer workshops she staged fragments from Lysheha's play “Friend Li Po, Brother Tu Fu,” his poems ”Swan,” “Bear” and “De Luminis” from “Adamo et Diana.” In 1998 Yara presented “A Celebration of the Poetry of Oleh Lysheha.”
In 2003 Virlana Tkacz staged “Swan” as a full production at La MaMa Experimental Theatre in New York with Yara artists Andrew Colteaux and Soomi Kim. Music was by Paul Brantley, design by Watoku Ueno and video by Andrea Odezynska. The critic for the Village Voice wrote: “Andrew Colteaux's vibrant performance as the poem's voice integrated speaking and movement, charting a landscape of loneliness, yearning, and ultimate surrender.”
Yara's production of “Swan,” performed at Harvard afterwards. Critic Dzvinka Matiash, who wrote in Kyiv's Komentar: “The production of Swan is a virtuoso translation of Lysheha's text – it is not simply a literary translation into English, but rather a translation of poetry into the languages of music, light, image, movement of the human body, human voice…. This is what art should be like – in the glare of the stage lights you suddenly see the essence. But you can only catch a glimpse of it, just as you can only glimpse the swan in this show.”
In 2011 Yara staged Lysheha's poem "Raven," which was nominated for a New York Innovative Theatre award for design. “Raven incites this ensemble to glorious flight….The path flown by Raven is, by turns, intoxicating in both its simplicity and complexity. I encourage you to follow where it leads wrote Amy Lee Pearsall in nytheatre.com “Perhaps the most amazing thing about bis the magical and masterful way the poetry has been transformed into stage reality. If I had to provide examples of the most organic translations from one form of art into another, Virlana Tkacz's theatrical “re-readings” of modern poetry would certainly be on that list” wrote Kinoteatr's. Roksoliana Sviato, In 2013 Yara created "Dream Bridge," which incorporated Lysheha's earliest poems and performed it in Kyrgyzstan, Kyiv and in New York at La MaMa Experimental Theatre.
Tkacz and Phipps translations of Lysheha work have been published in the journals Index on Censorship, Visions International, in the anthologies One Hundred Years of Youth and In a Different Light and on the Poetry International and Yara Arts Group websites.
References
1949 births
People from Tysmenytsia
Ukrainian poets
Ukrainian translators
Ukrainian dramatists and playwrights
2014 deaths
20th-century poets
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century translators
Meijer Marcusz Roest (19 December 1821, in Amsterdam – 20 November 1889, in Amsterdam) was a Dutch bibliographer.
Life
When Roest became connected with a firm of booksellers in Amsterdam, he acquired a taste for bibliographical studies, and as a result published in 1857 Catalogue de livres orientaux. Roest's best-known work is the Catalog der Hebraica und Judaica aus der L. Rosenthal'schen Bibliothek (2 vols., Amsterdam, 1875). After Baron George Rosenthal presented his collection to the Amsterdam Library, Roest was appointed custodian of it. He contributed to various Jewish periodicals, such as the Dutch Spectator and the Taalkundig Magazin, and edited the (non-Jewish) Navorscher and Israelietische Nieuwsbode for several years.
Bibliography
Jew. Chron. Jan. 3, 1891, p. 14.S.
External links
Biography at the Jewish Historical Museum website (in Dutch)
That entry was by Isidore Singer.
Dutch bibliographers
Bibliographers of Hebrew literature
Writers from Amsterdam
1821 births
1889 deaths
Sarola is a village located in Salhawas Block of Jhajjar district in Haryana. Sarpanch of Sarola is Bhupendra.
Chandigarh is the state capital for Sarola village. It is located around 255.0 kilometers away from Sarola.
The surrounding nearby villages and its distance from Sarola are Khudan 1.8 km, Chhapar 2.1 km, Subana 2.8 km, Ahari 3.7 km, Babepur 4.2 km, Dhakla 4.2 km, Kasni 4.7 km.
Demographics
In 2011, the population was 1407. The native language of Sarola is Hindi. Sarola people use Hindi, Haryanvi language for communication.
Caste wise male female population 2011
Religion
Majority of the residents are Hindu, with Ahir being the dominant social group. A famous Mata Mandir is situated in this village.
Gram Panchayat of Sarola Village
See also
Khudan
Chhapar, Jhajjar
Dhakla, Jhajjar
References
Villages in Jhajjar district
Odd Harsheim (20 July 1924 – 21 June 1994) was a Norwegian goldsmith, military officer, multi-sportsperson and sports official.
As a sportsman he was best known for his profess in sailing. In the 5.5 Metre event at the 1956 Summer Olympics he was a crew for Peder Lunde in the boat Viking. They finished fifth. In the 5.5 Metre event at the 1960 Summer Olympics he was a crew for Finn Ferner in the boat Struten. They finished seventh. Harsheim represented the Royal Norwegian Yacht Club.
He also competed on a national level in orienteering, biathlon, Nordic combined and ski jumping. He won the Ladies' Cup at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival in 1946. For many years past his active age he was active in the Association for the Promotion of Skiing. He chaired the organizational committee for the Holmenkollen Ski Festival from 1959 to 1961, having previously led the ski jumping contest since 1956. He was a council member of the Association for the Promotion of Skiing until 1986. He was admitted to the exclusive social club for skiers, SK Ull, in 1983. He served as the club's chairman from 1992 until his death in 1994.
He studied in the United States, and worked as a goldsmith in the family company Lars Harsheim. He also became involved in the military, starting during the Second World War. He joined Milorg in the Norwegian resistance to the German occupation, and was imprisoned in Grini concentration camp from 15 May to 1 July 1942. He was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940–1945. After the war he became a conscript officer in the Norwegian Home Guard, and in 1963 he became the first leader of the Skier Company () in the home guard district HV-02, and remained so until 1978. He was also a board member of the Norwegian Conscript Officers' Federation.
References
1924 births
1994 deaths
Grini concentration camp survivors
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Norwegian goldsmiths
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian orienteers
Male orienteers
Norwegian resistance members
Norwegian male ski jumpers
Norwegian male Nordic combined skiers
Norwegian male biathletes
Norwegian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Norway
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – 5.5 Metre
Sailors at the 1960 Summer Olympics – 5.5 Metre
Norwegian sports executives and administrators
SK Ull members
20th-century Norwegian people
Domoprednate (brand name Stermonid; developmental code name Ro 12-7024) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was developed in the late 1970s and 1980s.
References
Cyclohexanols
Butyrate esters
Diketones
Esters
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Enones
People Like Us: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Alex Kurtzman's 2012 film of the same name. It is composed by Academy Award-winning composer A.R. Rahman whose last successful international release was 127 Hours. Rahman began recording the patch work of score in 2011 and the score was completed by late September 2011. The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released on June 19, 2012, under the label Lakeshore Records.
Background
In an interview, Rahman stated his desire to score for an intense emotional American film which got completed through this film. He added that the score was challenging for him as the script emphasized affectionate feels between a family specifically on sibling relations. It was necessary that the score must neither sound romantic nor put people into too many negative emotions since mild and minimal sound arrangements were present. Rahman introduced deliberate nuanced imperfections in the score, like all the imperfections that the characters have in the film and yet having a lot of beauty and hope in it. The soundtrack includes an end credits theme song named "Dotted Line" sung by Liz Phair who had co-written the song with the composer. The song highlights the music composer's rich orchestral score with the singer's acoustic guitar strums, mostly. Phair, keeping the script and three main characters in mind, penned the lyrics partially in just one night after listening to the base score "Dotted Line". She stated the song as lullabying with repetitive word 'Na Na' since the song brings out missing sort of feelings in lives of characters which was to be recreated in the movie.
Track list
Personnel
Credits adapted from A. R. Rahman's official website.
Personnel
Violins : Bruce Dukov, Charlie Bisharat, Belinda Broughton, Darius Campo, Julie Ann Gigante, Tamara Hatwan, Ana Landauer, Natalie Leggett, Dimitrie Leivici, Phillip Levy, Maya Magub, Helen Nightengale, Alyssa Park, Katia Popov, Neil Samples, Jeanne Skrocki, Lisa M. Sutton, Josefina Vergara, Shalini Vijayan, Miwako Watanabe
Violas: Brian Dembow, Robert Brophy, Andrew Duckles, Alma Fernandez, Keith Greene, Shawn Mann, Darrin McCann, David Walther
Bass: Michael Valerio, Nico Abondolo, Carmine, Timothy Lefebvre, Edward Meares
Flute: David Shostac, Heather Clark
Cello: Steve Erdody, Erika Duke-Kirpatrick, Dennis Karmazyn, Armen Ksajikian, Timothy Landauer, Dana Little, Andrew Shulman
Clarinets: Stuart Clark, Donald Foster
Horns: James Thatcher, Daniel Kelly, Jenny Kim
Percussions: Alan Estes, Michael Shapiro, Donald Williams
Keyboard: Randy Kerber
Guitars: George Doering, Michael Ripoll, Thom Rotella, Joel Shearer
Harp: Jo Ann Turovsky
Accordion: Guy Allen Klucevsek, Michael Watta
Harmonica: Jimmie Wood
Glass armonica: William Zeitler
Production
Producer: A. R. Rahman
Mastering:
Additional arrangement: Kazimir Boyle
Sound engineers:
Music editor: Erich Stratmann
Orchestrator: Matt Dunkley
Music Contractor: Peter Rotter
Mixing: Alan Meyerson ()
DreamWorks Music Executive: Jennifer Hawks
DreamWorks Music Co-ordinators: Tori Fillat, Christopher Hogenson
Music Supervisor: Liza Richardson
Music Clearance: Julie Sessing
Soundtrack album executive producers: Skip Williamson, Brian McNelis
Director of A&R: Eric Craig
References
2012 soundtrack albums
Experimental music soundtracks
Ambient soundtracks
A. R. Rahman soundtracks
Lakeshore Records soundtracks
Yaramış is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the southeast of Tarsus and to the west of Berdan River. Its distance to Tarsus is about and to Mersin is . The population of Yaramış was 192 as of 2012.
References
Villages in Tarsus District
Goldenrod, also retitled Glory Days in some releases, is a Canadian drama film directed by Harvey Hart and released in 1976. Based on the novel by Herbert Harker, the film stars Tony Lo Bianco as Jesse Gifford, a former rodeo champion who must take responsibility for raising his two sons as a single parent after his wife Shirley (Gloria Carlin) leaves him.
The film's cast also includes Patricia Hamilton, Ed McNamara, Donald Pleasence and Donnelly Rhodes.
The film had a brief theatrical run in Toronto in 1976, but was withdrawn from theatres after the filmmakers secured a deal with CBS, which aired it as a television film in 1977. Hart won the Canadian Film Award for Best Director in 1976.
References
External links
1976 films
Canadian drama television films
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in Alberta
Films set in Alberta
Films directed by Harvey Hart
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
Komorniki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately north-west of Ruja, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Komorniki
Delissa Maree Kimmince (born 14 May 1989) is an Australian former cricketer and Australian rules footballer who played for the national cricket team as an all-rounder. She is a right-handed batter and right-arm fast-medium bowler who played for Queensland Fire in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL) and the Brisbane Heat in the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL). In April 2021, Kimmince announced her retirement from top-level cricket.
Cricket
Kimmince made her debut for Queensland aged 17 and her debut for Australia aged 18 against New Zealand in March 2008. The following year, she played in the Women's Cricket World Cup, but she then took a long break from cricket, during which time Kimmince moved to London and worked in the Princess Louise pub in Holborn. During this time, Kimmince was talked into playing for Warwickshire and took a three-hour train journey each way to matches each week without attending training.
Kimmince returned to state cricket for the 2012–3 season, and in 2014 returned to playing for Australia, playing in the ICC World T20 tournament in Bangladesh, and in a series against Pakistan at home.
In June 2015, Kimmince was named as one of Australia's touring party for the 2015 Women's Ashes in England, as a Twenty20 specialist. However, she was later ruled out due to a lower back issue.
In October 2015, Kimmince assumed the captaincy of Queensland Fire, replacing Jodie Fields, who was recovering from shoulder surgery. Soon afterwards, Kimmince became the inaugural captain of Brisbane Heat, but in January 2017, she stepped down from that role and was replaced by Kirby Short.
In April 2018, she was one of the fourteen players to be awarded a national contract for the 2018–19 season by Cricket Australia. In October 2018, she was named in Australia's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies.
In November 2018, she was named in Brisbane Heat's squad for the 2018–19 Women's Big Bash League season. In April 2019, Cricket Australia awarded her with a contract ahead of the 2019–20 season.
In June 2019, Cricket Australia named her in Australia's team for their tour to England to contest the Women's Ashes. On 4 July 2019, in the second Women's One Day International (WODI) match of the Women's Ashes, Kimmince took her first five-wicket haul in WODIs. In January 2020, she was named in Australia's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia.
Australian rules football
On 26 September 2016, Kimmince was announced as the Brisbane Lions' second rookie signing for the inaugural AFL Women's (AFLW) season in 2017. She made her AFLW debut for Brisbane in their Round 6, 2017 clash with the Western Bulldogs. At the end of the 2017 season, she was delisted by the Lions.
Personal life
Kimmince became engaged to her Brisbane Heat teammate Laura Harris in November 2019, after dating Harris for four years. They married in Marburg, Queensland in August 2020.
References
External links
Delissa Kimmince at Cricket Australia
1989 births
Living people
People from Warwick, Queensland
Cricketers from Queensland
Australia women One Day International cricketers
Australia women Twenty20 International cricketers
Lesbian sportswomen
LGBT cricketers
LGBT sportspeople from Australia
Brisbane Heat (WBBL) cricketers
Queensland Fire cricketers
Warwickshire women cricketers
Yorkshire Diamonds cricketers
Brisbane Lions (AFLW) players
Australian rules footballers from Queensland
21st-century LGBT people
Will Packer (born April 11, 1974) is an American film producer who founded Will Packer Productions, and Will Packer Media. Packer has produced 28 features often known for hit big-screen comedies including Think Like a Man (2012), Ride Along (2014), Think Like a Man Too (2014), The Wedding Ringer (2015), Girls Trip (2017), Night School (2018), and What Men Want (2019). He also produced the 2021 Oscars ceremony.
Early life and education
Packer was born and raised in St. Petersburg, Florida. He graduated from St. Petersburg High School in 1991 and began attending Florida A&M University that fall. In 1996, Packer graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering. On October 29, 2021, FAMU personally honored Packer by renaming its amphitheater the Will Packer Amphitheater.
Career
Rainforest Films
It was at FAMU that he started filmmaking with colleague and future business partner Rob Hardy while participating in an internship with veteran producer Warrington Hudlin. In 1994, Packer and Hardy produced their first film, Chocolate City, for $20,000 and Packer helped broker a small distribution deal with Blockbuster video. After graduating, Packer and Hardy moved to Atlanta, Georgia and co-founded Rainforest Films. Packer produced and oversaw the company's studio-financed and self-financed films and distribution projects. Packer and Hardy's vision was to make films that would appeal to black audiences who hadn't seen genre films starring people like themselves.
In 2000, Trois, Rainforest Film's first movie to be released theatrically, grossed over $1.2 million and became the fastest million-dollar grossing film independently distributed by African Americans. Trois was in the Top 50 Highest Grossing Independent Films of the year, according to Daily Variety, and Rainforest Films was at #34 on the list of Top 100 Film Distributors of 2000 listed by The Hollywood Reporter in August 2001. Due to the success of their first film, Packer and Hardy were listed among the "New Establishment" of Black power brokers in Hollywood.
In 2001, Packer helped broker a deal with Sony to produce and distribute urban films including Troiss sequel, Trois: The Escort, and Motives. The film Lockdown, released on home video under this Rainforest-Sony collaboration. In 2005, Rainforest Films released The Gospel. At this time, Packer started using the shortened moniker "Will Packer".
Packer and Hardy wanted Rainforest's films to include established actors and actresses as well as those who are up and coming. 2007's This Christmas, a film about a middle-class family that reunites at Christmas time for the first time in many years, stars veteran actresses Loretta Devine and Regina King as well as R&B superstar Chris Brown in his feature film debut. Packer produced five #1 films with Rainforest, Stomp the Yard, Obsessed, Takers, Think like a Man and Ride Along. His biggest hits with Rainforest have been Think like a Man, which grossed over $96 million worldwide after being released in April 2012, and Ride Along, which brought in box office receipts totaling nearly $150 million as of April 2014.
In television, Packer, along with Andrew Young, Martin Luther King III, and Rainforest Films partner Rob Hardy, are co-founders of Bounce TV, a United States television network airing on digital terrestrial television stations. Promoted as "the first 24/7 digital multicast broadcast network created exclusively for African Americans," Bounce TV launched on September 26, 2011 and features programming geared toward blacks and African Americans in the 25–54 age range.
In June 2014, Packer and Hardy dissolved Rainforest Films. The pair were included in a lawsuit brought by former business partner Bernard Bronner in late June 2014.
Will Packer Productions
In 2013, Packer launched Will Packer Productions. In July 2013, he signed a two-year deal with Universal Television to develop new projects for the studio. Later that year, he signed a three-year deal with Universal Pictures. Packer-produced films under the Will Packer Productions banner include #1 box office openers Ride Along 2, No Good Deed and Think Like a Man Too along with The Wedding Ringer and Girls Trip. Girls Trip was the highest grossing live action comedy of 2017 and the first film written, directed, produced, and starring African-Americans to gross over $100 million. The film went on to gross $140 million on a $19 million budget. Packer also served as executive producer on NWA biopic Straight Outta Compton and on 2016 television mini-series Roots.
He has produced the comedies Night School (2018), starring Kevin Hart and Tiffany Haddish, What Men Want (2019), starring Taraji P. Henson, and Little (2019), starring Marsai Martin and Issa Rae. Packer has been included in several high-profile lists, including The Hollywood Reporter's "40(ish) Most Powerful People in Comedy, GIANT magazine's "The GIANT 100", Jet magazine's "Who's Hot To Watch in 2008" and Black Enterprises "Most Powerful Players Under 40."
Will Packer Media
In 2017, Packer launched Will Packer Media, a branded content and digital production company, in partnership with Discovery Communications and Universal Pictures. As part of the launch, the company acquired digital ad firm Narrative_ to serve as the new venture's branded content arm, WP Narrative. In 2018, Will Packer Media acquired women's lifestyle site xoNecole.
Will Packer Media projects include television series Ambitions and Ready to Love for OWN; Power Star Live, a 30-minute live series for Twitter; and digital series The Baxters, produced for Roma Downey's LightWorkers platform. The company's WP Narrative_ division was a 2018 Webby Award Winner and 10th Annual Shorty Award winner for its work producing video short #TakeAKnee. WP Narrative was also honored for its #BackedByAxe campaign created for Showtime's Billions, winning at the Clio Entertainment awards, 10th Annual Shorty Awards and 2018 D&AD Awards.
Central Ave, an entertainment magazine series, debuted November 4, 2019 on Fox television stations.
2021 Oscar ceremony
Controversy
Packer was named the Producer of the 94th Annual Academy Awards which aired on March 27, 2022. This marked his first "live" television production credit for a major show on a major television network (ABC) and was televised in more than 200 territories worldwide. The show was overshadowed by Will Smith walking on stage and slapping host Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's, hair. Packer immediately tweeted, "Welp… I said it wouldn't be boring", before deleting the tweet after criticism that he was being smug. He later tweeted that it was "a very painful moment for me". Variety reported that Packer "was the key to Smith remaining in his seat". Academy Board of Govenors member Whoopi Goldberg defended Packer's decision to carry on with the show saying, "And the reason they didn't go and take him out is because that would have been another 15-, 20-minute explanation of why we're taking the Black man out five seconds before they're about to decide whether he's won an Oscar or not".
Criticism
Both Packer's producing of the ceremony and his handling of Smith's assault against Rock received widespread negative attention among critics, members of the industry and audiences of the ceremony. Deadline Hollywood compared Packer's producing to that of Allan Carr who produced the infamous 1989 Oscar ceremony. Packer went on Good Morning America without the approval of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences to defend his actions and to declare that Rock told him that he didn't want Smith removed from the ceremony. However this was contradicted by the reporting from The Hollywood Reporter journalist Matthew Belloni who wrote, "Packer's assertion about Rock's apparent wishes was not necessarily accurate. I've got it on good authority that Rock never said that, and he only told the LAPD backstage that he didn't want this to become a criminal matter".
Personal life
Packer is a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity (inducted into the Beta Nu Chapter at FAMU). Packer married his first wife Nina Packer (general manager of Bryant Management and Dir. Of Operations for Blueprint Group, the artist management firm for Lil' Wayne and his YMCMB label from 2007-2014) in July 2001 and they have two daughters together, Nija Packer and Maya Packer. They were divorced in February 2009. Packer proposed to his fiancé Heather Hayslett live on stage at the 2013 Essence Music Festival. They were married in August 2015 in Georgia.
Filmography
Feature films
Chocolate City (1994) (producer)
Trois (2000) (writer, producer)
Trois 2: Pandora's Box (2002) (story writer, producer)
Motives (2004) (producer)
Trois: The Escort (2004) (executive producer)
The Gospel (2005) (producer)
The Gospel Live (2005) (executive producer)
Puff, Puff, Pass (2006) (producer)
Stomp the Yard (2007) (producer)
Motives 2 (2007) (producer)
This Christmas (2007) (producer)
Three Can Play That Game (2008) (producer)
Obsessed (2009) (producer)
Takers (2010) (producer)
Stomp the Yard: Homecoming (2010) (producer)
Alpha Man: The Brotherhood Of MLK (2011) (executive producer)
Think Like a Man (2012) (producer, cameo appearance)
Battle of the Year (2013) (executive producer)
Ride Along (2014) (producer)
About Last Night (2014) (producer)
Think Like a Man Too (2014) (producer, cameo appearance)
No Good Deed (2014) (producer)
The Wedding Ringer (2015) (producer)
Straight Outta Compton (2015) (executive producer)
Ride Along 2 (2016) (producer)
Almost Christmas (2016) (producer)
Girls Trip (2017) (producer)
Breaking In (2018) (producer)
Night School (2018) (producer)
What Men Want (2019) (producer)
Little (2019) (producer)
Jacob's Ladder (2019) (producer)
The Photograph (2020) (producer)
Beast (2022) (producer)
Oracle (TBA) (producer)
Television
Truth Be Told (2015)
Roots (2016) (executive producer)
Uncle Buck (2016)
Being Mary Jane (2017-2019) (executive producer)
The Quad (2017-2018) (executive producer)
Ready to Love (2018) (executive producer)
The Atlanta Child Murders (2019) (executive producer)
Ambitions (2019) (executive producer)
Bigger (2019-2021)
94th Academy Awards (2022)
Blackballed (TBA)
References
External links
Official website
1974 births
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century African-American people
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century African-American people
African-American businesspeople
African-American film producers
Film producers from Florida
Film producers from Georgia
Florida A&M University alumni
Living people
People from St. Petersburg, Florida
St. Petersburg High School alumni
Inner Life was an American club-oriented soul studio project formed in 1979 that enjoyed success with "I'm Caught Up (In a One Night Love Affair)" (1979), "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" (1981), and "Moment of My Life" (1982). Tracks featured the vocals of Jocelyn Brown and Leroy Burgess (formerly of Black Ivory). They were produced and arranged by Patrick Adams and engineered by Bob Blank and Joe Arlotta, the album was originally produced for executive producer Greg Carmichael, whose Red Greg Records was an early and prolific disco label based in New York. "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" is probably most well known in its classic remix by DJ Larry Levan.
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
The Anthology (Salsoul, 2005)
Singles
References
External links
American post-disco music groups
Musical groups established in 1979
American boogie musicians
Prelude Records artists
Salsoul Records artists
The year 2008 was declared the International Year of Sanitation by the United Nations in conjunction with the Water for Life Decade.
The United Nations General Assembly has declared 2008 the International Year of Sanitation. Worldwide there are roughly 2.6 billion people who do not have access to basic sanitation today. The goal of 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation was to help raise awareness of this crisis and to accelerate progress towards reaching the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG's) and cutting the number of people without access to basic sanitation in half by the year 2015.
Objectives
The progress towards achieving the sanitation MDG has been slow and varied in different parts of the world. The main objective in declaring 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation is to help get the sanitation MDG back on track for achieving the goal of halving the proportion of people without access to basic sanitation by 2015. Accomplishing this goal will require cooperation between different UN agencies, especially UNDESA and UNICEF, as well as government agencies, NGO's, private companies, and academic circles.
The year aimed to develop awareness and action to meet the Millennium Development Goals sanitation target. Particular concerns are:
Removing the stigma around sanitation, so that the importance of sanitation can be more easily and publicly discussed.
Highlighting the poverty reduction, health and other benefits that flow from better hygiene, household sanitation arrangements and wastewater treatment.
Outcomes
The network Sustainable Sanitation Alliance was formed in 2007 in order to have a joint label for the planned activities for the International Year of Sanitation in 2008 and to be able to align the organisations with each other for further potential initiatives.
History
The spotlight on sanitation as a major issue worldwide began in 2000 with the United Nations adoption of the Millennium Development Goals, which aim at diminishing poverty and increasing health and the general well-being of all people. Further development of these goals was discussed in 2002 at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, with the inclusion of access to sanitation as fundamental to achieving all goals surrounding bringing an end to poverty. The Johannesburg Plan of Action established the objective of halving the number of people without access to basic sanitation by the year 2015.
See also
International observance
References
External links
Lifewater Website: https://web.archive.org/web/20080228232149/http://www.lifewater.org/the_global_need/water_and_hygiene.html
UN-International Day of Sanitation Website: https://web.archive.org/web/20071019013414/http://esa.un.org/iys/
UNICEF – IYS
UN Water
United Nations General Assembly resolutions
Sanitation, International Year of
2008 in international relations
Sanitation
The Bisnumati River (Nepal Bhasa:, ), flowing in the Kathmandu Valley, originates at Tokha on Shivapuri Mountain, north of Kathmandu. It flows through the western part of old Kathmandu city. It is a holy river for both Hindu and Buddhist people. Literally, Bishnumati means the beloved river of Lord Vishnu. Sobha Baghwati and Indrayani along with Kankeshowri temple - a few of the holiest places of the Kathmandu Valley are on the opposite banks of this river. Karbir Masan, a revered cemetery is also on the bank of this river. the tributaries of this river are Sapanatirtha Khola, Sangle Khola, Lhora Khola and Binap fall. Bisnap fall locates at the Shivapuri National Park just above the Muhan Pokhari.
Bishnumati is one of the very important rivers of the valley. It provides water for drinking, cultivating agriculture and ritual purposes of the local citizens. It has rich ritual cultural values. But from last 35 years it has been used as a dumping site. Encroachment on the river with diversion of its water has occurred. For that surrounding environment should be improved. That is the riverside improvement and demand of greenery development by bioengineering system to be needed today
The 1500-year history of funerary architecture in the Kathmandu valley is some of the finest examples of stone architecture found on the subcontinent. A caitya is placed in almost all courtyards in cities like Patan.
References
External links
Planned and sustainable Development of Bisnumati River Corrider
Bishnumati River Improvement Programme
Rivers of Bagmati Province
Jacob Kuhangua was a Namibian politician, founding member of SWAPO. Kuhangua was Secretary-General of South West Africa People Organization (SWAPO),and petitioner to the United Nations on the issue of Namibian independence, and was a high-ranking administrator in South-West Africa prior to Namibian independence.
References
SWAPO politicians
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M16".
Lines
Aratano Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 32.6 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line, some trains of the Muroto limited express service between and also stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. Access to the platform is by means of a ramp from the station building.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened Aratano Station on 27 June 1937 as an intermediate station when the Mugi Line was extended southwards from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the Station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 108 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Shinnohigashi Elementary School
Tokushima Prefectural Anan Hikari High School Shinno Campus
Byōdō-ji
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1937
Anan, Tokushima
A hierarchical control system (HCS) is a form of control system in which a set of devices and governing software is arranged in a hierarchical tree. When the links in the tree are implemented by a computer network, then that hierarchical control system is also a form of networked control system.
Overview
A human-built system with complex behavior is often organized as a hierarchy. For example, a command hierarchy has among its notable features the organizational chart of superiors, subordinates, and lines of organizational communication. Hierarchical control systems are organized similarly to divide the decision making responsibility.
Each element of the hierarchy is a linked node in the tree. Commands, tasks and goals to be achieved flow down the tree from superior nodes to subordinate nodes, whereas sensations and command results flow up the tree from subordinate to superior nodes. Nodes may also exchange messages with their siblings. The two distinguishing features of a hierarchical control system are related to its layers.
Each higher layer of the tree operates with a longer interval of planning and execution time than its immediately lower layer.
The lower layers have local tasks, goals, and sensations, and their activities are planned and coordinated by higher layers which do not generally override their decisions. The layers form a hybrid intelligent system in which the lowest, reactive layers are sub-symbolic. The higher layers, having relaxed time constraints, are capable of reasoning from an abstract world model and performing planning. A hierarchical task network is a good fit for planning in a hierarchical control system.
Besides artificial systems, an animal's control systems are proposed to be organized as a hierarchy. In perceptual control theory, which postulates that an organism's behavior is a means of controlling its perceptions, the organism's control systems are suggested to be organized in a hierarchical pattern as their perceptions are constructed so.
Control system structure
The accompanying diagram is a general hierarchical model which shows functional manufacturing levels using computerised control of an industrial control system.
Referring to the diagram;
Level 0 contains the field devices such as flow and temperature sensors, and final control elements, such as control valves
Level 1 contains the industrialised Input/Output (I/O) modules, and their associated distributed electronic processors.
Level 2 contains the supervisory computers, which collate information from processor nodes on the system, and provide the operator control screens.
Level 3 is the production control level, which does not directly control the process, but is concerned with monitoring production and monitoring targets
Level 4 is the production scheduling level.
Applications
Manufacturing, robotics and vehicles
Among the robotic paradigms is the hierarchical paradigm in which a robot operates in a top-down fashion, heavy on planning, especially motion planning. Computer-aided production engineering has been a research focus at NIST since the 1980s. Its Automated Manufacturing Research Facility was used to develop a five layer production control model. In the early 1990s DARPA sponsored research to develop distributed (i.e. networked) intelligent control systems for applications such as military command and control systems. NIST built on earlier research to develop its Real-Time Control System (RCS) and Real-time Control System Software which is a generic hierarchical control system that has been used to operate a manufacturing cell, a robot crane, and an automated vehicle.
In November 2007, DARPA held the Urban Challenge. The winning entry, Tartan Racing employed a hierarchical control system, with layered mission planning, motion planning, behavior generation, perception, world modelling, and mechatronics.
Artificial intelligence
Subsumption architecture is a methodology for developing artificial intelligence that is heavily associated with behavior based robotics. This architecture is a way of decomposing complicated intelligent behavior into many "simple" behavior modules, which are in turn organized into layers. Each layer implements a particular goal of the software agent (i.e. system as a whole), and higher layers are increasingly more abstract. Each layer's goal subsumes that of the underlying layers, e.g. the decision to move forward by the eat-food layer takes into account the decision of the lowest obstacle-avoidance layer. Behavior need not be planned by a superior layer, rather behaviors may be triggered by sensory inputs and so are only active under circumstances where they might be appropriate.
Reinforcement learning has been used to acquire behavior in a hierarchical control system in which each node can learn to improve its behavior with experience.
James Albus, while at NIST, developed a theory for intelligent system design named the Reference Model Architecture (RMA), which is a hierarchical control system inspired by RCS. Albus defines each node to contain these components.
Behavior generation is responsible for executing tasks received from the superior, parent node. It also plans for, and issues tasks to, the subordinate nodes.
Sensory perception is responsible for receiving sensations from the subordinate nodes, then grouping, filtering, and otherwise processing them into higher level abstractions that update the local state and which form sensations that are sent to the superior node.
Value judgment is responsible for evaluating the updated situation and evaluating alternative plans.
World Model is the local state that provides a model for the controlled system, controlled process, or environment at the abstraction level of the subordinate nodes.
At its lowest levels, the RMA can be implemented as a subsumption architecture, in which the world model is mapped directly to the controlled process or real world, avoiding the need for a mathematical abstraction, and in which time-constrained reactive planning can be implemented as a finite state machine. Higher levels of the RMA however, may have sophisticated mathematical world models and behavior implemented by automated planning and scheduling. Planning is required when certain behaviors cannot be triggered by current sensations, but rather by predicted or anticipated sensations, especially those that come about as result of the node's actions.
See also
Command hierarchy, a hierarchical power structure
Hierarchical organization, a hierarchical organizational structure
References
Further reading
External links
The RCS (Realtime Control System) Library
Texai An open source project to create artificial intelligence using an Albus hierarchical control system
Control engineering
Control theory
Artificial intelligence
Robot architectures
Griselinia is a genus of seven species of shrubs and trees, with a highly disjunct distribution native to New Zealand and South America. It is a classic example of the Antarctic flora. It is the sole genus in the family Griseliniaceae; in the past it was often placed in Cornaceae but differs from that in many features.
Description
Small dioecious trees or shrubs up to 20 m with erect branches, or shrubs up to 2 m with climbing or scandent branches. The leaves are evergreen, thick and leathery, smooth and glossy above, often paler below. The flowers are very small, with five sepals and stamens and a single stigma, borne on terminal or axillary racemes or panicles. Petals 2–3 mm long. However, the female flower of G.lucida has no petals. The fruit is a small red or purple oval berry 5–10 mm long.
Chemical characteristics
Petroselinic acid occurs as the major fatty acid in the species, indicating a relationship to the Apiaceae and the Araliaceae. Recent genetic evidence from the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group has shown that Griselinia is correctly placed in the Apiales.
New Zealand species
The two New Zealand species are large shrubs or trees, from tall. Both trees can be epiphytic or hemiepiphytic. The young tree often colonizes amongst other epiphytes like Collospermum and Astelia high in the forest canopy, before growing aerial roots down the trunk of its host. Upon contact with the ground the roots can become large – up to thick, and are easily identified for their heavy lengthwise corrugations. G. lucida seldom becomes a freestanding tree if having begun life epiphytically, and can often be seen to have collapsed where the host has died.
Epiphytic growth in G. littoralis is less common but does occur in wetter climates.
The vernacular names are of Māori origin.
G. littoralis – Kapuka; leaves long.
G. lucida – Puka, akapuka, shining broadleaf; differs from G. littoralis in larger leaves, to long.
South American species
The five South American species are smaller shrubs, 1–5 m tall. All are known as Yelmo.
G. carlomunozii – coastal northern Chile (Antofagasta)
G. jodinifolia – Chile
G. racemosa – southern Chile (Los Lagos, Aisén) and adjacent Argentina (western Chubut)
G. ruscifolia – Argentina, Chile, southeast Brazil
G. scandens – central and southern Chile
References
External links
Pictures of Griselinia jodinifolia and Griselinia racemosa from Chilebosque.
Apiales genera
Griseliniaceae
Dioecious plants
Globidentosuchus is an extinct genus of basal caimanine crocodylian known from the late Middle to Late Miocene of the Middle and the Upper Members of the Urumaco Formation at Urumaco, Venezuela. Its skull was very short and robust, with large units of spherical teeth used to break the shells of molluscs as part of its durophagus diet. It is thought to be one of the most basal Caimanines, even sharing some traits with alligatorids.
Etymology
The generic name Globidentosuchus is derived from the Latin roots globus meaning "sphere" and dens meaning "tooth", referring to the spherical teeth in the posterior skull, and Greek souchos meaning "crocodile" after its classification. The species name brachyrostris is derived from the Greek brachys meaning "short" and Latin rostrum meaning "snout" after the truncated and robust rostrum of the species.
History and taxonomy
Globidentosuchus was described in 2013 by T. M. Scheyer and colleagues, the type and only species being G. brachyrostris, on the basis of cranial and mandibular remains that had been collected from the El Picache and Domo de Agua Blanca localities in Urumaco, Venezuela, the fossils coming from the Upper Miocene aged strata of the Upper and Middle Members of the Urumaco Formation. The chosen holotype (AMU-CURS-222) consists of a near skull with associated mandibles, including several of the spherical crushing teeth, and the paratype (AMU-CURS-224) was more fragmentary, consisting of only an incomplete skull associated with mandibles. Some other fragmentary specimens were referred in 2013 and 2016, but all were either fossils of the skull or mandible. In 2017, a partial skull that was first described as a skull of Melanosuchus fisheri from the Urumaco Formation of Falcón, Venezuela was reassigned to Globidentosuchus, making it the first known Globidentosuchus specimen.
Description and paleobiology
Globidentosuchus was a small caimanine species at only meters in length and in weight, around the same size as the average adult male Caiman crocodilus. The most notable feature of Globidentosuchus is its U-shaped, wide, and short skull and robust, deep mandibles that were built for crushing hard prey like molluscs. Globidentosuchus differentiates from other caimanines in several areas, such as; a fused external naris that was not bisected by the nasals, the smooth skull with weak preorbital ridges and no rostral or interorbital ridges, in strong contrast to the strong ridges in gavialoids and some caimans. Each mandible preserves 18 teeth, 10 conical teeth in the anterior portion and 8 spherical, robust teeth in the posterior portion. These spherical teeth were tightly packed, making a crushing unit that was built to crush molluscs. This morphology is also observed in several other caimanines, like Caiman brevirostris, C. latirostris, and Allognathosuchus, though none of these taxa have crushing units like in Globidentosuchus. The mandible has 13 alvelovi, the largest being in the back of the mandible but they get much smaller after the 4th alvelovi, a trait missing in other caimanines but was likely convergently evolved as some early alligatoroids bare this.
Classification
Globidentosuchus is often recovered as one of or the most basal caimanines, with the original phylogenetic analysis in 2013 finding it to be a stem caimanine and the sister taxon to all other caimanines, even more basal than Paleogene caimanines like Necrosuchus and Eocaiman. Hastings et al. (2013) proposed that this phylogenetic position is because of a potential relict population of basal caimanines that persisted in Central America and/or northern South America into the Late Miocene, as shown by Globidentosuchus and its basal relatives Gnatusuchus and Culebrasuchus, though more fossils are needed to confirm this.
The following tree is based on the results recovered by Cidade et al. (2017), excluding the North American Orthogenysuchus and including the then newly named Mourasuchus pattersoni while also following the synonymy of M. nativus with M. arendsi. This analysis also recovers Globidentosuchus as one of the most basal caimanines at a similar level to Culebrasuchus and Gnatusuchus.
Paleoenvironment
As the Proto-Amazonian lake system and the Pebas system began to dissipate with the onset of the transcontinental Amazon Drainage, Globidentosuchus inhabited the wetlands of the northern Urumaco Formation in Venezuela into the Late Miocene before eventually dying out by the Early Pliocene like much of the large crocodilian fauna of the Miocene wetlands. These wetlands provided favorable conditions to the native reptilian fauna, with several lineages of crocodilians reaching enormous sizes during the Mid to Late Miocene and also diversifying in ecology. Some of the enormous crocodilians that coexisted with Globidentosuchus included the enormous caimain Purussaurus, the bizarre Mourasuchus and large-bodied gharials of the genus Gryposuchus, some species of which reaching lengths of over 10 meters. The largest turtle known, Stupendemys, with one specimen preserving a 2.86 meter long carapace, was also present in the region as an omnivore. Other durophagus caimanines inhabited the Urumaco, including the unusual Caiman brevirostris and extant C. latirostris. Besides the aforementioned reptiles, the waterways of Late Miocene South America were also inhabited by fish, including catfish such as Phractocephalus and Callichthyidae, characids such as Acregoliath rancii and the tambaqui (Colossoma macropomum), the South American lungfish (Lepidosiren paradoxa), trahiras (e.g. Paleohoplias assisbrasiliensis) and freshwater rays and sharks. Other turtles and tortoises found in the same deposits are Chelus columbiana (a fossil relative of the mata mata) and Chelonoidis. Further aquatic vertebrates included river dolphins and the large darter "Anhinga" fraileyi. Palynofloras found in the Urumaco Formation suggest a continuation of the Amazonian forest into northwestern Venezuela during the Miocene, while the Early Pliocene replaced these forests with xerophyte-dominated habitats after the collapse of the Urumaco delta and its environment, which ended the great crocodilian diversity that was present in Venezuela.
References
Alligatoridae
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Miocene crocodylomorphs
Miocene reptiles of South America
Montehermosan
Huayquerian
Chasicoan
Mayoan
Neogene Venezuela
Fossils of Venezuela
Fossil taxa described in 2013
Diksonsky district was a former district (raion) of the former Taymyr (Dolgan-Nenets) Autonomous Okrug which was merged into Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007. The administrative centre of the district was the town of Dikson. The district covered an area of 200,419 km2.
Location
Diksonsky district was located in the extreme north of the Taymyr Autonomous Okrug. The district comprised a large area of the okrug's northern coastline as well as almost all of the arctic islands subordinated to the region, most notably Severnaya Zemlya.
Geography
The district is famed for having contained the most northerly point in mainland Russia and therefore the continent of Eurasia, Cape Chelyuskin. All of the land controlled by the district lay north of the Arctic Circle, as did all of Taymyr AO. It was situated at the mouth of the Yenisei River. It shared borders (from west to east) with the Ust-Yeniseisky, Dudinsky and Khatangsky districts of Taymyr AO.
History
Diksonsky District was created in 1957 after separating from the Ust-Yeniseisky district, also in Taymyr AO. The only settlement in the district was the town of Dikson. The district did not have any further internal divisions or towns; the entirety of the district's population was in the town of Dikson, which served as the administrative centre. No other settlements are known to have existed within the district.
The Great Arctic Nature Reserve is located within the former territory of the district. It was created on 11 May 1993 by the Russian government and is the largest nature reserve in Russia and Eurasia. Covering an area of 4,169,222 ha, it stretches for over 1,000 kilometres from west to east and its latitude reaches much further north than 85°N.
Upon the merger of Taymyr AO and Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007, Diksonsky district was abolished.
Geography
When it existed, Diksonsky district was the most northerly district in all mainland Russia, with territory lying no further south than 75°N. The district also contained the Byrranga Mountains, one of the most remote areas of the Arctic world.
Demographics
Settlements
Diksonsky district contained only one settlement, the city of Dikson (postal code 647340) with a population of 861 as of 1 January 2017.
Population
The population of the town of Dikson consists of everyone in the former district's area. The population figures (since 1959) were:
1959: 3,470
1970: 3,889
1979: 4,045
1989: 4,449
2002: 1,198
2010: 590
References
Districts of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Taymyr Autonomous Okrug
"Mi Marciana" () is a song recorded by the Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz. It was released as the third single from his ninth studio album La Música No Se Toca (2012). The song was released for digital download on 6 December 2012.
Song information
Mi Marciana is the third single of Sanz's ninth studio album La Música No Se Toca and was written by Alejandro Sanz and co-produced by Sanz and Colombian producer, musician, and songwriter, Julio Reyes Copello. Sanz received a Record of the Year and Song of the Year nominations at the 14th Latin Grammy Awards for the song. The song was also nominated for a 2014 Lo Nuestro Award for Video of the Year and Pop Song of the Year.
Live Performances
Sanz performed this song on several stages including his recent worldwide tour. One of the best performances occurred on 12 December 2012, on the program La Voz España, when he performed with the four finalists of the show.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
"Mi Marciana" Lyrics
2012 singles
Alejandro Sanz songs
Songs written by Alejandro Sanz
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
Universal Music Latino singles
2012 songs
Song recordings produced by Julio Reyes Copello
Gaston Malam (born 8 July 1952) is a Cameroonian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Cameroonian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Cameroon
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bernard Joseph Lukowich (born March 18, 1952) is a Canadian former NHL and WHA player. He played 79 games in the NHL for the Pittsburgh Penguins and the St. Louis Blues. And another 21 games for the Calgary Cowboys of the WHA.
His son is Brad Lukowich, who played in the NHL.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
1952 births
Calgary Cowboys players
Denver Spurs players
Estevan Bruins players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Living people
New Westminster Bruins players
Pittsburgh Penguins draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins players
Sportspeople from North Battleford
St. Louis Blues players
Tidewater Sharks players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Jiří Pelikán (born 9 May 1970) is a Czech former professional tennis player.
Born in Ostrava, Pelikán competed on the professional tour in the 1990s, reaching the best singles ranking of 208 in the world. He was a semi-finalist at the Poznan Challenger in 1992 and featured in the qualifying draw of the 1995 Wimbledon Championships. His only ATP Tour main draw appearance came in doubles, at the 1994 Czech Indoor.
Pelikán coaches at the TJ Start Ostrava tennis club.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Czech male tennis players
Sportspeople from Ostrava
Alain Feutrier (born 16 February 1968) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.
He was born in St Jean de Maurinne, France and did not succeed in winning any podium medals at the Winter Olympics that he competed in.
External links
sports-reference.com
https://www.olympic.org/alain-feutrier
http://www.valloire.net/uk/il4-office,winter_p402-alain-feutrier.aspx
1968 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
COG is a 6-piece metal band based in Metro Manila, Philippines.
History
COG's early beginnings reach back to 1999 when guitarists Joel Patricio and Eric Perlas started writing riffs together with the intent of forming a metal band. Yagi Olaguera joined shortly after and the three began writing original material. A few months down the line, Alan Po, then drummer of funk band Wild Waters, joined the lineup upon hearing some of the songs. Bass guitar duties were then taken by old school rocker Richie Ramos and by summer of 2000, the COG lineup was complete. The band started playing live shows in August 2000 and has since played in different venues in and around Metro Manila.
The band's first big break arrived when they had the chance to record with Maly Andres and Angie Rozul of Tracks Studios for the No Seat Affair compilation. Of the two songs recorded for the release, "Drone", a mostly instrumental piece, was graced by the saxophone playing of the band's friend and collaborator, Garon Honasan. Since then, he has formally joined the lineup and has integrated his sax playing into COG's new material.
Shortly after the recording sessions for No Seat Affair, the band returned to the studio to track more material. Most of the songs written during those sessions can be found on the band's first EP, Contact, which was released in 2003. The band then began touring heavily to support the release while balancing day jobs and schooling at the same time. On top of that, COG returned to the studio in early 2004 to continue writing and recording new material for their debut album. Nearly three years since their first independent EP, the band finally completed their album and has since begun supporting the release with several other shows. During this timespan, the band was also included in two other compilations, namely Pulp Summer Slam 3 and First Attempt.
After what has been almost four years of studio work and gigging, COG continues to grow in its own unique direction. Having survived possible disbanding and lineup changes, the band has been able to maintain their original lineup and continue to challenge themselves with their material. COG currently plays regularly for several productions in and around Metro Manila.
Members
Eric Perlas - guitars
Matthew de Mesa - drums
Yagi Olaguera - vocals
Dylan Pizarro - guitars
Richie Ramos - bass
Garon Honasan - saxophone
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
COG on Myspace
Filipino rock music groups
Filipino heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups from Quezon City
Musical groups established in 1999
1999 establishments in the Philippines
Carlos Alfonso Castro Borja (born August 1, 1967 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player.
His position was defender.
Club career
In 1985, he became part of Destroyer in the B League and in 1986 made his Premier League debut with ADET and then transferred to C.D. Chalatenango to play alongside figures like Mauricio Cienfuegos, Carlos "Carlanga" Rivera and Edgar "Kiko" Henriquez. Then he campaigned with C.D. Atlético Marte where he gained prominence and was named to the national squad. He was also named Most Valuable Player in the first division for Atlético Marte in 1990.
Played also in C.D. FAS, Zacapa of Guatemala, C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo, C.D. Águila and played in Austria with Grazer AK in the Second Bundesliga and finally with San Salvador F.C.
International career
Also in 1985 he formed part of a selection of youth who participated in a tournament in Trinidad and Tobago and then at the Central American Games held in Guatemala.
Castro Borja was a symbol within the national team in the years of 1992 to 1997. He is still remembered as one of the most passionate players who defended his national colors. He had great physical stamina, his sweeper skills were to be admired and also caused problems for rival strikers. He participated in the 1990, 1994, 1998 and 2002 World Cup qualification campaign. He scored the winner against Mexico in the 1994 World Cup qualifiers, which was the first time El Salvador had defeated Mexico in several years.
International goals
Retirement
After finishing his football career with San Salvador FC, he traveled to Las Vegas, Nevada, where he currently resides with his family and is responsible for the school of soccer run by Cruz Azul.
Titles
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20071011011239/http://www.wilmellaw.com/DisplayPage.php?PageID=6025&PID=15
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Salvador
Association football central defenders
Salvadoran footballers
El Salvador international footballers
1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
C.D. Chalatenango footballers
C.D. Atlético Marte footballers
Grazer AK players
C.D. FAS footballers
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo footballers
San Salvador F.C. footballers
Salvadoran expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in Guatemala
NGC 1444 is a small open cluster of stars in the northern constellation of Perseus, about 2-° to the northwest of 43 Persei. It has an angular diameter of and a brightness of 6.60 in visual magnitude. The cluster has sixty members of seventh magnitude or fainter, and is better appreciated in larger telescopes. NGC 1444 was discovered on 18 December 1788 by the German-British astronomer William Herschel. It is located at a distance of from the Sun and is about 7.1 million years old. The cluster has a physical core radius of and a tidal radius of . The most prominent member is the triple star system Σ446, with a magnitude 6.7 primary. The cluster is a member of the Camelopardalis OB1 association.
References
Open clusters
1444
Perseus (constellation)
Kevin Allan Hunt (3 December 1933 – 15 September 2016) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Kevin Hunt's profile at Blueseum
1933 births
Carlton Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
2016 deaths
Joaquín "Quino" Muñoz Hernández (born 4 January 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Spain.
Biography
A right-handed player from Madrid, Muñoz began competing on the professional circuit in 1994 and reached the best singles ranking on tour of 157 in the world.
His best performance on the ATP Tour came at the 1998 Torneo Godó in Barcelona, where he registered wins over Sjeng Schalken and Francisco Clavet, before he was eliminated in the round of 16 by the top seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov in three sets. He held a set point in the first set, which he lost to Kafelnikov in a tiebreak, then claimed the second set, but the Russian won the deciding set.
While in his 30s he continued to make the occasional appearances in local tournaments and in 2016 was runner-up in doubles at the Segovia Challenger, at the age of 41. He announced his retirement from competitive tennis in 2018.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Spanish male tennis players
Tennis players from Madrid
The Batasang Pambansa bombing occurred on the night of November 13, 2007, at the Batasang Pambansa Complex (National Assembly Complex) in Quezon City, Philippines. The blast killed Congressman Wahab Akbar and Marcial Taldo, a staff member of Congresswoman Luzviminda Ilagan, and wounded Ilagan, Congressman Pryde Henry Teves, and two others.
Explosion
The legislative session had just ended, and lawmakers were leaving the building when the blast occurred at 8:15 p.m. at the south wing of the building. Witnesses reported that "the ground shook and parts of the ceiling collapsed and chunks of the facade were dislodged." Marcial Taldo, driver of Gabriela party-list Rep. Luzviminda Ilagan, died on the spot in Ilagan's car. Basilan Representative Wahab Akbar, the apparent target of the blast, was rushed to the Far Eastern University hospital in Quezon City where he was later declared dead. Police believe the explosive device was planted in a nearby motorcycle.
Four other people were killed or later died from their injuries, and 12 were injured, including Ilagan and Congressman Pryde Henry Teves of Negros Oriental. Both Congressman Teves' eardrums were severely damaged, apparently disabling his hearing. An earlier report stated that his leg would require amputation, but was later revoked upon the doctor's decision that medical intervention short of amputation could be implemented to rehabilitate the wounded legislator's leg.
Immediately after the blast, lawmakers were not allowed to leave the building.
Casualties
Fatalities
Congressman Wahab Akbar, Representative of the lone district of Basilan
Junaskiri Hayudini, an aide of Rep. Akbar
Marcial Taldo, a staff member of Congresswoman Luzviminda Ilagan of the GABRIELA Women's Party party-list
Maan Gale Bustaliño, the Chief of Staff of Rep. Pryde Henry Teves
Dennis Manila, aide of Rep. Teves
Vercita Garcia, staff member of Rep. Pryde Henry Teves died at 6:30 p.m. because of cardiac arrest at St. Luke's Medical Center in Quezon, City on December 17, 2007
Injuries
Congressman Pryde Henry Teves, legislator for the 3rd district of Negros Oriental. On December 18, 2007, Teves was moved out of the intensive care unit of St. Luke's Medical Center in Quezon City to a private room, and recuperated from fractured leg and sustained deep burns in his arms from the bombing. On January 31, 2008, Teves reported for work at the House of Representatives, against doctors' advice. Teves, still in a wheelchair, wore black cotton gloves to protect his burned hands, and could not shake hands or use his cellular phone.
Congresswoman Luzviminda Ilagan, legislator for the GABRIELA Women's Party party-list.
Investigation
Philippine National Police Director General Avelino Razon was ordered by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to personally supervise the investigation of the explosion.
The Philippine National Police (PNP) said in an interview that they had raided a house not far from the Congress Building. The occupants of the house started to shoot at them; consequently, the police killed three people, who were said to be suspected members of the terrorist group Abu Sayyaf. The following was confiscated in the house: A dozen stickers bearing the logo of the Philippine Congress, a car plate with a number 8 (which is for Congressmen), an Identification Card from the House of Representatives, and the plate number which was suspected to have been removed from the motorcycle that was used to hide the bomb.
The police arrested three suspects Caidar Aunal, Adham Kusain, and Ikram Indama and subsequent police interrogation disclosed "damning evidence" against the slain representative's political rivals, former Deputy House Speaker Gerry Salapuddin and Anak Mindanao Party-List Rep. Mujiv Hataman, citing the trail of events and mechanisms involved in the planning of the attack, and as such, police said charges would be filed by government prosecutors against the slain Basilan congressman's political rivals. The two political figures appeared beforehand at the National Police headquarters with the desire to clear their names of involvement in the attack. Subsequent action by government prosecutors made Salapuddin and Hataman, together with the latter's brother Benjamin "Jim" Hataman, suspects/masterminds in the bombing.
Arrest
On December 14, 2007, in 2-page resolution, the Supreme Court of the Philippines issued a writ of habeas corpus on petition of suspects Caidar Aunal, Adham Kusain, and Ikram Indama. It required the Philippine National Police's (PNP) Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG), National Capital Region-Criminal Investigation and Detection Unit (NCR-CIDU) and the PNP Custodial Center to file returns before Quezon City Regional Trial Court Executive Judge Romeo Zamora on December 18.
On December 20, 2007, the criminal case Q-07-149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal, Adham Kusain, and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself. On January 29, 2008, Judge Ralph Lee granted the three accused's motion for preliminary investigation, ordered the DOJ to issue resolution within 20 days, and the arraignment was set on February 26. The Judge also directed the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG) to transfer all accused to the Quezon City Jail. On April 28, 2008, Judge Lee issued the warrant and ordered the arrest of former Basilan Representative Gerry Salapuddin, Police Officer 1 Bayan Judda, Jaharun Jamiri and Benjamin Hataman, all indicted with multiple murder and multiple frustrated murder cases before the court.
Jamiri Hajirun y Usman, ex- mayor of Tuburan, Basilan was indicted for violation of Section 2 of Republic Act 8294 (Illegal possession of explosives) before Manila RTC, on May 15, 2008, and P200,000 bail was recommended for his release.
See also
List of attacks on legislatures
References
External links
Abs-Cbn, Batasan blast archives, photos and videos
2007 murders in the Philippines
Quezon City
Crime in Metro Manila
Building bombings in the Philippines
Murder in the Philippines
Mass murder in 2007
Attacks on legislatures
Presidency of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
Fevziye is a village in the Gemlik district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gemlik District
Luigi Attademo is an Italian classical guitarist born in Naples in 1972.
He worked in the archive of the Fundación Andrés Segovia (in Linares, Jaén, Spain), where he discovered some unknown manuscripts of important composers, such as Jaume Pahissa, Alexandre Tansman, Gaspar Cassadò and others.
References
External links
Official Homepage
Recordings (with mp3)
Audio (mp3) (musikethos.org)
Italian classical guitarists
Italian male guitarists
1972 births
Living people
21st-century guitarists
21st-century Italian male musicians
Diego González may refer to:
Association football
Diego González (footballer, born 1986), Chilean former football forward
Diego González (footballer, born 1988), Argentine football midfielder
Diego González (footballer, born 1991), Chilean football midfielder
Diego González (footballer, born July 1995), Mexican football midfielder
Diego González (footballer, born January 1995), Spanish footballer
Diego González (footballer, born November 1995), Chilean football midfielder
Diego González (footballer, born August 1998), Chilean football midfielder
Diego González (footballer, born April 1998), Chilean football defender
Other
Diego Boneta (Diego González Boneta, born 1990), Mexican singer and actor
Diego González (bishop) (died 1587), Spanish Roman Catholic bishop
Diego González (sailor) (born 1987), Chilean sailor
Diego González Holguín (1560–1620), Spanish Jesuit priest
Diego González Montero Justiniano (fl. 1662–1670), interim Royal Governor of Chile
Diego González Samaniego (died 1611), Roman Catholic bishop
Diego Tadeo González (1733–1794), Spanish poet
Gert Coetzer ( – 10 November 2018), also known by the nickname of "Oupa" (meaning "Old Man" in Afrikaans), was a South African rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for Orange Free State (now represented by the Free State Cheetahs), and at club level for Bloemfontein Railway Institute RFC (in Bloemfontein, South Africa), as a wing, and representative level rugby league (RL) for South Africa (non-Test matches), Other Nationalities and Commonwealth XIII, and at club level for Johannesburg Celtic (in Johannesburg, South Africa), Bloemfontein Aquilae (in Bloemfontein, South Africa), and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 682), as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or 3 or 4.
Background
Gert Coetzer was born in Bloemfontein, South Africa, he worked as a waterworks superintendent in Yorkshire , he bred and showed German Shepherds , including the champion; "Vanda" , he died aged 79 in South Africa, and his funeral service took place at Nederduitse Gereformeerde Gemeente (Dutch Reformed Church) in Doornpoort, North East Pretoria, South Africa on Wednesday 14 November 2018.
Playing career
International honours
Gert Coetzer took part in a trial match for the South Africa (RU) (commonly known as the Springboks), he represented Other Nationalities (RL) while at Wakefield Trinity, he played , i.e. number 5, in the 2-19 defeat by St. Helens at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Wednesday 27 January 1965, to mark the switching-on of new floodlights, represented Commonwealth XIII (RL) while at Wakefield Trinity in 1965 against New Zealand at Crystal Palace National Recreation Centre, London on Wednesday 18 August 1965, and was selected for the South Africa (RL) squad to play in the 1963 tour of Australia. Unfortunately, he sustained a dislocated shoulder during the opening tour match against Monaro south of Canberra, and took no further part in the tour, and as South Africa (RL) played no further internationals in this era, there were no further opportunities to win international caps.
Championship Final appearances
Gert Coetzer played , i.e. number 5, and scored two tries in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the Championship Final replay during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967, and played , i.e. number 2, in the 17-10 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the Championship Final during the 1967-68 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 4 May 1968.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Gert Coetzer played , i.e. number 5, and scored 2-tries in Wakefield Trinity's 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1963, in front of a crowd of 84,492, and played left-, i.e. number 4, in the 10-11 defeat by Leeds in the 1967–68 Challenge Cup "Watersplash" Final during the 1967–68 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1968, in front of a crowd of 87,100.
County Cup Final appearances
Gert Coetzer played , i.e. number 5, in Wakefield Trinity's 18-2 victory over Leeds in the 1964–65 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield on Saturday 31 October 1964.
Club career
Gert Coetzer transferred from rugby union to rugby league with Wakefield Trinity during February 1963, he made his debut for Wakefield Trinity during March 1963, and he played his last match for Wakefield Trinity during the 1967–68 season.
Genealogical information
Gert Coetzer was married to Laurika (née Viljoen). They had children; Derek Coetzer (birth registered during first ¼ in Dewsbury district).
References
External links
Search for "Coetzer" at rugbyleagueproject.org
Free State Rugby Saddened By The Loss Of An Ex Free State Player
Gert 'Oupa' Coetzer
SA Rugby League Springboks who toured Australia in 1963
Rugby League Final 1963
Rugby Cup Final 1968
Search for "Gert Coetzer" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
Search for "Oupa Coetzer" at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1930s births
2018 deaths
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Other Nationalities rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Sportspeople from Bloemfontein
Rugby league players from Free State
Rugby league wingers
Rugby union players from Bloemfontein
Rugby union wings
South African expatriate rugby league players
South African expatriate sportspeople in England
South African rugby league players
South African rugby union players
Wakefield Trinity players
White South African people
Year of birth missing
Roy Matthews (10 September 1926 – March 1992) was a British archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1926 births
1992 deaths
British male archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Myron Mathisson (4 December 1897 – 13 September 1940) was a theoretical physicist of Polish and Jewish descent. He is known for his work in general relativity, for developing a new method to analyze the properties of fundamental solutions of linear hyperbolic partial differential equations, and proved, in a special case, the Hadamard conjecture on the class of equations that satisfy the Huygens principle.
Life and work
Education
Mathisson was born in Warsaw, 4 December 1897. He graduated from a Russian philological gymnasium with a gold medal in 1915. He began his studies at the Faculty of Civil Engineering of the Warsaw University of Technology. Then, from 1917 he studied at the University of Warsaw where he graduated in 1924 under the guidance of Czesław Białobrzeski.
Military service
Between the years 1918–1919 he served in the military.
Physics research
In 1930, earned his doctorate at the University of Warsaw on the work of Sur le movement tournant d'un corps dans un champ de gravitation, and began to live there in 1932. He became a professor at the University of Kazan in 1936. The following year, he returned to Warsaw. He corresponded with Albert Einstein. In the years 1937–1939, he worked at the Jagiellonian University, under .
His works have been recognized by . Niels Bohr invited him to Copenhagen. In 1939 he went to Paris, where he met with Jacques Hadamard, and to Cambridge, where he met with Paul Dirac who was impressed enough to publish his recent work posthumously, and to post his obituary.
In chronological order; M. Mathisson, A. Papapetrou, and W. G. Dixon contributed to the derivation of the equations for a spinning body moving in a gravitational field, now known as the Mathisson–Papapetrou–Dixon equations.
Other work
Due to financial difficulties, Mathisson had to work as a Hebrew translator, as a draftsman producing technical drawings, and engineering calculations of the statics of reinforced concrete structures.
Mathisson died of tuberculosis in Cambridge, on 13 September 1940.
Publications
During his short lifetime, he published the following 12 scientific papers:
See also
Józef Lubański
References
Further reading
Polish relativity theorists
Quantum mechanics
1897 births
1940 deaths
19th-century Polish Jews
University of Warsaw alumni
Jewish physicists
The Niamey Grand Market (fr:Grand marché de Niamey) is the largest market and shopping center in Niamey, the capital and largest city in the West African state of Niger.
Location
The large market complex lies in the center of the city in a neighborhood named "Grand Marché" after it, east and south of the European style commercial and government center of the "Plateau" neighborhood. It was built within a colonial era park which divided the "European" and "African" sections of the city, south and west of the modern Stade Général Seyni Kountché and Niamey Grande Mosquée. The market is bordered on the west by the Boulevard de l'Independence, which is also the north-south route through the city of Route nationale 1.
Infrastructure
A uniform structure for housing the market was first built in 1950, and is locally known as the Habou-Béné. A fire on 30 March 1982 destroyed the market, and it was reopened on 5 January 1987, after a rebuilding project which cost some 5 Billion CFA Francs. That incarnation housed 4000 shops, ranging from simple stalls and covered tables to the 1863 permanent structures which range from metal stalls to modern stores in two large buildings. In May 2009, another fire gutted portions of the market, destroying around 1500 stalls and stands, 128 of which were housed in metal stalls, and the rest in the open or in less permanent structures. The fire was believed to have begun in the area reserved for food stalls. Fire officials suspected an electrical cable short sparked the fire, which began at around 14:00 and was only controlled some four hours later.<ref>[http://lesahel.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=1833:incendie-au-grand-marche-de-niamey-mettre-laccent-sur-la-prevention-et-la-prevision-selon-le-commandant-du-8eme-groupement-regional-dincendie-et-de-securite&catid=38:les-dossiers-du-sahel&Itemid=57 Incendie au Grand marché de Niamey : mettre l'accent sur la prévention et la prévision, selon le commandant du 8ème groupement régional d'incendie et de sécurité] . Oumarou Moussa, le Sahel. 29 Mai 2009</ref>
The market complex is operated by a national government body, SOCOGEM ("Société de construction et de gestion des marchés", "Society for the Construction and Operation of Markets").
Importance
The Niamey Grand Market has been called the commercial center of the entire county, as goods from across the nation and abroad pass through the center and are sold both wholesale and retail. The market, and especially its traditional craft center is an important tourist attraction, drawing an estimated 20,000 tourists a year. A large bus and taxi station lies just behind it.
References
Incendie, hier, au grand marché de Niamey: Véritable désastre économique. Assane Soumana & Seini Seydou Zakaria, Le Sahel (Niamey). 28 May 2009.
Incendie au Grand marché de Niamey : mettre nos marchés à l'abri des flammes dévastatrices, il vaut mieux prévenir que guéri. Oumarou Moussa, le Sahel. 29 Mai 2009
Incendie au Grand marché de Niamey : émotion et soupçon d'espoir chez les victimes. Zabeirou Moussa, le Sahel. 29 Mai 2009
External links
wikimapia.org.
Buildings and structures in Niamey
Shopping malls in Niamey
Shanag is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period of Mongolia.
The type species of Shanag is S. ashile. It was named and described by Alan Turner, Sunny Hai-Ching Hwang and Mark Norell in 2007. The generic name refers to the black-hatted dancers in the Buddhist Cham dance. The specific name refers to the Ashile Formation, the old name for the layers where Shanag was found, used by Henry Fairfield Osborn.
The holotype of Shanag, IGM 100/1119, was discovered in the Öösh Formation, the stratification of which is uncertain but probably dating to the Berriasian-Barremian. Shanag bears a strong resemblance to basal Chinese dromaeosaurids such as Microraptor and Sinornithosaurus, suggesting a close similarity between the fauna of the Öösh deposits, dated tentatively to 130 million years ago, and the Jehol Biota of China (such as the animals found in the roughly contemporary Yixian Formation), during the Early Cretaceous. The holotype specimen, about six centimeters long, is composed of an associated uncompressed upper and lower jaw fragment, containing a nearly complete right maxilla with teeth, a partial right dentary with teeth and an attached partial splenial.
Shanag was a small predator. In 2010 Gregory S. Paul estimated its length at 1.5 meters, the weight at five kilograms. Shanag shows a mixture of dromaeosaurid, troodontid and basal avialan traits.
Turner et al. assigned Shanag to the Dromaeosauridae. Their cladistic analysis indicated that it was a basal dromaeosaurid but higher in the tree than the Unenlagiinae. Later analyses recovered it in the Microraptorinae.
See also
Timeline of dromaeosaurid research
References
Dromaeosaurs
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossils of Mongolia
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Taxa named by Mark Norell
Dubai Snowdome is a proposed indoor ski resort located in Dubailand. The project is financed and developed by 32Group. The snowdome is a AED 3.7 billion (US$1 billion) development which will cover an area of and was expected to be completed by late 2008. The opening date was delayed due to construction being currently halted as a part of the Dubailand project, which itself is now on hold by the government of Dubai.
Development
The ski resort will stand at a height of and in diameter and will feature a ski dome, residential towers, hotels, a shopping mall, restaurants, coffee shops and retail outlets. The snowdome will be surrounded by eleven towers, nine being residential, and two being crystal decoration. The snowdome will also contain a rotating ski deck, a training area, ice rink for recreational skiing, toboggan area, and a snow play area for children.
External links
Dubai Snowdome TEN Real Estate
See also
Ski Dubai
Dubailand
Unbuilt buildings and structures in Dubai
The "Tribute to Heroes And Legends (HAL Awards)" is an annual awards ceremony, established to honor entertainers, sports figures and business executives who have not only achieved success in their areas of expertise, but have utilized their celebrity status to benefit the community, via charitable activities and community service. The awards ceremony began in 1990, and the first event was held on September 23, 1990 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, CA. Initial honorees included actors, Marla Gibbs, Jo Marie Payton and Zsa Zsa Gabor; recording artists Nancy Wilson and M.C. Trouble and executives from Chrysler, CBS, GM and the Laker Organization.
History
The HAL Awards were created by celebrated songwriter, and Motown Alumna, Janie Bradford. The event raises money for the HAL Scholarship Fund, which provides funding for performing arts students. One of the organization's most celebrated scholarship recipient is electronic musician and rapper, Flying Lotus, who has released four albums on Warp Records. Each year, scholarship funds are presented to talented students who have maintained at least a 2.0 grade average and who show promise in the area of performing arts. The scholarship provides the financial assistance these students need to continue their education. The students are honored at the star-studded Hollywood event.
The nine awards that HAL bestows each year include Outstanding Achievement in Music, Theatre and TV/Film, The Icon Award, Legacy Award, Pioneer Award, Cornerstone Award, Pacesetter Award and The Unsung Hero Award. Recipients have included: The Temptations, Smokey Robinson, Isley Brothers, The Whispers, The Originals (band), Thelma Houston, Chaka Khan, The Supremes, The Four Tops, Wesley Snipes, Tyne Daly, Reginald Veljohnson, Craig T. Nelson, Della Reese, Roger Mosley, Regina King, Tyrese Gibson, Ernie Hudson, George Clinton. Notable presenters include Vivica A. Fox, Tom Selleck, David Cassidy, Quincy Jones, Gladys Knight, James Avery, Billy Vera, Ray Parker, Jr., Mel Carter and Berry Gordy. In 2014, New Edition, Eddie Floyd and the Mary Jane Girls were added to the list. The organization also honors songwriters, like Harold Lilly, who wrote Alicia Keyes' "You Don't Know My Name" and the legendary team of Holland-Dozier-Holland, who wrote numerous Motown hits. Producers, such as Clarence Avant, and Gamble & Huff are also honored as well as influential entertainment industry executives, such as BMI's Thomas Cain, Universal's Jim Urie, Jon Platt and new Motown president, Ethiopia Habtemarian. The 2015 event featured tributes to El DeBarge, Bobby Brown, The Dramatics, featuring LJ Reynolds, Dennis Edwards, jazz stylist Barbara Morrison, Brenda Holloway, 90's chartoppers, Tony, Toni, Tone and Universal executive, Andy Skurow.
Actress Jo Marie Payton has hosted the event since 1991.
Associated Events
Each year a series of additional events are scheduled leading up to the Awards Dinner and Show. Those events include a Welcome Reception for the honorees and presenters; a Celebrity Breakfast giving fans an opportunity to meet the honorees and purchase autographed items; and the Legends of Soul Concert, featuring R&B artists from the 60's and 70's, such as Brenda Holloway, Gene Chandler, Brenton Wood and Al B. Sure.
External links
Halawards.com
Eurweb
Universal Xperience 2013
Universal Xperience 2015
Black Voice News
References
1990 establishments in California
American awards
Dragoș Pîslaru is a Romanian economist and politician of REPER who has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2019. He was previously a member of USR PLUS/USR. He also held the position of Minister of Labor, Family, Social Protection and the Elderly in the government of Prime Minister Dacian Cioloș from 18 April 2016, until 4 January 2017.
Early life and education
Pîslaru is a graduate of the Faculty of International Economic Relations within the Academy of Economic Studies in Bucharest (October 1994 – September 1998) with a bachelor's degree in International Economics. He attended postgraduate courses, obtaining a diploma of "In-depth Studies in European Integration" also within the ASE (October 1998 – September 1999).
Pîslaru holds a Master of Science - International Relations from the London School of Economics and Political Science in the United Kingdom (October 1999 – September 2000) and a Diploma of Entrepreneurship - Case Study Centered Learning at Harvard Business School (July 2006). He holds a doctorate in economic sciences with a thesis held at the National Institute of Economic Research, Academia Română (October 2013).
Early career
Pîslaru taught economics at ASE Bucharest as a university lecturer, at the Faculty of International Economic Relations (November 1999 – September 2007). He was associate researcher at the Romanian Center for Economic Policies (December 2000 - November 2005) and executive director of the Applied Economics Group (June 2004 – December 2006).
Pîslaru held the position of administrator / general manager in the strategic consulting company, GEA Strategy & Consulting S.A. (December 2006 – November 2015). As a national analyst and expert, he has been involved in several projects on European policies, in particular regarding economic competitiveness, sustainable development and engines of growth.
Member of the European Parliament
In the European Parliament, Pîslaru serves on the Committee on Labor and Social Affairs (EMPL) where he is the Coordinator of the Renew Europe Group, the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs (ECON), and on the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE).
Pîslaru is the parliament's rapporteur on the Support Program for Reforms, with a budget of 25 billion euros. He is also part of the working group within the ECON Committee dedicated to joining the euro zone. He is a rapporteur for the Renew Europe group on the implementation of the Pan-European Personal Pension Product (PEPP), as well a rapporteur for the implementation of the European Fund for Strategic Investments.
Pîslaru is also a "shadow" rapporteur on two other files: the Invest EU program file, with a budget of 38 billion euros and the file on the coordination of social security systems at European level.
In addition to his committee assignments, Pîslaru is part of the delegation of the European Parliament for relations with Japan and a substitute for the delegation for relations with the United States of America. He is also a member of the MEPs Against Cancer group.
MEP local offices
As an MEP, Pîslaru opened local offices in Baia Mare, Oradea and Satu Mare. He announced that he will open two other local offices in Timișoara and Craiova.
Other mentions
Member in:
Competition Council Advisory Board;
Romanian Society of Economy (SOREC);
The TCI network (The Competitiveness Institute)
Team Europe 2005-2008 - European Commission / Romania;
Representative of the Alumni Association in Romania of the London School of Economics;
Working Group for improving the SME and the business environment (under the patronage of the Ministry of Economy).
Programs and projects
"The impact of EURO adoption in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe. Case study - Romania "(November 1999 - February 2000)
"Institutional reform and economic performance in Romania in the process of accession to the European Union" (nov. 2001-Jun. 2002)
"Performance Evaluation of the Business Sector Policy (EPPA) 2004" (February - October 2004), "Technical Assistance for MA SOP CCE for the Intermediate Evaluation of SOP CCE" (2009-2010)
"Ex-post evaluation of pre-accession assistance programs for the Cross-Border Cooperation Program in Romania and Bulgaria" (2010)
"The Pact for Energy" (2013)
"Elaboration of the national strategy in the field of research, technological development and innovation for the period 2014-2020" (Sector plan in the field of research and development in Industry) (2013)
"Study evaluation of the access of SMEs to financing" (2012-2013)
"Elaboration of the National Competitiveness Strategy 2014-2020" (2013).
References
External links
DragosPislaru.eu – Official website
Living people
Freedom, Unity and Solidarity Party politicians
MEPs for Romania 2019–2024
1976 births
Luther McKinnon was the seventh president of Davidson College and the first alumnus to become president. After graduating as salutatorian from Davidson in 1861, McKinnon joined the Confederate States Army as a chaplain. McKinnon became ill after becoming president, struck with what was described as "rheumatism," and resigned as president. McKinnon lived as an invalid for the rest of life, settling in Clinton, North Carolina.
References
Presidents of Davidson College
1840 births
1916 deaths
People from Maxton, North Carolina
People from Clinton, North Carolina
Biosphere3D is an open-source project that targets interactive landscape scenery rendering based on a virtual globe. The software system supports multiple scales but focuses primarily on the creation of realistic views from eye-level (First Person View) or near ground level.
The software is released under the MPL license and developed by Zuse Institute Berlin, Lenné3D and the open-source community for use on personal computers.
Overview
Biosphere3D was initially developed in the Visualization and Data Analysis department at the Zuse Institute Berlin as part of a research project and it was first released in 2007.
Applications are in Landscape planning, Landscape architecture, visual impact assessment, e.g. of Wind farms, Power stations, Land use planning, Archaeology, Urban planning, and forestry enabling to wander through landscape scenarios or virtually reconstructed historical landscape and gardens.
Biosphere3D, initially funded by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (Germany) within the R&D project ‘SILVISIO', has been designed as a pure landscape visualization system. Modeling of landscape features occurs in external applications such as Geographic information systems (GIS), simulation models with GIS data output, and 3D CAD tools such as SketchUp.
Users can interact with the globe by rotating it, tilting the view, and zooming in and out. 3D scenes are composed based on the import of digital elevation model (DEM) data, image raster files, ESRI shapefiles, Collada and kml/kmz files, e.g. from SketchUp or Trimble 3D Warehouse.
The data structures used by Biosphere3D require no or short pre-processing steps; so all data can be modified on the fly with minimal turn around times. This facilitates quick 3D scene generation and a semi-interactive workflow.
See the Biosphere3D Help on how to get started with the software.
Features
any raster file format is supported, which can be read by the open source library GDAL
models can be read from Collada, a Wavefront .obj file, Flora3D or kml/kmz files
use ESRI shapefiles to distribute models and vegetation with OIX plant distribution files or with points or multi points; polygons are for water surfaces, simple extruded buildings and to draw textures on the ground
reads and visualizes ENVI-met microclimate simulations
exports Portable Network Graphics (PNG) and high dynamic range OpenEXR images in virtual resolutions as stills or videos from camera paths
animate models on a path or with skeletal animation
different camera modes to walk or fly through the scene, optional collision detection
simple non-photorealistic rendering for models
adjustable physics-based atmospheric scattering
advanced visual effects such as anti-aliasing, screen space ambient occlusion, soft shadow mapping, depth of field, anaglyph 3D stereo rendering, water with waves and reflections, god rays
is under constant development
Computer requirements
Requirements depend on project size and used settings. A good starting point is a multi core processor, 8 GB RAM and a Graphics processing unit supporting OpenGL 4.0 with 2 GB memory. Large projects with detailed models and many textures may need 24 GB RAM and 11 GB graphic memory or more and a matching CPU. For the released beta on SourceForge, a x64 bit Windows with up-to-date drivers is needed. You can also use the OpenGL Extensions Viewer to verify that OpenGL 4.0 is supported.
Community
Source code is OS portable (Source code to work with many OS platforms) but currently, only Windows x86 and x64 is supported.
The source code is hosted as a git repository on SourceForge. Read-only access is available for everyone. Write access is granted on request.
See also
Google Earth
NASA World Wind
Geovisualization
Interactive visualization
References
Further reading
External links
Free data visualization software
3D graphics software
Virtual globes
Windows graphics-related software
Free software programmed in C++
Pandemonium EP is an EP, released by In Legend, a band from vocalist and pianist Bastian Emig, mostly known as the drummer from the German a cappella metal band Van Canto.
Track listing
Personnel
In Legend
Daniel Wicke - bass guitar
Bastian Emig – drums, lyrics, music, piano, producer, vocals
Crew
Charlie Bauerfeind – producer
Jürgen Lusky – mastering
Stefan Schmidt – producer
2010 EPs
In Legend albums
Andrei Macrițchii (born 13 February 1996) is a Moldovan football player. He plays for Ripensia Timișoara.
Club career
He made his Moldovan National Division debut for Sheriff Tiraspol on 31 May 2013 in a game against Nistru Otaci.
International
He made his debut for senior Moldova national football team on 26 February 2018 in a friendly against Saudi Arabia.
Personal life
He is a twin brother of Valerii Macrițchii.
Honours
FC Sheriff Tiraspol
Divizia Națională: 2012–13, 2013–14,, 2015–16
Divizia "A": 2016–17
Moldovan Super Cup: 2015
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Moldovan footballers
Association football forwards
Moldova youth international footballers
Moldova under-21 international footballers
Moldova international footballers
FC Sheriff Tiraspol players
FC Tiraspol players
CS Petrocub Hîncești players
FC Sfîntul Gheorghe players
FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Liga II players
FC Ripensia Timișoara players
Twin sportspeople
Twin people from Moldova
Moldovan expatriate footballers
Moldovan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
The alfil, alpil, or elephant is a fairy chess piece that can jump two squares diagonally. It is used in many historical and regional chess variants, such as shatranj. It was used in standard chess before being replaced by the bishop in the 15th and 16th centuries.
Movement
The alfil jumps two squares diagonally, leaping over any intermediate piece. It captures enemy pieces in the same way. Some variants, such as xiangqi, use a version of the piece that cannot leap.
History and nomenclature
The alfil is a very old piece, appearing in some very early chess variants, such as Tamerlane chess and shatranj. It was originally called an elephant, hastīn or gāja in Sanskrit. It was probably one of the original chess pieces, appearing in chaturanga and shatranj. However, its original move is uncertain; two possibilities, other than the current alfil move, are the dabbaba move (jumping two squares orthogonally) and the move of the silver general from shogi. The variant using the dabbaba move eventually died out, but the other variant spread to Burma and Siam, where it became the move for the equivalent pieces in the Burmese (sittuyin) and Thai (makruk) variants of chess. When chess spread to China, the piece became the elephant in xiangqi.
The silver general move was stated by Henry Davidson to resemble the four legs and trunk of an actual elephant. However, H. J. R. Murray in his History of Chess considered the two-square diagonal leap to be the original move, and reasoned that the main reason for the changes that made the alfil and ferz stronger in modern chess during the Renaissance (becoming the bishop and queen, respectively) were that these were originally the weakest pieces in the game apart from the pawns. The alfil can only reach one eighth of the squares on the board, whereas the dabbaba can reach one quarter, and the silver general can reach every square on the board.
When chess came to Persia from India, the Sanskrit name was translated to pil, and when chess came to the Muslims from Persia, the move had not changed, and then the name changed into Arabic to fil, the already existing cognate to pil which comes from the Akkadian language and ultimately from the Egyptian language. The name thus became fil and then alfil (prefixing the Arabic definite article, al). The names sometimes changed even more when chess eventually reached Europe, but eventually started to refer to the modern bishop rather than the alfil. Although alfil is still the name of the bishop in Spanish and some other European languages, its former name alfil began to be used in chess problems in English to refer exclusively to the original alfil.
Value
The alfil by itself is not much more powerful than a pawn, but as an additional backup for other pieces, it is worth about half a knight. Its value is severely compromised by its being "thrice-colourbound", only being able to reach an eighth of the squares on the 8×8 chessboard; combining it with other pieces usually masks this weakness to some extent. A king and eight alfils, with each alfil covering a different eighth of the chessboard, can force checkmate on a bare king.
References
External links
The Alfil by Ralph Betza, The Chess Variant Pages
Piececlopedia: Alfil by Fergus Duniho and Hans Bodlaender, The Chess Variant Pages
Fairy chess pieces
Micklehurst Railway Station served the town of Mossley in Cheshire. It was built by the London and North Western Railway on its Micklehurst Line. The station closed for passengers in 1907 and to freight on 19 February 1962 but the line through the station remained open for passenger traffic until 7 September 1964. The station building on the up (Diggle to Stalybridge) side are still standing and are used as a private residence.
References
The Manchester and Leeds Railway by Martin Bairstow
Disused railway stations in Tameside
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1886
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1907
Ahmed Masoud (; born 15 December 1991), is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Al Masry as a goalkeeper.
References
1991 births
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egyptian Premier League players
Telephonat Beni Suef SC players
Misr Lel Makkasa SC players
Al Masry SC players
Association football goalkeepers
Kayser's Beach is a small village on the shore of the Indian Ocean, southwest of East London in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. According to the census of 2011 it had 697 inhabitants.
On 13 March 1967, the South African Airways Flight 406 crashed into the sea at Kayser's Beach, resulting in the loss of 25 lives.
References
Populated places in Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Christiane Lüth (1817–1900), was a Danish-German diarist. She is known for her diary, regarded as a valuable source on the Greek Royal court under King Otto.
Life
Lüth was born on Nordsjælland, the daughter of the Danish official Heinr. Fr. Georg Fischer (1781–1829) and Mette Elisabeth Petersen (1789–1857), and raised in Fredensborg.
As an adult, Lüth became a governess for a rich family in Holstein. In 1838, she married A. H. F. Lüth (1806–1859), a Lutheran German priest from the Duchy of Oldelburg who worked for the same family she worked for.
Greece
In 1839, Lüth's spouse was appointed personal chaplain of the queen of Greece, Amalia of Oldenburg, and the couple moved to Greece together with her unmarried sister Johanne ("Hanne") Fischer. She and her husband lived at the royal court in Athens from 1839 until May 1852.
In 1842, her little son Nikolai was used to provide for the smallpox inoculation performed by the royal physician Rosen on the queen, who demanded all her ladies-in-waitings be subjected to it before it was performed on her.
In 1843, many German soldiers were relieved of their position. Lüth described how the Catholic Germans appealed to the king's Catholic chaplain for help while the Protestant Germans appealed to the queen's Lutheran chaplain (Lüth), but both categories expected the king to show solidarity with them because he was German: "... they would much rather remain here, were there was a German King, who in their opinion should see to the need of his [German] countrymen first. They simply did not understand his position in this country."
After the 3 September 1843 Revolution, many of the Germans were sent back to Germany by the king out of concern for the Greek opposition, but the Lüth couple's position was not touched, because the queen's chaplain belonged to the private staff of the royal household and was not on state salary. Christiane Lüth wished to return to Denmark, but the queen did not wish to lose her chaplain and did not provide him with a reference, and they remained in Greece for several years longer.
Later life
In 1852, Lüth's spouse left his service and she returned with him to Germany, were they settled in Lübeck. When she was widowed in 1859, she returned to Denmark. In 1891, Christiane Lüth and her daughter Damaris and sister Hanne visited Greece again.
Diary
Her diary was published in Danish in 1906–1927. Her diary described the journey to Greece via Saxony, Vienna and Trieste, and the life at the Greek royal court primarily from 1839 until the 3 September 1843 Revolution, with shorter entries from September 1843 until April 1845. The published diary also includes the travel diary from Christiane Lüth's sister Hanne Fischer, describing the journey home from Greece in May 1852 to Denmark in August.
This was the period of the Germans' dominance of the Greek royal court. At this period of time, the independent Kingdom of Greece had only just been established after the liberation from the Ottoman Empire. She described the capital of Athens as more similar to a small merchant town than a capital, and the Old Royal Palace had not yet been finished. The king and queen were both foreigners from Germany, and the Royal court were with few exceptions composed by Germans courtiers, surrounded by a colony of Germans who had come to seek their fortune in the capital of the new nation. The Greek population had been isolated from contact with Western Europe for centuries and were surprised to see the Queen and the other Western European women do things such as riding and participating in balls and other leisure activities, which were normal in Western Europe but until then uncommon in Greece. This atmosphere is described in the diary.
The diary describe several both big and small historical events she attended, among them the inauguration of the Old Royal Palace (summer of 1843), the 3 September 1843 Revolution, the inauguration of the Greek Parliament "Sineleusis" in January 1844, king Otto's public oath to the constitution in the Parliament on 18 March 1844, and the first royal court ball held in the Royal Palace on 22 November 1844.
She wrote about small incidents, such as one during the inauguration of the Royal Palace:
"In the summer Their Majesties moved in to the New Palace, which was now finally completed. A grand banquet was given there, and following it they escorted their guests around all of their rooms, which were very beautiful. When we entered the Queen's bedroom, one of the gentlemen, a Greek, stepped forward and punched a big fist in the mattress of her bed, creating a deep pit. This lack of decorum was however ignored, as were the many witty remarks which was said of the incident."
She wrote about the king's oath to the constitution 18 March 1844:
"The Queen arived first with her ladies, the took the back stairs and settled on the gallery colorful like tulips. The King arrived and seated on his throne under shouts and screams, made his oath and left with the Queen. In order to see better wee climbed the chairs; because of that I lost my balance and fell upon a Palikar, who screamed as if the walls of Jericho was about to fall [...] We had almost lost our clothes before we came out, the crowd pressed so much and the military was not able to maintain the order."
Christiane Lüth describes a number of well known contemporaries at court and in the city, of whom the majority belonged to the Western European colony of Athens, but also prominent Greeks. Among the people she described in her diary were the king's physician doctor Rosen, Filippos Ioannou, Sophie de Marbois-Lebrun, Duchess of Plaisance and Theoklitos Farmakidis.
References
1817 births
1900 deaths
Greek courtiers
19th-century Greek women
Danish diarists
19th-century Danish women writers
Women diarists
History of Greece (1832–1862)
19th century in Athens
Governesses
19th-century diarists
19th-century travel writers
The LEVC VN5 is a plug-in hybrid panel van produced since November 2020 by British electric vehicle manufacturer London EV Company (LEVC), a subsidiary of Chinese automobile company Geely.
Overview
The LEVC TX Hackney carriage was launched in 2017, as a plug-in hybrid range-extender electric vehicle. Geely announced its intentions to build electric commercial vehicles based on the LEVC TX.
Spy shots of a new LEVC TX-based van first surfaced on the internet in February 2018. Over a year later on June 19, 2019, an unnamed LEVC plug-in commercial van was revealed, which was later officially named the VN5 next year in March 2020, with "VN" standing for "van" and "5" referring to the 5 cubic metres (176.5 cu ft.) of cargo space.
The VN5 went on sale in the United Kingdom in November 2020 with a starting price of £46,500 ($64,335), and although eligible for the United Kingdom's plug-in hybrid van government grant of up to £8,000 ($11,068), it has a much higher overall cost than other compact electric vans available in the United Kingdom such as the Maxus e Deliver 3, Renault Kangoo ZE, and Nissan e-NV200. The VN5 has three available trim levels; Business, City, and Ultima. The LEVC VN5 went on sale for the rest of Europe in July 2021.
Specifications
Battery and engine
The LEVC VN5 has a 31kWh lithium-ion battery with a Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicles Test Procedure (WLTP)-certified electric range of , with 50 kW direct current rapid charging for the Business and City trims, allowing the battery to be fully charged in 30 minutes, and 22 kW alternating current fast charging for the Ultima trim. The van also uses three-cylinder petrol engine as a range extender, giving it a total range of .
Cargo
The VN5 has a maximum payload of for the Business trim, while the City and Ultima trims max out at and respectively. For cargo access, on the side is a single sliding door and in the back are 60/40 split rear doors.
Features
The VN5 comes standard with a collision avoidance system, cruise control, and a touchscreen, while a heated steering wheel, front and rear parking sensors, curtain airbags, and a lane departure warning system are available in the City and Ultima trim. Higher-quality seats and a backup camera are exclusive to the top-level Ultima trim.
LEVC e-Camper
The LEVC e-Camper is a camper van variant of the VN5. It was revealed in late June 2021 and will go on sale in Q4 2021 at a price of £62,250 ($86,458). It features an electric kitchenette, a rising roof, and a central folding table. The first row of the e-Camper has two seats that can swivel 180° and a second row bench seat which can slide back to form a dining/socializing room within the van.
References
External links
LEVC VN5 official website
LEVC e-Camper official website
Cars introduced in 2020
2020s cars
VN5
Retro-style automobiles
Fabian Vasile Teușan (born 31 October 1988) is a Romanian football player, currently playing for 1. SVG Gumpoldskirchen.
References
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sibiu
Romanian footballers
CSM Jiul Petroșani players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
CSM Reșița players
FC Academica Clinceni players
FC Gloria Buzău players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
FC Unirea Urziceni players
Association football midfielders
The multi-trials technique by Schneider et al. is employed for distributed algorithms and allows breaking of symmetry efficiently. Symmetry breaking is necessary, for instance, in resource allocation problems, where many entities want to access the same resource concurrently. Many message passing algorithms typically employ one attempt to break symmetry per message exchange. The multi-trials technique transcends this approach through employing more attempts with every message exchange.
For example, in a simple algorithm for computing an O(Δ) vertex coloring, where Δ denotes the maximum degree in the graph, every uncolored node randomly picks an available color and keeps it if no neighbor (concurrently) chooses the same color. For the multi-trials technique, a node gradually increases the number of chosen colors in every communication round. The technique can yield more than an exponential reduction in the required communication rounds. However, if the maximum degree Δ is small more efficient techniques exist, e.g. the (extended) coin-tossing technique by Richard Cole and Uzi Vishkin.
Notes
References
Graph theory
Graph coloring
Computational problems in graph theory
Piedade is an island village located in Ilhas (also known as Tiswadi), a northern district in the state of Goa, India, and named after Our Lady of Compassion. The name comes from the Portuguese word , which means "compassion". It lies 23 km east of the state capital, Panjim, between the taluks of Satari (to the north) and Ponda (to the south). Other nearby villages are Amona (3 km), Volvoi (3 km), Surla (4 km), Cudnem (4 km), Betqui, and Candola (5 km).
The local language is Konkani.
Churches
Nossa Senhora da Piedade Igreja
The Church of Our Lady of Compassion is located in Piedade. It was designed by a Goan priest in the early 18th century, and was the first Christian structure erected there. Also known as Our Lady of Piety.
Cemeteries
Piedade Cemetery
The cemetery is located near the Church of Our Lady of Compassion on the hilltop. Due to a lack of space, many artistic graves have been made here with niches in the walls for burying the dead. It also houses a chapel.
Schools
Our Lady of Divar School
Until the 20th century, the Lady of Divar School was the only school in the village. Due its red color, it was called Tambde Escola, or the 'Red School'.
Government
The village panchayat is located in Goltim-Navelim and is walking distance from the school of Our Lady.
See also
São Matias
Divar
References
Villages in North Goa district
Statistics of Division 2 for the 1927–28 season.
League standings
Division 2 Uppsvenska Serien 1927–28
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
No teams from Uppsvenska Serien were allowed to be promoted to Allsvenskan, due to both geographic and economic reasons.
Division 2 Mellansvenska Serien 1927–28
Division 2 Östsvenska Serien 1927–28
Division 2 Västsvenska Serien 1927–28
Division 2 Sydsvenska Serien 1927–28
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Adrian Constantin (born 22 April 1970) is a Romanian-Austrian mathematician who does research in the field of nonlinear partial differential equations. He is a professor at the University of Vienna and has made groundbreaking contributions to the mathematics of wave propagation. He is listed as an ISI Highly Cited Researcher with more than 160 publications and 11000 citations.
Life and career
Adrian Constantin was born in Timișoara, Romania, where he studied at the Nikolaus Lenau High School. He was later educated at the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis (BSc 1991, MSc 1992) and at New York University (NYU), where he got his PhD in 1996 under Henry McKean with the thesis "The Periodic Problem for the Camassa–Holm equation." He did post-doctoral work at the University of Basel and at the University of Zurich.
After a short period as a lecturer at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, he became a professor at the University of Lund in 2000, and then was Erasmus Smith's Professor of Mathematics at Trinity College Dublin (TCD) from 2004 to 2008, and was made a fellow in 2005. Since then he has been university professor for partial differential equations at the University of Vienna, and he has also had a chair at King's College London.
Constantin specializes in the role of mathematics in geophysics using nonlinear partial differential equations to mathematically model currents and waves in the oceans and in the atmosphere. These flows and waves play an important role in the El Niño climate phenomenon and in natural disasters such as tsunamis. His approach takes into account the fact that the surface of the earth is curved and the importance of the Coriolis force.
Awards and honors
2000: Highly Cited Researcher with more than 160 publications and 11000 citations
2005: Göran Gustafsson Prize from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
2007: Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research Prize from the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation
2009: Fluid Dynamics Research Prize from the Japan Society of Fluid Mechanics
2010: Advanced Grant from the European Research Council (ERC)
2012: Plenary lecture at the European Congress of Mathematicians (ECM) in Krakow
2020: Wittgenstein Award from The Austrian Ministry for Science
2022: Elected member of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, 16 March 2022
2022: Elected corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, 22 April 2022
Selected publications
papers
1998: Wave breaking for nonlinear nonlocal shallow water equations (with J. Escher), Acta Mathematica 181 229–243.
1999: A shallow water equation on the circle (with H. P. McKean), Comm. Pure Appl. Math. 52 949–982.
2000: Stability of peakons (with W. Strauss), Comm. Pure Appl. Math. 53 603–610.
2004: Exact steady periodic water waves with vorticity (with W. Strauss), Comm. Pure Appl. Math. 57 481–527.
2006: The trajectories of particles in Stokes waves, Invent. Math. 166 523–535.
2007: Global conservative solutions of the Camassa-Holm equation (with A. Bressan), Arch. Ration. Mech. Anal. 183 215–239.
2011: Analyticity of periodic traveling free surface water waves with vorticity (with J. Escher), Ann. of Math. 173 559–568.
2016: Global bifurcation of steady gravity water waves with critical layers (with W. Strauss and E. Varvaruca), Acta Mathematica 217 195–262.
2019: Equatorial wave-current interactions (with R. I. Ivanov), Comm. Math. Phys. 370 1–48.
2022: On the propagation of nonlinear waves in the atmosphere (with R. S. Johnson), Proceedings of the Royal Society A 478 (2260), 20210895
2022: Stratospheric planetary flows from the perspective of the Euler equation on a rotating sphere (with P. Germain), Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis.
Books
"Nonlinear Water Waves with Applications to Wave-Current Interactions and Tsunamis", Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, Philadelphia, 2011,
"Fourier Analysis. Part 1. Theory", London Mathematical Society, Cambridge University Press, 2016,
References
External links
Adrian Constantin's homepage
Literature by and about Adrian Constantin in the catalog of the German National Library
Austrian mathematicians
Romanian mathematicians
Mathematical analysts
PDE theorists
Fluid dynamicists
Academics of Trinity College Dublin
Fellows of Trinity College Dublin
Professorships at King's College London
University of Vienna faculty
New York University alumni
University of Nice alumni
People from Timișoara
Romanian emigrants to Austria
1970 births
Living people
The Aero Synergie Papango (named for the New Zealand scaup, known in Māori as the papango) is a French ultralight aircraft that was produced by Sauper/ALMS and later by Aero Synergie. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction and as a ready-to-fly complete aircraft. It is no longer in production as of 2012.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two seats in side-by-side configuration enclosed open cockpit, conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft's span wing employs a single strut per side. The standard engine available was the Rotax 912 four-stroke powerplant. The Papango is noted for its good visibility and crew comfort.
Operational history
Designed for personal use the Papango has also found employment in flight training.
Specifications (Papango)
References
1990s French ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Papango
High-wing aircraft
Yoddamrong Sithyodthong (; February 15, 1981 – September 3, 2011), also known as Yoddamrong Singwangcha (), was a Thai professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2007 and held the WBA super-bantamweight title in 2002.
Biography and career
Born in Uthai Thani province in upper central Thailand, Yoddamrong who was nicknamed Oh, used to fight Muay Thai before with grand master Yodtong "Kru Tui" Senanan as a trainer.
When switching to professional he was under the stable of popular promoter Songchai Rattanasuban.
He was short-lived as the world champion after over 12 rounds with Yober Ortega the Venezuelan titleholder in Nakhon Ratchasima province on February 21, 2002. After that, he lost it immediately in the first defense in Saitama, Japan with the local challenger Osamu Sato on May 18, the same year. He lost by knockout in the eighth round. Yoddamrong is regarded as Thailand's 32nd world champion, but is the shortest reigning the title at just two months and 27 days. He is considered the first Thai to win the championship in this weight class and this organization before Somsak Sithchatchawal in 2006 and Poonsawat Kratingdaenggym in 2009.
He also had the opportunity to challenge the world champion again in same weight class with the French-Iranian holder Mahyar Monshipour on November 8, 2004 in Paris, France, but was defeated by knockout in the sixth round.
Before retiring in 2007, he had lost twice to fellow Thai the undefeated Chonlatarn Piriyapinyo in 2006 and the following year for ABCO featherweight champion.
Life after boxing and death
After leaving the boxing industry, he worked as a truck driver for a brand of energy drink. He lives alone with his wife at the rental room in Bang Lamung, Chonburi province, his wife native. He was suffering from chronic lung disease from heavy smoking. Yoddamrong had an accident with his head hitting the floor in the bathroom on September 1, 2011, two days later, at 4:40 pm, he died at the age of just 30.
See also
List of WBA world champions
List of world super-bantamweight boxing champions
References
External links
Yoddamrong Sithyodthong
1981 births
2011 deaths
Yoddamrong Sithyodthong
Yoddamrong Sithyodthong
World Boxing Association champions
Super-bantamweight boxers
Featherweight boxers
Deaths from falls
SAS Spioenkop (F147) is the third of four s for the South African Navy built by the European South African Corvette Consortium. She was named by Ms Thandi Modise, the then Chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Defence, in Hamburg, Germany, on 4 June 2003.
Construction
They were manufactured by the European South African Corvette Consortium (ESACC), consisting of the German Frigate Consortium (Blohm+Voss, Thyssen Rheinstahl and Howaldtswerke Deutsche Werf), African Defence Systems (part of the French Thales Group defence company) and a number of South African companies.
The ships were built to the MEKO modular design concept, and they are designated by the manufacturer as the MEKO A-200SAN class. Some controversy exists as to the class type of the vessel, with both the manufacturer and the South African Navy referring to her as a "corvette", but other similar vessels in other navies being referred to as frigates. Some have claimed that the use of the word corvette was a political decision made by the South African government to ease criticism of the procurement of the vessels.
SAS Spioenkop was built at the Blohm + Voss shipyards in Hamburg, Germany, and arrived in South Africa on 31 May 2004.
Namesake
As with all the other ships of the Valour class, Spioenkop is named after a famous South African battle or instance of great valour. In this case the famous Battle of Spion Kop between the Boers and Britain, during the Anglo-Boer War.
Notable deployments
Exercise Whippet
The South African Navy conducted its first combined tactical Exocet missile firing exercise when the frigates, SAS Spioenkop and SAS Mendi, fired two missiles (one from each frigate) at MFV Azalea, an old fishing trawler donated to the SA Navy by I&J fishing company for use a target ship. The firing was conducted on 28 June 2007 in Exercise Area Pandora, south of Cape Point.
Exercise Dolphin 2008
A joint naval exercise between Ghana and South Africa. The following ships were involved in the exercise, SAS Spioenkop and the Ghanaian Naval vessels Anzone, Bonsu, Yogaga, Sero and Achimota. Activities included simulated opposed and unopposed boarding, fleet work as well as rescue assist. To add to this schedule there was a contingent of Ghanaian media representatives on board, who were ferried between the different vessels.
Exercise Greenpoint 2008
This was an exercise in preparation for the FIFA 2010 World Cup Soccer tournament, as part of Operation KGWELA. A combined exercise with SANDF and SAPS personnel took place over the period 13 to 19 March 2008 in Cape Town to formalise the air defence concept for the tournament.
Operation Caraway 2008
The ship conducted a three-month, six-country visit to the Far East. Spioenkop visited Singapore from 3–8 October, Shanghai in the People's Republic of China from 16–20 October, Kota Kinabalu in Malaysia from 25–29 October, Ho Chi Minh City in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 31 October to 5 November), Cochin in India from 14–20 November and Port Louis in Mauritius from 26 November to 1 December. The ship conducted naval exercises with the Singaporean Navy, the People's Liberation Army Navy of the People's Republic of China, the Indian Navy and the Mauritian Coast Guard. The ship's company also engaged in various diplomatic related activities with all the countries visited.
FIFA World Cup 2010
SAS Spioenkop patrolled the coast during the 2010 FIFA World Cup and provided its radar for anti-aircraft surveillance to boost security for the event.
IBSAMAR II trilateral exercises 2010
SAS Spioenkop took part in the trilateral exercise along with ships from the South African, Indian and Brazilian navies.
Exercise Red Lion
Held annually, Exercise Red Lion is run by Fleet Command and concentrates its efforts on preparing all available vessels for future Force Employment as a Task Group. The latest exercise was held between 4 and 15 March 2013 around Cape Town.
Exercise Shared Accord 2013
SAS Spioenkop participated in a beach landing exercise on 29 July as part of the bilateral Exercise Shared Accord between the United States and South Africa.
Interop West Deployment 2013
The ship conducted a six-week Military Diplomatic Mission to the West Coast of Africa from October to November. She visited Namibia, Angola, Nigeria, Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and Senegal.
Operation Copper 2013-2014
The ship conducted a five-month anti-piracy mission in the Mozambique Channel from 28 December 2013 to 14 May 2014. The mission for Operation Copper is to provide maritime security and prevent piracy in the Mozambique Channel. The vessel was relieved by the offshore patrol vessel .
Refit 2022
After the ship returned from her deployment on Operation Vikela as part of the SADC Mission in Mozambique, Spioenkop was scheduled to enter an extensive maintenance period.
References
Valour-class frigates
Ships built in Hamburg
2003 ships
Frigates of the South African Navy
Military units and formations in Cape Town
Thymopentin is an immunostimulant. As such, it has been used in several clinical studies in the early years of the AIDS pandemic (from 1983 to 1985). Thymopentin helped to improve immunological condition in several patients for a brief time under specific treatments.
It interacts with T cells.
It is a thymic polypeptide.
References
Peptides
Immunostimulants
China Film Giant Screen (CFGS) is a Chinese premium large film format company. The company was previously known as DMAX, with the name also referring to the film technology. It has been described as a competitor to IMAX Corporation and its IMAX film format. The company is owned by China Film Group Corporation.
History
The CFGS format was apparently developed by the China Research Institute of Film Science & Technology and the China Film Group Corporation. It was created in an attempt to challenge the IMAX film format that dominated the premium large format movie market until that point. The aim was to lower costs and to allow the development of Chinese film projection technology using indigenous Chinese technology and intellectual property.
The format was put into commercial use in 2012.
Lawsuit
IMAX sued CFGS and related companies for theft of intellectual property; this court action was heard on 18 June 2014. IMAX alleged that Gary Tsui (Chinese name: Cui Xiaoyu, 崔晓宇), a former employee that worked for IMAX from 1999-2009, stole confidential information on proprietary technology and set up competing businesses. Despite a court injunction it was noted that Gary Tsui had ignored the court orders, and his businesses had evolved into a venture known as DMAX, later to change its name to CFGS. In 2014 IMAX won a court victory in Canada upholding that Tsui had stolen the technology to build up his competing company. IMAX hoped that the Canadian court victory would allow successful legal action in China. IMAX and CFGS's lawsuit finally reached a settlement, and IMAX canceled the lawsuit against the defendant(Gary Tsui).
Technical properties
Standard screen size for DMAX is 20x12 meters (for comparison IMAX is at least 22x16 meters).
See also
IMAX Corporation
IMAX film format
China Film Group Corporation
References
External links
Ontario Superior Court of Justice document summarising IMAX court action against Gary Tsui
PDF scan of United States District Court lawsuit against Gary Tsui
Premium large format movie formats
Leaf from a Manichaean book MIK III 4959 is a fragment of Manichaean manuscripts collected in Germany Berlin Asian Art Museum, drawn during the 8th-9th centuries, Was discovered in Xinjiang by German Turpan expedition team in the early 20th century. The remaining page is 8.2 cm long and 11.0 cm wide, with slender painting illustrations on both sides.
Description
Front
There are six rows of text written in red letters on the right side of the front of the leftover page. The illustration on the left depicts two demons kneeling on a red and yellow lotus platform. Although the figure on the left seems to be wearing a wrinkled cloth costume, it is actually a set of exquisite hard uniforms. He put his right hand on a tomahawk and raised his left hand to speak. The eyes are big and prominent, hook nose, curly beard, and the fangs in his mouth confirm his devil status. He has a red headlight on the back of his head, with long black hair draped over his shoulders, wearing a white turban and a gorgeous golden crown, topped with feathers. Compared to the lean figure on the left, the one on the right is fat. He is naked, with only a gold and green waistcloth tied around his waist, and a red belt diagonally over his left shoulder. He held up a golden plate with a green strange fish in it with his right hand; he held it up with his left hand to speak. The back of his head has a green head, dark gray hair and a thick beard are connected by the sideburns, and the crescent sun wheel decoration can be seen on the ring-shaped golden crown. The wide-open eyes conveyed the intimidation and sinister meaning, confirming his identity as a devil.
Below the devil's image can be seen two remaining purplish-red headlights, part of the hair, and headdresses, which may be two gods, and the three-petal flower sticks in their hands are also clearly visible.
Back
There is only one illustration on the back of the broken page, which is incomplete. On the right side of the illustration stands a naked man with only a white loincloth around his waist. He spread his hands drooping, his whole body tilted back slightly, conveying a feeling of nervousness. There are two footprints on the ground in the middle of the picture, and there is a bunch of green grass above the footprints. Standing on the left side of the grass bundle is a man with his hands tied behind his back. He is also naked, wearing only a waistcloth and a bull's head on his chest. On the far left of the screen, a man in a red robe looks at each other with his hands tied up. The man in the red robe holds a white stick in his right hand and raises his exaggerated index finger with his left hand, which seems to be in the same hands. The bound man talks. Judging from the overall image characteristics, the posture of the man in the red robe conveys a warning or admonition.
Hungary Religious historian and Mani-teacher Gábor Kósa pointed out that the German religious scholar first proposed this illustration The description should be a trial scene, in which the man in the red robe is a judge. This view was accepted by the Hungarian Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi, but she made a new interpretation of some details. Kang Gaobao also compared this illustration with the trial scene in Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation They all portrayed the same theme-two naked men were on trial before a judge.
References
Manichaean art
Manichaean art of East Central Asia
Chinese manuscripts
Illuminated manuscripts
Mphasis Limited is an Indian multinational information technology services and consulting company based in Bangalore. The company provides infrastructure technology and applications outsourcing services, as well as architecture guidance, application development and integration, and application management services. It serves financial services, telecom, logistics, and technology industries. Mphasis was ranked #7 in India IT companies and overall #189 by Fortune India 500 in 2019. In April 2016, Hewlett Packard Enterprise sold the majority of its stake in Mphasis to Blackstone Group LP for around US$1 billion.
History
Formation and early years
Mphasis was formed in June 2000 after the merger of the US-based IT consulting company Mphasis Corporation (founded in 1998 in Santa Monica by Jerry Rao and Jeroen Tas.) and the Indian IT services company BFL Software Limited (founded in 1992).
In June 2006 Electronic Data Systems (EDS) purchased a controlling stake in the company (42%) for $380 million and operated the company as an independent EDS unit.
As a Hewlett-Packard company
On 13 May 2008, Hewlett-Packard confirmed that it had reached a deal with Electronic Data Systems to acquire the company for $13.9 billion. The deal was completed on 26 August 2008.
In September 2009 Mphasis changed its brand identity by dropping EDS association to become "Mphasis, an HP Company" after HP retired EDS Brand to become "HP Enterprise Services". Mphasis operated as an independent HP subsidiary with its own board and continued to be listed on Indian markets as "Mphasis Limited". HP owned close to 62% in Mphasis and Mphasis got around 50% of its revenues from HP.
Mphasis marked $1 billion in revenues and registered a consolidated revenue of Rs 50.37 billion ($1,099.3 million) for the year ended 31 October 2010 becoming the sixth Indian IT company to do that.
In February 2014, Mphasis changed its logo and the brand name as Mphasis Unleash the Next, seeking to boost business other than from parent Hewlett-Packard, its largest client.
On 30 June 2015, Mphasis announced the signing of a definitive agreement to transfer a significant portion of its domestic business, to Hinduja Global Solutions (HGS). On 10 July 2015, Mphasis announced it will move 2,000 employees to Karvy Data Management Services Ltd (KDMSL) as part of a deal signed to partially sell its domestic outsourcing business to Karvy.
Under Blackstone Group
In 2016, after Hewlett-Packard announced plans to sell its controlling stakes in Mphasis, three companies Tech Mahindra, Apollo Global Management and Blackstone Group entered the race to acquire Mphasis. Tech Mahindra emerged as the frontrunner before it decided to pull out in order to avoid a bidding war with other companies. In April 2016, it was announced that Blackstone had acquired 84 percent of Hewlett-Packard's stake in Mphasis in a deal worth between $1825 million and $2.32 billion.
On 29 January 2017, Nitin Rakesh joined Mphasis as the chief executive officer and director. On 7 Aug 2018 Mphasis Board announced buyback offer for its shareholders at an approximate premium of 17.4%.
In April 2021, Blackstone committed up to $2.8 billion to acquire controlling stake in Mphasis. A wholly owned subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), UC Investments and other long-term investors will be co-investing along with Blackstone.
Services
Mphasis provides Information Technology (IT) services, including business process outsourcing, infrastructure technology, and application services. The application services offered by the company includes application development, maintenance and support. The markets served by the company are financial services and insurance, healthcare, manufacturing, government, transportation, communications, and consumer and retail industries.
Offices
Mphasis has more than 60 sales and delivery centers in 19 countries with delivery centers in India, China, Australia, North America, UK, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia, Tunisia, Mauritius, New Zealand, Taiwan, Mexico, Costa Rica,Taiwan and Europe. In India it has presence with operations in Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Noida and Mangalore.
Acquisitions
Navion Software, China (2002)
Kshema Technologies, Bangalore, India (2004)
Onida Infotech Services (Mirc Electronics SAP Division), Mumbai, India (2004)
Princeton Consulting, UK (2005)
Eldorado Computing, US (2005)
AIG Systems Solutions, India (2009)
Fortify Infrastructure Services, US (2010)
Wyde Corporation, US (2011)
Digital Risk LLC, US (2012)
Stelligent, US (2018)
Datalytyx (2020)
Blink UX (2021)
Mergers
BFL Software and MphasiS (March 2001)
See also
List of IT consulting firms
List of Indian IT companies
Electronic Data Systems
Hewlett-Packard
HP Enterprise Services
References
External links
Business process outsourcing companies of India
Software companies of India
The Blackstone Group companies
2000 establishments in Karnataka
Indian companies established in 2000
Software companies established in 2000
Companies listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
The Église Saint-Maurice is a church on rue de Paris, in the historic centre of Lille, northern France. Its construction began at the end of the 14th century and completed at the end of the 19th century, and it was extended over more than four centuries. A hall church in the Gothic style, it was made a monument historique in 1914.
Gallery
Stained Glass
Statues
References
External links
Official site
Official site of the mairie de Lille : Église Saint Maurice
Maurice
Monuments historiques of Nord (French department)
Déborah François (; born 24 May 1987) is a Belgian actress. She is best known for her starring role in the Palme d'Or-winning film, The Child (2005), directed by the Dardenne brothers. In 2009, she won a César Award for Most Promising Actress for The First Day of the Rest of Your Life.
Early life
Déborah François was born in Rocourt, Liège, a provincial town of Belgium. She is the daughter of a policeman and a social worker, and the second of their three children.
Career
François grew up in Liège, which is in the French-speaking area of Belgium, and in 2005 she was discovered by two film producers (Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne) who gave her the principal female part in their film entitled L'Enfant – The Child. The film takes place not far from François's home town in the run-down industrial town of Seraing, features a young couple, Bruno and Sonia. The couple live off social security benefits and the proceeds of Bruno's robberies – he is the head of a gang of thieves. When Sonia gives birth to a baby, Bruno cold-bloodedly sells their child to a dealer for a few thousand euros. This film was awarded the Palme d'Or at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
After her début as an actress she left school and plunged into her next film in Denis Dercourt's Thriller La Tourneuse de pages - The Page Turner in 2006 which brought her further acclaim. In the film she plays the cool and calculating butcher's daughter Mélanie, who takes her revenge on the middle classes. Years before, she thought that her promising career as a pianist had been ruined by the carelessness of a famous pianist and member of a jury (played by Catherine Frot), so she now takes her revenge. Through a stroke of luck she manages to insert herself into the family unnoticed as a baby sitter and page turner. In this film François mimes the part of Mélanie, which won her special acclaim from the critics and for which she was nominated for a César Award in 2007.
In 2009, François won a César Award for her role as Fleur in The First Day of the Rest of Your Life. In that same year, she was also awarded the Romy-Schneider Prize and starred in the film My Queen Karo opposite Matthias Schoenaerts. She then starred in the 2010 film Mes chères études, (later re-titled Student Services), about a university student who turns to prostitution to pay bills. In 2013, she was nominated for the Magritte Award for Best Actress for Les Tribulations d'une caissière. In 2014, she was nominated for Populaire and in 2015 she was nominated for Maestro.
Personal life
François lives in Paris, France, after growing up in Liège, Belgium, where she attended the same high school as fellow actress Marie Gillain, who also features in Les Femmes de l'Ombre (as Suzy Desprez, while she assumes the role of Gaëlle Lemenech).
François said after the film L'Enfant: "My life changed completely. Before 'L'Enfant,' I thought, 'I'm this lucky girl who is going to make a movie, but that's going to be the only movie I'll ever make.' I had never even been to Paris before, and all of a sudden I'm around the world with festivals. It was very different from high school."
Audrey Hepburn, Lauren Bacall, and Grace Kelly are three of her favorite classic actresses. She was in a brief relationship with Mario Casas in 2020.
Filmography
Film
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Belgian film actresses
Actors from Liège
21st-century Belgian actresses
Most Promising Actress César Award winners
Herman Solberg Nilsen (born 30 April 1999) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Fram, on loan from Sandefjord.
Career
He started his youth career in Nanset IF. In the summer of 2018 he was loaned out from Sandefjord to crisis-stricken third-tier club IF Fram Larvik. The loan continued in 2019. 2020-season he was loaned out to Kongsvinger. Solberg Nilsen did only play 5 matches for Kongsvinger. In 2021 he returned to his hometown on a loan to club Fram Larvik.
References
1999 births
Living people
People from Larvik
Norwegian footballers
Eliteserien players
Sandefjord Fotball players
IF Fram Larvik players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Norway youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Vestfold og Telemark
Bulkington is a village and civil parish in the county of Wiltshire, England. The village is about west of Devizes and a similar distance southeast of Melksham.
The northern boundary of the parish is the Summerham Brook, and the Semington Brook is the boundary to the west and south.
Bulkington was one of the villages featured in the 2003 BBC2 television documentary A Country Parish.
History
This brief history of Bulkington has been taken mainly from editions of the journal of the Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Society.
Excavations at Lawn Farm in 1994 have uncovered evidence of periodic occupation from the 12th century onwards, with a first mention in historical records in 1217 (77 1997). There is also physical evidence of pre-medieval human activity represented by a tiny assemblage of worked flint, possibly Mesolithic or Neolithic in date and a sherd of Roman pot (90 1997).
Aligned ENE-WSW and flanked by two brooks, Bulkington brook to the east and Semington Brook to the west, the village was initially formed within the manor of Edington. Edington Church contains a monument/tomb in the south transept, ascribed to Thomas Bulkington – rebus Boc-in-tun, the Boc signifying a beech tree (xlvii 1939). The addition of the –ton has also been attributed to an organised community that probably occupied pastured land after Domesday Book was published in 1086, whose records suggest that the area where Bulkington lies was woodland (xlviii 1939).
It is feasible that Thomas Bulkington may have been the donor of the original manor circa 1244 (90 1997) situated opposite the present-day church (linked with Manor Farm and the fieldworks behind it), and tithes of Bulkington before he joined the convent. His presence in the area is consolidated as a witness to the transfer of Keevil church to the monastery in 1393 (xlvii 1937; xx1982; xxxii 1902).
The Lambeth Parliamentary Surveys of 1649 state that Bulkington was part of Keevil parish, paying tithes to Holy Trinity of Winchester. The monastery had a manor, a farm, customary rents and a rectorial tithe (xx 1982). Throughout time, Bulkington has had links with local gentry such as the Fitzlans, Earls of Arundel, the Stourton family, Richard Vere, the Earl of Oxford and Thomas Barkesdale (xx 1882) .
The layout of the village suggests two initial focal points, 'The Cross' monument and Christ Church, highlighting a separation between worship and trade in the village.
The foundation of a church in Bulkington is steeped in tradition with many claiming of a pre-reformation church in the New Leys Field, (possibly near Seend), which is said to have donated a bell to Steeple Ashton when it was pulled down (xxxix 1917). It is possible that there was another unofficial church, possibly a temporary structure in Bulkington that may explain the notion of the other church (xxxii). However, the historical records suggest that there was no church until 1860 when Chamberline made Bulkington a separate parish, later becoming a civil parish in the 1880s (90 1997), and erected the present day structure in an enclosure formerly known as Damers Close dating back to 1769 (90 1997).
The Cross monument, opposite the public house, originally consisted just of the present steps later used as the base for the cross. The cross itself was erected as the 20th-century War Memorial. Its origins are unknown although a report presented in 1903 may shed light on this when it describes a monument cross, recorded in the churchyard in Bulkington (xxxiii 1904). The Cross was formerly a meet for the trading of sheep. This idea of a local market may suggest an agricultural link with the woollen towns of Steeple Ashton and Trowbridge and other surrounding market centres at Devizes, Melksham and Westbury.
There is evidence of cloth factories at Bulkington (64 1969) at Mill House, at the bottom of Mill Lane previously known as Bulkington or Gayford Mill. This was a fulling mill where woollens were finished and cleansed through scouring and beating circa 1486; there were clothiers in 1524 and with the intervention of the Industrial Revolution, a tucking mill and gig mill in 1730 (64 1969). The closure of the mill can be attributed to evidence in 1831 of a cloth "factory" closing in the parish (64 1969).
Evidence of an occupying workforce comes from the study of historical maps by AC Archaeology. These indicated two possible house platforms, with other earthworks including a pond, adjacent to a holloway connecting them to Brass Pan Bridge (near the present-day playing field) pre-dating 1773 (88 1995).
Excavations have also uncovered post-Roman pottery from a number of sources including Crockerton near Warminster; Savernake Forest, Marlborough; Laverstock and Verwood near Salisbury, and Bath (90 1997); thus indicating other movements and occupation in and around Bulkington. There are several green lanes now used as bridle paths that run close to the village including The Drove that extends to Marston, Worton and Erlestoke. The lane that leads to the Drove, across Brass Pan Bridge, carried on itself to the former hamlet known as Folly Green. There are also other tracks towards Keevil and the surrounding area (xxxiii 1904). With a possible pottery production centre at Potterne and the proximity to the River Avon at Melksham, joined by the aforementioned brooks, Bulkington was in no means isolated. This is exemplified by several examples of folklore from the village including links with the giant said to have lived at the Barge Inn, Seend Cleeve, and "Turpin's Stone" which lies by Pentry Bridge, depicting an inscription said to have run:
"Dick Turpin's dead and gone,
This stone's put here to think upon." (xxxix 1917)
Bulkington was a tithing of the ancient parish of Keevil until 1866, when it was made a separate civil parish.
During the 19th century a dairy centre was the main industry in the village, on a site south of the main street where The Close now lies. In the 1960s the site was sold by the London Dairy Cooperative to Campbell-Gray, a plant hire company.
Religious sites
A small Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built at the east end of the village in 1816. It closed in 1966 and the building became the village hall.
Christ Church, the Anglican church at the west end of the village, was built in 1860 to designs of T. Cundy. Before this church was built, worshippers attended Keevil or Poulshot. The new church was a chapel of ease to the church at Keevil until 1971, when the parish was united with Seend, and since 1995 it has been part of the united benefice of Seend, Bulkington and Poulshot.
Amenities
There is a village hall and a pub, The Well (named the Tipsy Toad until 2009).
The parish has never had a formal school, beyond cottage schools in the 19th century. The nearest primary schools are at Keevil and Seend.
References
External links
Bulkington Parish Council
Villages in Wiltshire
Civil parishes in Wiltshire
Paul Puk Kun Pal (born 12 February 2000) is a South Sudanese footballer who plays as a central defender for South Korean club Yangju Citizen and the South Sudan national team.
Club career
Pal began his career at South Sudanese club Munuki. In June 2019, he joined compatriot Martin Sawi at South Korean club Goyang Citizen. Ahead of the 2020 K3 League, Pal joined Sawi at Yangju Citizen.
International career
In November 2018, Pal represented South Sudan's under-23 team against Uganda. On 17 November 2019, Pal made his debut for South Sudan in a 2–1 loss against Burkina Faso.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
South Sudanese footballers
South Sudan international footballers
Association football defenders
South Sudanese expatriate footballers
South Sudanese expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
K3 League players
İkizce, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Twelve Mile Creek or Twelvemile Creek may refer to:
Twelvemile Creek (Missouri), a stream in Missouri
Twelve Mile Creek (Ontario), a waterway located in the Niagara Peninsula of Ontario, Canada with headwaters in Pelham, Ontario
Twelvemile Creek (Pennsylvania), a tributary of Lake Erie located in Erie County, Pennsylvania, USA
Twelvemile Creek (South Dakota), a stream in South Dakota
Bronte Creek, also known as Twelve Mile Creek, a waterway in Hamilton, and Halton regions, Ontario, Canada
State Trooper is an American crime drama set in the American West of the 1950s, starring Rod Cameron as Lt. Rod Blake, an officer/chief investigator of the Nevada Department of Public Safety. The series aired 104 episodes in syndication from 1956 to 1959.
Overview
State Trooper is based in Las Vegas, Reno, and Carson City, Nevada, but was filmed by Revue Studios at Iverson Movie Ranch in Chatsworth in Los Angeles County in California. Its fictional stories focus upon miners, ranchers, dude ranches, released convicts, and murder mysteries, often with surprise endings.
The series pilot entitled "Killer on a Horseback" starring Rod Cameron aired in February 1956 on an episode of the NBC anthology series Star Stage.
Robert Armstrong appeared in 24 episodes as Sheriff Andy Anderson, who developed a good working relationship with Cameron's character, Blake. Don Haggerty played Sheriff Elder in nine episodes in the 1956-1957 season. Paul Stader appeared five times in the 1958-1959 season as Deputy Sheriff Jim Wallace. Tom Greenway appeared in four episodes as Sheriff Bronson: "Stay Lost, Little Girl", "Dangerous Honeymoon", "Full Circle", and "Death on Wheels".
Blake carried a "Detective Special" revolver.
Episodes
Season 1 (1956–57)
Season 2 (1957–58)
Season 3: 1959
Guest stars
Claude Akins
Jack Albertson
Merry Anders
Raymond Bailey
Barbara Bain
Herschel Bernardi
Amanda Blake
Whitney Blake
Jean Byron
James Coburn
Miriam Colon
Mike Connors
Russ Conway
Dabbs Greer
Frank De Vol
Angie Dickinson
Mason Alan Dinehart
Richard Farnsworth
Frank Ferguson
Constance Ford
Beverly Garland
Vivi Janiss
Carolyn Jones
DeForest Kelley
Jack Kelly
Wright King
Michael Landon
Joyce Meadows
Burt Mustin
Jeanette Nolan
Denver Pyle
Gloria Saunders
Vito Scotti
Robert F. Simon
Olan Soule
Craig Stevens
Hope Summers
Nita Talbot
Constance Towers
Lee Van Cleef
Robert Vaughn
John Vivyan
Home media
Timeless Media Group released the complete first season on DVD in Region 1 on December 14, 2010. The complete second and third seasons were released together in a six-disc set on December 13, 2011.
On September 23, 2014, Timeless Media Group released State Trooper - The Complete Series on DVD in Region 1. The 11-disc set contains all 104 episodes of the series.
References
External links
1956 American television series debuts
1959 American television series endings
1950s American crime drama television series
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Television shows set in Nevada
Television series by Universal Television
1950s Western (genre) television series
Erigeron velutipes is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names delicate fleabane and Chihuahuan fleabane.
It is native to northern and southwestern Mexico, including in the states of Sonora, Nayarit, Michoacán, and Jalisco) and just over the United States border into Santa Cruz County, Arizona.
Erigeron velutipes grows in moist locations near springs. It is an annual herb up to 20 centimeters (8 inches) tall, producing a taproot. The inflorescence is made up of 1-3 flower heads per stem. Each head contains 50–75; white or blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
velutipes
Flora of Northeastern Mexico
Flora of Northwestern Mexico
Flora of Southwestern Mexico
Flora of Arizona
Flora of the Mexican Plateau
Flora of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Plants described in 1841
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Rostovtsev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Rostovtseva. It may refer to
Michael Rostovtzeff (1870–1952), Soviet historian
Mikhail Rostovtsev (actor) (1872-1948), Soviet opera singer and actor
Pavel Rostovtsev (born 1971), Russian biathlete
Yakov Rostovtsev (1803–1860), Russian military officer and statesman
Russian-language surnames
Samut Songkhram Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Samut Songkhram Province, Thailand. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Samutsongkhram F.C. of Thai League 2. The stadium holds 6,000 people.
Football venues in Thailand
Samut Songkhram province
Baji Rout (5 October 1926 11 October 1938) was the youngest Indian freedom fighter and martyr, having been killed at the age of twelve. He was born on 5 October 1926. Rout, who was a boat boy, was shot by British police when he refused to ferry them across the Brahmani River on the night of 11 October 1938 at Nilakanthapur Ghat, Bhuban, Dhenkanal district.
Baji Rout was the youngest son of a boatman on the Brahmani river. As an active member of the Banar Sena of Prajamandal (Party of People), he had volunteered to keep watch by the river at night. The British Police force ordered him to cross the river by his boat which he denied. The police force then fired upon Baji Rout along with Laxman Malik, Fagu Sahoo, Hrushi Pradhan and Nata Malik.
He was born on 5 October 1926 as the youngest son of Hari Rout and Rania Devi in the village Nilakanthapur in the then state of Dhenkanal. He lost his father in his childhood. Her mother who was earning a living by grinding and husking paddy at a quern in the neighborhood was unable to spend anything on his education. He had two elder brothers who also earned very little to support the family.
Bibliography
Sachidananda Routray, Jnanpith Award winning poet has written a poem Baji Rout. The poem starts like this:
" ନୁହେଁ ବନ୍ଧୁ, ନୁହେଁ ଏହା ଚିତା ,
ଏ ଦେଶ ତିମିର ତଳେ
ଏ ଅଲିଭା ମୁକତି ସଳିତା। "
Which in English means:
"It is not a pyre, O Friends! When the country is in dark despair, it is the light of our liberty. It is our freedom-fire."
Films
"Baji Rout: India's Youngest Freedom Fighter", a docu drama which portrays Rout's entire life journey as a freedom fighter and ultimately his encounter with the British. This Hindi short film on Baji Rout titled : "Baji Rout:India's youngest freedom fighter", was made by a group of students, directed by Riyyan Farooq and Diksha Nayak, produced by Candid Cinema. 15 September 2018.
References
1926 births
1938 deaths
People from Dhenkanal district
Indian independence activists from Odisha
Executed revolutionaries
Executed Indian people
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
Indian revolutionaries
People from Odisha
Adrasan, also known as Çavuşköy, is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey. A collection of smaller villages and hamlets, Adrasan extends along a 2.5-Kilometer stretch of coast - most of which is sand and shingle beach. The settlements of this coastal section of Adrasan are almost exclusively dedicated to the tourism industry, with a number of pension style hotels, apartments and restaurants. Moving further inland, agricultural activity is visible in the lowland areas, as well as residential rural settlement.
The surrounding Adrasan Bay is known for its natural environment, and is also a common fishing spot among locals. Boat trips are available daily during the summer months, taking tourists along Antalya's mountainous coastal region. Visibility in these waters can reach up to 25 meters on a clear day, making it popular with swimmers and snorkelers. The area is positioned along the Lycian Way, and is less than half a day's walk from the eternal flames at Mount Chimaera and the lighthouse at Cape Gelidonya (both part of the Olympus national park). Consequently, a number of hikers stop there during the summer months.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Best Moves is the first compilation album by Chris de Burgh, released by A&M Records in 1981. It includes songs from his first five studio albums as well as new tracks, "Every Drop of Rain" and "Waiting for the Hurricane". It was the first de Burgh album to chart in the UK, entering on 12 September 1981, peaking at number 65 and staying on the chart for four weeks.
Track listing
All songs written by Chris de Burgh.
"The Traveller" – 4:09
"Every Drop of Rain" (previously unreleased) – 3:33
"In a Country Churchyard [Let Your Love Shine On]" – 3:52
"Patricia the Stripper" – 3:30
"Satin Green Shutters" – 5:02
"Spanish Train" – 5:00
"Waiting for the Hurricane" (previously unreleased) – 4:11
"Broken Wings" (live version) – 3:20
"Lonely Sky" – 3:52
"A Spaceman Came Travelling" – 5:10
"Crusader" – 8:48
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
The Official Chris de Burgh Website
Chris de Burgh albums
1981 greatest hits albums
A&M Records compilation albums
Asian Highway 66 (AH66) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running from Qarasu Border Port, Xinjiang, China to Dushanbe, Tajkistan connecting AH4 (Chinese Road 314 (Karakoram Highway)) to Dushanbe. The route is as follows:
China
Qarasu Border Port
Tajikistan
РБ-04 РБ-04 Road : Kulma Pass - Murghab - Khorugh - Kalaikhumb - Vahdat - Dushanbe
Asian Highway Network
Roads in Tajikistan
Roads in China
Roads in Xinjiang
Örencik is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey. To differentiate it from the other nearby Örencik village in the District of Kazan, people in the area call Örencik "Çakmak Örencik", while calling the other village "Leblebi Örencik."
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The 2011 Campeonato Sudamericano Copa América, better known as the 2011 Copa América or the Copa América 2011 Argentina, was the 43rd edition of the Copa América, the main international football tournament for national teams in South America. The competition was organized by CONMEBOL, South America's football governing body, and was held in Argentina from 1 to 24 July. The draw for the tournament was held in La Plata on 11 November 2010.
Uruguay won the tournament after defeating Paraguay 3–0 in the final, giving them a record 15th Copa América title and their first since 1995. Paraguay, as the tournament runner-up, earned the Copa Bolivia; Paraguay's performance was noteworthy, as they were able to reach the finals without winning a single game in the tournament; their success in the final stages was achieved by the way of penalty shoot-outs. Brazil were the defending champions but were eliminated by Paraguay in the quarter-finals after failing to convert any of the penalties. As the tournament champion, Uruguay earned the right to represent CONMEBOL in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, held in Brazil. Peru finished third after defeating Venezuela 4–1 in the third-place match.
Competing nations
Both Japan and Mexico were invited to join the CONMEBOL nations in the tournament. Following a proposal by UEFA regarding national teams competing in tournaments organised by confederations different from their own, it was reported on 23 November 2009 that the two countries might not be able to take part in the 2011 Copa América. However, on 31 March 2010, CONCACAF confirmed that Mexico would be allowed to send their 2012 U-23 Olympic Team, supplemented with five over-age players. In addition to Mexico sending a weaker team than those teams sent in previous participations, eight of the Mexican players originally called to play the Copa America 2011 were suspended because of indiscipline one week before the competition started.
Japan's participation was in doubt after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, but the Japan Football Association confirmed on 16 March 2011 that they would participate. However, the Japanese FA later withdrew from the tournament on 4 April 2011 citing scheduling conflict with rescheduled J. League matches. Following a meeting with the leadership of the Argentine Football Association, the Japanese FA decided to hold off on their final decision until 15 April. The Japanese FA later announced on 14 April that they would compete in the competition using mainly European based players. The Japanese FA withdrew their team again on 16 May citing difficulties with European clubs in releasing Japanese players. On the next day, CONMEBOL sent a formal invitation letter to the Costa Rican Football Federation inviting Costa Rica as replacement. Costa Rica accepted the invitation later that day.
The following twelve teams, shown with pre-tournament FIFA World Rankings, played in the tournament:
(10) (hosts)
(93)
(5) (holders)
(27)
(54)
(55) (invitee)
(68)
(9) (invitee)
(32)
(49)
(18)
(69)
Venues
A total of eight cities hosted the tournament. The opening game was played at Estadio Ciudad de La Plata, and the final was played at Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti.
Draw
The draw for the competition took place on 11 November 2010 at 17:00 (UTC−03:00) in the Teatro Argentino de La Plata in La Plata, and was broadcast in Argentina by Canal Siete. On 18 October 2010, CONMEBOL's The executive committee decided to place the teams in pots for the draw.
Squads
Each association presented a list of twenty-three players to compete in the tournament five days before their first match. On 14 June 2011, CONMEBOL allowed for the inscription of twenty-three players for the tournament, up one player from the previous allowed twenty-two. Of those twenty-three players, three must be goalkeepers.
Match officials
The list of twenty-four referees and two extra referees selected for the tournament were announced on 6 June 2011 by CONMEBOL's Referee Commission. Two referees were chosen from each participating association:
Sergio Pezzotta
Assistant: Ricardo Casas
Raúl Orosco
Assistant: Efraín Castro
Sálvio Fagundes
Assistant: Marcio Santiago
Enrique Osses
Assistant: Francisco Mondría
Wilmar Roldán
Assistant: Humberto Clavijo
Carlos Vera
Assistant: Luis Alvarado
Carlos Amarilla
Assistant: Nicolás Yegros
Víctor Hugo Rivera
Assistant: Luis Abadie
Roberto Silvera
Assistant: Miguel Nievas
Juan Soto
Assistant: Luis Sánchez
Wálter Quesada
Assistant: Leonel Leal
Francisco Chacón
Assistant: Marvin Torrentera
Extra assistants: Diego Bonfa, Hernán Maidana
Notes
Group stage
The first round, or group stage, saw the twelve teams divided into three groups of four teams. Each group was a round-robin of three games, where each team played one match against each of the other teams in the same group. Teams were awarded three points for a win, one point for a draw and none for a defeat. The teams finishing first and second in each group, and the two best-placed third teams, qualified for the quarter-finals.
Tie-breaking criteria
Teams were ranked on the following criteria:
1. Greater number of points in all group matches
2. Goal difference in all group matches
3. Greater number of goals scored in all group matches
4. Head-to-head results
5. Penalties (Were to be taken before the final group match by two teams playing each other and tied by points 1–4. Only used as decider, if they then drew the final game.)
6. Drawing of lots by the CONMEBOL Organising Committee
All times are in local, Argentina Time (UTC−03:00).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Ranking of third-placed teams
At the end of the first stage, a comparison was made between the third-placed teams of each group. The two best third-placed teams advanced to the quarter-finals.
Knockout stage
Different from previous tournaments, in the knockout stage, 30 minutes of extra time were played if any match finished tied after regulation (previously the match would go straight to a penalty shoot-out). This was the first time in the history of the tournament where the knockout stage did not include any invited teams, as both Mexico and Costa Rica were eliminated during the group stage. Paraguay reached the final despite not having won a single match in the competition.
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Result
Goalscorers
With five goals, Paolo Guerrero of Peru was the top scorer in the tournament. In total, 54 goals were scored by 39 different players, with only one of them credited as an own goal.
5 goals
Paolo Guerrero
4 goals
Luis Suárez
3 goals
Sergio Agüero
2 goals
Neymar
Alexandre Pato
Radamel Falcao
Felipe Caicedo
Diego Forlán
Álvaro Pereira
1 goal
Ángel Di María
Gonzalo Higuaín
Edivaldo Hermoza
Fred
Jádson
Esteban Paredes
Alexis Sánchez
Humberto Suazo
Arturo Vidal
Adrián Ramos
Joel Campbell
Josué Martínez
Néstor Araujo
Antolín Alcaraz
Lucas Barrios
Nelson Valdez
Cristian Riveros
Roque Santa Cruz
William Chiroque
Carlos Lobatón
Juan Manuel Vargas
Diego Pérez
Juan Arango
Gabriel Cichero
Miku
César González
Grenddy Perozo
Salomón Rondón
Oswaldo Vizcarrondo
Own goals
André Carrillo (against Chile)
Statistics
Discipline
Winners
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Luis Suárez
Top Goalscorer: Paolo Guerrero (5 goals)
Best Young Player: Sebastián Coates
Best Goalkeeper: Justo Villar
Fair Play Trophy:
Man of the Match Award
Luis Suarez
Team of the Tournament
Sponsorship
Global Platinum Sponsor:
LG
MasterCard
Santander
Global Gold Sponsor:
Kia
América Móvil (Claro, Telcel, Telmex, Embratel, and Comcel (former) are the brands advertised.)
Global Silver Sponsor:
Canon
Anheuser-Busch (Brahma, Budweiser, and Quilmes are the brands advertised.)
The Coca-Cola Company (Coca-Cola and Powerade are the brands advertised.)
Petrobras (Lubrax is the brand advertised.)
Official Supplier:
Seara (Paty is the brand advertised.)
Charitable Partner:
UNICEF
Local Supplier:
Buenos Aires Province
Argentina
Gillette
Web Hosting:
UOL Host
Theme song
"Creo en América" by Argentine singer Diego Torres was the official theme song for the tournament. Torres performed the song during the opening ceremonies.
A secondary theme song for the tournament is "Ready 2 Go" by Martin Solveig featuring Kele.
References
External links
Copa América 2011 Official Site
Copa América tournaments
2011 in South American football
International association football competitions hosted by Argentina
Copa
July 2011 sports events in South America
Sports competitions in Buenos Aires
2010s in Buenos Aires
Sport in Mendoza, Argentina
Sport in Córdoba, Argentina
Sport in Salta Province
Sport in Jujuy Province
Sport in San Juan Province, Argentina
Sport in La Plata
Sport in Santa Fe Province
Tylenchulidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Tylenchida.
Genera
Genera:
Boomerangia Siddiqi, 1994
Cacopaurus Thorne, 1943
Gracilacus
References
Nematodes
98 may refer to:
98 (number)
Windows 98, an Microsoft operating system
Years
98 BC
AD 98
1798
1898
1998
2098
See also
Californium (atomic number), a chemical element
98 Degrees (98°), a band
Madden NFL 98, a video game
Danièle Guinot (born 1933) is a French biologist, an emeritus professor at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in France, known for her research on crabs.
Biography
Guinot was born in eastern France and educated at the University of Montpellier and the University of Paris, finishing her studies in 1955. She then joined the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle as a research assistant; she remained there for the rest of her career. She earned a doctorate from Pierre and Marie Curie University in 1977.
Research
Guinot carried out several studies of crabs from exotic environments, including deep-sea crabs from the Indo-West Pacific bathyal zone and from hydrothermal vents, and crabs living in caves in Papua New Guinea. Her doctoral thesis proposed a new classification system for certain crabs based on the position of their reproductive organs. In later studies, she became particularly interested in crab behavior, including stridulation, carrying, and camouflage. Over the course of her career she described 10 new families of crabs, 47 new genera, and 163 new species.
Guinot has also studied the history of crabs and of their interactions with humans, including crab fishing techniques, medicinal uses of crabs, and the study of Cretaceous fossil crabs.
Awards and honors
In 2008, Guinot was the recipient of the Excellence in Research Award of the Crustacean Society.
More than 30 genera and species have been named in honor of Guinot. In 2010, a tribute volume of crustacean research papers was dedicated to her, and the Japanese soldier crab species Mictyris guinotae (newly distinguished from the previously identified species Mictyris brevidactylus) was named after her.
References
1933 births
Living people
French women biologists
French carcinologists
University of Montpellier alumni
University of Paris alumni
National Museum of Natural History (France) people
Hon. George William Clinton (April 21, 1807 – September 7, 1885) was a New York lawyer, politician, judge, author, and amateur naturalist. He served as Mayor of Buffalo, New York from 1842 to 1843.
Early life and family
Clinton was born on April 21, 1807 in New York City to Maria Franklin (1775-1818) and DeWitt Clinton (1769-1828), while the latter was serving as Mayor of New York City. His father later became a U.S. Senator and the 6th Governor of New York. He was the grandson of Major General James Clinton (1736-1812), grandnephew of George Clinton (1739-1812), the 4th U.S. Vice President, nephew of George Clinton, Jr. (1771-1809), a U.S. Representative, and James G. Clinton (1804-1849), also a member of the House of Representatives.
Education
Clinton grew up in Albany, New York, and attended The Albany Academy. He graduated from Hamilton College in 1825 and Norwich University in 1827, and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. In 1828, he attended the Litchfield Law School, completed his legal studies with Judge Ambrose Spencer (1765-1848), and was admitted to the bar in 1831.
Career
Clinton initially practiced law in Albany with Matthew Henry Webster and then in 1832 formed a partnership with the son of his legal mentor, John Canfield Spencer (1788-1855), who eventually became the 17th United States Secretary of War and 16th United States Secretary of the Treasury in Canandaigua, New York. He served as the District Attorney of Ontario County from 1835 to 1836.
In 1836, he moved to Buffalo and settled on the north side of East Mohawk Street between Washington and Ellicott Streets. The same year he organized the local Democratic Party with 20 or so other citizens.
Political career
On March 22, 1838, he was appointed Collector of Customs at Buffalo by U.S. President Martin Van Buren. Clinton served in this role until 1842. In March of that same year, Clinton was elected Mayor of Buffalo. Although a Democrat, his election was unique in that he was not a party candidate. During his term the City Charter was revised. On March 14, 1843, he presided over his last council meeting.
Clinton was appointed as United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York under President James K. Polk, and served from 1847 to 1850. From 1854 to 1878 he was Judge of Buffalo's Superior Court. His legal writings included the three volume Digest of the Decisions of the Law and Equity Courts of the State of New York. In 1867, he was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention.
Later career
In 1856, he was appointed a Regent of the University of the State of New York. He served until his death, and attained the position of Vice Chancellor of the board.
In 1882, he moved to Albany to become editor of the Clinton Papers, a collection left by his granduncle George Clinton. Clinton was one of the organizers of the Buffalo Society of Natural Sciences, founded on December 5, 1861. He was chosen its first president, and served for 20 years in that role. He was an amateur naturalist, and published 1882's Catalogue of the Native and Naturalized Plants of the City of Buffalo and its Vicinity.
Personal life
On May 15, 1832 he married Laura Catherine Spencer (1810-1891), the daughter of John Canfield Spencer, his former law partner. Their children included:
De Witt Clinton (1833-1873)
Charles Clinton
Elizabeth Spencer Clinton (1835-1918), who married Henry L. Clinton (1820-1899), a prominent New York lawyer.
Spencer Clinton (1839-1914), an attorney in Buffalo, who married Sarah Riley (1851-1880), daughter of William A. Riley and Frances A. Stillman, in 1870. After her death, he married her sister, Carrie Riley (1859-1887), and in 1895, he married a third time to Cora Caldwell (1870-1925).
Catharine Clinton (1841-1881), who married Albert J. Wheeler (1841-1924), president of the Western Savings Bank and Wheeler-Monarch Elevator Company.
Minnie Natalie Clinton, who married Abram H. Baldwin
George Clinton (1846-1934), an attorney in Buffalo, married Alice Thornton (1847-1931), daughter of Thomas F. Thornton and Jane Parker.
He died on September 7, 1885 while walking through Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands. He was laid to rest in Forest Lawn Cemetery after a service at St. Paul's Cathedral, still clutching the clover he was holding when he died.
Honors
In 1864, Clinton was awarded the honorary degree of LL.D. by Hamilton College.
References
Further reading
Through The Mayors' Eyes by Michael Rizzo (The Buffalonian, 2005, ; pg. 424)
George W. Clinton in Scientific Papers of Asa Gray: Essays; Biographical Sketches, 1841-1886
Minutes of the Regents of the University, by New York State Education Department, 1860
Report of the Regents of the University of the State of New York, Volume 66
George W. Clinton at Norwich University, 1819-1911: Her History, Her Graduates, Her Roll of Honor, Volume 3, by William Arba Ellis
George W. Clinton at Catalogue of the New-York Alpha of the Phi Beta Kappa, 1852
An Address Commemorative of George W. Clinton: Delivered Before the Buffalo Historical Society, David Fisher Day, 1890
Catalogue of the Native and Naturalized Plants of the City of Buffalo and its Vicinity, 1882
External links
1807 births
1885 deaths
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Norwich University alumni
Litchfield Law School alumni
New York (state) lawyers
New York (state) Democrats
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
County district attorneys in New York (state)
United States Attorneys for the Northern District of New York
New York (state) state court judges
American naturalists
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Buffalo)
Clinton family of New York
Scientists from New York (state)
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Spencer family of New York
Filić may refer to:
Filić, a village in Vojvodina, Serbia
Filić, a town in the province of Campobasso in the Molise region of Italy
Igor Evgenievich Kraev () or Ihor Evgenovich Kraiev (), is a Ukrainian and Russian producer, music promoter, entrepreneur, founder and CEO of TopHit project (founded in 2003), a music promotion platform and music chart authority for thousands of music artists and labels, 1200+ radio stations worldwide, mostly in Europe, Ukraine, Russia and the CIS.
Early career
Born on April 11, 1963 in Sochi, Krasnodar krai, USSR. Moved to Sevastopol (then-USSR) in early childhood. In 1986 graduated from Sevastopol instrument-making institute (now Sevastopol National Technical University) as shipbuilding engineer.
He started making music in school times. He created his own band in school, and later, while student, he played in popular Sevastopol youth bands Skif and Panorama. In 1986-87 he acted as keyboardist, arranger and vocalist at the rock band Stadion. In 1987 he participated in making of eponymous album by that group, which in 1989 was published by monopolist Soviet record company Melodiya.
In 1988 he returned to Panorama band which was functioning in Lunacharsky Sevastopol Drama Theatre. Igor Kraev wrote music for several plays by theatre director Roman Markholia that were later staged in theatres of Sevastopol, Riga and Kyiv, one of them "Rag Dolly" by William Gibson. Also, he, together with Vitaly Lvov and Yekaterina Trotsenko, participated in creation of orchestrations for Leonard Bernstein's "Candide" musical, staged in USSR for the first time in Kyiv and Sevastopol.
In 1989–90 he participated in rock band Li.Der of Sevastopol, where recorded the album "Money for faith" as keyboardist and arranger. The album was also released by Melodiya in 1991. During this period he also recorded his solo album called "Sombatkhey" where he acted as composer, arranger and vocalist.
In 1992, together with Aleksei Mikhailusev and Sergey Bogdan, he created professional recording studio called "Zurbagan", the first in Sevastopol. Acted as producer, musician and arranger. From 1991 until 1997 he also was producing music group called "Zurbagan" and recorded several songs that became local hits.
In 1996 he began to work as independent producer at "Crimea Radio Roks", one of the first music FM radios in region. In 1997 he became music editor and later program director of that radio.
In 1996–97 he was one of the organizers of music festival "Crammy" where Crimean and Russian music groups participated. In 1997 produced creation of music CD with the greatest hits of that festival.
Also, during that period, Igor Kraev was a participant of Dialog project which was founded by Vadim Botnaruk, Kim Breitburg and Evgeniy Fridland on the base of USSR-time progressive rock band Dialog. The project was aimed to search and promote young singers via regional radio stations. Popular Russian-language singers Nikolai Trubach, Konstantin Meladze and Valeriy Meladze gained their initial popularity through that project.
In 1999 Igor Kraev left Crimea and began to work in Moscow as PR manager and later PR director of recording studio "ARS Records" of the holding company "ARS" headed by prominent Russian composer Igor Krutoy. At the position, he took part in issuing albums of tens of popular singers of Russian and Ukrainian popular music scene. Among them Andrey Gubin, Ruki Vverh, Nikolai Trubach, Yuri Shatunov, Dima Bilan, Valeriy Meladze, Boris Moiseev, Diskoteka Avariya, VIA Gra, Valeriya, Premyer-Ministr, Danko, A'Studio, Laima Vaikule, Igor Krutoy, Philipp Kirkorov, Igor Nikolayev, Blestyashchiye, and many others.
TopHit
In March 2003 he left ARS together with Vadim Botnaruk, former ARS Records CEO. They launched mp3fm.ru, the online platform to help young musicians get their songs played on the radio. Mp3fm.ru quickly gained popularity with performers, record labels, and radio stations. It led to hijacking of the domain name mp3fm.ru, so the crew was forced to rename the project to TopHit which is known under this name nowadays. In 2004, TopHit began publishing weekly updated radio charts of songs and artists. In 2015, in addition to radio charts, TopHit began to publish YouTube charts, and from 2021 Spotify charts. TopHit became known among Russian and Ukrainian musicians as "professional tool" for musicians, without being widely known among the general public.
The co-founder of TopHit, Vadim Botnaruk, started working as the CEO of the Russian Phonographic Association (RPA), one of the Russian PRO in 2004. In early 2008, Vadim Botnaryuk died after being assassinated by an assailant who could not be found. He was allegedly killed for preventing one of the ethnic criminal groups from establishing control over royalties to performers and record labels for the use of their phonograms in the public sphere.
In 2009 Igor Kraev invented and launched the online testing of new songs by radio stations on TopHit, which allowed artists and labels to better understand the prospects for rotation of their songs on the radio.
In order to popularize the platform, Igor Kraev and Pavel Balashov together with the Russian music TV channel Muz TV initiated the production and broadcasting of the music hit parade Top Hit Chart. The radio version of the Сhart has been airing weekly on dozens of radio stations in Russia and CIS countries since 2010. The radio show is hosted by popular Russian artists Timur Rodriguez and Mitya Fomin. In different years they were joined by Nyusha, Dmitry Koldun, Eva Polna, Burrito, DJ Smash, Anita Tsoi, Filatov & Karas as the hosts of the radio show. Currently, the young artists: Vanya Dmitrienko, Lyusya Chebotina, Habib Sharipov, members of the Dabro band, are among the chart hosts.
Igor Kraev spent 2014-2016 in California, where he was being recruited as an adviser to a number of content startups.
In 2013, Igor Kraev and Pavel Balashov, head of TopHit Russia, established the Top Hit Music Awards Russia and the TopHit Hall of Fame. These awards are given to the local and international artists, songwriters, record labels, whose hits are most frequently heard on the radio and listened to on Spotify, and whose music videos are most frequently viewed on YouTube. Because of its objectivity and relevance, the Top Hit Music Awards have gained authority in professional music circles in Russia.
Since 2016, Igor Kraev has given a series of lectures in Moscow and Kyiv on using the Internet to promote new artists and their music.
Since 2020 TopHit Ukraine has been presenting Top Hit Music Awards Ukraine to the most popular Ukrainian artists, songwriters, producers and labels on the air and on the Internet.
In the fall of 2017, Igor Kraev initiated the launch of his own TopHit service for monitoring radio station airwaves, TopHit Spy. In 2019, Igor Kraev and Pavel Balashov founded their own TopHit record label, and in 2020 they launched TopHit Pay, a service for collecting donations for artists and authors on the platform.
In 2018-2019, Igor Kraev and Pavel Balashov founded several international companies to expand the platform's operations in the European, U.S. and Latin American markets.
In July 2022, Igor Kraev announced the buyout of the domain tophit.com and the upcoming integration of the company's services on this domain.
References
Russian record producers
Ukrainian record producers
1963 births
Living people
Atayurt is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey
Geography
Atayurt is in the fertile alluvial plain of Silifke district which itself is a part of Mersin Province. The town is on the D 400 highways. The distance to Mersin is and to Silifke is . The coordinates are about . The population is 7154 as of 2012.
History
The rural population density of the vicinity has always been high and there were two villages (Olukbaşı and Esenbel) next to each other. In 1989, the two villages have been merged to form Atayurt town. In 2005, Karadedeli and Sıtmasuyu villages have been merged. The name of the town refers to Atatürk, the founder of the Turkish republic.
Economy
Like other parts of Silifke plain, the main economic activity of Atayurt is agriculture, especially green house and forced crop agriculture. Almost all fruits especially strawberries are produced. Since the seaside is only to town center, the services to summer houses at the seaside also play a part of town economy.
Concerns about blue tunnel project
The Göksu River is very important to the economy of the town. The government is planning to use a part of the river to water Central Anatolia with the Blue Tunnel Project () referring to a tunnel with a capacity of 36 m3/s which will drain water to Bağbaşı in Konya Province. Atayurt residents are afraid that this project may cause a partial drought around Atayurt and decrease agricultural production.
References
Populated places in Mersin Province
Towns in Turkey
Populated places in Silifke District
Andrew Harms, better known as harms, is a radio personality and television host based in Los Angeles.
Career
While getting a business degree at the University of Washington, Harms started working at 107.7 The End as a modulator. Within a year he was on-air as a weekend and overnight DJ, though he continued to work in the promotions department as street team coordinator. He eventually moved from nights and weekends to evening drive. He was later promoted to the station's music director, and in 2008 replaced outgoing Assistant Program Director Jim Keller.
In December 2012 Harms accepted an offer from Sean "Diddy" Combs to help launch Revolt TV, a new music TV network but seen over 25 million homes. Hired as the director of music programming, he specialized in alternative, electronic and pop genres, and was responsible for identifying music videos and related content. From October 2013 – October 2014, he hosted, wrote and programmed a daily half-hour show on the network called “In Harms Way", and co-hosted the network's flagship show "Revolt Live".
After two and half years at Revolt, Harms accepted an opportunity to return to radio full-time at LA's Alt 98.7, where he currently hosts weekday afternoons in LA and Seattle from 3–7 pm, and serves as the station's assistant program director and music director. During Harms's time there, Alt 98.7 has become one of the top three stations for people 18-34 in LA. Harms also hosts national television broadcasts for iHeartRadio around the world, most recently with U2, Muse, Mumford & Sons and The Red Hot Chili Peppers
Harms is currently:
Afternoon Drive Host from 3-7 pm on ALT 98.7 in Los Angeles
Afternoon Drive Host from 3-7 pm on ALT 102.9 in Seattle
Assistant Program Director and Music Director for ALT 98.7 in Los Angeles
National Broadcast Host for iHeart Media video series iHeart Radio Live
He is also known for his work as:
The host of The Experience Music Project's Sound Off! Competition from 2004 to 2012
Nightly Nirvana, ten-week nationally syndicated radio special on over 50 stations (2004)
Director of Music Programing at Revolt TV
Host of In Harms Way on Revolt TV (185 Episodes)
Host of Seattle's Sound by the Sound on Revolt TV (40 Episodes)
Appearances on KTLA TV in Los Angeles
14 years as a DJ at 107.7 The End in Seattle
Music Director and Assistant Program Director at 107.7 The End in Seattle
Accomplishments
2004 FMQB Specialty Host of the Year
Leaked an early version of Fiona Apple's "Extraordinary Machine" to national reception
Billboard named Harms the #6 rock radio programmer in the country in 2016.
First DJ in the United States to play Muse, Chvrches, and The Killers among many others
First and Only Three-Time Consecutive Fantasy Football Champion in the Forkhand League
References
1077TheEnd.com
KNDD-FM Public File
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American radio personalities
University of Washington Foster School of Business alumni
Zheleznogorsk () is the name of several urban localities in Russia:
Zheleznogorsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai, a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai
Zheleznogorsk, Kursk Oblast, a town in Kursk Oblast
See also
Zheleznogorsk (disambiguation)
Zheleznogorsk-Ilimsky, a town in Nizhneilimsky District of Irkutsk Oblast
Grace Pool was an American alternative rock band, the main musical project of singer-songwriter Elly Brown and musician-producer Bob Riley.
The band formed in the 1980s and released two studio albums for Reprise Records. Their sound incorporated several influences, chiefly Indie folk, Dream pop, and New wave music, blending vocal harmonies, acoustic guitars, and drums, with airy synth atmospherics and digital percussion.
History
1980–1987: Formation
Grace Pool founders Elly Brown and Bob Riley met when they were bandmates in South, a music project featuring the legendary guitarist Lonnie Mack. Brown was already well known for her own bands in the New York club scene, and was hired to sing harmonies and some "girl vocals." Riley had established himself as an in-demand session musician. During the South rehearsals, Brown and Riley wrote the first of many songs together. When South came to a sudden end after the death of the band's founder and patron, Brown and Riley returned to their previous musical projects, remaining close friends and songwriting partners. Three years later, Brown and Riley had fallen in love, married, and moved into a house in Lincolndale, a rural suburb in upstate New York. Riley created an in-home studio where he created sequenced drum tracks and played guitar while Brown sang. During the next several years, the natural surroundings of upstate New York were an inspiration for the songs that formed Grace Pool's repertoire. When Brown and Riley decided it was time for the songs to be played for audiences, they recruited some musician friends into the band. Clifford Carter and Frank Vilardi were brought in on keyboards and drums. Shawn Colvin, a friend of Elly Brown, played guitar for the early Grace Pool rehearsals and performances. Their New York City debut was at the legendary CBGB, chosen for the club's highly regarded sound system. Not long after, Colvin's solo career became a full-time occupation. Her place was filled by Terry Radigan, a young girl from Brooklyn. Grace Pool signed on with Reprise in 1987 when Elly Brown's best friend, who worked at Warner Bros. Records, slipped a demo tape to a music executive. Within weeks, the band was offered a contract.
1988–1989: Grace Pool
The band's first album, the self-titled Grace Pool, was released in August 1988. The record was produced by Steve Nye, known for his atmospheric style on recordings by Bryan Ferry, David Sylvian, Clannad, and many others. Trouser Press praised Nye's "deft touches of synthesizer ambiance and quiet grandeur," and called Grace Pool "a record with catchy songs, fine harmonies and intricately subtle arrangements." The Washington Post described Brown's "clear, cool-water voice" "luxurious" harmonies, "sensual, not sorrowful" minor-key melodies, and the band's songs as having "a dreamy, pre-Raphaelite beauty." The collection of original songs also includes Grace Pool's cover of a song by The Blue Nile, "Stay," a song that Elly Brown knew she wanted to sing from the moment she heard it.The band was named in a New York Times article along with k.d. lang, Joan Jett, Edie Brickell and Cocteau Twins as part of "a diverse, intelligent, self-directed and eccentric bunch of female performers" with new recordings in 1988. Rolling Stone introduced the band to their readers in New Faces. Grace Pool was nominated for a New York Music Award in the Best Debut Album category.
1990–1991: Where We Live
The recording of Where We Live, Grace Pool's second album, brought changes in band members and changes of perspective and attitude. Brown has described the album as "songs of struggle and not understanding the world so well." There was also a change of producer in the studio, as Bob Riley was allowed to take over production duties. With many years as a New York studio musician and a passion for music technology, Riley crafted the album with what the Chicago Tribune called "a polished, stylish sound." Music journalist Stewart Mason wrote that Where We Live was "less abstract and artsy" than the debut album with "more of a rock edge." He described the album's songs with minor-key melodies as "a collection of haunting tunes." Beki Brindle was the band's new lead guitarist on the album, replacing Terry Radigan who had set off on her own career. Andy Burton, known for his keyboard work on the Hammond organ, became the band's keyboardist.
The band was also beginning to feel the effects of being a part of a music industry, after years immersed in the New York music scene. In Brown's words, "we were losing the stars in our eyes." Signing to a major record label with headquarters on the distant West Coast proved to be a less than perfect fit for the band, and Grace Pool was released from contract by Warners after sales of Where We Live were not as strong as the debut. The group disbanded in 1992.
Post-band life, recordings and collaborations
After Grace Pool, each of the members remained deeply involved in music. Brown and Riley began a family and raised two children while working on new musical projects. Elly Brown recorded a solo album, Wax the Roses in 2004. Bob Riley collaborated with various artists including Mary Fahl, originally of October Project. Grace Pool's guitarists, Terry Radigan and Beki Brindle, have fronted their own bands and recorded solo albums, continuing to tour. Frank Vilardi went on to record or tour with various bands including Rosanne Cash, Suzanne Vega, Rod Stewart and many others. He is currently a member of The Bacon Brothers band. Keyboardist Clifford Carter worked extensively with James Taylor among many others and recorded a solo album, Walkin' Into the Sun, in 1993. Keyboardist Andy Burton is currently a member of The Schramms.
Discography
Grace Pool (1988)
"Awake With the Rain"
"Stay"
"Fields"
"Radio Religion"
"Under the Wrong Wing"
"Still the Spirit"
"Green Glass House"
"Out of the Wild"
"1000 Nights"
Where We Live (1990)
"Me Without You"
"Once a Forest"
"Wedding on the Lawn"
"Paint the Ending"
"August Freeze"
"I Can't See You"
"Dream and Distance"
"Springs Desire"
"Swing Hard"
"Sweet Law of Repetition"
Band members
Elly Brown, vocals
Bob Riley, guitars, programming, synth
Terry Radigan, lead guitar
Clifford Carter, keyboards
Frank Vilardi, drums
Beki Brindle, lead guitar
Andy Burton, keyboards
References
Dream pop musical groups
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups disestablished in 1992
Reprise Records artists
Basel Tattoo is an annual military tattoo show performed by International military bands, display teams, popular musicians, and tattoo formations in Basel, Switzerland.
Since 2006, Basel Tattoo has had annual stage-arena performances within the Basel Kaserne (old barracks) (now also known as Basel Tattoo Arena) and hosts two parades in July. The Basel Tattoo parade, with an estimated 125,000 visitors, is considered the largest event.
History
The Basel Tattoo was started in 2006 by the local Top Secret Drum Corps. It has grown to be the world's second largest military tattoo in terms of performers and budget after the Edinburgh Military Tattoo. The event is now sponsored by the Swiss Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sport (DDPS), making it the official military tattoo of Switzerland.
In 2008, the Basel Tattoo began holding a parade in Basel to showcase the performers to a wider audience. A second parade was added in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany the following year.
In 2012, the Basel Tattoo festival had about 2,000 performers and was seen by 260,000 people during 15 live stage-arena performances and two parades.
In 2014, 120,000 spectators attended the performances at Basel Tattoo Arena, 125,000 viewed the parades in Basel and Freiburg, and 450,000 viewers watched a televised presentation on SRF 1.
In 2015, 15 arena performances in nine days will feature 30 performing acts from Switzerland, Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Oman, South Africa, South Korea, the United Kingdom (groups from England and Scotland) and the United States. One of the main highlights is expected to be the performances of the Blue Devils International Corps, a 97-member drum and bugle corps made up of alumni of the 16–time Drum Corps International (DCI) world champion Blue Devils Drum and Bugle Corps of Concord, California and eight other DCI World Class corps.
2015 performance
The eleventh annual Basel Tattoo had 30 formations from five continents giving 15 performances over nine days.
From Friday, July 17 through Saturday, July 25, 2015, a total of 15 shows were planned with an estimated 120,000 visitors.
Scheduled performers (2015):
102 Battalion REME Pipes and Drums– United Kingdom
Ailsa Craig Highland Dancers– Scotland
Band of the Royal Regiment of Scotland– Scotland
Basel Tattoo Choir– Switzerland
Basel Tattoo Garde– Switzerland
Basler Mittwoch-Gesellschaft– Switzerland
Blue Devils International Corps– United States
Castle Stars Irish Dancers– Ireland
Chloë Agnew– Ireland
Drums and Pipes of the Aberdeen Universities Officers' Training Corps– Scotland
Drums and Pipes of the Cape Town Highlanders– South Africa
Egon Eggemann– Switzerland
Fanfara 8th Regimento Bersaglieri– Italy
Imps Motorcycle Display Team– England
New Zealand Army Band– New Zealand
Pipes and Drums of the Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion, the Royal Regiment of Scotland– Scotland
Republic of Korea Air Force Band– South Korea
Royal Air Force of Oman Pipes and Drums– Oman
Royal Army of Oman Pipes and Drums– Oman
Scots Guards Association (Manchester) Pipes and Drums– England
Sektion Rhone– Switzerland
South Australia Pipes and Drums– Australia
Swiss Army Central Band– Switzerland
Swiss Highlanders– Switzerland
Temuka Pipe Band– New Zealand
The Band of The Household Cavalry– United Kingdom
Top Secret Drum Corps– Switzerland
War Horse– South Africa
Will Martin– New Zealand
In addition to the stage performances in the Basel Kaserne (old barracks), the 2015 Basel Tattoo also has the following shows:
Basel Tattoo parade in Basel
Basel Tattoo parade in Freiburg, Germany
Broadcast on SRF 1 Swiss television
References
External links
Tourism Basel
Military tattoos
Leaving () is a 2011 Czech drama film written and directed by Václav Havel, based on his play of the same name, an absurdist look at the life of an ex-politician. The film received two Czech Lion awards.
Background
Leaving is the only film directed by former Czech president and playwright Václav Havel. It was released in cinemas on 24 March 2011, and broadcast by Czech Television on 18 December, the day of Havel's death.
The film received nominations in all major feature film categories in the 2011 Czech Lion Awards, winning two: Best Editing (Jiří Brožek) and Best Screenplay (Havel).
It was screened within the Forum section of the 2011 Berlinale and at the second Festival du film Czech-in, Paris.
Cast
Josef Abrhám as Vilém Rieger
Dagmar Havlová as Irena
Vlasta Chramostová as Grandmother
Eva Holubová as Monika
Tatiana Vilhelmová as Vlasta
Jan Budař as Albín
Ivana Uhlířová as Zuzana
Jiří Lábus as Hanus
Roman Bloodworth as Občan Vaněk
Oldřich Kaiser as Viktor
Barbora Seidlová as Bea Weissenmütelhofová
Stanislav Zindulka as Osvald
Jiří Macháček as Jack
Stanislav Milota as Bob
Miroslav Krobot as Knobloch
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2011 directorial debut films
Czech drama films
2010s Czech-language films
Czech films based on plays
Czech Lion Awards winners (films)
Works by Václav Havel
Lauritzen Bay is a bay about wide, occupied by bay ice and ice shell, indenting the coast of Antarctica between Cape Yevgenov and Coombes Ridge. The Matusevich Glacier Tongue joins Coombes Ridge in forming the west side of the bay. It was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in 1947, and was sketched and photographed by Phillip Law, leader of the Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition (ANARE) on the Magga Dan on February 20, 1959. It was then named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for shipowner Knud Lauritzen of Copenhagen, Denmark, who supplied the Magga Dan and other vessels used by ANARE since 1954.
References
Bays of Antarctica
was a German passenger ship of the Hamburg-America Line (HAPAG) of some . She is credited with having been the first purpose-built cruise ship. Launched on 29 June 1900, she served with HAPAG until 16 December 1906 after being accidentally grounded off Jamaica.
History
In 1886, Albert Ballin joined HAPAG () as manager of its passage department. Thirteen years later, in 1899, he became managing director. It was during this term that he realized his company's largest and flagship vessel, , lay largely unused during the winter season. Due to inclement weather, travelers largely stayed away from the North Atlantic route. It was then that Ballin, despite criticism from his fellow directors at HAPAG and other steamship companies, planned to send Augusta Victoria on a 58-day “pleasure voyage” from Cuxhaven, Germany to the Mediterranean and Orient. This extended cruise would include well-planned excursions ashore to ports-of-call along the route and Ballin would be a passenger himself. The voyage was a success, and similar ones were planned.
Despite their increasing success, these early cruises, called "excursions", were difficult to plan with existing ships. Constructed as ocean liners, they did not meet the requirements of the pleasure-seeking market. They offered few amenities aboard. This became apparent during long stretches at sea. Furthermore, their construction as multi-class vessels also proved a hindrance as such vessels provided restricted access to deck space. Whatever deck space there was, was mostly sheltered, and designed to accommodate the rigors of the North Atlantic instead of the seas of more southern climes. Ballin believed that only a vessel specifically designed for cruising would be appropriate. Furthermore, such a vessel could spend the entire year doing so.
A few months after Ballin became managing director, he commissioned – in 1900 – Blohm & Voss to construct such a ship, to be named after Kaiser Wilhelm II's daughter. The ship was launched on 29 June 1900 and christened Prinzessin Victoria Luise.
A revolutionary ship
With cruises targeted toward wealthy travelers, Prinzessin Victoria Luise was designed to look more like a private yacht than any of her commercial counterparts. She had a trim hull wide by long. She was painted all white and had two masts (one fore and aft) and two tall, slim funnels amidships. She had a rounded stern and a richly decorated clipper bow, with bowsprit, ending in a figurehead of the German princess.
On board, she also did not look like other commercial vessels of the time. She contained 120 cabins, all first class. All staterooms were luxuriously appointed. Reportedly, Ballin instituted some interior modifications recommended by the emperor. There was also a library, a gymnasium, and a darkroom for the development of film by amateur photographers. Pushing all this at a steady were quadruple expansion steam engines. After fitting out, the kaiser formally inspected the vessel and was unhappy that it was slightly longer than the royal yacht .
Short career
Prinzessin Victoria Luise left on her maiden voyage on 5 January 1901 from Hamburg, stopping at Boulogne, Plymouth, and finally reaching New York on 17 January. She would depart New York on 26 January to the West Indies for her first cruise. Her second cruise, to the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, commenced from New York on 9 March. Other cruises would take the ship to the Baltic. She would be used almost exclusively for cruising, as she had limited cargo or mail capacity. Yet, she would be diverted from cruising on six occasions to make complete transatlantic crossings.
Almost five years after her debut, her career came to an end while on a West Indian cruise. On the night of 16 December, the ship had tried to enter the harbor of Kingston, but later her commander Captain Brunswig decided to anchor at Port Royal when he mistook the lighthouse at Plumb Point for that at the westernmost point of Port Royal. Heading north at , the ship hit and climbed onto the rocks bow first at about 21:30. In an attempt to dislodge the ship, the engines were put full astern to no avail.
Although the passengers were rescued without loss the following morning, Captain Brunswig retreated to his cabin and committed suicide with a gunshot to the head. A German admiralty court found the captain negligent in May of the following year.
Salvage operations commenced immediately after the grounding. The German cruiser and the French training ship Duguay-Trouin came to the aid of the stranded ship, with Bremen attempting to tow the steamer off the rocks. Within days, continued buffeting by waves and a storm pushed the ship broadside of the shore with a sharp list to port. Inspection revealed major structural damage to her frame and keel plates. Her engines had been displaced during impact and her port side was filled with of water. She was declared a total loss on 19 December, and sank in a seaquake in 1907.
References
External links
Ships built in Hamburg
1900 ships
Cruise ships of Germany
Steamships
Ships of the Hamburg America Line
Maritime incidents in 1906
Shipwrecks in the Caribbean Sea
Banana bread is a type of bread made from mashed bananas. It is often a moist and sweet quick bread but some recipes are yeast raised.
History
Banana bread recipes began to feature in well-known cookbooks across North America as baking soda and baking powder were being mass produced and becoming available in grocery stores in the 1930s. It appeared in Pillsbury's 1933 Balanced Recipes cookbook, and later gained more acceptance with the release of the original Chiquita Banana's Recipe Book in 1950.
National Banana Bread Day is February 23. Bananas appeared in the US in the 1870s and it took a while for them to appear as ingredient items for desserts. The modern banana bread recipe began being published in cookbooks around the 1930s and its popularity was greatly helped by the introduction of baking powder on the market. Some food historians believe banana bread was a byproduct of the Great Depression as resourceful housewives did not wish to throw away overripe bananas (as they were still a costly item to purchase), others believe the modern banana bread was developed in corporate kitchens to promote flour and baking soda products. It could also be a combination of both theories, insofar as being developed in a corporate kitchen to promote flour and baking soda products, as well as marketed as a method to make use of overripe bananas. Banana bread experienced a resurgence in popularity during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns, thought to be because the ingredients were cheap, a trend against food waste, and as a nostalgic treat.
In the Philippines, banana bread is usually called "banana cake." It was introduced during the American colonial period of the Philippines.
Variations
Banana raisin bread
Banana nut bread (often featuring chopped nuts, such as walnuts, pecans or almonds)
Chocolate chip banana bread (featuring chocolate chips)
Banana bread muffins
Banana Crumble Bread
Vegan banana bread (made without eggs or dairy products)
Blueberry banana bread (or other fruits such as raspberry or orange to add additional flavours)
See also
Banana cake
Bánh chuối, a banana cake from Vietnam
List of American breads
List of banana dishes
List of quick breads
List of sweet breads
Pumpkin bread
Zucchini bread
Carrot bread
References
External links
Quick breads
Sweet breads
Banana dishes
American breads
The Palazzo Fani Mignanelli is a Gothic-style building, located on via Banchi di Sopra in the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy.
History
The palace was used as a meeting place for the town councils before the Palazzo Pubblico was built. It is described as a Castellare or castle-house. Built in the 14th century with at least three medieval towers. The façade in Roman brick has four arcades with pointed gothic arches. The towers are now incorporated into the palace. The façade has medieval plaques representing various Terzi of the citi. The guide by Romagnoli claimed the palace had frescoes by Beccafumi, but later critics attribute the frescoes depicting the sacrifice of a girl (either the daughter of Jephthah or else the daughter of Agamemnon, Iphigenia) to Marco Pino.
The palace houses a variety of occupants and business, including a boutique hotel.
References
Palaces in Siena
Gothic architecture in Siena
Abraham Beach ( – ) was an American Episcopalian clergyman.
Abraham Beach was born on in Cheshire, Connecticut. He graduated from Yale College in 1757 with the honors of the valedictory, became a convert to the Episcopal faith, and studied theology under Dr. Samuel Johnson and his relative, John Beach. In 1767 he went to England, and there received ordination to the priesthood. He was appointed missionary to New Brunswick, and entered upon his work in September, 1767. During the American Revolutionary War his position between the two armies was exceedingly embarrassing. In consequence his church was closed, and he did not officiate until December, 1781, when, in accordance with the suggestions of the Archbishop of Canterbury, it became permissible to conduct public worship with the omission of the prayers for the king and parliament. In 1784 he became the assistant minister of Trinity Church in New York, and continued an active worker in the diocese of New York until 1813. He was on many occasions a delegate to the General Convention of the Episcopal Church, and in 1801, 1804, and 1810 was president of the house of lay and clerical delegates. Of Rutgers College, established in 1770 at New Brunswick, he was an early trustee. In 1786 he was elected a regent of the University of the State of New York, and in 1787 a trustee of Columbia College, from which institution he received the honorary degree of D. D. in 1789. He was likewise actively associated with many of the benevolent institutions of New York. Subsequent to his resignation from Trinity parish he retired to his farm on Raritan River, near New Brunswick, where he resided until his death. His only publications were sermons.
Abraham Beach died on 14 September 1828 near New Brunswick, New Jersey.
References
Created via preloaddraft
18th-century American Episcopal priests
1828 deaths
People from Cheshire, Connecticut
Yale College alumni
19th-century American Episcopal priests
State Route 79 (SR 79) was a state highway in Storey and Lyon counties in Nevada. Also known as Six Mile Canyon Road, the highway was an road connecting Virginia City to U.S. Route 50 (US 50) near Dayton.
Six Mile Canyon, along with nearby Gold Canyon, was the site of some of the state's first mining efforts and earliest encampments.
References
079
Transportation in Storey County, Nevada
Transportation in Lyon County, Nevada
Norman Paul Dodd (June 29, 1899 – January 24, 1987) - He was a banker/bank manager, worked as a financial advisor, and served as chief investigator in 1953 for the Special Committee on Tax Exempt Foundations (commonly referred to as the Reece Committee), which was chaired by U. S. Congressman B. Carroll Reece. Dodd was known primarily for his controversial investigation into tax-exempt foundations.
Norman Dodd was interviewed, shortly before he died, by the journalist G. Edward Griffin, and an interview documentary was produced as a result, which has gained a very wide audience in later years.
Early life
Norman was born in South Orange, Essex County, New Jersey. His parents were Charles Spier Dodd (January 23, 1874 - July 25, 1932), who was an insurance agent, and Florence Augusta Cummings (July 18, 1872 - December 7, 1948). Norman's wife was Louise Richardson (July 19, 1901 - March 9, 1987). Norman attended private schools including Phillips Academy (known simply as Andover) finishing in 1918 and later graduated from Yale University. He was, by his own words, an indefatigable reader. He worked in manufacturing before devoting himself to banking. During or after the 1929 stock market crash he was assigned by his superiors the task of restructuring the bank he was working at, after a period of which he recommended what at the time was referred to as "sound banking". He was told by his superiors that his recommendations would not be implemented because "we will never see sound banking in the United States again".
Tax-exempt foundations
Dodd's claims about his investigative work have become the cornerstone of theories implicating the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Ford Foundation, and the Rockefeller Foundation, among others. He stated in his findings that many foundations were intentionally campaigning to involve the United States in such wars as World War I and that they also sought ways to warp American teaching of history through explicit control of the education system in the United States.
Rene Wormser, the legal counsel to the Reece Committee, wrote in his 1958 book on the subject, "It is difficult for the public to understand that some of the great foundations which have done so much for us in some fields have acted tragically against the public interest in others, but the facts are there for the unprejudiced to recognize."
The Norman Dodd Collection at the Rosalind Kress Haley Library (7800 Bonhomme Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri) contains books from Norman Dodd's personal library.
Norman and his wife Louise are both buried in Christ Episcopal Church Cemetery (Keene, Albemarle County, Virginia).
References
External links
Interview by G. Edward Griffin :: Transcript of a 1982 interview of Dodd by G. Edward Griffin
Video Interview :: Norman Dodd - Tax-Exempt Foundations
Original Dodd Report
1899 births
1987 deaths
Dodd family
My Sister's Place (RR: Durebang; MR: Turebang; Hangul: 두레방) is an advocacy and counseling group founded in 1986 in Uijeongbu, South Korea. The group is a non-profit government organization that supports women involved and affected by prostitution in military camp towns. It focuses on improving the lives of women who have entered the sex industry in and around U.S. military base camp towns. Working with women from diverse backgrounds—Korean-born, Russian, and Filipina women—Durebang challenges militarism and exploitation in the camp town sex industry. Durebang (also known as My Sister's Place) provides online counseling, community outreach, English classes, Hangul classes, and legal rights classes
Since 1955, U.S. troops have maintained a permanent presence in South Korea. The Korean government have long been accused of encouraging Korean women to have sex with military officials for the economic and political gain of the country as a whole. These military camp towns have been created and maintained by both the U.S. and Korean governments as a mutually beneficial enterprise for the state that uses Korean and other foreign women in sexual services for American G.I.'s.
It was founded by Harriet Fay Moon, an American-born wife of Korean pastor Moon Dong-hwan, who is the brother of Reverend Moon Ik-hwan. Durebang's main office is in Uijeongbu near Camp Stanley, and its branch office is in Dongducheon, where Camp Nimble (closed in 2006), Camp Castle (closed in 2015), Camp Casey, and Camp Hovey are located. Durebang plans to relocate to Pyeongtaek, near Camp Humphreys, the largest U.S. overseas military base.
Services
Classes
The organization offers several classes available to women to help develop their skills and resiliency. Every week, the center offers music classes using K-pop songs to teach Korean, learn about music composition and production and unpack the meaning of popular song lyrics. On a near daily basis, My Sister's Place offers classes to immigrant women to learn the Korean alphabet, Hangul, in an effort to achieve literacy and increase women's agency. Immigrant women who work in the camp-town sex industries often have little Korean language acquisition and even less skills in literacy. In providing this free service to women, the program hopes to empower women and provide a valuable economic and social resource. Additionally, a short-term English class is offered to learners who wish to acquire or improve their English language skills. English classes serve as an opportunity to study and practice communication skills, speaking, and pronunciation in a safe space.
Workshops
A living labor law workshop is offered to help women navigate complex laws and how they apply for their specific needs. The class provides an educational base in which women can learn some of the most important topics specific to their context and how the laws apply to them.
Outreach
My Sister's Place focuses its efforts on providing daily survival skills for women working in camp town areas. Their mission is to help women live genuine and autonomous lives through their newly acquired skillsets and education. In addition to the services described above, the organization develops programs that focus on cooking, child care services, basic knowledge about health and much more. One of the most valuable services they offer is the on-site counseling offered several times a month for in-person support, and near constant online counseling. As a part of their other programs, My Sister's Place serves as a temporary shelter for domestic and transnational camp town women. The immediate support that a shelter provides enables women to find temporary safety until they can establish more permanent residence or plan of action. Additionally, as a form of alternate employment for former military prostitutes, a bakery was opened and the women were employed. The bakery worked in conjunction with local college student activists who volunteered to deliver and sell the bread to students on campus allowing the bakery to sustain itself and flourish. As a result, the bakery program has partially funded the other program classes and services like daycare for the women's children.
Political activism
My Sister's Place and related NGOs have become visible participants in kijich'on prostitution and kijich'on movement organizations. These organizations have worked to bring public consciousness to the subjects and fight for policy change through the form of press, policy papers, and reports. One of their efforts was in denouncing the murder of Yoon Kum-Yi and bringing attention to the murder by organizing a large demonstration of 3,000 people. Yoon Kum-Yi who was a sex worker was brutally murdered and mutilated in October 1992 at Camp Casey in South Korea. She was murdered by a U.S. G.I., Kenneth Markle who subsequently became the first American soldier tried in a Korean criminal court for the murder. The result of his trial was a life sentence which was later reduced to 15 years in federal prison.
See also
U.S. Military and Prostitution in South Korea
Kijichon
References
External link
1986 establishments in South Korea
Non-profit organizations based in South Korea
Prostitution in South Korea
Organizations established in 1986
XHCJZ-FM is a radio station on 105.1 FM in Ciudad Jiménez, Chihuahua, Mexico. The station is owned by Sigma Radio and carries the La Ke Buena grupera format from Radiópolis.
History
XHCJZ received its concession in 1994.
While the station's concession is held by Chavero Resendiz, who owns the Sigma Radio stations in Delicias, Chihuahua, until 2020, operation was conducted by Grupo Garza Limón, which primarily operates stations in Durango.
References
Radio stations in Chihuahua
Code Pink: Women for Peace (often stylized as CODEPINK) is a left-wing internationally active non-governmental organization that describes itself as a "grassroots peace and social justice movement working to end U.S.-funded wars and occupations, to challenge militarism globally and to redirect our resources into health care, education, green jobs and other life-affirming activities." In addition to its focus on anti-war issues, it has taken action on issues such as drone strikes, the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Palestinian statehood, the Iran nuclear deal, Saudi Arabia, and Women Cross DMZ.
The organization characterizes itself as female-initiated. It has regional offices in Los Angeles, California and Washington, D.C., and many more chapters in the U.S. as well as several in other countries.
With members wearing the group's signature pink color, Code Pink has conducted marches, protests, and other actions in order to promote its goals. Although women initiated and lead the group, Code Pink encourages men to participate in its activities.
History
Code Pink was founded on November 17, 2002 by Americans activists including Jodie Evans and Medea Benjamin. The group's name is a play on the United States Department of Homeland Security's color-coded alert system in which, for example, Code Orange and Code Red signify the highest levels of danger.
In February 2003, shortly before the invasion of Iraq, Code Pink organized its first trip to that nation, and subsequently led five delegations there. These delegations included parents who had lost their children in Iraq, and parents of active soldiers. Additionally, they brought six Iraqi women on a tour of the United States, and published a report about how the U.S. occupation affected the status of Iraqi women.
On its website, Code Pink lists allegations of U.S. war crimes, and states that thousands of civilians were killed in Fallujah in 2004 due to the actions of the U.S. military. Along with other groups, they gave over $600,000 worth of humanitarian aid to refugees of Fallujah in 2004.
In 2014, Code Pink was awarded the US Peace Prize by the US Peace Memorial Foundation "In Recognition of Inspirational Antiwar Leadership and Creative Grassroots Activism."
Vigil at Walter Reed Army Medical Center
Code Pink participated in vigils at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C. to shed light on the plight of injured soldiers. Code Pink said that the purpose of the vigils was to highlight the lack of care for veterans and that the vigils have helped achieve improvements in that care.
Tucker Carlson interview
In 2006, Code Pink co-founder Medea Benjamin said that it was a myth that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez had limited freedom of speech and eroded civil rights in Venezuela. In May 2007, Benjamin appeared as a guest on talk-show host Tucker Carlson's show, which was then part of MSNBC's schedule. Carlson criticised Benjamin for her statement and asked her: "Do you want to revise that given the news that Hugo Chávez has closed the last nationally broadcast opposition television station for criticizing him?" Benjamin replied that Chávez had not renewed the license of RCTV because the station "participated in a coup against a democratically elected government, his [Chavez's] government." Benjamin also said "Peru recently did not renew a license. Uruguay didn't renew a license. Why do you hold Venezuela to a different standard?"
Carlson responded that a 360-page Venezuelan government-published book accused RCTV of showing lack of respect for authorities and institutions. Carlson asked Benjamin, "I would think, as a self-described liberal, you would stand up for the right of people to 'challenge authorities and institutions.' And yet you are apologizing for the squelching of minority views. Why could that be?" Benjamin replied, "They [RCTV] falsified information. They got people out on the street. They falsified footage that showed pro-Chavez supporters killing people, which did not happen. They refuse to cover any of the pro-Chavez demonstrations."
Ground the Drones
In the summer of 2009, Code Pink began their "Ground the Drones" campaign. This campaign was a response to the Obama administration's continued and increased use of unmanned drones in the "war on terror," specifically in regions surrounding Pakistan and Afghanistan. Code Pink said that many of the drone strikes intended to target terrorist leaders and strongholds often miss their targets, causing the unnecessary deaths of innocent civilians.
"Ground the Drones" was fashioned as a form of non-violent, civil disobedience, similar to protests earlier that spring, by groups such as Voices for Creative Non Violence. Code Pink targeted Creech Air Force Base in Indian Springs, Nevada, claiming it was the "epicenter" for controlling drone activity. The goal of the protest was "halting unmanned aircraft strikes controlled via satellite links from Creech and other bases." The group continued protesting at Creech AFB through November and December 2009. Code Pink returned to Creech AFB in October 2011, along with other protest groups, to mark the 10th anniversary of the occupation of Afghanistan. Protesters dubbed it the "largest anti-war demonstration ever at Creech Air Force Base.
Gaza activities
Code Pink has organized more than seven delegations to Gaza, some of them at the invitation of the United Nations.
Code Pink was criticised by Joshua Block, president and CEO of the Israel Project, for arranging a peace delegation to Iran in January 2019.
Prior to the Gaza Freedom March, Code Pink endorsed the “Cairo Declaration to End Israeli Apartheid", which calls for comprehensive boycott of Israel. During the march, Code Pink co-founder Medea Benjamin coordinated the organization's stay with Hamas. Members resided in the Commodore, a Hamas-owned hotel in Gaza City. Hamas security officials accompanied activists as they visited Palestinian homes and Gaza-based NGOs. Prior to the march, Benjamin said the Hamas government had "pledged to ensure our safety." However, Code Pink leaders claimed Hamas had hijacked the initiative from the onset after imposing prohibitions on the organization's movements around Gaza. Amira Hass referred to the event as "an opportunity for Hamas cabinet ministers to get decent media coverage in the company of Western demonstrators."
Code Pink helped to organize an International Women's Day Delegation to Gaza in March 2014. Upon arrival at the Cairo airport on March 3, 2014, Benjamin was detained and assaulted by Egyptian authorities. She was deported to Turkey after the authorities had dislocated her shoulder. Other members of the international delegation, including American, French, Belgian, and British citizens, who arrived the next day were also deported. Some members made it into Cairo, although no one from the delegation made it to Gaza.
Syrian Civil War and Islamic State
About ten activists of Code Pink demonstrated in U.S. Congress against military attacks in retaliation for Syria's suspected use of chemical weapons against its own people.
Code Pink activists demonstrated in Capitol Hill against the American intervention in Syria and Iraq to stop ISIS.
Arrests during Senate hearing
Code Pink protesters showed up at the Senate Arms Services hearing to heckle Henry Kissinger and called him and chairman Senator John McCain war criminals. Senator McCain restored order and called for the Sergeant at Arms and the Capital Hill Police to escort Code Pink out of the building and called after them "Get out of here you lowlife scum!"
Code Pink member Desiree Fairooz was arrested for laughing after a description of Senator Jeff Sessions by Alabama U.S. Senator Richard Shelby of the nominee as having a history of his "treating all Americans equally under the law is clear and well-documented," during the January 2017 confirmation hearing as United States Attorney General. After she had been convicted at trial, that verdict was reversed by the chief District Court Judge Robert Morin. The judge said Fairooz should not have been tried for laughing, only for speaking out as she was being removed, and called a mistrial. Instead of dismissing the case, Morin set her retrial for September. Fairooz faced up to a year in prison and $2,000 in fines for disruptive and disorderly conduct and obstructing and impeding passage on US Capitol grounds. On November 6, 2017, District of Columbia U.S. Attorney Jessie K. Liu filed a notice of nolle prosequi in the case against Desiree Fairooz. Upon the decision, Code Pink released a statement calling the 3 trials a waste of time and tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars, adding, "These sentences are designed to discourage dissent and prevent activists from engaging in the daily protests that are taking place during a tumultuous time." From the January 20 protests of the inauguration of Donald Trump, the United States Department of Justice is prosecuting 200 people on multiple felony charges.
Support for Iranian weapons programs
In March 2019 while visiting Iran, Code Pink representatives voiced support for Iran's developing missile technology, saying that "since the US has military bases around Iran, it is Iran's right to upgrade its defense capability".
Occupation of the Venezuelan embassy in Washington, D.C.
During the 2019 Venezuelan presidential crisis, the US Government broke relations with the Nicolás Maduro administration and recognized Juan Guaidó as the acting president of Venezuela. On 10 April 2019, after the Maduro administration retired his diplomats from the Venezuelan embassy in Washington, US activists from Code Pink received keycards from the diplomats, moved into the building, and secured all entrances with chains and locks as Carlos Vecchio, Guaidó's ambassador appointed to the US, tried to gain access to the building. The US government considers the embassy as property of Guaidó's interim government. Clashes in May 2019 between US activists and pro-Guaidó Venezuelan demonstrators resulted in arrests on both sides. US authorities issued an eviction notice on the group on May 14. The last four activists were removed from the embassy by agents from the US State Department's Diplomatic Security Service and the US Secret Service on May 16.
At the end of July 2019, some members of Code Pink that occupied the embassy visited Venezuela during the Foro de São Paulo. Maduro posed for pictures with the group and rewarded them with gifts, including a book on Simón Bolívar and a replica of Bolivar's sword.
Later in 2021 Code Pink started collecting signatures to ask for the release of Colombian businessman Alex Saab, arrested and charged by the Justice Department with eight counts of money laundering, accused of moving $350 million out of Venezuela into accounts controlled in the United States.
National day of action to withdraw US troops from Iraq
Following the January 2020 assassination of Qasem Soleimani, leader of Iran's Quds Force, and of Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, leader of Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces by a US drone attack at Baghdad airport, Code Pink together with a number of other civil society groups called for a "national day of action" in 30 large US cities to request the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq. Thousands marched in over 80 cities across the country to protest against a possible war against Iran.
Russian invasion of Ukraine
In 2022, Code Pink criticized the United States for sending military arms to Ukraine to help it defend itself against Russia's invasion.
See also
References
External links
Code Pink
Video (44:07): Medea Benjamin on Code Pink (C-SPAN, September 7, 2013)
2002 establishments in the United States
Anti–Iraq War groups
Civil disobedience
Direct action
Left-wing politics
Organizations established in 2002
Peace organizations based in the United States
