Martha Albrand (1914–1981), born Heidi Huberta Freybe Loewengard was a German-American novelist. Albrand was the name of her Danish great-grandfather.
She was the sister of the actress Jutta Freybe and the writer Johanna Sibelius.
The film Captain Carey, U.S.A. was based on her novel After Midnight.
Bibliography
Novels written as Katrin Holland
Man spricht über Jacqueline, 1926
Wie macht man das nur ???, 1930
Unterwegs zu Alexander: Ein Liebesroman, 1932
Die silberne Wolke: Ein Roman aus unserer Zeit, 1933
Babett auf Gottes Gnaden, 1934
Das Mädchen, das niemand mochte, 1935
Das Frauenhaus, 1935
Carlotta Torresani, 1938
Einsamer Himmel, 1938
Vierzehn Tage mit Edita, 1939
Helene, 1940
The Obsession of Emmet Booth, 1957
Novels written as Martha Albrand
No Surrender, 1942
Without Orders, 1943
Endure No Longer, 1944
None Shall Know, 1945
Remembered Anger, 1946
Whispering Hill, 1947
After Midnight, 1948
Wait for the Dawn, 1950
Desperate Moment, 1951
The Hunted Woman, 1953
Nightmare in Copenhagen, 1954
The Mask of Alexander, 1955
The Story That Could Not Be Told, 1956 (alternative title The Linden)
A Day in Monte Carlo, 1959
Meet Me Tonight, 1960 (alternative title Return to Terror)
A Call from Austria, 1963
The Door fell Shut, 1966
Rhine Replica, 1969
Manhattan North, 1971
Zurich/AZ 900, 1974
A Taste of Terror, 1976
Intermission, 1978 (alternative title Final Encore)
Novels written as Christine Lambert
The Ball, 1961
A Sudden Woman, 1964
Filmography
Die Nacht der großen Liebe (Germany, 1933)
Talking About Jacqueline (Germany, 1937, based on Man spricht über Jacqueline)
Talk About Jacqueline (UK, 1942, based on Man spricht über Jacqueline)
Captain Carey, U.S.A. (1950, based on After Midnight)
Desperate Moment (UK, 1953, based on Desperate Moment)
References
1914 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
German emigrants to the United States
People from the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
20th-century American women writers
People from Rostock
American people of Danish descent
People who emigrated to escape Nazism
Face ( Liǎn; ) is a 2009 Taiwanese-French film written and directed by Tsai Ming-liang.
Plot
Hsiao-Kang, a Taiwanese filmmaker, travels to France to shoot a film in the Louvre. As he is not fluent in French, the director encounters some difficulties. Then, he learns that his mother has died.
Cast
Fanny Ardant - The producer / Queen Herodias
Laetitia Casta - The star / Salomé
Jean-Pierre Léaud - Antoine / King Herode
Lee Kang-sheng - Hsiao-Kang, the director
Lu Yi-ching - Hsiao-Kang's mother
Mathieu Amalric - Man in the bushes
Nathalie Baye
Samuel Ganes
Olivier Martinaud
Jeanne Moreau
François Rimbau
Norman Atun
Chen Shiang-chyi
Chen Chao-jung
Background
Face was written and directed by Tsai Ming-liang. It is set in the Louvre, as the museum had invited Tsai to make a film there. The Louvre contributed 775,000 euros, which was around 20 percent of the entire budget. The film is also inspired by director François Truffaut, and the cast includes several actors who worked with Truffaut.
Face was described as a "meditation on the cinematic process." Like Tsai's other films, Face is about people who are incredibly alienated.
Reception
Face has a 60% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was nominated for the Golden Palm at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. According to Eric Kohn of Indiewire, the film's story is "a bit difficult to follow". He added that "on a visual level, however, it's undoubtedly the prettiest movie in the festival's main competition."
References
External links
2009 films
2000s musical comedy films
2009 multilingual films
Chinese-language films
Films directed by Tsai Ming-liang
2000s French-language films
Taiwanese musical comedy films
Taiwanese multilingual films
Films with screenplays by Tsai Ming-liang
French musical comedy films
French multilingual films
Films set in Paris
2009 comedy films
2000s French films
Zhang Song (died 212), courtesy name Ziqiao, was an official and adviser serving under the warlord Liu Zhang during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China.
Life
Zhang Song was from Shu Commandery (蜀郡), which is located within present-day Chengdu, Sichuan. Later, he started his career as an adviser to Liu Zhang, the Governor of Yi Province during the Eastern Han dynasty. His appointment was Aide-de-camp (別駕從事).
During the late 208, Zhang Song's received his first mission when Liu Zhang sends him after his brother Zhang Su (張肅) as an emissary to Cao Cao. At this time, Cao Cao already had conquered the majority of Jing Province and driven off Liu Bei at the battle of Changban and so didn't employ Zhang Song which greatly angered him. The Han Jin Chunqiu (漢晉春秋) add some precision, that when they met, Cao Cao was condescended with Zhang Song and didn't show any interest in him. Because of this attitude, when he returned Zhang Song advised Liu Zhang to cut his relation with Cao Cao.
Following this, Cao Cao lost the battle of Chibi and many of his men died from disease. When Zhang Song returned, he harshly criticized Cao Cao and advised Liu Zhang to sever his relation with Cao Cao unilaterally. However, he encouraged him to establish friendly relation with Liu Bei advocating that they were from the same clan. Liu Zhang agreed to his proposal and had Fa Zheng sent to begin talks with Liu Bei. Not long after, along with Meng Da. Fa Zheng was ordered to lead several thousand soldiers to help Liu Bei in his defence of Jing. Fa Zheng afterwards was called back.
Around 211, when Liu Zhang received news that Cao Cao, the warlord who controlled the Han central government and the figurehead Emperor Xian, was planning to attack Zhang Lu, another warlord in the neighbouring Hanzhong Commandery, he became fearful that Cao Cao would attack Yi Province after defeating Zhang Lu. During this time, Zhang Song advised Liu Zhang to invite Liu Bei to lead his troops into Yi Province and help Liu Zhang deal with Zhang Lu. Zhang Song told him: "Cao Cao's armies are strong and without a match in the empire. If he was able to use Zhang Lu's grain stores and launch an invasion of Yi province, who could stop him." Liu Zhang answered that he was worried but without a plan. Zhang Song answered: "Liu Bei is of the same clan as you and he is an unstoppable rival of Cao Cao. He commands troops with talent. If we used him to conquer Zhang Lu, Zhang Lu would surely be defeated. With Zhang Lu vanquished, Yi province would be safe and even if Cao Cao were to come, he would be defeated."
Some time passed and Zhang Song again pressed Liu Zhang. :
Liu Zhang heeded Zhang Song's advice and ordered his subordinate Fa Zheng to lead 4,000 men to welcome Liu Bei into Yi Province, in addition to presenting Liu Bei with several precious gifts. Against the advice of Huang Quan who thought of the disadvantages of such a course and the remonstrances of the attendant Wang Lei (王累) from Guanghan (廣漢) who hanged himself at the city gate in sign of protest. However, Liu Zhang didn't listen to any of them and even ordered the different places to supply Liu Bei's army.
Liu Bei led thousands of his troops into Yi Province and met Liu Zhang at Fu County (涪縣; present-day Mianyang, Sichuan). He also met Zhang Song and Fa Zheng who privately disapproved of Liu Zhang's governance and looked at Liu Bei as a solution for a legitimate successor. When Liu Bei met them, he welcomed them warmly and treated them with kindness. He used this opportunity to learn more about crucial information about Yi Province such as geography, supplies and deployment of military forces. Zhang Song even drew a map of Yi Province and gave it to Liu Bei. As time passed, Zhang Song conceived the idea of betraying Liu Zhang and helping Liu Bei seize control of Yi Province from Liu Zhang, so he contacted Fa Zheng, who agreed to join him. With their help, Liu Bei learned all about Yi province. Liu Zhang invited Liu Bei to join him in Yi Province to capture Hanzhong Commandery before Cao Cao did.
Liu Bei led an expedition force of several ten thousands soldiers into Yi Province after leaving behind Zhuge Liang, Guan Yu, Zhang Fei and Zhao Yun to guard Jing Province. Liu Zhang welcomed Liu Bei, when they saw each other, both of them were friendly. Before this Zhang Song told Fa Zheng to report to Liu Bei, that with the counsellor Pang Tong backing, they could ambush Liu Zhang at the meeting spot. However Liu Bei thought that the plan was too hasty for such an important act.
In winter 212, Fa Zheng, Zhang Song and Meng Da set into motion their plan but they worried that Liu Bei would leave. They said to him that now that success is near, how could he give up and leave. At this time, Zhang Song's brother Zhang Su (張肅), found out about his brother's plot and secret communications with Liu Bei. Afraid of being implicated, Zhang Su secretly reported his brother's plot to Liu Zhang, who had Zhang Song arrested and executed and ordered his officers guarding the passes to Chengdu to keep secret documents and letters to Liu Bei. When Liu Bei heard about Zhang Song's death, he exclaimed, "Junjiao killed my spy!"
Family
Zhang Song's elder brother Zhang Su (張肅) whose courtesy name was Junjiao (君矯) was also from Shu Commandery (蜀郡). When he was sent as an emissary to Cao Cao previously to Zhang Song, he impressed him and was appointed as Administrator of Guanghan (廣漢太守). Both brothers looked very different from each other as Zhang Su was a tall man with an imposing and majestuous appearance while Zhang Song was a rather short man who did not exercise restraint and was known as debauched. However, Zhang Song was also a very knowledgeable man with a good discernment hence he possessed talent and ability. When Liu Zhang sent him to Cao Cao, Cao Cao wasn't polite to him. But the master of records Yang Xiu deeply respected him. And even recommended Cao Cao to have Zhang Song joined his personal staff but Cao Cao didn't listen to him. When Yang Xiu showed him the military books that Cao Cao had written, Zhang Song quickly had all of them read and memorized them through and through. After this event, Yang Xiu esteemed him even more.
Zhang Biao (張表), whose courtesy name was Boda (伯達) was chosen to administer the south after Ma Zhong. At first, Zhang Biao was the son of Zhang Su but when Liu Bei conquered Yi province, he refused to employ Zhang Su and hated him greatly for his role in Zhang Song's death. Since Zhang Song's children were killed by association with him when Liu Zhang discovered his intrigue. He had Zhang Biao posthumously adopted by him to continue his line.
In Romance of the Three Kingdoms
In the 14th-century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Zhang Song is portrayed as a short, buck-toothed man with a short nose, who does not command respect for his ugly looks. In the novel, his courtesy name is Yongnian (永年).
Liu Zhang sends Zhang Song as an envoy to meet Cao Cao. He brings with him a map of Yi Province and hopes to present it to Cao Cao and aid him in conquering Yi Province from Liu Zhang. However, Cao Cao dislikes Zhang Song for his appearance and treats him rudely. In retaliation, Zhang Song makes sarcastic remarks to humiliate Cao Cao, who orders his men to beat up Zhang Song and chase him away.
Zhang Song is deeply upset by Cao Cao's attitude towards him so he leaves for Jing Province and meets Liu Bei along the way. Liu Bei treats Zhang Song like an honoured guest. Zhang Song is so impressed with Liu Bei's hospitality that he presents the map to Liu Bei and urges him to conquer Yi Province from Liu Zhang. He also introduces his colleagues Fa Zheng and Meng Da to Liu Bei and tells him that they will aid him in defeating Liu Zhang.
Zhang Song is executed by Liu Zhang after the latter discovers that he is plotting against him.
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
Notes
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Luo, Guanzhong (14th century). Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguo Yanyi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
2nd-century births
212 deaths
Liu Zhang and associates
Liu Bei and associates
Han dynasty politicians
People executed by the Han dynasty
Suzanne Lapointe, C.M. (16 May 1934 – 2 January 2015) was a Canadian singer, actress and television presenter.
Biography
Suzanne Lapointe was born in Montreal on 16 May 1934, the second of six children of Armand Lapointe, a commercial traveler, and Lucette Brousseau, who created clothing. With a voice worthy of a prima donna, she went initially towards her study of singing as a young girl after her classical studies. Initiated by her singing aunt Marthe, who was a soprano for Variétés lyriques, she studied classical singing at the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal where she also studied acting with Jean Valcourt and drama in Sita Riddez's class. In 1959, she successfully auditioned to become a hostess on the television show La Poule aux oeufs d'or, which became a gateway to the artistic field in Quebec. In 1960, she received a grant from the Canada Council for the Arts, which allowed her to spend two years singing in New York City. From time to time, she sang in television programs including L'heure du concert and Music-Hall.
An outstanding cook, Lapointe animated Attention c'est chaud on Télévision de Radio-Canada, a show on cooking with young chef Daniel Vézina, and published more than twelve books of recipes from 1970 to 1984, including La cuisine de maman Lapointe and Plaisir de recevoir. However, her career reached a peak in 1987 when she co-animated Les Démons du midi with comedian Gilles Latulippe. Their madness and laughter invaded homes around Quebec every day of the week for six years with a total of 1,050 shows, Suzanne's unique and communicative laughter being a distinctive sign. Having survived breast cancer in the mid-1990s shortly after her husband's death, she became very involved in the cause to find a cure.
In 2009, the Order of Canada introduced:
Without children and a widow of Pierre Larin for about twenty years, but surrounded by her four surviving sisters (Louise, Andrée, Claire and Isabelle) and their children, she was suffering from Alzheimer's disease for a few years before she died from lymphoma on 2 January 2015 at a retirement home in Sainte-Adèle where she lived for four months.
Honours
2006: Knight of the Order of La Pléiade
2008: Member of the Order of Canada (insignia passed on 15 May 2009)
References
Canadian television hosts
Deaths from lymphoma
French-language singers of Canada
People with Alzheimer's disease
1934 births
2015 deaths
20th-century Canadian actresses
Actresses from Montreal
Deaths from cancer in Quebec
Members of the Order of Canada
Singers from Montreal
20th-century Canadian women singers
Canadian women television hosts
Hove railway station serves Hove in the county of East Sussex, England. It is measured from . The station and the majority of trains serving it are operated by Southern.
Gatwick Express trains stable at Hove from time to time.
It is the closest railway station to the County Cricket Ground, Hove where Sussex CCC play matches.
History
The original Hove railway station, situated further to the east, opened on 11 May 1840 by the London & Brighton Railway, on its line from Brighton to Shoreham-by-Sea, designed by the architect David Mocatta. It closed on 1 March 1880, and the site became part of Holland Road Goods Depot. A wooden halt named Holland Road Halt was also opened a short distance to the west in 1905, served by local trains towards Worthing and on the branch line to Devil's Dyke. This closed in 1956, and no trace now remains of its platforms.
The present Hove station was opened on 1 October 1865. It was originally named Cliftonville, then West Brighton, before being renamed Hove and West Brighton in 1894 and finally Hove' in 1895.
Station architecture
The original station building, dating from the station's opening in 1865, is on the south side of the line and to the east of the present ticket office and concourse, being separated from this by a long footbridge (a public right of way) linking the residential roads of Goldstone Villas and Hove Park Villas. The section of road on which the original building stands is called Station Approach. It is currently in commercial use. The design is very similar to that of the buildings still in use at West Worthing, Shoreham-by-Sea, Portslade and London Road stations, and the former Kemp Town station in Brighton.
In 1893, coinciding with the first renaming, a new building was provided to the west. This contains the current ticket office and other station facilities. A large steel and glass porte-cochere stands outside at an angle, sheltering the taxi rank, forecourt and entrance area. This was moved from London Victoria following rebuilding works there which had rendered it redundant.
The island platform is reached by subway; access from the footbridge between the old and new buildings is no longer possible, as the stairs from it are locked out of use. This platform has a modest building incorporating a café, staff accommodation and waiting room, with a separate toilet block. A wide canopy runs for most of the length of the platform.
Future developments
In 2007, a Department for Transport white paper on the Thameslink Programme contained proposals to extend the Thameslink network to various additional routes in southern England; one of these would have been the section of the West Coastway line between Hove and Littlehampton, with services running via the Cliftonville Curve from the Brighton Main Line. Two trains per peak hour have been extended from London Bridge to Bedford from 20 May 2018 and an extra service will join in December 2018
Layout
There are three platforms- Platforms 1 and 2 can be (and are) used for any combination of arrival or departure. Platform 3 cannot be used for arrivals from the West Coastway or departures towards London in the up direction.
Services
The station is situated a short distance west of the junction between the West Coastway line from Brighton and the Cliftonville Curve, which connects the West Coastway route with the Brighton Main Line. As a result, the station is often used for interchange between Brighton trains and those running to and from London Victoria via the Brighton Main Line. An island platform allows straightforward cross-platform interchange. A separate side platform, with direct access to the station concourse and exit, is used for westbound services.
The typical off-peak service pattern is as follows:
Eastbound
6tph to
2tph to
Westbound
1tph to
1tph to
2tph to
2tph to West Worthing
3tpd Thameslink to
Until May 2022, Great Western Railway operated limited services between Brighton, Portsmouth Harbour and Bristol Temple Meads that called at Hove.
See also
Grade II listed buildings in Brighton and Hove: E–H
References
External links
My Brighton and Hove - Holland Road Halt
My Brighton and Hove - the original Hove station and surroundings
Route description
David Mocatta railway stations
Former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway stations
Grade II listed buildings in Brighton and Hove
Grade II listed railway stations
Hove
Railway stations in Brighton and Hove
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1865
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
DfT Category C2 stations
Cornriggs Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Upper Weardale in north-west County Durham, England. It consists of a group of fields, located in the Wear valley, 1 km north-west of the village of Cowshill. Most of the fields are maintained as hay meadows by traditional farming methods.
Among a varied grassland flora, one field contains a large colony of a rare lady's mantle, Alchemilla acutiloba , which is endemic to Weardale and Teesdale.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Meadows in County Durham
Stanhope, County Durham
Çukurca is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 82 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ravna Gora is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 104 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Dan Domenech, is an American actor best known for his understudy portrayal of Jason Dean in Heathers: The Musical, Drew in the Broadway theatre musical Rock of Ages (musical) and a recurring guest appearance on Glee (TV series). Domenech has also appeared in the pre-Broadway runs of Wonderland (musical) and Sister Act (musical). National/International tours include Rent (musical) and Rock of Ages (musical). He also played Che in Evita in Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival 2017.
Early life
Domenech grew up in Farmingdale, New York, and went to Vocational school for computer graphics and web design. An active member of the Long Island theater community, he performed in multiple shows at The Cultural Arts Playhouse.
Acting career
Domenech began his acting career as part of the cast of the musical Rent, and toured with the show from 2002 to 2006. He then acted in the pre Broadway run of Sister Act (musical) in 2006 and 2007 and the regional premier of Altar Boyz in 2007. For the next two years he served as an associate choreographer for television and film including Step Brothers (film),Semi-Pro, Fame (2009 film) and the music video for Chasing Pavements which earned a 2008 MTV Video Music Award nomination for Best Choreography. He also was the understudy for JD in the Off-Broadway performance of Heathers The Musical.
Domenech performed in the pre-Broadway run of Wonderland in 2009. He was part of the first national tour of Rock of Ages in 2010 and played Drew in the Broadway production for the next two years. In 2012 Domenech appeared as Chase Madison on Season 4 of Glee on Fox and performed in the Disney Theatrical Productions workshop of Aladdin
In 2013 Domenech played the title role in a stage adaptation of Tarzan The Stage Musical at Meralco Theater.
Domenech understudied the role of Jason Dean, Kurt Kelly and Ram Sweeney in the off-Broadway production of Heathers.
Filmography
Television
Theatre
Personal life
When not on tour, Domenech lives in New York. He's been involved with several non-profit organizations including Love146, Lollipop Theater Network which bring movies currently in theaters to children confined to hospitals due to chronic or life-threatening illnesses and award-winning non for profit Broadway Sings for Pride.
References
Living people
American male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of statutes from 2017 to the present. For lists of earlier statutes, see Lists of Statutes of New Zealand.
This is a list of Statutes of New Zealand for the period of the Sixth Labour Government of New Zealand (2017–present).
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
References
External links
The above list may not be current and will contain errors and omissions. For more accurate information see:
New Zealand Legislation
Lists of statutes of New Zealand
Tisata ( ) is a nature reserve in south-western Bulgaria. It is situated in Kresna Municipality, Blagoevgrad Province. The reserve is managed by the administration of Pirin National Park despite the fact it lies outside the limits of the park.
Statute and location
Tisata was declared a nature reserve by Order No. 6633 of the Ministry of Forestry on 5 December 1949 under the name Tisova Barchina to protect the largest natural habitat of Greek juniper (Juniperus excelsa) in Bulgaria. Initially it encompassed a territory of 19 ha but was expanded several times and nowadays occupies 584 ha or 5.84 km2, as well as a buffer zone of 420 ha. The borders of the reserve were determined in 1991.
The territory of the reserve is divided into two separate sections by the southern reaches of the Kresna Gorge on the Struma River. The western section occupies the eastern slopes of the Maleshevo mountain range, while the eastern one is situated on the north-western slopes of the Pirin mountains. The altitude of the reserve ranges between 300 and 700 m. In terms of geology the most common rock type is gneiss. The climate is continental Mediterranean; the predominant soil type are leached cinnamon forest soils. The soils on the foothills of Pirin are partially exposed to erosion.
Flora
There are 460 species of vascular plants. About 80% of the reserve's territory is covered by forests dominated by Greek juniper, a relict species that evolved in Asia Minor. There trees are 10 to 15 m but some individuals can reach 20 m and a diameter of 1 m. The Greek juniper forms monotypic or mixed forests with trees such as Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis), pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens) and South European flowering ash (Fraxinus ornus). Rarer tree or large shrub species include Jerusalem thorn (Paliurus spina-christi) and prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus). Another important tree species is the evergreen European yew (Taxus baccata).
There are a number of Mediterranean herbaceous plants such as Fritillaria graeca, Colchicum bivonae, Anemone pavonina, woodland tulip (Tulipa sylvestris), etc.
Fauna
The fauna includes many species that are found in the southernmost regions of Europe. The ornithofauna is very diverse and includes 109 nesting species in the reserve's limited territory. There are 62 species of European conservation importance. In 1997 the reserve, the buffer zone and the Moravska protected area were declared a site of ornithological importance. Of the breeding bird species 30% are characteristic for the Mediterranean biome, including blue rock thrush, common rock thrush, western Orphean warbler, Sardinian warbler, eastern subalpine warbler, olive-tree warbler, eastern black-eared wheatear, black-headed bunting, masked shrike, western rock nuthatch, rock partridge, etc. Important birds of prey include short-toed snake eagle and Eurasian eagle-owl.
The herpetofauna is also varied and includes 11 snake species, such as European ratsnake, Dahl's whip snake, European cat snake, four-lined snake and European blind snake, and two turtle taxa, spur-thighed tortoise and Hermann's tortoise.
References
References
External links
Nature reserves in Bulgaria
Pirin
Geography of Blagoevgrad Province
Tourist attractions in Blagoevgrad Province
Protected areas established in 1949
1949 establishments in Bulgaria
Garan Croft is a Welsh amateur boxer who won a silver medal at the 2022 European Championships. His twin brother, Ioan, is also an amateur boxer. The twins come from Crymych.
Garan Croft fights at light-middleweight, whilst his brother fights in the welterweight division. The brothers took up boxing together at Cardigan ABC. The Welsh-speaking brothers were featured in an S4C television documentary prior to the Commonwealth Games 2022, for which they were both selected to represent Wales. Although they are sparring partners, they fight at different weights partly because their mother insists that they do not fight against one another in a serious bout. On the same weekend that Garan was awarded a bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, his brother Ioan won a gold medal.
References
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Welsh male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Boxers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Taurochenodeoxycholic acid is a bile acid formed in the liver of most species, including humans, by conjugation of chenodeoxycholic acid with taurine. It is secreted into bile and then into intestine. It is usually ionized at physiologic pH, although it can be crystallized as the sodium salt.
It acts as detergent to solubilize fats in the small intestine and is itself absorbed by active transport in the terminal ileum.
It is used as a cholagogue and choleretic.
See also
Tauroursodeoxycholic acid, an epimer
See article about Taurodeoxycholic acid as an interferent in Perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) mass spectrometry analysis.
References
Bile acids
Sulfonic acids
Carboxamides
Diols
Cholanes
Luis Miqueles Caridi (July 30, 1911 – August 12, 2000) was commander in chief of the Chilean Army.
Caridi was a Chilean soldier who held the rank of army general and was commander in chief of the Chilean Army from July 5, 1967, to May 3, 1968.
Military career
In 1929, he graduated from the Military School as an engineer's ensign, but in 1953 he switched to the telecommunications weapon when he was a lieutenant colonel. Due to this, he was mainly assigned to engineer units, commanding the Engineer Regiment No. 1 "Atacama".
He was a assistant director of the Military School and director of the Telecommunications School (1956 and 1958, respectively). He was also a military attaché at the Chilean Embassy in Argentina.
In 1964 he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general. Then, as a major general, he was appointed chief of the Army's general staff and on July 5 of that same year he was promoted to the position of commander-in-chief of the Army, which he held until May 3, 1968. During his administration, he gave a great impulse to the telecommunications weapon, structuring several units of the weapon, the youngest of the Chilean Army. During his career, he specialized in the area of military geography, teaching at the Military School and the Naval School.
Afterlife
He was a member of the Council of State between 1988 and 1990.
He died on August 13, 2000, at the Military Hospital of Santiago, at the age of 89.
References
1911 births
Chilean Army generals
2000 deaths
Ellice Swamp is a large woodlot in Perth County, Ontario. The swamp covers approximately 856 hectares (2,115 acres). It is located between Stratford and Milverton in the northeastern portion of the Thames River Watershed, between the North Branch of the Thames and the Nith River.
Historically, it was known as Ellice Huckleberry Swamp and was part of the Huron Tract administered by the Canada Company. The wetland is 100% palustrine with 100% organic substrates.
It is primarily owned by the Upper Thames River Conservation Authority; the northern section of Ellice Swamp being owned by the Grand River Conservation Authority.
Flora and fauna
Although the swamp is covered with sphagnum moss, woody vegetation is replacing the traditional wet bog species. Poplar, black ash and silver maple forest cover most of the area. Although the swamp's historical name "Huckleberry Swamp" suggests the presence of the huckleberry plant, it has been eliminated from the area.
Golden winged warbler
The golden-winged warbler is a New World warbler. It breeds in southeastern and south-central Canada and the Appalachian Mountains northeastern to north-central United States. The majority (~70%) of the global population breeds in Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Manitoba. Golden-winged warbler populations are slowly expanding northwards, but are generally declining across its range, most likely as a result of habitat loss and competition/interbreeding with the very closely related blue-winged warbler.
According to the Upper Thames River Conservation Authority, the golden-winged warbler is found only at the Ellice Swamp within Perth County.
See also
Grand River Conservation Authority
Sifton Bog
References
External links
Swamp Friends: Friends of Ellice & Gadshill Swamps
Thames River Conservation Authority
Wetlands of Ontario
Natural areas in Ontario
Geography of Perth County, Ontario
Nature reserves in Ontario
Stratford, Ontario
Irene Stolofsky (1896 – July 28, 1950), sometimes billed as Irene Stolofsky Davis after 1926, was a violinist from Chicago. She made several recordings in the 1910s, and toured the United States and Canada on the Chautauqua circuit in the 1920s.
Early life
Stolofsky was born in Chicago, the daughter of Meyer Stolofsky and Anna Barkman Stolofsky. She trained as a violinist with Hugh (Harry) Dimond at the Metropolitan Conservatory of Music in Chicago.
Career
Stolofsky made several recordings between 1915 and 1917. In the 1919–1920 season, she toured with Bohumir Kryl's Orchestral Sextette, as the group's leader. She was active on the Chautauqua circuit in the 1920s, billed as the Irene Stolofsky Company, working with various vocalists and pianists, including Grace Johnson Konold, George Imbrie, Magdalene Massman, and Herbert Macfarren. "Miss Stolofsky is quite a dazzling virtuoso," wrote one California critic in 1923, "She is very certain in her technique, and never flinches at such an exhibition of fireworks as is contained in Hubay's Scenes de la Szarda. At the same time she has a singing tone of great power and depth."
She continued playing for audiences, though not on national tours, after her marriage in 1926. She was still performing and teaching violin in the Chicago area in 1944, when she appeared in a musical program by the Illinois Federation of Music Clubs.
Personal life
Irene Stolofsky married Meyer Davis in October 1926. She died in 1950, aged 54 years, in Chicago.
References
1896 births
1950 deaths
Musicians from Chicago
American classical violinists
Women classical violinists
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American women musicians
HMS Queen Emma was a commando troop ship of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Built as a civilian passenger liner in 1939 by De Schelde at Vlissingen, she was named the MS Koningin Emma, after Queen Emma of the Netherlands, and operated by Stoomvaart Maatschappij Zeeland (SMZ) (The Zealand Steamship Company) between Flushing and Harwich, along with her sister ship, MS Prinses Beatrix. After fleeing to Britain after the German invasion in 1940, she was requisitioned by the British Ministry of War Transport, renamed HMS Queen Emma and converted to a troopship at Harland and Wolff's yard in Belfast. During the war her main role was transporting British Commandos, and she participated in the Lofoten Islands Raid and the Dieppe Raid. She had the advantage of a high speed that allowed hit and run operations. Later designated as a Landing Ship, Infantry (Medium) she took part in the landings in North Africa, Sicily and Normandy. She operated in the Indian Ocean, and in the Dutch East Indies after the end of the war. In 1946 Queen Emma was returned to her owners and continued to operate as ferry from the Hook of Holland until 1969, when she was scrapped in Antwerp, Belgium.
Construction
The MS Koningin Emma was ordered by the Zeeland Steamship Company (SMZ) in December 1937 to operate between Vlissingen (Flushing) and Harwich. The keel was laid on 7 May 1938 at the De Schelde shipyard at Vlissingen, and the ship was launched on 14 January 1939 by Queen Wilhelmina. However the Emma stuck on the slipway and it took more than four hours to free her.
During sea trials Koningin Emma made more than which was more than was contractually agreed. On 19 May 1939 the ship was handed over to the SMZ. It had a gross tonnage of 4,135 tons and was capable of carrying 1,800 passengers. Propulsion was provided by two 2-stroke Sulzer diesel engines with a total output of 12,500 shp.
Service history
Koningin Emma entered service on 4 June 1939, but after the outbreak of war on 1 September 1939, was withdrawn, and remained in port. On 10 May 1940 the Germans launched their invasion of the Netherlands, dropping mines in the Schelde estuary, and bombing and strafing shipping. Koningin Emma promptly fled, arriving at London on 15 May.
Troop transport
Two days later the British Ministry of War Transport chartered her as a troop transport. She was fitted with "degaussing" coils as protection against German magnetic mines and sailed with her original civilian crew on board in addition to a Dutch Marine detachment.
The ship was ordered to take French troops evacuated to England from Dunkirk back to Brest to continue the fight. She left Plymouth on 2 June and sailed with 1,712 aboard, accompanied by the French corvette Commandant Rivière. They returned the next day, then sailed once more with approximately 1,500 men on board, returning with British troops. On 16 June Koningin Emma, made her last voyage to Brest. By now the Germans had occupied most of northern France, so she was ordered to Bayonne on 20 June where 1,482 evacuees were boarded.
Koningin Emma then took part in the British occupation of Iceland, landing troops and equipment. In September 1940 Koningin Emma was formally taken over by the Admiralty to be converted into an "assault ship" at the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast. The upper deck was largely cleared and gravity davits installed enabling six LCAs and two LCM(1)s to be carried, along with 450 troops. Koningin Emma was armed with two 12-pounder guns, two 2-pounders, four Hotchkiss 20 mm machine guns, and four .303 cal. machine guns. The ship was commissioned as HMS Queen Emma on 22 January 1941 as a special service ship.
Lofoten Raid
Her first major action in her new role was Operation Claymore, a raid on the Lofoten Islands in northern Norway. On 22 February 1941 Queen Emma arrived at Scapa Flow, where men of 4 Commandoes boarded, as well as Royal Engineer demolition experts and a contingent of Norwegian troops. The British ships – five destroyers and two troop ships – entered the Vestfjord on the morning of 4 March, and launched their attack. Surprise was complete and there was little resistance. All targets selected were located and destroyed. The troops were embarked by 13.00 hours and within half an hour the British had left. After returning to England Queen Emma was used for the training and exercise of Special Forces in Scotland.
South Atlantic
In late 1941 she was selected to join the forces gathered at Freetown, Sierra Leone, for Operation Pilgrim, the planned occupation of the Canary Islands, if either the Spanish or the Germans captured Gibraltar. After maintenance at Glasgow Queen Emma sailed to Freetown, arriving on 5 October 1941. However, it soon became clear that Franco did not plan to join the Axis, nor was he prepared to allow the German troops free passage through Spain to attack Gibraltar, and the operation was cancelled.
On 4 November 1941 the British navy tanker reported that she had been attacked by a German raider, between Natal, Brazil and Freetown. Queen Emma was one of the ships sent to search. No German raider was found and the Admiralty assumed that a German U-boat had shot at the tanker. However, on 22 November the was sunk by the British cruiser in the southern Atlantic close to Ascension Island, and on 1 December the cruiser sank the German supply ship Python in the same area. Almost all the crews from both ships were taken aboard German and Italian submarines. The British feared that the Germans would try to land on Ascension and overwhelm the tiny garrison. Queen Emma was hurriedly loaded with troops and set sail. However, while en route it was learned that the German crewmen were on their way to Bordeaux and the ship was recalled.
On 14 February 1942 Queen Emma left Freetown, and returned to England for refitting, after which she was reclassified as a Landing Ship, Infantry (Medium).
Dieppe Raid
In April 1942 Queen Emma was selected to take part in a raid on the French coast at Dieppe. On the evening of 18 August 1942 a fleet of more than 200 ships sailed across the Channel. Queen Emma and the former Belgian ship Princess Astrid landed men of the Royal Regiment of Canada on "Blue Beach" to the east of Dieppe at Puys. However, the raid was not a success, and the losses were high.
Invasion of North Africa
Queen Emma was then assigned to Training Squadron D based on the Clyde, carrying out exercises with Special Forces and practising the landing of ground troops on enemy beaches. All these exercises were in preparation for the landings in North Africa, Operation Torch. On 26 October 1942 Queen Emma received troops from the 1st Battalion of the U.S. 6th Armored Infantry Regiment, then joined Convoy KMF-1 for North Africa, landing her troops west of Oran.
The Moonlight Squadron
Queen Emma remained in the western Mediterranean, supplying and transporting reinforcements for the First Army. On the evening of Friday, 13 November 1942, Queen Emma left Algiers with units of the British 78th Infantry Division for Bône, close to the front line. On the return trip to Algiers she was repeatedly attacked by German aircraft, but made port without damage.
Queen Emma, her sister ship Princess Beatrix, and the former Burn & Laird Lines ships and became known as the "Moonlight Squadron" for their preference for operating at night. After the fall of Tunis in May 1943 the ships received a special commendation from the Allied Army Commanders and a letter from the British Admiral Andrew Cunningham, the commander in chief of the western Mediterranean.
Invasion of Sicily
Queen Emma was then attached to the ships of Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily. The British sector was greatly hampered by severe German air attacks, and on 17 July 1943 the Queen Emma was hit, with 18 killed and 70 wounded. The ship sailed to Malta for repairs. Her speed had been reduced to , so she was downgraded to troop transport vessel. After the Italian capitulation on 8 September 1943 she escorted units of the Italian fleet to Malta, and soon afterwards sailed back to England for a complete overhaul.
Invasion of France
Queen Emma then began landing exercises in preparation for Operation Overlord, the invasion of France. On 6 June 1944 Queen Emma sailed with Canadian troops to Normandy. The ship was part of the transport group of the Eastern Naval Task Force under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Chandler. In the weeks after D-Day Queen Emma completed numerous voyages between England and the French coast, carrying men of the U.S. 8th Air Force, and a number of British Guards Divisions, as well as units of the English ATS and Wrens, despite the danger of German coastal batteries, E-boats and midget submarines.
At the end of 1944, during the Battle of the Bulge Queen Emma helped transport the British 6th Airborne Division from England to France as reinforcements. It would be her last European mission. She had crossed the North Sea 43 times, sailing approximately 20,000 miles and had transported 30,000 Allied troops.
Indian Ocean
Queen Emma was decommissioned to be adapted for service in tropical waters at Harland & Wolff at Belfast. The works were completed on 29 March 1945, and on 5 May Queen Emma sailed with Convoy KMF-44 for India, arriving at Bombay on the 26th. Queen Emma remained in India until the Japanese surrender in August. She then took part in Operation Jurist – the reoccupation of Penang by British Marines.
She then embarked French troops, and escorted by the , sailed to Saigon. On the return trip, Queen Emma was damaged by an acoustic mine. Her main engines were knocked out and the ship had to be towed. However, emergency repairs were made and she reached Singapore under her own power.
After this Queen Emma transported Dutch women and children from Japanese concentration camps, and took British troops to Batavia, Semarang and Soerabaja.
Return to the Netherlands
In January 1946 the ship was ordered to return to England, arriving at Portsmouth on 6 March 1946. The landing craft, weapons, and other military equipment was removed and on 29 April 1946 the Queen Emma arrived back in her home port of Vlissingen after an absence of six years to be handed back to the Dutch Government. The ship was officially returned to SMZ in early March 1946 and resumed her original name MS Koningin Emma.
Post-war shortages of materials and labour meant that it was 5 March 1948 before Koningin Emma could return to service, sailing for the first time to Harwich from the Hook of Holland. She remained in service on the same route until 1968, when she was replaced by a new generation of roll-on/roll-off ships. The thirty-year-old Koningin Emma was taken out of service and sold for scrap just before the year's end in Antwerp.
References
External links
Ships of Stoomvaart Maatschappij Zeeland
Ships built in Belfast
Ministry of War Transport ships
Troop ships of the Royal Navy
Commandos (United Kingdom)
1939 ships
An Unfinished Journey is a posthumous collection of essays by Shiva Naipaul, published by Hamish and Hamilton in 1986.
The foreword is written by the author's father-in-law, Douglas Stuart, who creates a short biographical sketch of the author, describing Shiva as a writer who gained in discipline but was painfully slow, even at times spending an entire afternoon trying to finish a sentence. He also asked Naipaul why he had lost the comic tone in his writing, and wrote that Naipaul attributed it to the arresting horror of witnessing the aftermath of the Jonestown Massacre, part of his research for the book Black & White.
The essays in the collection are in part autobiographical, such as those on Shiva's relationship with his brother VS Naipaul, and his experiences in Australia and other countries. The titular essay is the beginning of an unfinished (due to death) travel book about South East Asia. Also included is an essay called "The Illusion of the Third World", originally commissioned by Channel 4 Television.
References
1986 books
Essay collections
The Minutes are a three-piece rock band from Dublin, Ireland consisting of Mark Austin, Tom Cosgrave & Shane Kinsella. Début album Marcata was released on 20 May 2011 in Ireland.
History (2006 - present)
The Minutes were formed in 2006 in Dublin, Ireland. After several years of performing live in Dublin, the band recorded their debut album in October 2009 at Marcata Recordings in Upstate New York. Together with producer Kevin McMahon, the band recorded a ten-track album that replicated the highlights of their live performances, including "Secret History", "Believer" and "In my Time of Dying".
On 3 March 2011, The Minutes appeared on Other Voices on RTÉ Two television in Ireland performing two of their songs off their debut album.
On Saturday 19 March 2011 they appeared on The Saturday Night Show, performing their single "Black Keys".
Their debut album Marcata was released on 20 May 2011 in Ireland.
The Minutes performed at the Eurosonic Festival in 2012 when Ireland was the "Spotlight Country".
Irish musician and DJ Rob Smith said that the band were "one of, if not then the finest rock & roll band to have ever come out of Ireland" in a 2013 interview.
Paul McLoone, a radio presenter with the Irish national and independent radio station, Today FM and also the frontman for the Northern Irish band, The Undertones who are also friends with the Minutes appeared in the video for the Minutes's single, "Cherry Bomb", playing an unnamed Elvis Impersonator with the video itself being released in March 2014.
Touring
The band have toured extensively in Ireland and the UK with Albert Hammond Jnr The Strokes, The Pigeon Detectives, The Von Bondies, Supergrass and Flogging Molly. Soon after a year-long residency at Dublin's live music staple, Whelans in 2009 The Minutes headed off to Marcata Recordings in upstate New York to record their debut album with producer Kevin McMahon. This was followed by a critically acclaimed performance at SXSW in Texas in March 2010. In November 2010, they supported The Parlotones in the O2 Shepherd's Bush Empire, London and, in December 2010, they supported Black Rebel Motorcycle Club in Belfast.
Touring 2011
19 January Supported The Phantom Band in Whelans, Dublin.
17 February Supported Mona in Whelans.
20 March Supported The Wombats in The Academy, Dublin.
9–24 April Supported Fight Like Apes on their tour of Ireland.
May Great Escape Festival Brighton, England
June Supported The Cult on both Dublin shows
June Irish Tour
8–10 July played Oxegen.
30 July played Castlepalooza, Tullamore.
August Reading & Leeds Festivals UK
23–24 August Supporting Flogging Molly in Dublin & Belfast.
September Electric Picnic Festival Ireland
15 October played Whelans, Dublin T
October Irish Tour
CMJ Festival NYC
22–23 October Supporting Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds Dublin, Olympia
November - Extensive European tour supporting Flogging Molly
December Headline German tour
First official UK headline show, London
Band members
Mark Austin - Lead Vocals & Rhythm Guitar
Tom Cosgrave - Bass & Backing vocals
Shane Kinsella - Drums & Backing vocals
Discography
Singles
Awards and nominations
|-
| align="center"|2010
| align="center"|IMTV Awards
| align="center"|Best Group Video
|
|-
| align="center"|2011
| align="center"|Tunebreaker Awards
| align="center"|Best Newcomer
|
|-
| align="center"|2011
| align="center"|IMTV Awards
| align="center"|Best Live Video
|
|-
| align="center"|2011
| align="center"|IMTV Awards
| align="center"|Best Group Video
|
|-
References
External links
Official Website
Musical groups established in 2006
Irish rock music groups
Musical groups from Dublin (city)
Beneath the Leaves is a 2019 American thriller film co-written and directed by Adam Marino. The film was released on February 8, 2019, on Netflix.
Plot
Detective Brian Larson must recapture James Whitley, a psychopath who victimized him and three other boys as children, when Whitley escapes from prison.
Cast
Mira Sorvino as Detective Erica Shotwell
Kristoffer Polaha as Detective Brian Larson
Doug Jones as James Whitley
Aaron Farb as Detective Abrams
Ser'Darius Blain as Josh Ridley
Paul Sorvino as Captain Parker
Christopher Backus as Matt Tresner
Yvonne Miranda as Reporter Hawkins
Release
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Beneath the Leaves has an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . Michael Rechtshaffen from the Los Angeles Times disliked the movie, stating: "A committed cast fails to elevate "Beneath the Leaves," an otherwise draggy and derivative thriller about a psychotic killer whose M.O. involves fatally injecting his victims with potassium chloride before harvesting their fingernails." John DeFore writing for The Hollywood Reporter said: "A by-the-book script and stiff direction fail to milk any suspense from this scenario and, in the absence of thrills, the picture's heavy focus on the long-lasting impact of trauma is suffocating. Sorvino and Polaha have no chemistry in their scenes away from the action, and some viewers who have admired the actress' vocal contributions to current harassment/assault debates will cringe at a scene where the lines "You want me to go?" and "Yes" are treated as an invitation to sex. Jones, most often seen under creature makeup, brings a few physical flourishes to his cookie-cutter psycho role, but not nearly enough to make it memorable." Roger Moore from the "Movie Nation" gave the film 1.5 out of 4 stars and wrote that it "keeps us at arm's length and the cast at half-speed, a disappointing combination when your aim was an intricate, raw-nerves thriller with visceral violence, surprises, and characters we connect with enough to root for."
References
External links
2019 films
2019 thriller films
American thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Neonectria is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
Species
Neonectria amamiensis
Neonectria betulae
Neonectria caespitosa
Neonectria cinnamomea
Neonectria confusa
Neonectria ditissima
Neonectria dumontii
Neonectria faginata
Neonectria fuckeliana
Neonectria galligena
Neonectria goroshankiana
Neonectria hederae
Neonectria hubeiensis
Neonectria lugdunensis
Neonectria macroconidialis
Neonectria magnoliae
Neonectria major
Neonectria neomacrospora
Neonectria phaeodisca
Neonectria platycephala
Neonectria punicea
Neonectria shennongjiana
Neonectria sinensis
Neonectria tokuoensis
Neonectria tokyoensis
Neonectria vandae
Neonectria verrucispora
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Paulo Roberto Figueiredo de Oliveira, better known as Paulinho Boca de Cantor (born June 28, 1946, Santa Inês, Bahia, Brazil), is a Brazilian singer and composer. He was a founding member of the band Novos Baianos, and performed with them from 1969 to 1979.
Career
Novos Baianos
Boca de Cantor began as the lead singer of the group Orquesta Avanço that formed in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil in the interior of Bahia. In 1969 he founded the band, Novos Baianos, alongside Pepeu Gomes, Baby Consuelo, Luiz Galvão, and Moraes Moreira. He was one of the principal composers of the group along with Luiz Galvão. As a member of Novos Baianos, he released 10 studio albums, including Acabou Chorare, which has been considered to be the best Brazilian album of all time. In 1976 he released the Trio Elétrico dos Novos Baianos. This marked the first time vocals had been included in an electric trio and influenced the format of the genera since vocals became a staple thereafter. He began his solo career in 1979 with the disbanding of Novos Baianos.
Solo career
He released his first solo album, Paulinho Boca de Cantor - Bom de Chinfra e Bom de Amor, in 1979 and featured collaboration with Gilberto Gil and Luiz Galvão on the track “Que bom prato é vatapá”. 1981 marked one of the high points of his solo career with the release of Valeu, one of the best selling independent albums in Brazilian history. In 1983, he played in Rome in the show Bahia de Todos os Sambas, alongside Gal Costa, Caetano Veloso, and João Gilberto. In the following years he signed a contract with EMI and recorded three albums.
He founded Associação Bahiana de Artistas Independentes (Bahian Association of Independent Artists, ABAI). In 1997 he reunited with Novos Baianos and released the disc Infinito Circular on the label Som Livre. The same year also featured live shows with the band including, "Noite Brasileira" in the Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland. In 2000, he became a researcher of the history of Brazilian Music, and in 2008 recorded a special for .
References
Living people
1946 births
People from Salvador, Bahia
Brazilian singer-songwriters
Sheikh Faisal Bin Qassim Al Thani Museum is a privately owned museum located in the municipality of Al-Shahaniya in Qatar. Encompassing an area of 530,000 m², the three-building museum was opened in 1998 by Sheikh Faisal bin Qassim Al Thani.
Location
The museum is located in Al Samriya, a locality of Al-Shahaniya that is approximately 20 km westward of the capital Doha. It is accessible through Dukhan Road.
History
In 1998, Sheikh Faisal bin Qassim Al Thani opened the museum to the public. The museum, consisting of three buildings, was built over a historic fort in Al Samriya. Sheikh Faisal has stated that his intent was to preserve and promote the cultural heritage of Qatar by housing traditional artifacts and artworks within the museum.
Collections
There are 15 halls in the museum which accommodate a total of over 15,000 artifacts. All of the artifacts in the museum were collected by Sheikh Faisal over a span of 50 years. The artifacts are grouped into four main categories: Islamic art, vehicles, coins and currency, and traditional Qatari artifacts. Objects of each category are housed in separate rooms with distinct themes.
Islamic art
There are eight designated halls displaying Islamic artworks. Included in this category is a hall for Islamic textiles, a hall for Islamic manuscripts, a hall for Islamic paintings and a hall showcasing verses of the Qur'an.
Vehicles
Several types of vehicles from varying periods are displayed in a number of halls. Automobiles dating from 1885 onward are displayed, as well as former automobiles used by government officials. Furthermore, a number of different motorcycles and bicycles are showcased.
Coins and currency
The coins and currency halls put on display ancient currencies, silver and gold coins used during and before the emergence of Islam in the Middle East, and contemporary currencies of several countries.
Qatari heritage
Traditional Qatari artifacts in the museum vary widely in theme, ranging from pearling equipment, dhows, and Bedouin handicraft.
See also
Collecting practices of the Al-Thani Family
References
Bibliography
1998 establishments in Qatar
Museums established in 1998
Museums in Qatar
Shane Alexander is a contemporary American singer-songwriter and musician. Alexander was born in San Diego, California, raised in Pennsylvania and Maryland, and is currently residing in Southern California.
Alexander's songs range from dark and stirring to subtle and romantic, and are centered on evocative vocals and complex, soulful guitar playing. His smooth vocal style has drawn comparisons to singers Jeff Buckley, Jackson Browne and Art Garfunkel.
Dozens of his songs have appeared on television shows, including The Real World, Laguna Beach, Brothers & Sisters, Bones, Big Shots, "White Collar", Criminal Minds, Catfish: The TV Show, and Wildfire.
He attended Indiana University of Pennsylvania and Musician's Institute in Hollywood, California.
Early life and musical influences
Shane Alexander was 5 years old when he first heard Black Sabbath's Iron Man. Hearing the song jolted the young Alexander's music consciousness.
Escaping a tumultuous time at home, Alexander often sought refuge at his grandmother's house, listening to a large collection of vinyl LPs that had belonged to his father. Artists such as Cat Stevens, Harry Chapin, the Beatles, Simon and Garfunkel, and The Moody Blues shaped the impressionable young Alexander's musical tastes. Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits album particularly moved him, but it was the music of Neil Young whom he cites today as his biggest influence.
At 10 years old, Alexander received his first guitar from his grandmother. Alexander soon taught himself to play guitar and by 12 years old, had joined his first band. Countless followed throughout his teen years.
Career
The early 1990s
Shane Alexander moved from his hometown in Butler, Pennsylvania to Los Angeles in the early 1990s. During those early years in California, he attended Musician's Institute in Hollywood and played guitar with the psychedelic instrumental band Trippin, led by virtuoso keyboardist and composer, Jim Michaelson. The band's spectacular live shows drew record crowds in Los Angeles. In 1994, legendary producer Richard Podolor (Alice Cooper, Steppenwolf, Iron Butterfly, Three Dog Night) spotted the band at Coconut Teaszer and invited Alexander to lend his emotive guitar playing to a project he was producing called Young Art. While working with Podolor, Alexander learned invaluable lessons about songwriting and arranging. Later joining the rock band Young Art, he performed as a guitarist and back-up singer. It was not long before Alexander began writing songs for the band as well. Alexander recorded two albums with the group, one produced by Podolor and the other produced by Richie Zito (Cheap Trick, Joe Cocker, Berlin).
In 1997, Alexander formed and fronted Damone with friends from Pennsylvania. The band toured the West Coast club circuit and enjoyed a steadily growing base of loyal fans. They were featured in an interview and fashion layout for Los Angeles Times magazine, and their song "She Likes the Ocean" was used on the extreme sports show Blue Torch, exposing the band to new fans all over the world. The band released a self-titled album and a four-song EP before disbanding in 2002. Just as they were splitting up, the band sold their name for a hefty sum to Damone, a new rock group on RCA records.
Around this time Alexander also began working at Irving Azoff's label Giant Records in the Finance Department. The following year he joined Azoff's executive office as an assistant and runner to the artists – a position that would get the aspiring songwriter up close and personal with The Eagles, Christina Aguilera, Seal, Jewel, Eddie Van Halen, Brian Wilson, Bush, and many other top acts.
2003–2004: start of a solo career
In early 2003, Alexander began a busy schedule of writing and performing solo shows, sometimes performing with a revolving band on bass, drums, mandolin, piano, accordion, and lap steel.
Alexander produced and recorded a self-titled EP that was released in late 2003. The four song disc, described as a collection of "stripped down acoustic songs with vivid lyrics and haunting melodies," included the track "Last Day on Earth," which was later covered by 1980s New Wave band Berlin. Shane Alexander toured extensively on both coasts in 2004, beginning to bring his music to a wider audience.
2004–2005: The Middle Way
In January 2005, Alexander released his debut full-length album The Middle Way, a collection of "rootsy, folk rock with intimate vocals and a rich instrumental backdrop." The album was critically acclaimed, particularly in Europe.
"The Open Road," the lead single from The Middle Way, received national airplay on numerous stations across the Netherlands, and Alexander signed with the Dutch label Lucky Dice Records. Beginning to tour internationally, Alexander performed at clubs and theaters in Canada, UK, Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, France, Austria, Sweden, and Denmark and across the United States. Alexander subsequently opened two US tours for Jewel and a west coast/Canada tour with Lisa Marie Presley in 2005.
2006–2007: Stargazer
In 2006, Alexander released his second full-length album, Stargazer on his own imprint BuddhaLand Records. The album was produced by Heroes & Villains (Billy Mohler and Dan Burns) and featured some of Los Angeles' most respected musicians: Charlie Paxon (James Blunt, Colin Hay, Anastacia) on drums; Billy Mohler (Macy Gray, Liz Phair, Herbie Hancock) on bass; Krister Axel on piano; Chris Pierce on harmonica; and veteran session ace Kim Bullard (Tori Amos, Goo Goo Dolls, David Crosby, Eddie Money) on Hammond organ. The album was recorded in only four days and tracked mostly live using vintage gear, giving the album a rich, timeless sound. The album was called "stunning" by Performing Songwriter Magazine. Several songs from Stargazer were licensed for television and film. More international touring followed.
2008–2009: Sky Below
In late 2007, Alexander once again teamed up with Heroes & Villains to produce his third full-length album. Many musicians returned from Stargazer – drummer Charlie Paxon, Billy Mohler on electric guitar, piano, keyboards and bass, and Kim Bullard on Hammond organ, with additional performances from Chad Crawford (bass) and Jeff Friedl (drums). Toby Wright (Alice in Chains, Wallflowers, Chris Whitley, Trey Anastasio) mixed the record. Alexander sought to get back to a band sound on this album and added more up-tempo songs than in his previous effort. The album was released on BuddaLand Records in February 2008. Alexander supported the album with extensive touring in The United States and Europe and later that year, opened Seal's U.S. tour. Alone in front of the biggest audiences of his career, Alexander captivated audiences night after night.
Several songs from The Sky Below were licensed for television and film.
2010–2011: Mono Solo
On June 1, 2010, Alexander released Mono Solo, his fourth full-length album. Billy Mohler, who co-produced Stargazer and The Sky Below, produced the album. The new collection marked a quantum leap, both in songwriting and in production, for Alexander. Inspired by stories picked up while touring the U.S. and Europe, the effect of the economic crisis on those around him, and the tragic death of a lifelong friend, each track on Mono Solo conveys a sense of reverence for life, love, and stability. "Corey's Song" is Alexander's farewell ode to Corey James Daum, who was killed in a drunk driving accident in Nashville. The album is dedicated to his friend.
The track "Carrollton" was licensed for the television show One Tree Hill on the WB Network before the album was even released.
In late 2010 Alexander signed with Warner Chappell Europe and Rough Trade Records Benelux. The album was released internationally in Spring 2011 and the single "Good as Gold" reached 126 on the Dutch pop chart. Alexander has been touring constantly across the United States and internationally in support of the album. In 2011, Shane Alexander opened for Styx and Yes in 22 cities during their cross-country Summer Tour.
2012: The Greater Good
In spring of 2012, The Greater Good released their self-titled debut on the German label, Stockfisch Records. Recorded in Northeim, Germany the previous spring, the record features Alexander, NYC songwriter Eugene Ruffolo, and Dutch songwriter Dennis Kolen. The album, recorded in less than a week, has a stripped folk-pop sound with lush three-part vocal harmonies. The success of the first single, "All the Lonely Times" (Kolen) and second single, "Nowhere Fast" (Alexander/Silver) in the Netherlands led to the band's first Dutch tour in the fall of 2012.
2013: Ladera
In April 2013, Alexander released his 5th album, Ladera. The production of the new album is far more sparse and ambient than his previous work, and pays tribute to many of Alexander's more psychedelic influences. Teaming up for the 4th time with producer Billy Mohler, and recorded at Mohler's Groundswell Studios in Culver City, CA, the latest collection also showcases Peter Adams (Five For Fighting, Josh Groban, Rickie Lee Jones) on keyboards and newcomer, Jesse Siebenberg (Supertramp, A Fine Frenzy, Lissie) on lapsteel. In spring of 2013, Alexander signed with Dutch label Harlem Recordings, a division of Suburban Records.
2016: Bliss
In July 2016, Alexander released his 6th album, Bliss. The self-produced album was recorded in his own Buddhaland studio in Ventura County, CA.
2019: A Life Like Ours
In September 2019, Shane released his 7th album, A Life Like Ours.
Discography
Song appearances
Television
Film
Advertising
References
External links
shanealexandermusic.com
Musicians from San Diego
American rock songwriters
American rock singers
American male singer-songwriters
Indiana University of Pennsylvania alumni
Musicians Institute alumni
Singer-songwriters from California
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Peter Sacheverell Wilmot-Sitwell (28 March 1935 – 19 June 2018) was a British merchant banker and stockbroker. He is credited with inventing the "dawn raid" which enabled companies to build up a stake in a takeover target before the target had the chance to react. He was described by the Financial Times as a "gentleman banker", and one of the last of "an almost extinct breed" from the pre-Big Bang era.
Early life
Peter Wilmot-Sitwell was born in Kent on 28 March 1935 to Robert Bradshaw Wilmot-Sitwell (born 1894), a Royal Navy officer, and Barbara Elizabeth Fisher of New Zealand. He hardly knew his father due to his naval service during the Second World War and his early death in 1946 from cancer.
Peter was educated at West Downs preparatory school in Winchester, and then at Eton College and the University of Oxford (1955–58 BA, MA) where he obtained a third class degree in modern history and a half-blue in fencing for which he also represented England. His education was interrupted by national service in the Coldstream Guards from 1953 to 1955 that he enjoyed so much that he had to be persuaded by his mother to go on to Oxford.
Career
Wilmot-Sitwell started his banking career as a trainee at Hambros Bank in 1958, before becoming a partner at the age of 25 in 1959 at Rowe & Pitman (R & P). He was senior partner there from 1982 to 1986. He claimed that he got the job at such a young age due to his social background rather than for anything he knew and that young well-connected partners like him were known in the firm as "orchids" because they were "beautiful but utterly useless".
He is credited with inventing the "dawn raid" in 1979 or 1980 when he assembled 30 of his staff to call large shareholders in Consolidated Gold Fields as soon as the market opened and offer to buy their shares at a premium to the then market price on behalf of R & P's clients Anglo-American Corporation and De Beers Consolidated Mines. The raid purchased more than £100m of Consolidated stock and enabled his clients to build up a stake in their takeover target before it had a chance to react. He carried out a similar raid on Eagle Star soon after, although neither resulted in a full takeover of the intended target.
A notable deal was in 1987 when Wilmot-Sitwell recruited Robert Maxwell, who already had a bad reputation in the City and would normally not have been considered, to back the difficult flotation of Eurotunnel and secured funding of £25m from him.
He was joint chairman of the merchant bank S.G. Warburg from 1986 to 1990, and chairman from 1990 to 1994. His other appointments included chairman of Merrill Lynch (formerly Mercury) World Mining Trust from 1993 to 2006, and board appointments to W. H. Smith, The Stock Exchange, Minorco, Foreign & Colonial Income Growth Investment Trust, Close Brothers, Southern Africa Investors, and Anglo American.
In the City, he received the nickname of "The Red Ferret" due to his ruddy complexion, and "Captain Mainwaring" after the character in the British television sitcom, Dad's Army. He was described as notably polite but with a quick temper that the Financial Times characterised as smacking of his army experience on the parade ground. Despite his third class degree, his colleague Sir David Scholey described him as shrewd and "daunting to work against".
Wilmot-Sitwell's career straddled the period in which British financial services moved from a business based on trust and self-regulation where, he recalled, "people wouldn't do business with people they didn't know socially" and firms were "ruled by the governor of the Bank of England's eyebrows", to a far more regulated environment by the end of his career. The Financial Times described him as a "gentleman banker", one of the last of "an almost extinct breed" from the pre-Big Bang era.
Personal life
Wilmot-Sitwell married Clare Veronica Cobbold (LVO 1991) in 1960, with whom he had two sons and one daughter. One of his sons is the banker Alex Wilmot-Sitwell.
His home was at Portman House, Dummer, near Basingstoke. His hobbies were shooting, golf, and tennis. He was a member of White's club and Swinley Forest Golf Club in Ascot.
Death
Wilmot-Sitwell died on 19 June 2018 after a stroke. He received obituaries in The Times and the Financial Times.
References
1935 births
2018 deaths
English bankers
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of the University of Oxford
English male fencers
Coldstream Guards officers
S. G. Warburg & Co. people
English stockbrokers
Peter
People from Kent
People from Dummer, Hampshire
20th-century English businesspeople
The Battle of Yarmouk Camp (December 2012) was a period of fierce clashes in Yarmouk Camp during the Syrian civil war. Yarmouk is a district of Damascus that is home to the biggest community of Palestinian refugees in Syria. The fighting was between the Syrian Army and PFLP-GC on one side, and Syrian rebels on the other. The rebels included the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and a group made up of Palestinians, called Liwa al-Asifa or Storm Brigade. On 17 December, it was reported that the FSA and anti-Assad Palestinians had taken control of the camp. The FSA and Syrian Army agreed to leave Yarmouk as a neutral, demilitarized zone, but sporadic clashes continued.
Background
At the beginning of the Syrian civil war in 2011, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine – General Command (PFLP-GC) was based in Yarmouk and supported Syria's Ba'ath Party government led by the Al-Assad family. At the beginning of the war, tensions arose in Yarmouk between the PFLP-GC and anti-Assad Palestinian residents. On 5 June 2011, a number of Yarmouk residents were shot dead while protesting at the Israeli border. Allegedly angered by the PFLP-GC's refusal to take part in the protests, thousands of mourners burnt down its headquarters in Yarmouk. PFLP-GC members allegedly opened fire on the crowd, killing 14 Palestinians and wounding 43, although this was denied by the group, which blamed Fatah elements inside the camp for the clashes.
On 3 August 2012, Al Arabiya reported that over 21 civilians were killed when the Syrian Army shelled Yarmouk. Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas condemned the Syrian Army for shelling the camp and chided the PFLP-GC for dragging Palestinians into the conflict.
On 31 October, the FSA announced that they had helped form a brigade made up of anti-Assad Palestinians, called Liwa al-Asifa (Storm Brigade), who have been armed to take control of Yarmouk. The PFLP-GC leader Ahmed Jibril and his men were accused of harassing Yarmouk's residents and attacking FSA fighters. Many Palestinian men from the camp also joined other FSA units and fought with them in the Damascus districts of Tadamon and Al-Hajar Al-Aswad.
December clashes
Fierce fighting in Yarmouk began on 5 December 2012 and lasted until 17 December. The fighting mainly involved the FSA (along with the Liwa al-Asifa brigade) fighting against the PLFP-GC.
On 16 December, Syrian Army jets bombed Yarmouk, for the first time since the civil war began. Activists reported that a school and mosque sheltering refugees were hit. It was reported that at least 23 were killed, all civilians. About 1,000 Palestinians reached Lebanon less than 48 hours after the bombing. The new arrivals said they were now openly hostile towards the Syrian government that had long portrayed itself as the protector of Palestinians in Syria. Iran's Fars News said that "terrorist" rebels had entered Yarmouk and shot dead "dozens of Palestinians and Syrian civilians".
On 17 December, it was claimed that many PFLP-GC fighters defected to the rebels. One PFLP-GC commander said "I felt that we became soldiers for the Assad regime, not guards for the camps, so I decided to defect". He claimed that government forces stood by and watched as the PFLP-GC fought the rebels, without helping the Palestinians. Ahmed Jibril reportedly fled Damascus for the Mediterranean city of Tartous. PFLP-GC political bureau member Hussam Arafat, however, announced that Jibril was still in Damascus and that only a small number of fighters had defected. That day, rebel forces gained full control of Yarmouk as well as another Palestinian camp, with help from anti-Assad Palestinians, pushing out the pro-government PFLP-GC fighters. The pro-government PFLP-GC fighters were reportedly overwhelmed and suffered great losses as they were unable to evacuate their wounded due to rebel snipers on the roofs. Government forces had surrounded the camp, however, as many refugees fled.
On 20 December, the FSA said it had pushed all pro-government fighters out of Yarmouk and handed it back to the Palestinians. The day before, fresh fighting on the outskirts of Yarmouk killed a civilian and four PFLP-GC members.
Shortly after, government and rebel representatives agreed that all armed groups should withdraw from Yarmouk and leave it as a neutral zone. The agreement also said that the PFLP-GC should be dismantled and its weapons surrendered. However, a spokesman for the pro-rebel Palestine Refugee Camp Network said, "the implementation of the truce has been problematic" because of "intermittent" government shelling of Yarmouk and clashes on its outskirts. An AFP reporter at Batikha, the main entrance to the camp, reported sporadic shooting on 21 December but no gunmen were seen on the streets of Yarmouk.
Aftermath
Fellow Palestinian left-wing groups—including the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), the biggest Palestinian leftist group—berated Jibril and the PFLP-GC. One PFLP official said "Everyone knows the true size of PFLP-GC. They are not representative of the Palestinians". Another said that Jibril "does not even belong to the Palestinian Left. He is closer to the extremist right-wing groups than to revolutionary leftist ones". On 18 December, the Palestinian National Council (PNC) denounced Jibril, saying it would expel him over his role in the conflict.
On 25 December there was reportedly fighting in or around Yarmouk between rebels and the pro-government Jaysh al-Sha'bi (or Popular Committees).
The UNRWA reported that 12 people were killed and 20 wounded during fighting in Yarmouk on 17 January 2013.
By January 2014, FSA and Liwa al-Asifa controlled 75% of the refugee camp, while the other 25% was controlled by the Syrian Army and the PFLP-GC. The situation had become desperate. "The regime forces won't remove the siege on the camp as long as the militants are staying in it" a pro-Assad Palestinian official, Husam Arafat said. Palestinians in the West Bank have been running a campaign to raise awareness of the siege. "History will curse us if you allow Yarmouk's people to die of hunger," one sign read.
References
Yarmouk Camp
Damascus in the Syrian civil war
Yarmouk Camp 2012
Yarmouk Camp 2012
December 2012 events in Syria
Yarmouk Camp 2012
Osteochilus pentalineatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to southern Borneo.
References
Taxa named by Maurice Kottelat
Fish described in 1982
Osteochilus
William Cockburn was an Anglican priest in Ireland in the eighteenth century.
Cockburn was born in Kilkenny. He entered Trinity College, Dublin in 1739 and graduated B.A. in 1743; LL.B. in 1747; and LL.D in 1759. Cockburne was Prebendary of Mayne in Kilkenny Cathedral from 1758 to 1762; and Archdeacon of Ossory from 1762 to 1776.
References
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Archdeacons of Ossory
People from Kilkenny (city)
Dissent in the Armed Forces of the Empire of Japan refers to serious cases of military insubordination within the institution, from the founding of the Empire of Japan in 1868 to its defeat during World War II in 1945.
On 26 February 1936, a group of young radical Japanese Army officers led an attempted coup d'etat in Japan.
Between 1929 and 1942, there were several acts of Communist subversion within the military. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, hundreds of Japanese soldiers defected to the Chinese resistance to Japan and became resistance activists.
Notable dissenters
Sakaguchi Kiichiro
Shigeo Tsutsui
See also
Japanese dissidence during the Shōwa period
References
Further reading
早乙女 勝元 (1991). 延安からの手紙—日本軍の反戦兵士たち. 草の根出版会.
小栗 勉 (2010). 聳ゆるマスト—史伝小説. かもがわ出版.
External links
戦前の反戦運動 「戦争に反対して、命がけで活動した人たちの記録」 (Pre-war anti-war movement "Record of the people who were active in the opposition to war.") at kure-sensai.net. Information on dissent within the Imperial Japanese Military in pre-war Japan.
「戦前の反戦兵士とその後」 II、「聳ゆるマスト」発行の阪口喜一郎の足跡を追って at kure-sensai.net. Information on anti-war activist in the Imperial Japanese Navy Sakaguchi Kiichiro.
Rebellions in Japan
Japanese Resistance
Imperial Japanese Navy
Imperial Japanese Army
Nizhny Lyubazh () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage, originally released in Japan as , is a 3D beat 'em up for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 developed and published by Tecmo Koei. It is a spin-off of the Dynasty Warriors series based on the manga franchise Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara. It was first released in Japan on March 25, 2010, and it was released in North America on November 2, 2010 and in Europe on November 5. A sequel, Ken's Rage 2, was announced with a surprise trailer at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June 2012. New playable characters and story arcs are featured, and the game was released in Japan on December 2012.
Gameplay
The basic controls and mission system are the same as most games in Warriors series. Players can also evade like the characters in the Samurai Warriors series. While a KO count is still present, enemies do not necessarily swarm the players and appear in certain sections within an area. Enemies are killed in a similar manner as the original manga, including the series' unique death cries, blood, and exploding bodies.
Players can play under three different styles found among characters: the Hokuto, Nanto, or Unique Type.
Hokuto style users can pinpoint their opponent's secret pressure points at various times, allowing their character to deal critical damage.
Nanto fighters can use a unique technique called Mikiri Kougeki, which allows the characters to see openings in their opponent's attacks. When the player and their opponent simultaneously perform a strong attack, a select button may appear on the screen within that instant. If players successfully press the correct button within the moment it appears, the Nanto fighter will instantly evade the attack and perform a counter. Afterward, for a short time, the Nanto fighter will be in a powered-up state that increases their attack power and replaces some of their standard attacks with more powerful ones.
Unique types, like Mamiya and Jagi, rely on a technical perspective and can use weapons for special attacks against their foes. They are made for veteran players who want to use more difficult characters.
A skill point system similar to recent Warriors titles also appears in the game. The main difference with Ken's Rage is that players need to equip particular skills in order to expand their character's learning curve. As more battles are cleared, players can choose to learn whatever techniques, legendary techniques, and secondary abilities they desire for each character based on their own choices. Skill points are earned by collecting glowing balls, or "karma", found after defeating opponents in the field. They can also be earned by correctly performing a Musou Ranbu, trashing objects for scrolls, completing missions, or by finishing a stage with a sound performance.
Players can perform an instant guard, or "Just Guard", against an opponent's blows to open opportunities for more combos. It requires precise timing to pull off the technique.
Characters can also grab opponents, climb walls, or pick and throw items. They may also need to destroy objects to clear alternative paths through an area.
Each character can perform, Touki Kakusei, which momentarily increases the powers of their characters by sacrificing the "Touki" gauge.
Players can use their character's various techniques from the comic. These deadly techniques (or ougi) act as the character's type of "musou" in this game, allowing limited invincibility and massively damaging a target. When a technique is used, the game will momentarily freeze the action on the field until the move is completed. The nature of implementing a technique varies with each character.
Characters are allowed to have multiple techniques at once and they can be rotated. There are several new techniques for characters that were made solely for this game.
Each character has their unique legendary technique, or Shin Denshou Ougi, which can instantly kill crowds of weak opponents if performed correctly.
Another skill available to each character is the Musou Ranbu, which is a special finishing blow that can only be used against weakened opponents in duels. During the sequence, players will need to input buttons that flash on the screen to pummel their foe with Fist of The North Star flare. The feature is executed in a similar manner as Duels in Dynasty Warriors: Gundam 2, except that players need to input a longer series of button combinations for a successful finish. Causing a mistake lowers the player's health as punishment, though this can be blocked.
Players can also taunt in the game with their characters. Taunting a foe too many times can make them to become enraged and tougher to defeat; however, taunting causes all nearby enemies to swarm to one location on the field, allowing the player to easily and quickly dispatch them with one well-placed combo or signature move. Taunting does not work on "boss" characters with visible health bars at the bottom of the HUD.
When a character is damaged, their model may change to reflect the changes in their life gauge. If Kenshiro is wounded by an explosion, for instance, portions of his shirt will be blown away.
Modes
Legend mode
Similar to modes featured in the Dynasty Warriors: Gundam titles, Legend Mode is the story segment which faithfully follows the original manga. The official mode follows the first half of the series, starting with Kenshiro's beginnings until he faces Raoh for the right of the Hokuto Shinken succession. Kenshiro, Rei, Mamiya, Toki, and Raoh can be played in this mode.
Clearing this mode with Rei also unlocks an alternate "white haired" Rei model for players.
Dream mode
An original story for the game which lets other characters become playable. The basic outline of the mode has the four Hokuto brothers interacting with the "Nanto army". Each character offers a different perspective or story arc within the mode. Completing character scenarios in this section is needed to unlock more characters for this mode.
Clearing this mode with Kenshiro unlocks an alternate torn clothes version for him at the character select screen.
Challenge mode
Unlocked once Kenshiro's official mode is cleared, it pits the players against a continuous string of opponents. Players can simultaneously face the four Hokuto candidates, the six Nanto Seiken, and other challenges as the players continue playing. It acts as the game's survival mode.
Introduction mode
The game's tutorial mode for anyone unfamiliar with the game's system, starting with Kenshiro (Hokuto Type). Includes Rei (Nanto Type) and Mamiya (Unique Type) once the second chapter of Kenshiro's official mode is cleared.
Gallery
Features renders, music, and movies within the game.
Settings
Players can arrange the buttons, adjust the sound, or turn off the gauges on the screen. There are three difficulties: easy, normal, or hard. An option to adjust the game's violence level can also be done: "Extreme" keeps the blood and gore while "Mild" turns it off. In the western versions, there's also an option to switch between English or Japanese language voices.
Development
Hokuto Musō was originally announced as a "mystery title" during the 2009 Tokyo Game Show and was publicly unveiled during a staged media event on October 14, 2009 (broadcast live to the Japanese movie site, Nico Nico Douga). Its story and characters are based on the famous Japanese comic and anime Fist of the North Star. Tetsuo Hara and Buronson, the illustrator and writer respectively of the original comic, have expressed their support and enthusiasm for the title.
Hisashi Koinuma, the game's producer said that the staff aim to create a "new realistic feel" for the Fist of the North Star series while still being faithful to the original's roots. During this process, he mentioned his concerns for the characters' body structure, muscles, and other minute details (such as perfecting the model for Raoh's wrinkled forehead). He noted that the official mode for this title carries more action adventure tones than other Warriors titles thus far yet gave his assurance that Warriors fans can easily feel at home in the game's original story mode. He personally spoke his thoughts regarding the game at Yodobashi-Akiba, Biccamera Yurakucho, and Biccamera Ikebukuro on March 22 and March 25. He also played a rock-paper-scissor game for attendants, the winner of the crowd obtaining an original T-shirt signed by the game's voice actors.
Downloadable content
Upon release of the game, Koei plans for downloadable content for the game, including additional costumes and characters. Players can also gain access to download Kenshiro's original costume from the manga and the anime for 300 yen, originally available for the first print editions.
Bundles
The game comes in four different variations; a standalone copy of the game, the pre-order version, the First print edition and the treasure box edition. The first print edition comes with the access to download Kenshiro's original costume, the pre-order version comes with the Metal Card Case and the treasure box edition includes the character voice Alarm Clock, an original soundtrack CD and an original story book with strategies and artwork.
Promotions
Pokka Coffee was performing a collaboration event with Fist of the North Star in which they had specially printed cans on their products. These same drinks were present during the March 3rd Premium play test for Ken's Rage.
On October 21, it was announced that pre-order customers who order their game from GameStop stores would receive the playable character 'Heart' as a bonus, as well as two additional missions.
Reception
Reviews of the game have been mixed, with an average score of 61.70% for the PlayStation 3 version and 60.54% for the Xbox 360 version at GameRankings. The game currently has a Metacritic score of 60 out of 100 for the PlayStation 3 version and 59 out of 100 for the Xbox 360 version.
The game gained a positive review from Famitsu and was given a score of 32 (9/8/7/8) out of 40. "The game recreates the manga's world pretty well, from the heavy-handed Hokuto moves to the speedier Nanto attacks," one writer said. "It's not all that exciting at first, but things change once you start stringing strong attacks together." Another editor had more serious issues with the game's controls. "The throwing animation is too slow, and you stop for a moment after each strong attack," the reviewer wrote. "Maybe it adds to the effect, but it cuts down on the momentum a bit. The rest of your moves are pretty quick and speedy, too, which makes it seem all the worse."
IGN awarded the game five out of ten and said "There are different stories to play through and plenty to unlock, but it's nothing special." Edge magazine awarded the PlayStation 3 version five out of ten and said "It all adds up to an uneven brawler, a game with the resources and technology to break through the walls of the developer's lineage but one unprepared to fully let go and take a chance." GamesTM awarded the same version seven out of ten. PALGN likewise awarded the same version seven out of ten and said "If you like beat 'em ups, you will appreciate this one, but ultimately Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage is a love letter to fans of the original series."
However, The A.V. Club gave the Xbox 360 version a D and stated, "No matter who's onscreen, Ken's Rage is clunky, lacks variety, and on the whole feels incredibly dated."
Hokuto Musō sold about half a million copies in Japan.
References
Attribution
External links
2010 video games
Beat 'em ups
Warriors (video game series)
Fist of the North Star video games
Koei games
Koei Tecmo franchises
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 3 games
Shueisha franchises
Video games developed in Japan
Xbox 360 games
Khakhu Bandh is a small village in the southern part of Bihiya block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 426, in 56 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Abeokuta Grammar School is a secondary school in the city of Abeokuta, Ogun State, Nigeria. It is currently located at Idi-Aba area, of Abeokuta. Often called the first grammar school in Nigeria, it is attended by students from all parts of Nigeria, the West Coast of Africa, South Africa, Europe and even Asia.
History
The school was founded in 1908 by the Abeokuta District Church Council (Anglicans). The school is associated with many notable figures from Nigerian politics and the arts, including the teacher and political activist Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti, and her son, the musician Fela Anikulapo-Kuti.
Academically, students of Abeokuta Grammar School entered for examination by the Royal College of Preceptors in 1909 and sat for the Cambridge Local Examination in 1911. It became a mixed institution in 1914 with the admission of girls. In 1939, the school presented students for the Cambridge School Certificate Examination, and in 1996 was elevated to the status of a Model School by the Nigerian government.
AGSOBA is an association of old students (boys and girls) of Abeokuta Grammar School and is the oldest students association in Nigeria. Headed by a national body known as the Central Executive Committee with its headquarters in Abeokuta, the association operates through branches all over Nigeria and the world.
A team of three students from Abeokuta Grammar School in Ogun State has emerged the national winner in the Social and Innovation Category at the 2019 National Pitch Event for the Diamond Challenge. It was held at the Youth Development Center of the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library.
Notable alumni
Wole Soyinka
Beko Ransome-Kuti
Fela Anikulapo Kuti
Okunade Sijuade
Tunde Kelani
Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti
Dotman
Fireboy DML
Kizz Daniel
Photo gallery
References
External links
Official Website
1908 establishments in the Southern Nigeria Protectorate
Educational institutions established in 1908
Schools in Abeokuta
Secondary schools in Ogun State
History of Abeokuta
People educated at Abeokuta Grammar School
Batrachorhina niviscutata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1901. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1901
Albert Henri Victor Cleuter (10 August 1901, in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode – 1996) was a Belgian botanical artist. He was the only child of Francois Ernest Cleuter and Henriette Marie Catherine Denys of Brussels. The father loved to draw and produced ink and watercolour sketches admired by his son.
Albert enrolled at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels in August 1917 where he successfully completed a year of design study and 4 years of architecture and related courses, and two years of ornamental composition. He also produced sketches and designs for ladies' fashion.
At the Botanical Garden of Belgium he succeeded Hélène Durand, a prolific illustrator of conifers. A master at developing his own style, Albert Cleuter, was active as botanical illustrator at the Jardin Botanique National de Belgique from 1936 to 1966, his style becoming an accepted standard there. An architect by training, he discovered a new vocation in botanical illustration and produced hundreds of plates, proving himself to be a great observer, and creating virtuoso work with his pen. He occasionally used the time-consuming stipple technique for shading when he felt that a line drawing was not adequate.
During the war years he worked as illustrator for the underground paper La Libre Belgique and forged identity documents for fugitives such as downed pilots.
Cleuter illustrated works for W Robyns: "Flore du Congo Belge et Ruanda-Urundi" 1948+; André Lawalrée: "Flore gén Belgique" 1950-9; J Fouarge/J Louis: "Essences forestières d'Afrique"; F White: "Forest Flora N Rhodesia" 1962.
References
Botanical illustrators
Belgian illustrators
1901 births
1996 deaths
Schinzel–Giedion syndrome (SGS) is a congenital neurodegenerative terminal syndrome. It was first described in 1978 by Albert Schinzel (1944–) and Andreas Giedion (1925–) as a syndrome with severe midface retraction, skull anomalies, renal anomalies (hydronephrosis) and other anomalies. Babies born with Schinzel–Giedion syndrome have severe mental retardation, growth retardation (unless fed through a feeding tube) and global developmental delay.
Diagnosis
Genetic testing for mutations in SETBP1 gene can confirm a diagnosis.
Symptoms
Patients with this can have hydronephrosis, seizures, visual impairments, or alacrima.
Sleep apnea may also be present,
Prognosis
Most children with condition die before 2 years of age. With it being estimated that 50% will die before 2 years of age. Death during infancy is due to pneumonia, cardiac arrest, tumors, lung hypoplasia, or seizures.
The longest documented survivor is 15 years old. Children with this condition who survive past infancy have a higher risk of developing tumors.
Causes
According to National Organization for Rare Disorders, the disorder is not inherited from the parents. It is caused by a new spontaneous mutation of the SETBP1 gene. The SETBP1 gene is a cancer promoting gene, and affected children who survive past three years of age are at risk for different types of cancer.
Epidemiology
The exact prevalence of Schinzel-Giedion syndrome is unknown. But, about 50 to 80 cases have been reported in literature. Although the occurrence of this disorder is thought to be higher.
According to Orphanet, the condition occurs in 1 in 1 million people.
The condition affects both males and females equally.
See also
SETBP1
References
External links
OMIM entry on Schinzel–Giedion midface retraction syndrome
Nucleus diseases
Syndromes with intellectual disability
Peggy's Cove Preservation Area is a preservation area and community enacted by the Nova Scotia government to preserve the unique scenic beauty, character and atmosphere of Peggy's Cove for the enjoyment of both residents and visitors within Peggy's Cove Nova Scotia mandated by the Peggy's Cove Commission Act.
The area includes the Swissair Flight 111 memorial site at Whalesback.
References
Peggy's Cove Commission Act
Peggy's Cove Preservation Area
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Andrew Painter may refer to:
Andrew Painter (baseball) (born 2003), American baseball pitcher
Andrew Painter (tennis) (born 1975), Australian tennis player
Nina Ivanovna Rusakova (; – 12 November 1997) was one of the first female test pilots and the only woman awarded the title Honoured Test Pilot of the USSR.
Early life
Rusakova was born on in the village of Saguny in Voronezh Region, then part of the Russian Empire. In 1933 she graduated from the Voronezh Aeroclub, and in January 1934 she graduated from the Voronezh Aviation Technical School, after which she immediately entered the military. That same year she graduated from the Orenburg Military Aviation School of Pilots before being deployed to Zhytomyr, where she flew I-5, DI-6 and I-16 fighters.
Military career
In July 1940 Rusakova flew as navigator in a flight crew composed of pilot-in-command Mariya Nesterenko and co-pilot Mariya Mikhaileva that attempted to break the distance world record for a straight-line women's flight, which had been previously established by Valentina Grizodubova, Polina Osipenko, and Marina Raskova in 1938. The flight took off in Khabarovsk and was supposed to reach Mazyr, but due to a strong headwind combined with a thunderstorm and icing, the flight was forced to make an emergency landing in a field near the village of Isakovo in the Sanchursky District. The team flew nonstop for 22 hours and 32 minutes, but the attempt gained less publicity and was quickly forgotten.
In 1940 Rusakova began her career as a test pilot at the State Red Banner Air Force Research Institute. During the Second World War she trained new pilots on Yakovlev and Lavochkin aircraft as well as the notoriously difficult and unforgiving Petlyakov Pe-2 in addition to testing various aircraft, including fighters, gliders, bombers, and reconnaissance planes. She reached the rank of colonel in 1955 and in 1959 she was awarded an honorary title "Merited Test Pilot of the USSR". Throughout her career she conducted test flights on various Soviet-made aircraft including the DB-3, Li-2, Il-2, Il-10, Il-12, Il-14, La-7, MiG-3, Pe-2, SB, Tu-2, Tu-4, Yak-3, and Yak-7.
Later life
Rusakova retired with the rank of Colonel in 1961. She lived in the settlement of Chkalovsky in the Moscow Oblast until her death on 12 November 1997.
References
Bibliography
1915 births
1997 deaths
Soviet test pilots
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Soviet World War II pilots
Women air force personnel of the Soviet Union
Russian women aviators
Soviet women aviators
Women in Albania are women who live in or are from Albania. The first women's association in Albania was founded in 1909. Albanian women from the northern Gheg region reside within a conservative and patriarchal society. In such a traditional society, the women have subordinate roles in Gheg communities that believe in "male predominance". This is despite the arrival of democracy and the adoption of a free market economy in Albania, after the period under the communist Party of Labour. Gheg Albanian culture is based on the 500-year-old Kanun of Lekë Dukagjini, a traditional Gheg code of conduct, where the main role of women is to take care of the children and to take care of the home.
History
Rights to bear arms
According to a column in The Literary World in 1878, Albanian women were allowed to carry arms.
Traditional Gheg social status
Edith Durham noted in 1928 that Albanian village women were more conservative in maintaining traditions, such as revenge calling, similar to women in ancient Greece.
Prior to World War II, it was common for some Gheg Albanian women to become "live-in concubines" of men living in mountain areas. The importance given by Gheg men to marrying virgin women has led to women paying to have their virginity restored. Despite the risk of infections and inflammations sexually active Gheg women are obtaining covert "simple 20-minute gynaecological" surgery "to become virgins again" in Gheg cities. The same clinics report that some new brides are brought in by their husbands to have their virginity verified because they have failed to bleed on their wedding nights.
Women are expected to be faithful to their husbands, but married Albanian women are considered the property of their male spouses. Having daughters is less favoured within the patriarchal society of Gheg Albanians. Due to the giving of greater importance to the desire of having sons than bearing daughters, it is customary that for pregnant Albanian women to be greeted with the phrase "të lindtë një djalë", meaning "May it be a son".
Traditional Lab social status
The Labs of Labëria were a patriarchal society. As among the Montenegrins, women in Labëria were forced to do all the drudge work.
Gheg sworn virgins
In the past, family units that do not have patriarchs, unmarried Albanian women can take on the role of the male head of the family by "taking an oath of virginity", a role that would include the right to live like a man, to carry weapons, own property, be able to move freely, dress like men, acquire male names if they wish to do so, assert autonomy, avoid arranged marriages, and be in the company of men while being treated like a man.
Meal preparation
The women in central Albania, particularly the women in Elbasan and the nearby regions, are known to cook the sweet tasting ballakume during the Dita e Verës, an annual spring festival celebrated on the 14th of March. On the other hand, Muslim Albanian women, particularly women from the Islamic Bektashi sect cook pudding known as the ashura from ingredients such as cracked wheat, sugar, dried fruit, crushed nuts, and cinnamon, after the 10th day of matem, a period of fasting.
Women's rights in Albanian politics
In the 19th-century, Sami Frashëri first voiced the idea of education for women with the argument that if you would strengthen society by having educated women to teach their children. In the late 19th-century, some urban elite women who had been educated in Western Europe saw a need for more education for women in Albania. In 1891, the first girls' high school was founded in Korçë by Sevasti Qiriazi and Parashqevi Qiriazi and in 1909 they founded the first women's organization in Albania, the Morning Star (Yll'i Mëngesit) with the purpose of raising the rights of women by raising their education level.
The women's movement in Albania was interrupted by the first world war, but resumed when Albania became an independent nation after the war. The Qiriazi sisters founded the organization Perlindja in Korçë, which published the newspaper Mbleta. In 1920, Marie Çoba founded the local women's organization Gruaja Shqiptare in Shkodër, which was followed by several other local organizations with the same name in Korçë, Vlorë and Tiranë.
In 1920 Urani Rumbo and others founded Lidhja e Gruas (the Women's Union) in Gjirokastër, one of the most important feminist organisations promoting Albanian women's emancipation and right to study. They published a declaration in the newspaper Drita, protesting discrimination against women and social conditions. In 1923 Rumbo was also part of a campaign to allow girls to attend the "boy's" lyceum of Gjirokastër. The Albanian women's movement were supported by educated urban elite women who were inspired by the state feminism of Turkey under Kemal Ataturk.
During the reign of Zog I of Albania (r. 1928-1939), women's rights was protected by the state under the national state organization Gruaja Shiqiptare, which promoted a progressive policy and secured women the right to education and professional life and a ban against the seclusion of women in harems and behind veils; equal inheritance rights, divorce, and a ban against arranged and forced marriages as well as polygamy. However, in practice this progressive policy only concerned the cosmopolitan city elite, and had little effect in the lives of the majority of women in Albania.
Limited women's suffrage was granted in 1920, and women obtained full voting rights in 1945,. Under the communist government of Albania, an official ideology of gender equality was promoted. In the first democratic election after the fall of communism, the number of women deputies in parliament fell from 75 in the last parliament of communist Albania to 9. In a turbulent period after 1991 the position of women worsened. There is a religious revival among Albanians which in the case of Muslims sometimes means that women are pushed back to the traditional role of mother and housekeeper. As of 2013 women represented 22.9% of the parliament.
Marriage, fertility, and family life
The total fertility rate is 1.5 children born per woman (2015 est.), which is below the replacement rate of 2.1. The contraceptive prevalence rate is quite high: 69.3% (2008/09). Most Albanian women start their families in the early and mid-twenties: as of 2011, the average age at first marriage was 23.6 for women and 29.3 for men.
In some rural areas of Albania, marriages are still arranged, and society is strongly patriarchal and traditional, influenced by the traditional set of values of the kanun. The urbanization of Albania is low compared to other European countries: 57.4% of the total population (2015). Although forced marriage is generally disapproved by society, it is a "well known phenomenon in the country, especially in rural and remote areas," and girls and women in these areas are "very often forced into marriages because of [a] patriarchal mentality and poverty".
Abortion in Albania was fully legalized on December 7, 1995. Abortion can be performed on demand until the 12th week of pregnancy. Women must undergo counseling for a week prior to the procedure, and hospitals that perform abortions are not allowed to release information to the public regarding which women they have treated.
During the government of Enver Hoxha, communist Albania had a natalist policy, leading women to have illegal abortions or to induce them on their own. Eventually the country had the second-highest maternal mortality rate in all of Europe, and it was estimated that 50% of all pregnancies ended in an abortion.
Employment
During the communist era women entered in paid employment in large numbers.
The transition period in Albania has been marked by rapid economic changes and instability. The labour market faces many of the problems that are common to most transition economies, such as loss of jobs in many sectors, that were not sufficiently compensated by emerging new sectors. As of 2011, the employment rate was 51.8% for young women, compared to 65.6% for young men.
Education
As late as 1946, about 85% of the people were illiterate, principally because schools using the Albanian language had been practically non-existent in the country before it became independent in 1912. Until the mid-nineteenth century, the Ottoman rulers had prohibited the use of the Albanian language in schools. The communist regime gave high priority to education, which included the alphabetization of the population, but also the promotion of socialist ideology in schools. As of 2015, the literacy rate of women was only slightly below that of men: 96.9% female compared to 98.4% male.
Violence against women
In recent years, Albania has taken steps to address the issue of violence against women. This included enacting the Law No. 9669/2006 (Law on Measures against Violence in Family Relations)
and ratifying the Istanbul Convention.
Notable Albanian women
Elina Duni (born 1981), Swiss-Albanian jazz singer and composer
Ermonela Jaho (born 1974), operatic soprano
Besiana Kadare, Albanian UN Ambassador, VP of the UN General Assembly, and Ambassador to Cuba
Helena Kadare (born 1943), author, screenwriter, and translator
Inva Mula (born 1963), operatic lyric soprano
Elisa Spiropali (born 1983), Albanian Minister of State for Relations with Parliament
Liliana Pere (born 1962), Eng Informatich. Publisher. Autor. Expert IIT
See also
Union of Albanian Women
Gender roles in post-communist Central and Eastern Europe
References
External links
Association of Albanian Girls and Women (AAGW)
Women and Children in Albania, Double Dividend of Gender Equality (PDF), Social Research Centre, INSTAT 2006
World Vision promotes the equality of women in Albania
The Women's Program, Open Society Foundation for Albania
OSCE Presence in Albania, osce.org
Albania
Cameraria macrocarpae is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is only known from Manitoba, Canada.
The wingspan of the adults is approximately 8 mm. The forewings are gold with three white lines, while the hindwings are light grey with a whitish fringe. Adults start emerging in mid-June and may be present into August, though individual adults likely only live for about two weeks. There is one generation per year.
Adult females lay eggs in rows of up to 12 on the upper side of bur oak leaves, usually along the leaf mid-rib or lateral vein. The eggs are translucent to white in color, and there may be several clusters of eggs on a single leaf. After hatching the larvae enter the leaf and form a common blotch mine near the leaf's upper surface where they feed as leaf miners. Frass is deposited throughout the mine. Mines of larvae from separate egg clusters on the same leaf may coalesce into a single large mine.
The larvae are pale yellow to cream in color with orange heads. The first five of their seven instars are spent feeding in the mine and are present from early July to early October. The heads of the larvae in this stage are more wedge-shaped than those in the final two instars and lack a prominent spinneret. Larvae overwinter in the sixth instar inside the mined leaf. Larvae do not feed during the last two instars. The final instar and pupation occur in spring. Larvae spin a silk cocoon in the mine in which they pupate.
Larvae are parasitized by wasps from several families, including Braconidae, Eulophidae, Eurytomidae, Ichneumonidae, and Pteromalidae.
This species was first described by Canadian entomologist Thomas Nesbitt Freeman in 1970.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1970
Moths of North America
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of Canada
Taxa named by Thomas Nesbitt Freeman
That's Not Funny, That's Sick is an American album of sketch comedy that was first released as a vinyl record in 1977. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine. The album is a collection of sketches, several of which were taken from the National Lampoon Radio Hour, a radio show that was broadcast on 600 radio stations and ran from November 17, 1973 to December 28, 1974.
The sketches on That's Not Funny, That's Sick star John Belushi, Brian Doyle-Murray, Bill Murray, and Christopher Guest, and feature, among others, Richard Belzer.
In 2003, the full 27-track album was released on CD by Uproar Entertainment. In August, 2020, a "Digitally Remastered" version was released on YouTube and miscellaneous streaming services. The digital release shuffles the track order and omits one track, "Confession".
Track listing
The Squalor Show
Confession
Dick Ballantine Phone Show #1
Disco Hotline
Dick Ballantine Phone Show #2
Love Birds / Flashanova
Listener Sponsored Radio #1
For $25,000
Gymnasty
Dick Ballantine Phone Show #3
Yiddishco
Listener Sponsored Radio #2
Pulp
For $15,000
Rapeline
Mr. Roberts #1
Stereos and Such
Listener Sponsored Radio #3
Height Report Disco
Mr. Roberts #2
Dial-A-Curse
Humpback Whales
Listener Sponsored Radio #4
2,015 Year Old Man
Fasten Your Seatbelts
Listener Sponsored Radio #5
Monolithic Oil
References
External links
Last.fm listing, includes track list and samples
National Lampoon albums
Radar Records albums
1977 albums
1970s comedy albums
Seven Songs is the debut studio album by English band 23 Skidoo, released in 1982 by record label Fetish.
Reception
AllMusic called it "post-punk at its most invigorating and terrifying." Trouser Press called it "a near-brilliant fusion of funk, tape tricks and African percussion".
Track listing
"Kundalini"
"Vegas El Bandito"
"Mary's Operation"
"Lock Groove"
"New Testament"
"IY"
"Porno Base"
"Quiet Pillage"
"Untitled"
References
External links
1982 debut albums
23 Skidoo (band) albums
Post-punk albums by English artists
The Little Death (known as A Funny Kind of Love in the United Kingdom) is a 2014 Australian sex comedy film written and directed by Josh Lawson. It deals with the secret lives of five suburban couples living in Sydney, revealing both the fetishes and the repercussions that come with sharing them. A Spanish remake titled Kiki, Love to Love was released in 2016.
Cast
Bojana Novakovic as Maeve
Damon Herriman as Dan
Josh Lawson as Paul
Kate Box as Rowena
T.J. Power as Sam
Stephanie May as Mourner
Ben Lawson as Glenn
Patrick Brammall as Richard
Kate Mulvany as Evie
Lachy Hulme as Kim
Erin James as Monica
Kim Gyngell as Steve
Reception
The Little Death received mixed reviews from critics and audiences, earning an approval rating of 60% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Accolades
References
External links
2014 films
2014 comedy films
2010s sex comedy films
Australian sex comedy films
Films about couples
Films scored by Michael Yezerski
Films set in Sydney
Films shot in Sydney
2010s English-language films
2010s Australian films
The Eyre is a coastal river that flows through the Landes of Gascony, in Aquitaine, southwest France.
The river is generally presented as the confluence of:
the Grande Leyre (Large Leyre), its principal course, upstream from Moustey
the Petite Leyre (Small Leyre), its main tributary
The combined watercourse Eyre-Grande Leyre is long.
Name
Eyre is an Aquitanian hydronym. It can be found in such names as Eyres-Moncube, Landes, or the (Eyron ditch) in Lacanau, Gironde. Note that Leyre is a variant of the name Eyre, affected by an agglutination of the Romance article.
Geography
The basin of the Eyre in included in the parc régional des Landes de Gascogne (National Park of the Moors of Gascony).
The river takes form in the Plantiet Marsh, in Grande Lande near Sabres, Landes.
It flows north into the Bassin d'Arcachon, a large bay on the Atlantic coast, in the Pays de Buch, Gironde. Its delta of contains the Le Teich ornithological park.
The Eyre flows through a preserved environment. Its banks are bordered by a broad-leaved forest. Branches join over the river, forming a gallery forest, that contrasts with the Landes forest, planted with maritime pines.
Départements and towns
The Eyre flows through the following départements and towns:
Landes: Pissos
Gironde: Belin-Béliet, Salles, Mios, Le Teich
Tributaries
The main tributary of the Eyre is the Petite-Leyre. It rises between Luxey and Retjons, in Landes, and flows northwest to join the Grande Leyre downstream from Pissos.
(R) Petite Leyre
N.B. : (R) = right tributary; (L) = left tributary
Historical sidenote
During the establishment of the French départements in 1790, the creation of a large département corresponding to the natural region of the Landes of Gascony – that is to say, today's Landes forest (then still unplanted) – was suggested. The name of this département would have been the Eyre.
Activities
Canoeing (canoes rentals)
References
0Leyre
Ramsar sites in Metropolitan France
Rivers of France
Rivers of Gironde
Rivers of Landes (department)
Rivers of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
is a 2018 Japanese television drama, starring Satomi Ishihara, Arata Iura, Masataka Kubota, Mikako Ichikawa and Yutaka Matsushige. It aired every Friday at 22:00 (JST) on TBS from January 12, 2018 to March 16, 2018.
It won Excellent Award at International Drama Festival in Tokyo, 96th Television Drama Academy Awards and others.
Plot
Mikoto Misumi is a forensic doctor working at the Unnatural Death Investigation Laboratory (UDI Lab), a fictional facility recently established by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Together with her colleagues, she solves cases involving deaths arising from unnatural circumstances.
Characters
Mikoto Misumi
Starring: Satomi Ishihara
A 33 year old forensic doctor, who has accumulated experience of dissecting about 1500 bodies, at the UDI Lab.
Kei Nakado
Starring: Arata Iura
A 41 year old forensic doctor, who has accumulated experience of dissecting about 3000 bodies, at the UDI Lab.
Rokuro Kube
Starring: Masataka Kubota
A 26 year old recorder on Misumi's team.
Yuko Shoji
Starring: Mikako Ichikawa
A 35 year old technician on Misumi's team.
Yasuo Kamikura
Starring: Yutaka Matsushige
The 55 year old director of UDI Lab, and former high ranking official of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
Episodes
Accolades
References
2018 Japanese television series debuts
2018 Japanese television series endings
Works by Akiko Nogi
Terrance Joseph Broadway (born April 16, 1992) is an American football quarterback. He was the Louisiana-Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns starting quarterback from 2012 to 2014. During his tenure, Broadway led the Cajuns to 3 bowl victories while collecting two bowl MVPs's.
Early years
Broadway attended Capitol High School in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He was ranked the fifth best dual threat quarterback by Rivals.com for the Class of 2010.
College career
Broadway played the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season as a freshman with the Houston Cougars football team, where he substituted for starting quarterback, Case Keenum, in four regular season games. His first career game was played on September 18, 2010, where he recorded 84 yards and one touchdown. He finished the season with 424 yards and three touchdowns.
In the spring semester of 2011, he transferred from the University of Houston to the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. In 2013, Broadway became one of 34 quarterbacks on the Davey O'Brien Award watch list.
In his final collegiate game, Broadway was the MVP of the 2014 New Orleans Bowl.
References
1992 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Houston Cougars football players
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football players
Players of American football from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Rumi Pukyu (Quechua rumi stone, pukyu spring, well, "stone spring (or well)", also spelled Rumipuquio) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately . It lies in the Junín Region, Tarma Province, on the border of the districts of Acobamba and Huasahuasi. Rumi Pukyu lies on the left bank of the Pallqamayu, north of the village of Acobamba.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Vijay Raghavendra is an Indian actor who appears predominantly in Kannada films. Referred to popularly as "Chinnari Mutha", Vijay is the son of producer S. A. Chinne Gowda and nephew of actor Dr.Rajkumar.
Vijay started his career as a child artist through the film Chalisuva Modagalu (1982) and won critical acclaims for his performances in Chinnari Mutha (1993) and Kotreshi Kanasu (1994). The latter film won him the National Film Award for Best Child Artist. His first Hero lead role was in Ramoji Rao's production titled Ninagagi in 2002, which was a commercial success and one of the highest-grossing films of the year. However, his subsequent projects under-performed at the box office until he was noticed for his role in the T. S. Nagabharana's period drama Kallarali Hoovagi in 2006, followed by his home production film Sevanthi Sevanthi in the same year. For playing the role of Puttaraj Gawai in the biographical film Shivayogi Sri Puttayyajja in 2016, Vijay won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor. In 2018, he made his directorial debut in Kismath (2018).
In 2013, by public vote, Vijay won the first season of the game show Bigg Boss – the Indian version of Celebrity Big Brother, currently produced by Endemol India.
Early life
Vijay Raghavendra was born in Bangalore, India to a family of film personalities. He began to act in films featuring his uncle Rajkumar in the lead. After having acted in about eight films as a bad artist, Vijay underwent a formal training in acting at Chennai.
Film career
Child roles : 1980s - 1990s
In 1982, Vijay appeared in a small role as a child in Singeetham Srinivasa Rao's romantic drama Chalisuva Modagalu, starring his uncle Rajkumar, Ambika and his cousin Puneeth Rajkumar, credited as Master Lohith. He went on to appear in the 1989 movie Parashuram, alongside his cousin Puneeth Rajkumar in a song. After a brief gap, in 1991 he appeared in Aralida Hoovugalu, a remake of the Hindi film Jawani Diwani (1971), directed by Chi. Dattaraj and co-starred Shiva Rajkumar. His next movie Chinnari Mutha became a huge success and he became a household name in Karnataka. After that, he acted in many movies, including Kotreshi Kanasu, for which he won a National Award for his performance.
In 1993, Vijay, in his teens, appeared in three films: H. R. Bhargava's novel-based drama Jaga Mechida Huduga, Renuka Sharma's devotional Kollura Sri Mookambika, where he played the role of young Shankaracharya and the lead protagonist in the T. S. Nagabharana's Children's film Chinnari Mutha. The film won multiple laurels and awards upon release both at the state and national level. Vijay won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Child Actor (Male) for his portrayal of an innocent Mutha who rises to great popularity through his good deeds. His popularity further rose in 1995 with the Nagathihalli Chandrashekar's film adaption of the novel "Kotra Highschoolige Seriddu", titled Kotreshi Kanasu. Vijay played the titular role of Kotreshi and went on to win the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for the year 1994–95. The other film he featured in was the biographical Sangeetha Sagara Ganayogi Panchakshara Gavai, directed by Chindodi Bangaresh. He again played the titular role as the young and blind reformer Gawai and also portrayed the younger part of Narendra in the Hindi film Swami Vivekananda. Following this, he took a break from films and concentrated on his studies.
Adult roles: 2002 - Present
His first adult role as an actor was in Ninagagi (2002), a box office blockbuster which brought him success on his first role opposite the debutant Radhika. The film was a remake of the Telugu hit Nuvve Kavali, which screened for over 100 days and created a record. Following this success, he signed two more movies in the same year, which could not succeed at the box office. He has acted in many movies since then. His notable movies are Kallarali Hoovagi, Rishi, Khushi and Kaaranji.
Vijay did not have a single release in 2010. His much delayed films Shraavana, Vinayaka Geleyara Balaga and the multi-starrer Kalla Malla Sulla released in 2011 with the latter two films earning favourable reviews. In 2012, he starred again in a multi-starrer comedy Snehitaru, which received a mixed response at the box office. In 2015, he starred in the biographical Shivayogi Sri Puttayyajja and won the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor.
In 2013, Vijay was a contestant and winner in the much talked about Kannada version of the reality show Bigg Boss in its first season, which started with 13 contestants. Vijay has been reportedly paid Rs. 5 million prize money.
Personal life
Vijay is the eldest child of producer S. A. Chinne Gowda and his wife Jayamma. His younger brother Sriimurali is a popular Kannada film actor. His paternal aunt Parvathamma Rajkumar was a prominent film producer and distributor in Kannada cinema. He is the cousin of actors Shiva Rajkumar, Raghavendra Rajkumar and Puneeth Rajkumar. On 26 August 2007, he married a Tulu girl Spandana, the daughter of Assistant Commissioner of Police, B. K. Shivaram. The couple has a son named Shourya.
Charitable work
In 2013, it was announced that he had joined other Bollywood and international celebrities in the TeachAids initiative, a state-of-the-art approach to worldwide HIV prevention, developed at Stanford University.
Filmography
Actor
Singer
Television
References
External links
Living people
Kannada people
Male actors in Kannada cinema
Indian male film actors
Male actors from Bangalore
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Participants in Indian reality television series
Reality show winners
Big Brother (franchise) winners
Kannada playback singers
Indian male playback singers
Indian male child actors
Best Child Artist National Film Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bigg Boss Kannada contestants
Xolani Nkuleko Msimango is a South African politician who has been a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa for the African National Congress since March 2022. He is a member of the Portfolio Committee on Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs.
Msimango was appointed to the National Assembly to replace Maggie Tlou, who died in February 2022.
References
Living people
Zulu people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Year of birth missing (living people)
Willemien Jonetta "Wiljon" Vaandrager (born 27 August 1957 in Brummen, Gelderland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Harriet van Ettekoven, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Martha Laurijsen.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
Database Olympics profile
1957 births
Living people
People from Brummen
Dutch female rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Sportspeople from Gelderland
Japu Punta (possibly from Quechua hapu oven made in the field of clods of earth with dry roots which are burnt to heat potatoes in them to prepare wathiya, a traditional dish, punta peak; ridge; first, before, in front of,) or Huichcana (possibly from Quechua for a bar across a door or window, bolt, lock, blockade,) is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about high. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Canchis Province, Pitumarca District and in the Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District. Japu Punta lies north of the lake Sibinacocha and northwest of Condoriquiña, Huila Aje and Yayamari.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Glaciers of Peru
Hide-Out is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film directed by Reginald Barker and written by Lambert Hillyer, Arthur Ripley and Matt Taylor. The film stars James Murray, Kathryn Crawford, Carl Stockdale, Lee Moran, Guy Edward Hearn and Robert Elliott. The film was released by Universal Pictures in April 1930.
Plot
A bootlegger in trouble with the law hides out on a college campus. He disguises himself as a student, but soon becomes the school's star athlete and most popular man on campus.
Cast
James Murray as Jimmy Dorgan
Kathryn Crawford as Dorothy Evans
Carl Stockdale as Dorgan
Lee Moran as Joe Hennessey
Guy Edward Hearn as Coach Latham
Robert Elliott as William Burke
Jack Hanlon as Jerry
George Hackathorne as Atlas
Sarah Padden as Mrs. Dorgan
Jane Keckley as Mrs. Evans
Richard Carlyle as Dean
References
External links
1930 films
1930s English-language films
American drama films
1930 drama films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Reginald Barker
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Protest! was a clandestine leaflet issued in 1942 as a protest by Polish Catholics against the mass murder of Jews in German-occupied Poland.
History
Protest! was published on 28 August 1942 in Warsaw. It was signed by the Polish underground organization, Front for the Rebirth of Poland, which was a continuation of the prewar Catholic Action. Its president at the time was the Polish writer, Zofia Kossak-Szczucka. Protest! was clandestinely issued as a leaflet in 5,000 copies in Warsaw on 11 August 1942. It was published a few weeks after the start of the Germans' liquidation of the Warsaw ghetto, from which – as part of Operation Reinhard – Jews were deported to the Treblinka extermination camp.
The world, Kossak-Szczucka wrote, was silent in the face of this atrocity. "England is silent, so is America, even the influential international Jewry, so sensitive in its reaction to any transgression against its people, is silent. Poland is silent... Dying Jews are surrounded only by a host of Pilates washing their hands in innocence." Those who are silent in the face of murder, she wrote, become accomplices to the crime. Kossak-Szczucka saw this largely as an issue of religious ethics. "Our feelings toward Jews have not changed," she wrote. "We do not stop thinking of them as political, economic and ideological enemies of Poland." But, she wrote, this does not relieve Polish Catholics of their duty to oppose the crimes being committed in their country.
We are required by God to protest," she wrote. "God who forbids us to kill. We are required by our Christian consciousness. Every human being has the right to be loved by his fellow men. The blood of the defenceless cries to heaven for revenge. Those who oppose our protest, are not Catholics.
We do not believe that Poland can benefit from German cruelties. On the contrary. ... We know how poisoned is the fruit of the crime. ... Those who do not understand this, and believe that a proud and free future for Poland can be combined with acceptance of the grief of their fellow men, are neither Catholics nor Poles.
Reception
The protest was a big surprise for leftist circles and the Jews themselves, because Zofia Kossak was associated with Catholic national circles, which in the pre-war Poland were very reserved for Jews and criticized Jewish communities. This position was also clearly presented by the author in the content of her protest. After announcing her appeal, Kossak repeatedly published in the underground press appeals to Poles for help to the Jews. Her efforts led in September 1942 to establishing an organization helping Jews, the Provisional Committee to Aid Jews (Tymczasowy Komitet Pomocy Żydom), later transformed into the Council to Aid Jews (Rada Pomocy Żydom) - Żegota, an underground organization whose sole purpose was to save Jews in Poland from Nazi extermination. It was the only organization of this type in occupied Europe. Co-organizer was Wanda Krahelska, social activist of the Polish Socialist Party.
Kossak personally helped the Jews hiding on the "Aryan side" by supplying them with money and false documents. In 1943 she was arrested by the Germans and imprisoned in the German concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau, and later transferred to Pawiak prison, where she was sentenced to death. It was saved in 1944 thanks to the efforts of the Polish underground. For her contribution to saving Jews during World War II, she received posthumously in 1982 a medal and the title of Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem.
Regarding Kossak-Szczucka's "Protest", Robert D. Cherry and Annamaria Orla-Bukowska wrote in the introduction to Rethinking Poles and Jews: "Without at all whitewashing her antisemitism in the document, she vehemently called for active intercession on behalf of the Jews - precisely in the name of Polish Roman Catholicism and Polish patriotism. The deportations from the Warsaw Ghetto precipitated her cofounding of Żegota that same year - an Armia Krajowa (AK, Home Army) unit whose sole purpose was to save Jews."
References
Bibliography
1942 documents
1942 in Poland
Holocaust historiography
Holocaust historical documents
International response to the Holocaust
The Holocaust in Poland
Daniel-Bek Abisoghomi Pirumyan (; 22 November 1861 – 1922) was an Armenian military commander who served in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I and in the army of the First Republic of Armenia. He was one of the commanders of Armenian forces at the Battle of Sardarabad. During the Turkish–Armenian War of 1920, he commanded the unsuccessful defense of Kars and was taken prisoner.
Biography
Daniel-Bek Pirumyan was born in 1861 in Nakhichevanik village of the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire (now in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh). He graduated from the public school in Shusha and began his service in the Imperial Russian Army in 1881 in Yerevan. He studied at the Tiflis Infantry School and the Infantry Officers' School in Oranienbaum Military Academy. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1913 and colonel in 1915. During World War I, he fought on the Caucasus Front, commanding the 3rd Battalion of the 153rd Infantry Regiment in Western Armenia. During the Erzurum offensive, he captured the Turkish fort of Dalangez and then fought off the Turkish army trying to reclaim it. Of the 1,400 Russian and Armenian officers and soldiers defending the fort, 1,100 were killed and the survivors were injured. Nevertheless, eight assaults were repulsed by the fort and Dalangez was not given to the enemy.
On 26 May 1918, he participated in the Battle of Sardarabad as general commander of the Sardarabad unit. His cousin Poghos Bek-Pirumyan also participated in the battle as the commander of the 5th Karabakh Regiment. Daniel-Bek held the rank of lieutenant general in the army of the First Republic of Armenia. He commanded Armenian forces at the Battle of Kars and was taken prisoner by Kâzım Karabekir's army after the fall of the city. He was released from imprisonment in October 1921.
Several sources claim that Daniel-Bek Pirumyan was arrested and executed along with other officers in 1921 following the Sovietization of Armenia, either near Dilijan or in Ryazan, and that his cousin Poghos-Bek Pirumyan committed suicide after finding out about this. In reality, Pirumyan, whose health had deteriorated in Turkish captivity, died suddenly in Yerevan in the autumn of 1922, as he was preparing to leave Armenia and join his wife in Moscow. Pirumyan's remains are buried in the courtyard of Saint Gayane Church in Etchmiadzin in Armenia.
Awards
Order of Saint Stanislaus, 2nd class
Order of Saint Stanislaus, 3rd class
Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Order of St. Anna, 3rd class
Order of St. Anna, 4th class
Order of St. George, 3rd class
Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Gold Sword for Bravery
Legacy
In 2013, Yuri Pirumyan, the grandson of Daniel-Bek, published a book about his grandfather's life titled The Life of Daniel-Bek Pirumyan (). Pirumyan wrote the book using archival data, noting that later historical publications contain many facts contradict each other, whereas his book contains documented historical facts.
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Outstanding people of Karabagh
Genocide.ru
Armenian news report about book The Life of Daniel-Bek Pirumyan
Hayazg.info
1861 births
1921 deaths
People from Khojaly District
Imperial Russian Army personnel
Russian military personnel of World War I
Armenian colonels
Armenian people of World War I
People of the First Republic of Armenia
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of St. George of the Third Degree
Recipients of the Gold Sword for Bravery
20th-century executions by Russia
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 4th class
Tomblin Rock () is an isolated rock 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) east-southeast of Demon Point, Candlemas Island, in the South Sandwich Islands. It is 24 meters high. It is more than 50 meters long north–south, and about 23 meters wide. It has an area of less than 0.1 hectares.
It was charted and named Black Rock by personnel on RRS Discovery II in 1930, but that name was changed to avoid duplication. Renamed by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1971 for John F. Tomblin, British Antarctic Survey (BAS) geologist who made a detailed study of rocks at Candlemas Island in 1964.
References
Rock formations of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Liu Mingyuan (刘明源, pinyin: Líu Míngyuán; 1931-1996) was a prominent Chinese musician, composer, and teacher. He played the Chinese bowed string instruments banhu, zhonghu, gaohu, erhu, jinghu, and zhuihu, among others, as well as the piano.
Biography
Born in Tianjin, Mingyuan began studying music from his father and eventually learned to play a wide variety of traditional genres including pingju, Cantonese music, and Beijing opera.
He composed and arranged several popular guoyue pieces, many of which are based on traditional Chinese melodies. Among his best-known compositions are Xi Yang Yang (喜洋洋), Happy Year (幸福年), and Ten Elder Sisters (十大姐). Among his solos for the erhu are Henan Tune (河南小曲).
Along with Liu Tianhua and Abing, Liu is considered one of China's three finest traditional instrumentalists of the 20th century.
References
External links
Liu Mingyuan page
Treasures Of Chinese Instrumental Music, Bowed Instruments
1931 births
1996 deaths
Chinese male composers
Musicians from Tianjin
Erhu players
20th-century composers
20th-century Chinese musicians
20th-century male musicians
KDB Darussalam (06) is the lead ship of her class of offshore patrol vessels. The vessel is in active service in the Royal Brunei Navy (RBN).
OPV program
Brunei ordered the from Lürssen, the same company that Brunei contracted to sell the Nakhoda Ragam-class corvettes, and the first two vessels were delivered in January 2011. The second batch of two ships were delivered by 2014.
Construction and career
KDB Darussalam was built by Lürssen Werft company in Germany around the late 2000s. She is part of the first batch delivered from Germany to Brunei. Darussalam and commissioned together on 4 May 2011 at Muara Naval Base. All four of her sister ships work in the offshore patrol vessel role.
RIMPAC 2014
Darussalam and fired their missile systems for the first time. They successfully conducted their first Excoet MM40 Block II surface-to-surface missile firing at the Pacific Missile Range Facility, north of Kaua'i Island.
Both RBN ships participated in Exercise RIMPAC in 2014, hosted by the United States Third Fleet off Hawaii. The ships participated in the SINKEX exercise. Darussalam and Darulaman simultaneously fired their Exocet missiles, which struck the target which was the ex-USS Tuscaloosa.
Exercise Pelican 2015
Singapore and Brunei concluded their flagship bilateral naval exercise on 27 November. Exercise Pelican ran from 23 to 27 November 2015, it was hosted by the Republic of Singapore Navy. The exercise featured RSS Valiant, , Darussalam and Darulehsan.
SEAGULL 2016
Darussalam participated in the ASEAN Defence Minister Meeting-Plus Maritime Security and Counterterrorism Exercise, the SEAGULL 07/16 Exercise was officially inaugurated between the RBN and Philippine Navy. Representing both navies were Darussalam and , with both ships departing Changi Naval base on 12 May 2016.
The exercise integrated the ADMM-Plus ships to strengthen their capability and inter-operability in effectively addressing terrorism and maritime threats as they are put through realistic sea and land based scenarios. The effort from the ADMM-Plus ships showed their continuous commitment in enhancing regional peace and stability.
PASSEX 2018
On 7 March 2018, the made a goodwill visit to Muara Naval Base after sailing from Hong Kong. On 9 March, Vendémiaire conducted a PASSEX with Darussalam, before sailing to the Philippines.
Exercise PELICAN 2019
Republic of Singapore and Royal Brunei Navy held an exercise which consists of RSS Tenacious, RSS Valour, RSS Vigour, KDB Darussalam, KDB Darulehsan and KDB Darulaman. All Republic of Singapore Navy ships left on 7 November 2019.
Gallery
References
Royal Brunei Navy
Ships of Brunei
2009 ships
The solar eclipse of 1 May 1185 was a total solar eclipse visible in Central America, Northern Europe, Eastern Europe, and Kazakhstan. The eclipse is number 30 in the Solar Saros 115 series. The eclipse shadow on the Earth's surface was at its greatest at 13:18:02 Universal Time. The sun was in Taurus at this time.
Eclipse path
The shadow axis passed between the Earth's center and the North Pole. The minimum distance from the center of the Earth to the Moon's shadow cone axis was 3,357 kilometers. The average length of the Moon's shadow was 373,320 kilometers. The distance from the Earth to the Moon on 1 May 1185 was 347,727 kilometers. The apparent diameter of the Moon was 1.0736 times that of the sun. The shadow had a maximum width of 280 kilometers. It began on the west coast of Central America and crossed the Atlantic Ocean in a northeasterly direction. The shadow passed through present-day Nicaragua and Haiti. The maximum duration of the eclipse occurred in the middle of the North Atlantic at coordinates 46°N, 37.2°W.
The maximum duration of totality was 5 minutes and 10 seconds. The eclipse magnitude is 1.0736. The eclipse was preceded two weeks earlier by a partial lunar eclipse on April 16.
A partial eclipse came ashore in Scotland, crossed the North Sea, and entered Norway. According to astronomer Sheridan Williams, there was probably a drop in temperature at the time of the eclipse, around 2 pm in Scotland. He says that it was Scotland's fifth longest total eclipse at 4 minutes and 40 seconds. Williams also notes that some older observers in Scotland may have also witnessed the previous eclipse, 52 years earlier.
After passing through present-day Sweden, the eclipse touched a part of Finland and covered the northern part of the Baltic Sea at the Gulf of Finland. The eclipse then entered Russia. The eclipse's shadow touched part of what would be St. Petersburg, as well as Novgorod and Rostov. As the shadow journeyed in a southeasterly direction, it passed through the modern sites of Nizhny Novgorod, Kazan, Ufa, and Magnitogorsk. The eclipse shadow started diminishing when it entered present-day Kazakhstan and extinguished completely about 30 miles before reaching Astana.
In literature
Study of eclipse occurrences can create a precise timetable for historical events that are elusive and could not otherwise be accurately dated.
The eclipse was mentioned in the Kievan Rus' epic poem Lay of the Host of Igor. It was seen by Prince Igor Svyatoslavich and his army whilst on their campaign against the Polovtsians, and was interpreted as a message from God prophesying trouble, hence frightening Igor's men who thought it a bad omen. According to the Lay, after the eclipse Igor gave a long speech to his retinue to allay their fears before proceeding on his campaign.
The eclipse is mentioned in the 14th-century Laurentian Chronicle with the first detailed description of solar prominences. They were described as flame-like tongues of live embers: On the first day of the month of May, on the day of the Saint Prophet Jeremiah, on Wednesday, during the evening service, there was a sign in the Sun. It became very dark, even the stars could be seen; it seemed to men as if everything were green, and the Sun became like a crescent of the Moon, from the horns of which a glow similar to that of red-hot charcoals was emanating. It was terrible to see this sign of the Lord.
The Melrose Chronicle claims that "stars appeared" at Melrose in Scotland during the eclipse of 1185, but this is doubted by the writer Thomas Cooper who points out that scientific calculations indicate that the eclipse was not total at Melrose.
The Brut y Tywysogion, the Welsh Chronicle of the Princes, says of the solar eclipse of 1 May 1185 Yn y ulwyddyn honno dyw Calan Mei y sumudawd yr heul y lliw; ac y dywat rei uot anei diffyc, which translates as: In that year on the day of the Calends of May the Sun changed its colour; and some said that it was under an eclipse. Bryn Jones believes there was a total solar eclipse across the Scottish Highlands, the Western Isles and Orkney.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
The total solar eclipse of 1 May 1185 (Russian)
NASA interactive map of total solar eclipse of 1 May 1185
External links
NASA Eclipse Website
Solar eclipse newsletter
NASA Besselian Elements – Total Solar Eclipse of 1185 May 01
1185 5 1
1185 5 1
1185 5 1
1185
John Morton (born February 17, 1942) is an American racing driver from Waukegan, Illinois.
Early life
After his father took him to a race at Road America in 1957, Morton became an avid racing fan. He went on to race jalopies in South Carolina before he dropped out of Clemson University to attend Carroll Shelby's racing school at Riverside Raceway in California. Taking a menial job working in Carroll Shelby's race shop, Morton saved his money to purchase his first race car, a Lotus Super 7 which he raced in SCCA (Sports Car Club of America) amateur races in 1963.
Career
In 1964, he drove with Ken Miles at Sebring in a 427 Cobra for Shelby American Racing. Teaming with Miles and Skip Scott, Morton won the GT class at the Road America 500, second overall, in a team Cobra. That year, he bought his second race car: a Lotus 23B.
John raced mostly SCCA Club races through 1968 until Peter Brock (the American designer, motorsports writer and photographer, not the Australian racer) hired him for his new BRE Datsun team. The period between 1969 and 1972 was fruitful for John, Peter and Datsun. The team disbanded after the 1972 season after dominating both SCCA C Production with the 240Z (National Championships in 1970-71) and the 2.5 Trans-Am with the 510.
Racing in F5000, Can-Am and IMSA occupied the next few years. A short almost accidental foray into the movie industry in 1975 led to stunt work on films and several TV shows, including The Rockford Files and Fantasy Island. In 1981, Phil Conte joined John's small Can-Am team as a sponsor for two years after which Phil formed his own IMSA team with John as one of his two drivers in the GTP category.
In 1985, Jim Busby hired John as team driver in one of his BF Goodrich sponsored Porsche 962s with Pete Halsmer. The pair won the Times GP at Riverside in 1985. In 1987 John drove for the Group 44 Jaguar team of Bob Tullius and won the last Times GP at Riverside and the West Palm Beach GP, both sharing the car with Hurley Haywood. The Walkinshaw team replaced Tullius' Jaguar team for 1988 and the Electramotive Nissan Team signed Morton. John and Geoff Brabham won several races that year setting the stage for Nissan's domination of the IMSA series for several years.
Other notable Nissan races for John during 1989–95 include an overall victory at Sebring and several class wins, including Le Mans. Morton was third overall in a Joest Porsche in 1986 and class winner in a BFG Mazda Lola in 1984, competing nine times at Le Mans. Several races in various other classes and categories include Sprint cars and karts. He made his CART debut in the first race of the 1984 season at the Long Beach Grand Prix and finished 9th but was never able to get a ride in competitive car.
In his most recent professional races, 1997–2001, John raced Porsches in both the Grand Am Rolex Sports Car Series and American Le Mans Series. Currently most of John's competition is in vintage races driving a variety of cars, which include Cobra coupes, Corvettes, Porsches, and a Sunbeam Tiger.
Morton has competed at the Monterey Historic Automobile Races many times. In 2010, he suffered a crash when his Scarab flipped end-over-end near turn two of Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, landing upside down with a broken roll bar. He was taken to the hospital, and was determined to be fine. The Scarab was seriously damaged, but it was rebuilt and restored to original specifications and recently won the Amelia Island Concours.
In 2013, the Sports Car Club of America held the 50th Running of the National Runoffs. Because of this momentous event special rules were in place to allow former champions to enter the event without running any of that season's qualifying events. Bonk Brothers Racing and LNA Enterprises prepared a Nissan 240Z for Morton to run at the event. Due to poor weather he was only able to have 2 sessions in the car. He was able to qualify 13th and finish 10th.
In 2013, Motorbooks published John's first person account: “Inside Shelby American - Wrenching and Racing with Carroll Shelby in the 1960s."
Racing record
SCCA National Championship Runoffs
24 Hours of Le Mans results
References
External links
John Morton Racing
1942 births
Champ Car drivers
Trans-Am Series drivers
Living people
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
American Le Mans Series drivers
Sportspeople from Waukegan, Illinois
Racing drivers from Illinois
World Sportscar Championship drivers
SCCA Formula Super Vee drivers
SCCA National Championship Runoffs winners
12 Hours of Sebring drivers
Oreca drivers
Team Joest drivers
Weymouth Peace Garden is garden dedicated to peace in the seaside town of Weymouth in Dorset, southern England.
The Peace Garden is a multifaith community garden. It located to the south of Weymouth Harbour, close to Nothe Gardens and Nothe Fort. Immediately adjacent to the garden is Wellington Court, formerly Red Barracks.
The garden was opened on 24 April 2010 on the site of a former Quaker burial ground.
See also
Hope Square
Nothe Parade
References
External links
Weymouth Peace Garden website
2010 establishments in England
Gardens in Dorset
Harbour
Harbour
Peace gardens
Community gardening in England
Cemeteries in Dorset
Former cemeteries
Quaker cemeteries
The Kurit Dam is a masonry arch dam located 34 km southeast of Tabas, Iran near the village of Kurit. The dam is an early arch dam constructed by the Mongolians around 1350 AD.
Dam
The dam was originally 60m tall but 4m of height was added in 1850. The dam was constructed in a very narrow gorge and was the tallest in the world up until the early 20th century. The dam also contained a water outlet system considered sophisticated for its time. Currently, the dam does not impound a reservoir and a large segment of its lower downstream face has fallen off. Behind the dam, where the reservoir existed, is now full of silt with the exception of directly behind the upstream face which has been excavated.
History
Kurit Dam belongs to the post-Islamic historical periods and is located in the village of Kurit, Tabas city, Iran.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1350
Infrastructure completed in the 14th century
Dams in South Khorasan Province
Archaeological sites in Iran
Masonry dams
Buildings and structures in South Khorasan Province
Hill Grove or Hills Grove may refer to:
Hills Grove, North Carolina, an unincorporated community in Surry County
Hill Grove, Ohio, an unincorporated community in Darke County
Hill Grove, Virginia, an unincorporated community in Pittsylvania County
Rise of the Robots is a 1994 video game.
Rise of the Robots may also refer to:
Rise of the Robots (book), 2015 book by Martin Ford
Rise 2: Resurrection, also known as Rise of the Robots 2, sequel to the 1994 video game
"Rise of the Robots", lecture by Kevin Warwick
See also
Rise Robots Rise, experimental hip hop group
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines, 2003 film
AI takeover, a hypothetical scenario in which artificial intelligence takes over human intelligence
Muskens is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eefje Muskens (born 1989), Dutch badminton player
Martinus Petrus Maria Muskens (1935–2013), Dutch Roman Catholic bishop
See also
Musken, a village in Nordland, Norway
SpVgg EGC Wirges is a German association football club from the city of Wirges, Rhineland-Palatinate.
History
Spielvereinigung Eintracht Glas-Chemie Wirges was formed 1 July 1972 through the merger of Sport Club Wirges (1924), Sportverein Rot-Weiß Keramchemie Siershahn (1921), and Sportverein Ebernhahn (1949). Through the late 1970s and early 1980s the club played third division football in the Amateurliga Rheinland and Amateur Oberliga Südwest where they earned unremarkable results. SpVgg EGC made appearances in the opening round of the DFB-Pokal (German Cup) competition in 1978 and 1979. Through the balance of the 1980s and into the 1990s the team played lower division football, highlighted by their third DFB-Pokal appearance in 1991. The club advanced to the Oberliga Südwest in 1994 for a two-year stint, and returned to the league once more in 1998, where they remained for many years as a mid-table side. During this time, the team also made another appearance in the DFB-Pokal in 2003.
The club's fifteen seasons in the Oberliga came to an end in 2013 when it was relegated back to the Rheinlandliga for a season. Winning the title in this league, the club quickly returned to the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar in 2014. At the end of the 2015–16 season SpVgg EGC Wirges decided to withdraw from the Oberliga to the Rheinlandliga despite finishing in tenth place, well above the relegation ranks.
Honours
The club's honours:
League
Rheinlandliga (V-VI)
Champions: 1983, 1987, 1998, 2014
Cup
Rhineland Cup
Winners: 1991, 2003
Runners-up: 1978, 2000
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier. In 2012 the Oberliga Südwest was renamed Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar.
References
External links
Official team site
SpVgg EGC Wirges at Weltfussball.de
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Rhineland-Palatinate
Association football clubs established in 1972
1972 establishments in Germany
Justin De Witt Bowersock (September 19, 1842 – October 27, 1922) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Early life
Justin De Witt Bowersick was born on September 19, 1942, near Columbiana, Ohio, Bowersock moved to Iowa City, Iowa, in 1860 and engaged in mercantile pursuits and grain shipping. He moved to Lawrence, Kansas, in 1877 and engaged in banking and in the manufacture of flour, paper, and barbed wire. He served as mayor of Lawrence from 1881 to 1885. Bowersock was elected to the Kansas House of Representatives in 1887. He served as a member of the Kansas State Senate in 1895.
Bowersock was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1907). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1906. He was interested in banking and manufactures in Lawrence, Kansas, until his death there on October 27, 1922. He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery in Lawrence.
References
1842 births
1922 deaths
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Charlie Brown's Roundabout is a large roundabout in South Woodford for lesser arterial roads and is a local landmark name for the motorway access flyovers above.
Layout and unconnected flyovers
Southwest is the nearby settlement, South Woodford, part of London since 1965. The Roding, a traditional boundary, is east of the roundabout.
The roundabout is for a restricted access North Circular junction, east of its course, with lesser roads: Southend Road and Chigwell Road: to north, east and south. Overhead are flyovers of the west-facing (North London), as opposed to south-facing (East London) southern end of the M11 motorway. The flyovers and the western approach to the roundabout access solely the North London aspects of the North Circular, which changes axis – to run south – west of the roundabout.
The nascent M11 and the North Circular merge at the next interchange south, the Redbridge Roundabout, (or, specifically, via a long spur north of that, for access to the northbound M11) that is the point of local interface with the North Circular's East London axis.
History
Toponymy
The roundabout is named after the landlord of the 20th century-founded pub, The Roundabout, that was demolished in 1972 when the roundabout was enlarged to allow sliproads for the new motorway. The landlord's father, also Charlie Brown (1859–1932), was the landlord of the minor museum-containing Railway Tavern, locally known as Charlie Brown's (pub) in Limehouse, in the London Docklands, a few miles south; taken over by his daughter; Charles junior vacated the opposing rival pub, the Blue Posts, in about 1938 to take on The Roundabout, in Woodford.
Formation of a junction
One road here pre-dates the early 20th century, Chigwell Road. Today's roundabout replaces a section of that road, part of the old course of the river, and small parts of three fields. Its southwest sits on the site of Roding Cottage which included a commercial rose nursery in its .
References
External links
http://www.british-history.ac.uk/report.aspx?compid=46477
https://web.archive.org/web/20131029192101/http://www.britannia.com/travel/london/cockney/cbrown.html
http://eastlondonhistory.com/2010/11/07/charlie-browns-pub/
Road junctions in London
Roundabouts in England
Boško Lozica (born November 28, 1952 in Korčula, Yugoslavia) is a former water polo player. As a member of Yugoslavia's water polo team he won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Yugoslav male water polo players
Olympic medalists in water polo
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic water polo players of Yugoslavia
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
People from Korčula
Lozica, Boško
Organochromium chemistry is a branch of organometallic chemistry that deals with organic compounds containing a chromium to carbon bond and their reactions. The field is of some relevance to organic synthesis. The relevant oxidation states for organochromium complexes encompass the entire range of possible oxidation states from –4 (d10) in Na4[Cr–IV(CO)4] to +6 (d0) in oxo-alkyl complexes like Cp*CrVI(=O)2Me.
History
The first organochromium compound was described in 1919 by Franz Hein. He treated phenylmagnesium bromide with chromium(III) chloride to give a new product (after hydrolysis) which he incorrectly identified as pentaphenyl chromium bromide (Ph5CrBr). Years later, in 1957 H.H. Zeiss et al. repeated Hein's experiments and correctly arrived at a cationic bisarene chromium sandwich compound (ArH2Cr+). Bis(benzene)chromium itself was discovered around the same time in 1956 by Ernst Otto Fischer by reaction of chromium(III) chloride, benzene and aluminum chloride. The related compound chromocene had been discovered a few years earlier in 1953 also by Fischer.
Anet and Leblanc also in 1957 prepared a benzyl chromium solution from benzyl bromide and chromium(II) perchlorate. This reaction involves one-electron oxidative addition of the carbon-bromine bond, a process which was shown by Kochi to be a case of double single electron transfer, first to give the benzyl free radical and then to the benzyl anion.
G. Wilke et al. introduced tris-(η-allyl)chromium in 1963 as an early Ziegler–Natta catalyst, albeit of limited commercial success. Chromocene compounds were first employed in ethylene polymerization in 1972 by Union Carbide and continue to be used today in the industrial production of high-density polyethylene.
The organochromium compound (phenylmethoxycarbene)pentacarbonylchromium, Ph(OCH3)C=Cr(CO)5 was the first carbene complex to be crystallographically characterized by Fischer in 1967 (now called a Fischer carbene). The first ever carbyne, this one also containing chromium, made its debut in 1973.
The first example of a proposed metal-metal quintuple bond is found in a compound of the type [CrAr]2, where Ar is a bulky aryl ligand.
Applications in organic synthesis
Although organochromium chemistry is heavily employed in industrial catalysis, relatively few reagents have been developed for applications in organic synthesis. Two are the Nozaki-Hiyama-Kishi reaction (1977) (transmetallation with organonickel intermediate) and the Takai olefination (1986)(oxidation of Cr(II) to Cr(III) while replacing halogens). In a niche exploit, certain tricarbonyl(arene)chromium complexes display benzylic activation.
Organochromium compounds
Organochromium compounds can be divided into these broad compound classes:
Sandwich compounds: chromocene Cp2Cr and Bis(benzene)chromium derivatives (ArH)2Cr. More commonly studied are half-sandwich complexes such as (η6-C6H5OMe)Cr(CO)3.
Chromium carbenes (R1)(R2)C::CrLn and carbynes (RC:::CrLn)
Chromium(III) complexes RCrL5.
Complexes of chromium carbonyl anion and cation (e.g Na4Cr(CO)4).
Ethylene polymerization and oligomerization
Chromium catalysts are important in ethylene polymerization. The Phillips catalyst is prepared by impregnating chromium(VI) oxide on silica followed activation in dry air at high temperatures. The bright yellow catalyst becomes reduced by the ethylene to afford a probable Cr(II) species that is catalytically active. A related catalytic systems developed by Union Carbide and DSM are also based on silica with chromocene and other chromium complexes. How these catalysts work is unclear. One model system describes it as coordination polymerization:
With two THF ligands the catalyst is stable but in dichloromethane one ligand is lost to form a 13 electron chromium intermediate. This enables side-on addition of an ethylene unit and a polymer chain can grow by migratory insertion.
Chromium compounds also catalyse the trimerization of ethylene to produce the monomer 1-hexene.
References
Robert Anthony Moore (born August 15, 1964) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons. Robert Moore currently coaches Varsity Football for the Pace Academy Knights in Atlanta.
1964 births
Living people
Players of American football from Shreveport, Louisiana
American football safeties
Northwestern State Demons football players
Atlanta Falcons players
Anthony LaMarca is a drummer, guitarist, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and co-founder of Primary Records. He is currently a member of The War on Drugs, joining the band on its tour in support of its third studio album, Lost in the Dream (2014), and contributing to their follow-up, A Deeper Understanding (2017).
Native to Youngstown, Ohio, LaMarca took part in the local music scene. Promptly upon graduating from The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music in 2009, LaMarca joined St. Vincent as drummer and toured extensively in support of her Actor release. Annie Clark (of St. Vincent) is quoted saying: "Anthony LaMarca is [a] boy wonder, boy genius. He graduated from college and then the next day he went on tour with me, forever. He's just a delight. He's so funny. He came in and tried out and he's just like, everything about what he did was meticulous. Like, he had a very good sounding snare and he brought it. Everything about it—about him—you could tell there was care and thought put into everything he did." His style has also been referred to as a "laid-back Levon Helm-style pocket to rigid Kraftwerkian tick-tock[…]."
He worked with Dean & Britta's project of scoring songs "to accompany Warhol's silent film portraits he shot from 1964 to 1966 at his New York City studio The Factory."
LaMarca co-founded Primary Records with his friend Oren Kessler in 2011 in Brooklyn, New York. On the label is LaMarca's band The Building: a group spawned from his Youngstown roots, including his brother Angelo, wife Megan, and other long time collaborators. LaMarca stated that The Building is "getting ready to release their record The Swooshy Businessman".
LaMarca has toured supporting St. Vincent, The Building, Gym Deer,
Pony of Good Tidings, Dean Wareham, Dean & Britta, Spoon, and JBM.
References
Living people
Musicians from Youngstown, Ohio
Year of birth missing (living people)
The War on Drugs (band) members
İmamlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The Chibougamau River flows west in the Chibougamau, then Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality) in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada.
From the source, the course of the river successively crosses the townships of: Roy, McKenzie, O'Balski, Hauy, Scott, Barlow, Mckenzie, Blainlock, McKenzie, Barlow, Cuvier, Opemisca, Lamarck, Guettard, Saussure, Ribourde, Ronciere, Ribourde, Krieghoff and Gand.
The surface of the Iserhoff North River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is usually from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The surrounding hydrographic slopes of the Chibougamau River are:
North side: Maicasagi River, Caupichigau River, Comencho Lake and Opataca Lake;
East side: Chibougamau Lake, Obatogamau Lakes;
South side: Opawica River and Obatogamau River;
West side: Waswanipi River, Lake Waswanipi, Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River).
The head of the Chibougamau River hydrographic slope is located South of the Mistassini Lake.
The Chibougamau Lake is the main source of the Chibougamau River, which flows more than 200 km to the west in complex zigzags. The mouth of Chibougamau Lake flows westward into Lac aux Dorés, located southeast of the town of Chibougamau. The mouth of "Lac aux Dorés" is located at the bottom of a bay south of the lake in Obalski Township.
Flowing south, the Chibougamau River flares out to form Merrill Lake, then the river waters Scott Township to the north. On its irregular course, the river crosses successively 12 lakes: Ledden, David, Dulieux, Simon, Scott, Acinitchibastat, Gwillim, Chevrillon, Rush, Barlow, Opémisca and Michwacho.
At its mouth, the Chibougamau River converges with the Opawica River (coming from the southeast) to form the Waswanipi River. This point of convergence is just upstream of the Waswanipi River bridge on road 113 connecting Chapais with Lebel-sur-Quévillon. The village of Waswanipi is located near the mouth of the two rivers on the north bank of the Chibougamau River.
On its route, the river drains in particular the area of establishment Cri de Oujé-Bougoumou, located on the north shore of Lake Opémisca. This hamlet is 16.3 km (in a direct line) North of the village of Chapais. The summit of Mount Opémisca () is located North of Opémisca Lake and Northwest of Cri de Oujé-Bougoumou.
After crossing Michwacho, the Chibougamau River branches North and West to bypass the Michwacho Mountains (), Roy (), "of the Solitary Sentinel"() and the Pachyderm Hills ().
Toponymy
In 1816 James Clouston of the Hudson's Bay Company drew a map of the area, which refers to the name "Capacomou River" to refer to the Chibougamau River.
The toponym Chibougamau River was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec, when it was created.
Notes and references
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
Molla Mahmud () may refer to:
Molla Mahmud, Bushehr
Molla Mahmud, East Azerbaijan
Molla Mahmud, Razavi Khorasan
Mount Thurman () is the highest summit () in Bravo Hills along the edge of Ross Ice Shelf, located between the mouths of Gough and Le Couteur Glaciers in Antarctica. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Commander Robert K. Thurman, U.S. Navy, Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations, U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica, 1963.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Leaffishes are small fishes of the family Polycentridae. According to FishBase, it only includes the genera Monocirrhus and Polycentrus from fresh and brackish water in tropical South America. Although included in the Asian leaffish family Nandidae by FishBase, most recent authorities place the African Afronandus and Polycentropsis in Polycentridae. Polycentridae were formerly placed in the order Cichliformes but are now regarded as being incertae sedis in the subseries Ovalentaria in the clade Percomorpha.
All of these fishes are highly specialized ambush predators that resemble leaves, down to the point that their swimming style resembles a drifting leaf (thus the common name leaf fish); when a prey animal - such as an aquatic insect or smaller fish - comes within range, the fish attacks, swallowing the prey potentially within a quarter of a second. To aid in this lifestyle, all members of the family have large heads, cryptic colors and very large protractile mouths capable of taking prey items nearly as large as they are. These intriguing behaviors have given the family a niche in the aquarium hobby; however, none of these species are easy to maintain in aquariums, requiring very clean, soft, acidic water and copious amounts of live foods.
Genera and species
Genus Monocirrhus Heckel, 1840
Monocirrhus polyacanthus Heckel, 1840 (Amazon leaffish)
Genus Polycentrus Müller & Troschel, 1849
Polycentrus jundia Coutinho & Wosiacki, 2014
Polycentrus schomburgkii Müller & Troschel, 1849 (Guyana leaffish)
References
Ovalentaria
Éva Brájer (born 1962) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fejér County Regional List between 2010 and 2014. She was a member of the Committee on Education, Science and Research from 14 May 2010 to 5 May 2014.
References
1962 births
Living people
People from Székesfehérvár
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Women members of the National Assembly of Hungary
21st-century Hungarian women politicians
Inevitable is an EP by Thud, released in 1993 by Fifth Colvmn Records. In September 2018 the songs "Conflict" and "Search" received airplay on WMUC-FM when Gary Young of The Drooling Zoomers DJed them on his scheduled program The Irrelevant Show, which plays classic west-coast songs from the 1990s.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Inevitable liner notes.
Thud
Robert Dotolo – lead vocals, guitar, production, mixing
Gregg Hudson – drums, production
Chris Rasley – bass guitar, production
Adam Rutland – guitar, production
Production and design
Craig Albertson – photography
Julie Horowitz – cover art, photography
Nikolas H. Huffman – cover art, design
Larry Packer – producer, engineering
Release history
References
External links
Inevitable at Discogs (list of releases)
1993 EPs
Thud (band) albums
Fifth Colvmn Records EPs
Campo is a town on the Atlantic Ocean coast of southern Cameroon, where it is the main border town for travel to Equatorial Guinea. The town is just north of the mouth of the Ntem River, that is to say the right bank of that river.
It lies near the Campo Ma'an National Park. Campo has traces of German colonial heritage, most notably in the public building on the beachfront near the city centre. Campo hosts the Campo Subdivision of the Ocean Division and its sub-divisional officer (SDO). The town has road links to Kribi along the coast and to Ma'an and Ebolowa via the road through Campo Ma'an National Park.
Tourism is increasing in Campo, mostly of visitors to the National Park. The town hosts the Headquarters of the National Park where entrance fees need to be paid.
See also
Communes of Cameroon
Populated places in South Region (Cameroon)
The Core Cities Health Improvement Collaborative is a network established to improve public health in England's eight biggest regional cities: Birmingham, Bristol, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle upon Tyne, Nottingham and Sheffield.
Built upon the existing English Core Cities Group of local authorities, which was established in 1995 to boost the regional economic performance of England's eight biggest cities outside London, the Health Improvement Collaborative has been established to apply the same spirit of collaboration to tackle health inequalities in those areas.
Established in 2008 by the chief executives of the ten primary care trusts in those eight cities (Birmingham is represented by three trusts), the aim of the collaborative is to engage all parties involved in tackling health inequalities and improving public health.
Part-funded by the Department of Health, the group will spend its first two years focusing on tackling six major health inequalities:
Alcohol harm
All-age, all-cause early mortality
Obesity
Mental health and well-being
Smoking
Teenage pregnancy
In each case, the primary aim of the Core Cities Health Improvement Collaborative is to promote closer collaboration between the cities and their other stakeholders – such as local authorities, other public sector agencies, voluntary sector organisations and user groups.
Six learning events are being organised to act as a catalyst for further collaborative working on each topic, while a powerful online knowledge management system ensures all stakeholders can quickly and easily identify and share their experience and materials with each other.
To assist with this process, a consortium of private sector partners has been appointed to facilitate the programme. Managed by Finnamore, the consortium also includes partners from Dr Foster Intelligence, VISTA and SOLACE Enterprises.
Useful links
South Birmingham PCT website
Birmingham East and North PCT website
Heart of Birmingham PCT website
NHS Bristol website
NHS Leeds website
Liverpool Primary Care Trust website
NHS Manchester website
NHS Newcastle website
NHS Nottingham City website
NHS Sheffield website
Finnamore website
Dr Foster Intelligence website
Vista website
SOLACE Enterprises website
References
Public health organizations
National Health Service (England)
The Scranton Fire Department (also known as the City of Scranton Bureau of Fire, SFD, Scranton Fire, and Station 50) provides fire protection, rescue services, hazardous materials mitigation, to the City of Scranton, Pennsylvania. The department used volunteer fire companies throughout its history and was established as a career fire department on May 4, 1901. The city maintained a combination of paid and volunteer firefighters from 1901 to 1907 when a full time department was established. The Scranton Fire Department remains a full-time all career department today, with a total of about 139 professional firefighters and fire officers protecting the City of Scranton.
History
The City of Scranton utilized numerous volunteer fire companies from 1866 (The year Scranton incorporated as a city) onward until the local government formally enacted an ordinance authorizing a paid bureau of fire in 1901. On May 4, 1901, the City of Scranton Bureau of Fire was established. This, however, did not remove volunteers from the City's fire responses, as the department continued to utilize volunteers in a paid/volunteer combination system until 1907.
During a Typhoid epidemic in 1906, the Health Bureau was concerned noise from audible fire sirens used to alert volunteers would disturb patients. In response to this, the Bureau of Fire added 25 permanent firefighters to its roster bolstering its paid staff and lessening the need for these audible fire siren systems.
In 1911, the Bureau of Fire purchased its first motorized fire apparatus, a Chief's car. More apparatus would be motorized going forward until horse-drawn firefighting vehicles were phased out completely in 1923.
Ambulance service
The Scranton Fire Department began to maintain an ambulance service starting 1948. They were known as Car 20 (later known as Car 24) and Car 23. Two firefighters would staff the ambulance and respond to medical calls in the City. This would remain until 1988 when the ambulance service was discontinued.
Union representation
After years of going without a union, Scranton Firefighters organized under The International Association of Firefighters (IAFF), Local 60. The Union lapsed its membership in the 1930s, again foregoing a union until 1940, when it rejoined under IAFF Local 669. This would remain until 2000 when the Union successfully won the right to use its original IAFF Local Union number. To this day Scranton Firefighters are represented by IAFF Local 60.
Stations and apparatus
The City of Scranton currently maintains 7 fire stations which house all fire apparatus, firefighters, and offices for the fire department. This amounts to having 5 engine companies, 2 truck companies, a rescue company, and a command/chief car providing protection to the City of Scranton on a daily basis. The department also keeps specialty vehicles in reserve for use on specific incident types. Additionally, the city of Scranton keeps 4 engines and one truck company in reserve in case additional fire protection service is needed or to swap out apparatus while the front line apparatus are maintained and repaired.
Fire station response areas and conditions
Fire Headquarters located at 518 Mulberry St, Scranton PA, 18510
Fire Headquarters houses Engine Company No. 4, Truck Company No. 2, and Assistant Chief Car 21 (The shift commander). This station's first due area is Central City, the Hill Section, Green Ridge and parts of South Side. In the event of a second alarm fire these companies will respond everywhere in the city. In addition to the three units housed here, this station houses the Fire Prevention and Investigation offices, the office of the Deputy Chief and the office of the Superintendent of Fire. Fire Headquarters was built in 1905 and is a protected historical landmark.
Rescue Company No. 1 located at 940 Wyoming Ave, Scranton, PA 18509
This station houses Rescue Company No. 1 and Car 30-A, the department's structural collapse truck. Rescue Company No. 1 is dispatched on all alarms in the city. In addition to fire suppression, Rescue Co. 1 responds to all motor vehicle accidents, industrial accidents, rescue calls, and all other tasks demanded of a modern Rescue Company. This station also maintains and repairs the department's self contained breathing apparatus (SCBA). Car 30-A is only dispatched and manned when needed.
Engine Company No. 2 located at 500 Gibbons St, Scranton, PA 18505
This station houses Engine Company No. 2 and Engine Company No. 1 (Reserve). Engine Co. 2's First due area covers Southside and Minooka. This company will respond to East Mountain, West Side, Central City, and the Hill Section in the event of a second alarm fire. Engine Co. 2 is designated as one of Lackawanna County's Decontamination units. This station is also where the department's hose is repaired. Engine Company No. 1 is only manned when additional staffing is needed or when acting as a replacement for another company.
Truck Company No. 4 located at 1047 N Main Ave, Scranton, PA 18508
This station houses Truck Company No. 4, and Engine Company No. 9 (Reserve). This station's first due covers West Side, North Scranton, Tripp Park, the Plot Section, parts of Central City, and Keyser Valley as its first due area. This company is on all second alarm fires. Engine Company No. 9 is only manned when additional staffing is needed or when acting as a replacement for another company.
Engine Company No. 7 located at 1917 Luzerne St, Scranton, PA 18504
This station houses Engine Company No. 7, Truck Company No. 1 (Reserve), and Attack No. 1 (Brush). This station's first due is West Side, Bellevue, West Mountain and Keyser Valley. When called on a second alarm it will go to North Scranton and parts of Central City. When requested Engine Co. 7 will also assist the Taylor Volunteer Fire Department and the Newton/Ransom Volunteer Fire Department. This station also repairs the department's fire helmets. Truck Company No. 1 is only manned when additional staffing is needed or when acting as a replacement for another company. Attack No. 1 is only dispatched and manned when requested for brush fires or other specialty incidents.
Engine Company No. 8 located at 205 W Market St, Scranton, PA 18508
This station houses Engine Company No. 8 and Car 30, the mobile air re-supply unit. This station's first due area is North Scranton, the Plot, and parts of Green Ridge. In the event of a second alarm fire Engine Co. 8 will go to West Side, Central City, parts of the Hill Section and Keyser Valley. This station also stores the mobile smoke house, used for presentations primarily for children to teach how to escape form a home fire. Car 30 is only dispatched manned when requested for specialty incidents or large structure fires.
Engine Company No. 10 located at 1900 E Mountain Rd, Scranton, PA 18505
This station houses Engine Company No. 10. this station responds to all of East Mountain, and parts of upper South Side for first alarm assignments. On a second alarm it will respond to south side, Minooka, the Hill Section and parts of Central City.
References
Scranton, Pennsylvania
Fire departments in Pennsylvania
The Tao Xingzhi Memorial () is a memorial built in memory of the Chinese scholar Tao Xingzhi, located in Qixia District, Nanjing, Jiangsu province, China.
Overview
The memorial is a tomb and museum dedicated to the life of Tao Xingzhi.
The memorial is in area. The roof of the building, shaped like a thatched cottage, is made from cement. Within the building is a bronze statue of Tao and two exhibition rooms, with 120 pictures, manuscripts, and more than 200 artifacts.
The memorial is managed by the Nanjing Xiaozhuang University, which was established by Tao in 1926 and was initially known as the Xiaozhuang School, or Rural Teacher School.
Gallery
References
External links
Museums in Nanjing
Biographical museums in China
Tourist attractions in Nanjing
Monuments and memorials in China
Pine Grove or pinegrove may refer to:
Canada
British Columbia
Pinegrove, British Columbia
Nova Scotia
Pine Grove, Colchester County
Pine Grove, Lunenburg County
Ontario
Pine Grove, a community in Lanark Highlands, Ontario
Pine Grove, a community in Norfolk County, Ontario
Pine Grove, a community in North Glengarry, Ontario
Pine Grove, Regional Municipality of York, Ontario, in southwestern Woodbridge, Ontario
Pine Grove Public School, Oakville, Ontario
Pinegrove, a community in McNab/Braeside
India
Pinegrove School, in Delhi, India
United States
Alabama
Pine Grove, Alabama, in Baldwin County
California
Pine Grove, Amador County, California
Pine Grove, Lake County, California
Pine Grove, Mendocino County, California
Pine Grove, Sierra County, California, a ghost town
Illinois
Pine Grove, Grundy County, Illinois
Massachusetts
Pine Grove Cemetery (Leominster, Massachusetts)
Pine Grove Cemetery (Lynn, Massachusetts)
Michigan
Pine Grove Township, Michigan
Pine Grove Historical Museum, former estate of Governor Moses Wisner, Pontiac, Michigan
New York
Pine Grove, New York, a community in Watson, New York
Nevada
Pine Grove, Nevada, a ghost town near Yerington, Nevada
Oregon
Pine Grove, Hood River County, Oregon
Pine Grove, Klamath County, Oregon
Pine Grove, Wasco County, Oregon
Pennsylvania
Pine Grove Iron Works in Cumberland County
Pine Grove Furnace State Park
Pine Grove, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Pine Grove Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Pine Grove Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
Pinegrove Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
Texas
Pine Grove, Texas
Virginia
Pine Grove, Virginia
West Virginia
Pine Grove, Fayette County, West Virginia
Pine Grove, Marion County, West Virginia
Pine Grove, Pleasants County, West Virginia
Pine Grove, Wetzel County, West Virginia
Wisconsin
Pine Grove, Brown County, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community
Pine Grove, Chippewa County, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community
Pine Grove, Portage County, Wisconsin, a town
Other
Pinegrove (band), an American indie rock band
See also
The white-collared yuhina (Parayuhina diademata) is a bird species in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.
It is found in China, Myanmar, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-collared yuhina
Birds of China
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Yunnan
white-collared yuhina
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Shangguan Jie (; died 80 BC) was a Western Han dynasty official in China and consort kin who served under Emperors Wu and Zhao. His granddaughter later became the empress consort to Emperor Zhao.
Biography
Shangguan Jie first rose in prominence when he accompanied Li Guangli during the Han invasion of Osh. Due to his bravery, he received several promotions.
In 87 B.C., as Emperor Wu was nearing death, Shangguan was made one of 4 officials assisting Wu's successor, the young Liu Fuling (who would ascend the throne as Emperor Zhao; the other 3 are Huo Guang, Jin Midi, and Sang Hongyang). Shangguan Jie's son Shangguan An married a daughter of Huo Guang; Shangguan An's daughter would later become Emperor Zhao's empress. However, the cordial relationship between Shangguan Jie and Huo Guang would not last, presumably due to Shangguan's jealousy of Huo's power being greater than his own. In 80 B.C., the Shangguan clan, along with Sang Hongyang, was implicated in an attempted rebellion, and exterminated.
Due to his crime of treason, his biography was not included in the Book of Han; details on him were instead found in the biographies of his granddaughter and Li Guangli.
References
Book of Han, volume 61, volume 97, Part 1
80 BC deaths
Executed Han dynasty people
People executed by the Han dynasty
1st-century BC executions
Han dynasty politicians
Obojeni program (Colored Program) is the debut compilation album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Music YUser in 1993, and consists of the material from the first two studio albums, Najvažnije je biti zdrav and Ovaj zid stoji krivo released in 1990 and 1991. The compilation was reissued in 1996 by Tarcus records and remastered and reissued in 2011 by Odličan Hrčak.
Track listing
All lyrics and music by Obojeni Program.
Notes
Tracks 1-11 taken from Najvažnije je biti zdrav
Tracks 12-21 taken from Ovaj zid stoji krivo
Track 22 is a version of track 17 without the guitars and bass
References
Obojeni program at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Obojeni Program albums
1993 compilation albums
Phaecasiophora cornigera is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam China, Burma, Taiwan and India.
The forewings are pale ochreous. The hindwings are dark grey with a bronze tinge.
Subspecies
Phaecasiophora cornigera cornigera (India)
Phaecasiophora cornigera birmensis Diakonoff, 1959 (Burma, Vietnam)
References
Moths described in 1959
Olethreutini
During the 1999–2000 English football season, Chesterfield F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division where they finished in 24th position and were relegated to Division Three.
Final league table
Results
Chesterfield's score comes first
Legend
Football League Division Two
League Cup
FA Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad
Appearances for competitive matches only
References
Chesterfield 1999–2000 at soccerbase.com (use drop down list to select relevant season)
See also
1999–2000 in English football
Chesterfield F.C. seasons
Chesterfield
William David Barnes (September 3, 1860 – May 1, 1930, Decatur, Illinois) was an American entomologist and surgeon. He was the son of Dr. William A. and Eleanor Sawyer Barnes. He graduated salutatorian from the Decatur High School in 1877. Then spent a year at Illinois State University followed by a year at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. In 1879, he entered Harvard Medical School and graduated in 1886. While at Harvard, he met naturalist Louis Agassiz and his love of Lepidoptera grew. Agassiz taught him how to preserve and classify the butterflies. He completed an internship at Boston City Hospital and then studied abroad in Heidelberg, Munich, and Vienna. In 1890, Dr. Barnes came home to Decatur and opened his medical practice. That same year he married Charlotte L. Gillette. The couple had two children: William Barnes Jr., and Joan Dean Gillett Barnes.
He was one of the founders of Decatur Memorial Hospital. Barnes served as its president until his death. During that time he donated his time, talent and around $200,000.
From 1910 to 1919 James Halliday McDunnough produced, with Barnes credited as co-author, an impressive volume of research on the taxonomy of North American Lepidoptera, including the first four volumes of the privately published Contributions to the Natural History of the Lepidoptera of North America, the 1917 Check List of the Lepidoptera of Boreal America, Illustrations of the North American Species of the Genus Catocala, and numerous journal articles, 67 papers in all.
In 1913, Barnes became a Fellow of the Entomological Society of America.
Although Barnes was interested and involved in the work of his curators, he apparently did little or no actual research but was given co-author credit as a courtesy that was due to one whose generosity in both money and access to his collections made the research of his curators possible.
At his death in 1930, his collection of butterflies was regarded as the largest and finest in the world with possibly 10,000 species and an estimated 473,000 specimens, even receiving praise in the 1936 National Geographic magazine. As a result of Barnes' collection, hundreds of species new to science were discovered and described. A few months after his death, the U.S. government bought Dr. Barnes' collection for $50,000; the collection was to be housed in the Smithsonian Institution. It is the largest collection by number of specimens in the history of the Smithsonian.
References
1860 births
1930 deaths
American lepidopterists
People from Decatur, Illinois
Illinois State University alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Physicians from Illinois
Taxon authorities
Fellows of the Entomological Society of America
Taxa named by William Barnes (entomologist)
American surgeons
The olive manakin (Xenopipo uniformis) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae.
It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
olive manakin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Venezuela
olive manakin
olive manakin
olive manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Amperea is a plant species of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1824. The entire genus is endemic to Australia.
Species
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Acalyphoideae
Endemic flora of Australia
James W. Owens (October 24, 1837 – March 30, 1900) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life and career
Born in Franklin County, Indiana, Owens pursued academic studies.
He was graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1862.
During the Civil War enlisted in the Union Army as a private in the 20th Ohio Infantry, for three months' service.
Reenlisted and was made first lieutenant of Company A, 86th Ohio Infantry, and on the reorganization of that regiment was made captain of Company K.
He attended the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1864 and 1865.
He was admitted to the bar in 1865 and commenced practice in Newark, Ohio.
He married Martha Kumler of Oxford, Ohio in 1867.
Owens was elected prosecuting attorney of Licking County in 1867 and reelected in 1869.
He owned the Evans–Holton–Owens House in Newark from 1868 to 1870.
Owens was elected to the State Senate in 1875.
He was reelected in 1877 and served as president of that body.
He served as member of the board of trustees of Miami University 1878–1896.
Congress
Owens was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Congresses (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1893).
He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the Interior (Fifty-second Congress).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1892.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of his profession.
He died in Newark, Ohio, on March 30, 1900.
He was interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1837 births
1900 deaths
County district attorneys in Ohio
Miami University alumni
Miami University trustees
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Presidents of the Ohio State Senate
Union Army officers
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
People from Franklin County, Indiana
19th-century American politicians
Alexander Moore Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located near Catawba, Catawba County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 5 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site. The main house was built in 1843, and is a two-story, frame, vernacular late Federal style farmhouse. Also on the property are the contributing log wagon shed, smokehouse, frame barn, and log barn.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1843
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1843 establishments in North Carolina
The 1835 Paterson textile strike took place in Paterson, New Jersey, involved more than 2,000 workers from 20 textile mills across the city. The strikers, many of whom were children and of Irish descent, were seeking a reduction in daily working hours from thirteen and a half hours to eleven hours. Support from other workers in Paterson and nearby cities allowed the strikers to sustain their efforts for two weeks. Employers refused to negotiate with the workers, and were able to break the strike by unilaterally declaring a reduction in work hours to twelve hours daily during the week and nine hours on Saturdays. Many leaders of the strike and their family were blacklisted by employers in Paterson after it ended.
Background
As the Industrial Revolution got under way, the 1830s were a time of significant labor unrest in the United States. Workers throughout the country had over the previous decade sought to secure shorter working days and higher wages, but many of these efforts and strikes failed. The famous but unsuccessful 1834 Lowell Mill strikes in Lowell, Massachusetts, had garnered widespread public attention and were followed closely by workers in other mill towns. In 1835, construction workers in Boston struck seeking shorter hours. This strike failed as well, despite support from unionists in a number of other cities including Philadelphia, Paterson, and Newark. Inspired by Boston, workers in a number of trades in Philadelphia began a campaign to secure a ten-hour day, and after receiving support from professionals in the city, were almost universally successful.
Strike
Workers in Paterson hoped to achieve similar success to those in Philadelphia. Just before Independence Day, they began a strike demanding shorter hours. They also demanded an end to the use of fines to enforce discipline in the mills, wage withholding, and the company store system in the town. In support of the strikers, an organization called the Paterson Association for the Protection of the Working Class was established. They also received monetary support from workers in Newark and New York City. The strikers were mainly children, mainly female, and many of them were of Irish descent. Due to this last fact, debate around the strike quickly became infused with nativist and anti-immigrant rhetoric, especially from the Lowell Intelligencer, a pro-management newspaper.
Management refused to meet with the strikers, and as a result workers at other mills began to walk out and join in. At its peak, 2000 workers from 20 mills were participating in the strike. In response, employers reduced hours, not to eleven as the strikers wanted, but to twelve on weekdays and nine on Saturday. This reduction broke the strike, and most of the workers returned to the mills. A few strikers continued to hold out for an eleven-hour day, but unsuccessfully. Strike leaders and their families were permanently barred from employment in Paterson, having been blacklisted by the mill owners. Although the strike was broken, it achieved a significant reduction in work hours. According to historians David Roediger and Philip Foner, "...the strike, which added a dozen hours to each worker's weekly leisure, must have been counted a success by the children initiating it."
See also
1835 Philadelphia general strike
1835 Washington Navy Yard labor strike
1913 Paterson Silk Strike
References
Paterson Textile Strike, 1835
1835 labor disputes and strikes
Textile and clothing labor disputes in the United States
History of youth
Child labor in the United States
History of Paterson, New Jersey
Paterson textile
Labor disputes in New Jersey
July 1835 events
History of the textile industry in the United States
The International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods (ICPRAM) is held annually since 2012. From the beginning it is held in conjunction with two other conferences: ICAART - International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence and ICORES - International Conference on Operations Research and Enterprise Systems.
ICPRAM is composed by two main topics areas: theory and methods and applications. Each one of these areas is constituted by several sub-topics like Evolutionary Computation, Density Estimation, Spectral method, Combinatorial Optimization, Reinforcement learning, Meta learning, Convex optimization in the case of Theory and methods and Natural language processing, robotics, Signal processing, Information retrieval, perception in the applications area.
The conference papers are made available at the SCITEPRESS digital library and are published in the conference proceedings. It's also made a selection of the best papers presented in the conference for publication in a Springer volume.
Besides the presentation of papers from the authors, the conference is composed by tutorials. For example, the conference had a tutorial on Secure our society - Computer Vision Techniques for Video Surveillance given by Huiyu Zhou from the Queen's University Belfast, UK.
Since the first edition, ICPRAM has counted on several keynote speakers like Tomaso Poggio, Josef Kittler, Hanan Samet, Nello Cristianini, John Shawe-Taylor and Antonio Torralba.
Editions
ICPRAM 2020 - Valletta, Malta
ICPRAM 2019 - Prague, Czech Republic
ICPRAM 2018 - Funchal, Madeira, Portugal
ICPRAM 2017 - Porto, Portugal
ICPRAM 2016 - Rome, Italy
ICPRAM 2015 - Lisbon, Portugal
ICPRAM 2014 - ESEO, Angers, Loire Valley, France
ICPRAM 2013 - Barcelona, Spain
ICPRAM 2012 - Vilamoura, Algarve, Portugal
Best Paper Awards
2019
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Yehezkel S. Resheff, Itay Lieder and Tom Hope. "All Together Now! The Benefits of Adaptively Fusing Pre-trained Deep Representations"
Area: Applications
Best Student Paper Award: Manex Serras, María Inés Torres and Arantza del Pozo. "Goal-conditioned User Modeling for Dialogue Systems using Stochastic Bi-Automata"
2018
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Huanqian Yan, Yonggang Lu and Heng Ma. "Density-based Clustering using Automatic Density Peak Detection"
Area: Applications
Best Student Paper Award: Marcin Kopaczka, Marco Saggiomo, Moritz Guttler, Thomas Gries and Doreit Merhof. "Fully Automatic Faulty Weft Thread Detection using a Camera System and Feature-based Pattern Recognition"
2017
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Seiya Satoh and Ryohei Nakano. "How New Information Criteria WAIC and WBIC Worked for MLP Model Selection"
Best Student Award: Xiaoyi Chen and Régis Lengellé. "Domain Adaptation Transfer Learning by SVM Subject to a Maximum-Mean-Discrepancy-like Constraint"
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award:Sarah Ahmed and Tayyaba Azim. "Compression Techniques for Deep Fisher Vectors"
Best Student Award:Niels Ole Salscheider, Eike Rehder and Martin Lauer. "Analysis of Regionlets for Pedestrian Detection"
2016
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Anne C. van Rossum, Hai Xiang Lin, Johan Dubbeldam and H. Jaap van den Herik. "Nonparametric Bayesian Line Detection - Towards Proper Priors for Robotic Computer Vision "
Best Student Award: Roghayeh Soleymani, Eric Granger and Giorgio Fumera. "Classifier Ensembles with Trajectory Under-Sampling for Face Re-Identification "
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Jeonghwan Park, Kang Li and Huiyu Zhou. "k-fold Subsampling based Sequential Backward Feature Elimination "
Best Student Award: Julia Richter, Christian Wiede, Enes Dayangac, Markus Heß and Gangolf Hirtz. "Activity Recognition based on High-Level Reasoning - An Experimental Study Evaluating Proximity to Objects and Pose Information "
2015
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Mohamed-Rafik Bouguelia, Yolande Belaïd and Abdel Belaïd. "Stream-based Active Learning in the Presence of Label Noise"
Best Student Paper: João Costa and Jaime S. Cardoso. "oAdaBoost"
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Wei Quan, Bogdan Matuszewski and Lik-Kwan Shark. "3-D Shape Matching for Face Analysis and Recognition"
Best Student Paper: Julia Richter, Christian Wiede and Gangolf Hirtz. "Mobility Assessment of Demented People Using Pose Estimation and Movement Detection"
2014
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Jameson Reed, Mohammad Naeem and Pascal Matsakis. "A First Algorithm to Calculate Force Histograms in the Case of 3D Vector Objects"
Best Student Paper: Johannes Herwig, Timm Linder and Josef Pauli. "Removing Motion Blur using Natural Image Statistics"
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Sebastian Kurtek, Chafik Samir and Lemlih Ouchchane. "Statistical Shape Model for Simulation of Realistic Endometrial Tissue"
Best Student Paper: Florian Baumann, Jie Lao, Arne Ehlers and Bodo Rosenhahn. "Motion Binary Patterns for Action Recognition"
2013
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Barbara Hammer, Andrej Gisbrecht and Alexander Schulz. "Applications of Discriminative Dimensionality Reduction"
Best Student Paper: Cristina Garcia-Cardona, Arjuna Flenner and Allon G. Percus. "Multiclass Diffuse Interface Models for Semi-supervised Learning on Graphs"
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Yoshito Otake, Carneal Catherine, Blake Lucas, Gaurav Thawait, John Carrino, Brian Corner, Marina Carboni, Barry DeCristofano, Michale Maffeo, Andrew Merkle and Mehran Armand. "Prediction of Organ Geometry from Demographic and Anthropometric Data based on Supervised Learning Approach using Statistical Shape Atlas"
Best Student Paper: James Lotspeich and Mathias Kolsch. "Tracking Subpixel Targets with Critically Sampled Optics"
2012
Area: Theory and Methods
Best Paper Award: Martin Emms and Hector-Hugo Franco-Penya. "ON ORDER EQUIVALENCES BETWEEN DISTANCE AND SIMILARITY MEASURES ON SEQUENCES AND TREES"
Best Student Paper: Anna C. Carli, Mario A. T. Figueiredo, Manuele Bicego and Vittorio Murino. "GENERATIVE EMBEDDINGS BASED ON RICIAN MIXTURES"
Area: Applications
Best Paper Award: Laura Antanas, Martijn van Otterlo, José Oramas, Tinne Tuytelaars and Luc De Raedt. "A RELATIONAL DISTANCE-BASED FRAMEWORK FOR HIERARCHICAL IMAGE UNDERSTANDING"
Best Student Paper: Laura Brandolini and Marco Piastra. "COMPUTING THE REEB GRAPH FOR TRIANGLE MESHES WITH ACTIVE CONTOURS"
References
External links
Science and Technology Events
Conference website
Science and Technology Publications
Event management system
WikiCfp call for papers
Information systems conferences
Computer science conferences
Academic conferences
The Kabardino-Balkaria constituency (No.14) is a Russian legislative constituency covering the entirety of Kabardino-Balkaria.
Members elected
Election results
1993
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Khachim Karmokov
|align=left|Independent
|
|43.92%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Pyotr Ivanov
|align=left|Independent
| -
|28.13%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1995
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Sokhov
|align=left|Our Home – Russia
|
|53.38%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Magomet Magometkhanov
|align=left|Independent
|
|13.77%
|-
|style="background-color:#2C299A"|
|align=left|Aleksandr Dirin
|align=left|Congress of Russian Communities
|
|8.55%
|-
|style="background-color:#019CDC"|
|align=left|Timur Ulbashev
|align=left|Party of Russian Unity and Accord
|
|6.08%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Yury Bednev
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|6.02%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Aslanbi Buranov
|align=left|Independent
|
|2.84%
|-
|style="background-color:#0D0900"|
|align=left|Azratali Zhemukhov
|align=left|People's Union
|
|2.67%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|4.73%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
1999
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Sokhov (incumbent)
|align=left|Independent
|
|67.39%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Ruslan Teuvazhukov
|align=left|Independent
|
|20.89%
|-
|style="background-color:#084284"|
|align=left|Asker Karaev
|align=left|Spiritual Heritage
|
|2.29%
|-
|style="background-color:#FF4400"|
|align=left|Supyan Bek Sheripov
|align=left|Andrey Nikolayev and Svyatoslav Fyodorov Bloc
|
|1.41%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|5.18%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2003
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Zaurbi Nakhushev
|align=left|United Russia
|
|70.31%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Adalbi Shkhagoshev
|align=left|Independent
|
|18.26%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Andrey Makarov
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|2.71%
|-
|style="background-color:#C21022"|
|align=left|Aliy Atabiev
|align=left|Russian Pensioners' Party-Party of Social Justice
|
|2.61%
|-
|style="background-color:#00A1FF"|
|align=left|Aslan Gaev
|align=left|Party of Russia's Rebirth-Russian Party of Life
|
|1.07%
|-
|style="background-color:#164C8C"|
|align=left|Khakim Kuchmezov
|align=left|United Russian Party Rus'
|
|0.51%
|-
|style="background-color:#000000"|
|colspan=2 |against all
|
|3.26%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2016
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:leftt;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Adalbi Shkhagoshev
|align=left|United Russia
|
|50.13%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Boris Pashtov
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|18.80%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Ruslan Tokov
|align=left|A Just Russia
|
|15.86%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Safarbiy Shkhagapsoev
|align=left|The Greens
|
|14.78%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Khasan Zhilov
|align=left|Rodina
|
|0.14%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Kamal Shavaev
|align=left|Communists of Russia
|
|0.11%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Musa Tsumaev
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|0.10%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Ayshat Sultanova
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|0.07%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
2021
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Adalbi Shkhagoshev (incumbent)
|align=left|United Russia
|
|69.75%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Boris Pashtov
|align=left|Communist Party
|
|13.81%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|align=left|Alisoltan Nastaev
|align=left|A Just Russia — For Truth
|
|11.18%
|-
|style="background-color:"|
|align=left|Vladimir Bezgodko
|align=left|Liberal Democratic Party
|
|3.62%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Oleg Kuzminov
|align=left|Rodina
|
|1.17%
|-
|style="background:"|
|align=left|Irina Atamanova
|align=left|Yabloko
|
|0.34%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Notes
References
Russian legislative constituencies
Politics of Kabardino-Balkaria
Perlita Neilson (born Margaret Phillipa Sowden; 11 June 1933 – 7 April 2014) was an English film, stage and television actress. She was educated at the Aida Foster Theatre School. One of her most notable roles was in 1957 as Anne Frank in the London production of The Diary of Anne Frank.
Personal life
She was born Margaret Phillipa Sowden in Bradford, but spent her early life in Argentina, where her father, Wilson Sowden, worked as an engineer. After her birth, her mother Isabella (née Gibson) returned to Buenos Aires, where Margaret attended stage school. She began her career at age nine with a variety group of the British Community Players. She married Bruce Sharman in 1956 in Surrey, UK. She married Henry Neilson in 1961 in Surrey, UK. She died at age 80 in Brighton.
Filmography
References
External links
Perlita Neilson for the British Theatre Archive
1933 births
2014 deaths
English child actresses
English film actresses
English television actresses
English stage actresses
Actresses from Bradford
Alumni of the Aida Foster Theatre School
Speak or SPEAK may refer to:
Speech, the vocal form of human communication
People
Speak (Hungarian rapper) (born 1976), known for his song and music video "Stop the War"
Speak! (born 1987), American rapper and songwriter
Geoffrey Lowrey Speak (1924–2000), British teacher in Hong Kong
George Speak, English footballer
Literature and film
Speak (Anderson novel), a 1999 novel by Laurie Halse Anderson
Speak (film), the film based on Anderson's book
Speak (Hall novel), a novel by Louisa Hall
Music
Speak (band), a synthpop band from Austin, Texas
"Speak" (Bachelor Girl song), a 2018 single by Australian pop band Bachelor Girl
"Speak" (Godsmack song), a 2006 song by the band Godsmack
Speak (Jimmy Needham album), 2006
Speak (Lindsay Lohan album), the debut album by the actress Lindsay Lohan
Speak (Londonbeat album), the debut album by the British-American dance band Londonbeat, 1988
"Speak" (Nickel Creek song), a single by progressive bluegrass band Nickel Creek
Speak (I and Thou album), 2012
Speak (No-Man album), a compilation album by No-Man
Speak (The Roches album), 1989
Speak (Warren Dean Flandez album), 2018
Speak!!!, the 3rd album from The Mad Capsule Markets
"Speak", a song by Sevendust from Sevendust
Organizations
SPEAK campaign, an animal rights campaign in Oxford
SPEAK network, a Christian student campaigning network
Other
SPEAK (test), the Speaking Proficiency English Assessment Kit from the Educational Testing Service
Speak (The Tick), the pet of comic superhero The Tick
Speak (Unix), a Unix utility
Speak (imprint), young adult division of the publishing company the Penguin Group
Wii Speak, a microphone accessory for Nintendo's Wii video game console
See also
Speech (disambiguation)
Spic (disambiguation)
Grodno State Medical University (educational establishment “Grodno State Medical University” – GrSMU; — ГрДМУ) is a university in Grodno, Belarus. It specialises in medicine and medical psychology. It is the oldest medical school in Belarus and is considered, according to some international sources, the best medical university in Belarus.
History
GrSMU is as a successor of the first medical school in Belarus, the Grodno Medical Academy, established in 1775 by Antoni Tyzenhaus, former mayor of Grodno, for improving almost nonexistent healthcare system in the city. Jean-Emmanuel Gilibert, French botanist, Freemason and medical doctor, became its first rector. Under his rule were trained first doctors (former illiterate peasants) built botanical garden and a chemist's shop. The academy in 1781 was reorganized into the Medicine Faculty of Vilna University. The medical school was renovated only during Soviet-era time in 1958. Firstly, it was a small university. Officially got its university status only in 2000.
Structure
Nowadays, the university has 6 faculties:
Faculty of General Medicine
Faculty of Pediatrics
Faculty of Medical Psychology
Faculty of Diagnostic Studies
Faculty of Advanced Training and Retraining
Faculty of International Students
There are 45 departments of university spread across the city. Main building, completed in 1974, located at Gorkogo st. 80.
Modern status
University does conduct research. It takes part in EU's Trans-European Mobility Programme for University Studies. Also, GrSMU publishes its own medical journal.
Grodno State Medical University was recognised as one of the best of its kind in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), according Expert RA. And the best medical university in Belarus.
Notable people
Metropolitan Philaret (1935–2021)
References
Medical schools in Belarus
1958 establishments in Europe
Ettore Beggiato (born 4 August 1954) is an Italian historian and politician.
As member of several Venetist political parties (Liga Veneta 1980–1987, Union of the Venetian People 1987–1995, Liga Veneta–Lega Nord 1995–1998, Liga Veneta Repubblica/Veneti d'Europa/Liga Fronte Veneto 1998–2004), he was member of the Regional Council of Veneto from 1985 to 2000. He was secretary of Liga Fronte Veneto from 2002 to 2004, when he joined the North-East Project, party of which he is currently member.
Beggiato is the author of many books about the history and the culture of Veneto such as 1866: The great swindle, about the referendum with which Veneto was united with Italy. He allegedly demonstrated it was not regular and not fairly democratic at all. For these reasons, Beggiato claims that Veneto is an independent nation and that it is necessary to re-celebrate it.
Notes
References
Ettore Beggiato, La lotta dei Veneti contro lo stato italiano
Ettore Beggiato, 1866:la grande truffa - Il plebiscito di annessione del Veneto all'Italia, Editoria Universitaria Venezia (2007)
Ettore Beggiato, 1809: l'insorgenza veneta. La lotta contro Napoleone nella Terra di San Marco, Il Cerchio (2009)
Ettore Beggiato, L'unità divisa 1861 - 2011: parla l'Italia reale, Il Cerchio (2010)
Ettore Beggiato, Il Senno di poi - L'unità d'Italia vista 150 anni dopo, Il Cerchio (2011)
Ettore Beggiato, Lissa, l'ultima vittoria della Serenissima (20 luglio 1866), Il Cerchio (2012)
External links
Homepage of Ettore Beggiato
Ettore Beggiato - Venetist Patriot
Veneto e venetismo oggi - rivista Etnie
Venetist politicians
Living people
1954 births
Members of the Regional Council of Veneto
20th-century Italian politicians
20th-century Italian male writers
21st-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian historians
21st-century Italian male writers
20th-century Italian historians
Italian male non-fiction writers
Elections to East Dunbartonshire Council were held on 3 May 2012, the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland. The election used the eight wards created under the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, with 24 Councillors being elected. Each ward elected 3 members, using the STV electoral system.
The election saw Labour gain 2 seats to draw level with the Scottish National Party. However, Labour remained the largest party in terms of vote share. The Scottish National Party retained all their existing 8 seats and did not run any additional candidates though did significantly raise their vote share. The Scottish Liberal Democrats retained their 3 seats on the Council. The Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party lost 3 seats, just 2 in number, the equivalent numbers of the East Dunbartonshire Independent Alliance. Former Lib Dem Cllr Duncan Cumming was elected as an Independent.
Election result
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes. The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
Ward results
Milngavie
2007: 1xSNP; 1xCon; 1xLib Dem
2012: 1xLib Dem; 1xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Con
Bearsden North
2007: 1xCon; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 1xIndependent; 1xLib Dem; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Independent gain one seat from Con
= Sitting Councillor from a different Ward.
Bearsden South
2007: 1xCon; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 1xLib Dem; 1xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012: Lab gain one seat from Con
Campsie & Kirkintilloch North
2007: 1xEDIA; 1xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 1xEDIA; 1xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Bishopbriggs North and Torrance
2007: 1xCon; 1xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 1xLab; 1xSNP; 1xCon
2007-2012 Change: No change
Bishopbriggs South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Lenzie & Kirkintilloch South
2007: 1xLab; 1xCon; 1xSNP
2012: 1xLab; 1xSNP; 1xCon
2007-2012 Change: No change
Kirkintilloch East & Twechar
2007: 1xLab; 1xEDIA; 1xSNP
2012: 1xLab; 1xEDIA; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Aftermath
Following the election, the Labour Party led a three-party coalition administration with the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives, replacing the previous Labour/Conservative coalition that had run the council from 2007 to 2012. The leader of the council remained Labour councillor Rhondda Geekie, and Labour councillor Una Walker became provost. To depute leader and depute provost were the Lib Dem councillor Ashay Ghai and the Conservative councillor Anne Jarvis.
Following a disagreement between the Liberal Democrats and their administration colleagues, the ruling three-party coalition reverted to a minority two-party Labour/Conservative coalition in January 2016, and the Conservatives' Billy Hendry resumed the role of depute council leader.
Post Election Changes
† Campsie and Kirkintilloch North EDIA Cllr Charles Kennedy died on 13 July 2012. The by-election was held on 14 September 2012 and was won by Labour's Gemma Welsh.
By Elections since 2012
References
2012
2012 Scottish local elections
21st century in East Dunbartonshire
Kesavananda Bharati (9 December 19406 September 2020) was an Indian Hindu monk who served as the Shankaracharya (head) of Edneer Mutt, a Hindu monastery in Kasaragod district, Kerala, India from 1961 until his death. He was the petitioner in Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala, a landmark case that helped establish the basic structure doctrine of the Indian Constitution which guarantees that the fundamental or 'basic structure' of the Indian Constitution can not be altered by parliamentary amendment. He was a follower of Smartha Bhagawatha tradition and the Advaita Vedanta school of Hindu philosophy.
Early life and career
Kesavananda Bharati was born to Manchthaya Sreedhara Bhatt and Padmavathi Amma in 1940. He was appointed the head of Sri Edneer Mutt, in Kasaragod district, Kerala, in 1961, and belonged to the Parampara of Thotakacharya, one of the first four disciples of Adi Shankara. He was a follower of the Smartha Bhagawatha tradition of Advaitha Pantha. He took Sanyasa at the age of 19 and headed the Edneer Mutt as the Peetadhipathi until his death in 2020. As the head of the Mutt, he was referred by the honorific title, Srimad Jagadguru Sri Sri Sankaracharya Thotakacharya Keshavananda Bharathi Sripadangalavaru.
Kesavananda Bharati was a Carnatic and Hindusthani vocalist, and master of Yakshagana, an Indian art and theater form. He was a patron of education, Kannada culture and arts, including Yakshagana, music and dramas. He supported the use of the Kannada language in the border district of Kasaragod. Under his guidance, the mutt had instituted a Kannada-medium school, an English-medium school, junior college, and a Sanskrit Veda Patashala (English: Vedic School).
Role in Indian constitutional law
Kesavananda Bharati was the petitioner in Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala (case citation: AIR 1973 SC 1461). Kesavananda was a landmark decision of the Supreme Court of India that established the basic structure doctrine of the constitution. The doctrine provides safeguards for the basic structure of the Indian Constitution from parliamentary amendments.
In 1970, Kesavananda Bharati filed a case challenging the Kerala Government's attempts to acquire the Mutt's property, through the Kerala Land Reforms Act of 1963 as amended in 1969. He argued, along with his lawyer Nani Palkhivala, that this action violated his fundamental rights, particularly his fundamental right to religion (Article 25), freedom of religious denomination (Article 26), and right to property (Article 31).
On 23 March 1973, in a 7–6 ruling, the Supreme Court held that Parliament could not alter the "basic structure" of the Constitution of India. This decision formed the basis for the basic structure doctrine that has since guaranteed the fundamental structure of the Indian Constitution. Proponents of the doctrine consider the doctrine to be a major "safety valve" that guards against majoritarianism; while opponents consider it an undemocratic means for the judiciary to check the powers of the legislature.
In April 2013, The Hindu, on Kesvanandas 40th anniversary, noted that the case saved Indian democracy and thanked Shri Kesavananda Bharati and jurist Nanabhoy Palkhivala for the same.
The case was heard by the largest Constitution bench and holds the record for the longest hearing with all 13 judges hearing the case for 69 days.
Opinion
He was the only Shankaracharya to have publicly issued a statement saying that it was a mistake for the government to open the vaults of the Padmanabhaswamy Temple. He stated that all the assets found in the temple's vault were indeed the assets of the temple and the responsibility of managing assets should be handed over to the temple's trust.
Kesavananda Bharti was awarded the Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer Award, in 2018 by the Governor of Kerala.
Death
Kesavananda Bharati died in Kasaragod, Kerala on 6 September 2020 at the age of 79.He died due to Cardiac arrest.
References
External links
1940 births
2020 deaths
Advaitin philosophers
Shankaracharyas
20th-century Hindu philosophers and theologians
21st-century Hindu philosophers and theologians
People from Kasaragod district
Hindu activists
Activists from Kerala
Indian civil rights activists
Indian Hindu monks
Kasaragod district
History of Kasaragod district
Hypercompe permaculata, the many-spotted tiger moth, is a tiger moth of the family Erebidae. It was first described by Alpheus Spring Packard in 1872. It is native to the western United States and parts of northern Mexico.
References
Hypercompe
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Alpheus Spring Packard
Moths described in 1872
Ward No. 13, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 3, covering parts of Ultadanga (Daspara-Muchi Bazar-Telenga Bagan-Surir Bagan) neighbourhood in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 13 is bordered on the north by the New Canal; on the east by the Eastern Railway line and Harish Neogy Road; on the south by Bidhannagar Road and Harish Neogy Road; and on the south by the Circular Canal.
The ward is served by Maniktala and Ultadanga police stations of Kolkata Police.
Ultadanga Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Eastern Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Beliaghata, Entally, Maniktala, Narkeldanga, Ultadanga, Tangra and Phoolbagan.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 13, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 33,066, of which 17,633 (53%) were males and 13,433 (47%) were females. Population below 6 years was 2,589. The total number of literates in Ward No. 13 was 25,414 (83.39% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Maniktala (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Elvis Manuel Monteiro Macedo (born 27 July 1985), known as Babanco, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club U.D. Leiria as a midfielder.
He spent most of his career in Portugal, making exactly 150 appearances in the Primeira Liga for Olhanense, Estoril and Feirense.
Babanco earned a record 62 caps for Cape Verde from 2007 to 2019, representing the country at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2013 and 2015.
Club career
Born in Praia, Babanco started playing football with local Sporting Clube da Praia. In 2009, he moved to another club in his hometown, Boavista FC.
In the 2010–11 season, Babanco signed with F.C. Arouca in Portugal, which was competing for the first time ever in the Segunda Liga. He was first choice during his two-year spell, with the Aveiro District side consecutively managing to retain their league status.
On 5 June 2012, Babanco signed a two-year deal with Primeira Liga club S.C. Olhanense. A year later, he made his way to G.D. Estoril Praia on a free transfer, valid until 2016.
After starting the season with AEL Limassol in the Cypriot First Division, Babanco rescinded his contract and returned to Portugal's top flight on 24 January 2017 on an 18-month deal at C.D. Feirense. He scored his first goal in the division on 3 March 2018 to open a 3–0 home win against Boavista FC.
Babanco joined G.D. Chaves of the second tier on 2 September 2019, with the 34-year-old agreeing to a one-year contract. He made only two competitive appearances during his spell at the Estádio Municipal Eng. Manuel Branco Teixeira, and subsequently moved to the lower leagues with U.D. Leiria.
International career
Babanco made his senior international debut for Cape Verde on 9 September 2007, in a 4–0 away victory over Guinea in 2008 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. On 7 December he scored his first goal to equalise in a 1–1 draw with hosts Guinea-Bissau in the 2007 edition of the Amílcar Cabral Cup. On 24 May 2010, he appeared in a friendly in Covilhã with Portugal – who were preparing for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa – playing 60 minutes as the minnows (ranked 117th) managed a 0–0 draw.
Babanco was chosen for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations – his country's first major tournament – where they were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Ghana. He was also called up two years later for the tournament in Equatorial Guinea.
International goals
(Cape Verde score listed first, score column indicates score after each Babanco goal)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Praia
Footballers from Santiago, Cape Verde
Cape Verdean footballers
Association football midfielders
Santiago South Premier Division players
Cape Verdean National Championships players
Sporting Clube da Praia players
Boavista FC (Cape Verde) players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Campeonato de Portugal (league) players
F.C. Arouca players
S.C. Olhanense players
G.D. Estoril Praia players
C.D. Feirense players
G.D. Chaves players
U.D. Leiria players
Cypriot First Division players
AEL Limassol players
Cape Verde international footballers
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
Cape Verdean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Cape Verdean expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
David Ross "Davy" Johnston (1942 – 2004) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a forward for Nairn County FC and Caledonian FC of the Scottish Highland Football League, and Heart of Midlothian FC and Aberdeen FC of the Scottish Football League.
Johnston began his senior football career as a 16 year old with his home town club, Nairn County FC. of the Scottish Highland Football League. He transferred to Heart of Midlothian FC of the Scottish Football League at 18 years of age and was very quickly in the Hearts first team playing at the top level of Scottish football. Due to homesickness Johnson returned to Nairn one year later and spent the next five years in Highland League football with Nairn County before transferring back into the Scottish League top tier of football with Aberdeen FC where he had a successful three years before once again returning to the Highland League, this time with Inverness team Caledonian FC, and finally finishing his senior football career at his first senior club, Nairn County FC.
Johnston was the subject of a 2010 book 'Pittodrie's Silent Assassin - Davy Johnston: Aberdeen, Nairn and Caley Sharpshooter' by journalist and lifelong Nairn County supporter Donald Wilson.
References
External links
1942 births
2004 deaths
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
Association football forwards
Scottish footballers
Nairn County F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Aberdeen F.C. players
Caledonian F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
People from Nairn
Sportspeople from Highland (council area)
Emile Waxweiler (1867–1916) was a Belgian engineer and sociologist. He was a member of the Royal Academy of Belgium as well as the International Institute of Statistics (Sarton 1917: 168).
Waxweiler was born in Mechelen, Belgium, 22 May 1867, and died in a street accident in London, where he was attached to the London School of Economics, in late June 1916 (Sarton 1917: 168).
Waxweiler's education included taking the “highest degree” in engineering from the University of Ghent, and then spending a year in the United States, where he studied labor questions and industrial organization (Sarton 1917: 168). In 1895, he was appointed head of the statistics section of the Belgian Office of Labor, and from 1897 on, Waxweiler taught courses in political and financial economics, statistics and demographics, as well as descriptive sociology, at the Université Libre de Bruxelles (Sauveur 1924: 395–396). These teaching obligations did not prevent him, however, from serving, beginning in 1901–1902, as director of the Solvay Institute of Sociology (Sarton 1917: 168; Sauveur 1924: 395).
In addition to his career-long emphasis on the importance of statistics as an analytical tool for all of the life sciences (Sauveur 1924: 397; Waxweiler 1909a), Waxweiler's major scientific contribution was his conception of sociology as a subfield of biology, in particular, ethology (Waxweiler 1906). In his Esquisse d'une sociologie of 1906, Waxweiler defined sociology (along with its alternative names of “social ethology” and “social energetics”), as “the science, one could almost say, the physiology of reactive phenomena caused by the mutual excitations of individuals of the same species, without distinctions of sex” (Waxweiler 1906: 62–63).
Furthermore, Waxweiler early on advocated a system of profit-sharing by which employees become co-partners with their employers (Waxweiler 1898; Gide 1899: 240; Willoughby 1899: 121), and also argued for compulsory education laws and limits on child labor in Belgium (McLean and Waxweiler 1906).
In the final two years of his life, Waxweiler published two popular books dealing with Germany's invasion of Belgium in 1914 (Waxweiler 1915; 1916).
Esquisse d'une sociologie
Waxweiler's Esquisse d'une sociologie [Sketch of a sociology] was published as the second fascicule of the Solvay Institute of Sociology's Notes et Mémoires series. As George Sarton (1924: 168) explained, “The Esquisse displayed a vast programme of research that Waxweiler had been obliged to outline as a working basis for the Institute of Sociology. This Institute had been founded a few years before, thanks to Ernest Solvay's munificence, and entrusted to Waxweiler in 1902.”
The Esquisse, along with the other fascicules of the Notes et Mémoires series published by the Solvay Institute of Sociology in 1906, was reviewed by A. F. Chamberlain in the April 1907 issue of the American Journal of Psychology:
In his “Outlines of Sociology,” Emile Waxweiler, who is a professor of the University of Brussels, treats, in the first part, of sociology (adaptation to environment, living milieu and social milieu, sociological phenomena in comparative sociology) and, in the second, sociological analysis (sources and method, social formation, social aptitudes, activities and synergies). Professor Waxweiler defines “social ethology,” or “sociology,” since that term already exists, as “the science, or rather, the physiology of the reactional phenomena due to the mutual excitations of individuals of the same species without distinction of sex.” The basis of social affinity is the “impression of organic likeness (similitude),” and the evolution of man's nervous system has determined characteristic phenomena from the sociological point of view,—”the faculty of perceiving inter-individually specific likeness of organization proceeds on a par with what is called the manifestations of intelligence, i. e., with the complexity of the nervous system” (p. 74). More and more has man become “the animal formed by the other individuals of his species.” [...] The only activities of the individual which interest the sociologist are his external activities, and those only in so far as they “produce effectively in another individual of the same species, without distinction of sex, a certain reaction” (p. 169). Activities are distinguished as conjunctive, protective, injurious, competitive, divulgative, gregarious, repetitive, initiative, acquisitive, selective; the social synergies a[s] conformity, interdependence, cephalization, co-ordination, conscience, etc. There is much interesting matter in this volume and the bibliography (pages 297–306, 2 cols. to page) proves the author's wide reading,—he has made good use of the Pedagogical Seminary and the writings of American devotees of “child study.” But for all this his book is, as he terms it, properly enough, “a sketch.” A useful feature is the “sociological dictionary” (pages 281–295) containing some 2,200 terms without definitions, of more or less sociological import, gleaned from the vocabulary of the French language (Chamberlain 1907: 261–262).
A. W. Small's review in the November 1906 issue of the American Journal of Sociology, however, took a dimmer view of this last-mentioned “sociological dictionary:”
There is a curious appearance of something short of precision in the “Lexique sociologique,” appended to the volume. This glossary contains upwards of 2,400 words without definition or explanation, “Susceptibles de suggérer directement un phénomène sociologique c'est-à-dire un phénomène réactionnel entre deux ou plusieurs individus de la même espèce, sans distinction de sex” (!). Why the invidious distinction in favor of these 2,400 terms, and against the remaining thousands in the vocabulary? Whether a syllable of human speech suggests a sociological reaction to our mind does not depend upon the syllable, but upon our knowledge of its history. As phenomena of human association words are of one common origin, and if they do not suggest sociological relations it is our fault. Such a list would be absolutely useless, except as a measure of the sociological suggestibility of a given individual (Small 1906: 425).
On the other hand, Joseph Schumpeter, writing in the pages of the Economic Journal, called Waxweiler's Sketch one “of the few which really advance the science” (Schumpeter 1907: 109), as well as “a book which ought not to be overlooked by anyone interested in sociology, or even in social science in general” (Schumpeter 1907: 111).
Notes and references
Notes
Waxweiler bibliography
McLean, F. H., and Waxweiler, E. (1906). Child labor in Belgium. Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol. 28, pp. 105–113.
Slosse, A., and Waxweiler, E. (1910). Enquête sur le régime alimentaire de 1065 ouvriers belges. Bruxelles: Misch et Thron.
Waxweiler, E. (1895). Les hauts salaires aux Etats-Unis. Paris: Bibliothèque Gilon.
Waxweiler, E. (1896a). Les lois protectrices du travail. Notes de Suisse. Bruxelles: Christophe Bruylant.
Waxweiler, E. (1896b). La réglementation du travail du dimanche en Suisse. Rapport à M. le Ministre de l'Industrie et du Travail sur une mission d'études faite en août, 1895. Bruxelles: Lebègue.
Waxweiler, E. (1897). L'organisation internationale de la statistique du travail. Congrès de la législation du travail, Bruxelles. [Cited in Sauveur (1924).]
Waxweiler, E. (1898). La participation aux bénéfices: Contribution à l'étude des modes de rémunération du travail. Paris: Arthur Rousseau.
Waxweiler, E. (1900). Du rôle d'une union internationale pour la protection légale des travailleurs. Paris. [Cited in Sauveur (1924).]
Waxweiler, E. (1901). Die belgische Lohnstatistik und die Lohngestaltung der Kohlenarbeiter 1896–1900. Jahrbücher für Nationalökonomie und Statistik, Dritte Folge Bd. XXII (LXXVII), pp. 161–187.
Waxweiler, E. (1905). Recherches statistiques sur l'alimentation ouvrière. Bulletin de l'Institut International de Statistique, tome XIV, pp. 206–213.
Waxweiler, E. (1906a). Esquisse d'une sociologie. Bruxelles & Leipzig: Misch & Thron.
Waxweiler, E. (1906b). Sur l'interprétation sociologique de la distribution des salaires. Remarque additionnelle to C. Henry (1906), Mesure des capacités intellectuelle et énergétique. Notes d'analyse statistique. Bruxelles & Leipzig: Misch & Thron.
Waxweiler, E. (1909a). La statistique et les sciences de la vie. Bulletin de l'Institut International de Statistique, tome XVIII, pp. 211–219.
Waxweiler, E. (1909b). L'enquête de l'Institut Solvay sur l'alimentation de la classe ouvrière en Belgique. Bulletin de l'Institut International de Statistique, tome XVIII, pp. 462–473.
Waxweiler, E. (1912). Sur les conditions sociales de la formation et de la diffusion d'une doctrine scientifique dans ses rapports avec la religion et la magie. Bulletin de l'Institut Solvay, no. 21, pp. 916–936.
Waxweiler, E. (1915). La Belgique neutre et loyale. Paris: Payot.
Waxweiler, E. (1916). Le procès de la neutralité belge, réplique aux accusations. Paris: Payot.
Waxweiler, E. (1974). Recueil de textes sociologiques d'Emile Waxweiler, 1906–1914. Introduction par F. Vanlangenhove. Bruxelles: Palais des Académies.
Other references
Bie, P. de. (1974). La sociologie d'Emile Waxweiler. Bruxelles: Palais des Académies.
Chamberlain, A. F. (1907). Instituts Solvay. Travaux de Sociologie. Notes et Mémoires. Misch et Thron, Éditeurs. Bruxelles et Leipzig, 1906. [Review of Fascicules 1–6 of Notes et Mémoires.] The American Journal of Psychology, vol. 18, no. 2, pp. 261–264.
Frost, H. H. (1960). The functional sociology of Emile Waxweiler and the Institut de Sociologie Solvay. Bruxelles: Académie Royale de Belgique.
Gide, C. (1899). [Review of: La Participation aux Bénéfices, by Emile Waxweiler.] The Economic Journal, vol. 9, no. 34, pp. 238–240.
Small, A. W. (1906). [Review of: Esquisse d'une sociologie, by Emile Waxweiler.] The American Journal of Sociology, vol. 12, no. 3, pp. 424–426.
Sarton, G. (1917). Emile Waxweiler (1867–1916). The Nation, vol. 104, no. 2693, pp. 168–169.
Sauveur, M. (1924). Waxweiler, Emile. Bulletin de l'Institut International de Statistique, tome XXI, pp. 394–398.
Schumpeter, J. (1907). [Review of: Esquisse d'une Sociologie, by E. Waxweiler.] The Economic Journal, vol. 17, no. 65, pp. 109–111.
Vatin, F. (1996). [Review of: L'univers de la sociologie en Belgique de 1900 à 1940, by Jean-François Crombois.] Revue Française de Sociologie, vol. 37, no. 3, pp. 485–487.
Willoughby, W. F. (1899). [Review of: La participation aux bénéfices: Contribution à l'étude des modes de rémunération du travail, by Emile Waxweiler.] Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol. 13, pp. 120–121.
See also
Sociophysiology
Solvay Institute of Sociology
G. P. Zeliony
Belgian sociologists
Ghent University alumni
1916 deaths
1867 births
France–Niger relations refer to foreign relations between France and the Niger. Their relations are based on a long shared history and the more than sixty year rule of Niger by the French colonial empire, beginning with the French conquest in 1898. Niger obtained independence from France in 1960, and a history of French influenced culture and French language have been a point of commonality in the creation of a distinctive Nigerien culture from the diverse pre-colonial nationalities which make up modern Niger. France benefited economically from their time as a colonial power, and still relies on imports from Niger for elements of their economy.
Colonialism and decolonisation
Niger has maintained close ties with France, its former colonial power throughout the history of the Nigerien Republic. Following Niger's independence in 1960, France maintained several hundred advisers at all levels of Niger's government and military. In the 1960s, the Military of Niger was drawn entirely from Nigerien former members of the French Colonial Forces: officered by Frenchmen who agreed to take joint French-Nigerien citizenship. In 1960 there were only ten African officers in the Nigerien army, all of low rank. President Diori signed legislation to end the employment of expatriate military officers in 1965, some continued to serve until the 1974 coup, when all French military presence was evacuated. As well, the French had maintained until 1974 around 1000 troops of the 4th Régiment Interarmes d'Outre-Mer (Troupes de Marine) with bases at Niamey, Zinder, Bilma and Agadez. In 1979 a smaller French force was again based permanently in Niger.
Current economic ties
France-Nigerien relations continue to be close, with France as Niger's top export partner (in value), and the French government being almost entirely dependent upon Niger for the Uranium which fuels its extensive Nuclear Power system, mined in the northern town of Arlit. Niger criticized France for the agreement saying that it should get a larger share of profits from uranium ore mining.
Diplomatic relations
While conflicts have developed and subsided between the two independent republics, France maintains a strong diplomatic presence in Niamey and several thousand French expatriates live across the nation. Niger in turn maintains one of its only 24 foreign embassies in Paris along with three Honorary consular offices (in Bordeaux, Lyon, and Marseille) serving a large expatriate and naturalised Niger born population which lives in France.
Mariama Hima, a former Nigerien minister of Social Development, served as an ambassador of Niger in Paris between 1997 and 2003.
Cultural ties
Nigerien national culture, made up as it is of a diverse group of pre-colonial national cultures, has been greatly influenced by French culture. The French language continues to be the official language of the Republic of Niger. Cultural centers, such as the in Niamey and the in Zinder provide major institutions for the growth and promotion of French culture in Niger, as well as promoting Nigerien culture to a French audience. Niger is a founding member of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie.
Resident diplomatic missions
France has an embassy in Niamey.
Niger has an embassy in Paris.
Notes and references
Niger
Bilateral relations of Niger
Relations of colonizer and former colony
Ajegunle, popularly known as "AJ City" or simply "AJ", is a neighbourhood located in the heart of Lagos, Lagos State, Nigeria. It is located in the Ajeromi-Ifelodun local government area of Lagos. Ajegunle in the Yoruba language means "A place where riches dwell."
It is bordered on the west by Apapa Wharf and Tincan, two of Nigeria's biggest seaports through which over 70 percent of imported goods come into the country. Ajegunle has a population of about 550,000 residents from many of the ethnic groups in Nigeria.
The community was subject to the Ijaw/Ilaje conflict that became an inspiration for the album CRISIS, released in 2007 by African China.
Notable residents
It has produced notable footballers and musicians, including Samson Siasia, former coach of the Nigeria national team, Biodun Upe Obende, who plays in Finland, former Manchester United striker Odion Ighalo, former Super Eagles defender Taribo West, Chinwendu Ihezuo of the Nigeria women's national team, and Emmanuel Amuneke, former African Footballer of the Year.
Ajegunle was brought to limelight by the popular musician Daddy Showkey in the late 1990s.
References
Neighborhoods of Lagos
Slums in Nigeria
Thora may refer to:
Thora, New South Wales
299 Thora, a main belt asteroid
Tora (given name)
See also
36 Greatest Hits! is a 2010 box set by American singer Frank Sinatra. This box set consists 36 songs he recorded for his own label, Reprise.
Track listing
Disc one
"I've Got You Under My Skin" (Cole Porter) - 3:26
"All or Nothing at All" (Jack Lawrence, Arthur Altman) - 3:57
"For Once in My Life" (Ron Miller, Orlando Murden) - 2:50
"I Never Knew" (Ted Fio Rito, Gus Kahn)
"Moon River" (Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer) - 3:20
"The Lady Is a Tramp" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) - 2:58
"Night and Day" (Porter) - 3:37
"I Get a Kick Out of You" (Porter) - 3:14
"Born Free" (Don Black, John Barry) - 2:05
"Hello, Dolly!" (Jerry Herman) - 2:45
"Something" (George Harrison) - 4:42
"My Way" (Paul Anka, Claude Francois, Jacques Revaux, Gilles Thibaut) - 4:36
Disc two
"Ring-A-Ding-Ding" (Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn)
"Summer Wind" (Mercer, Hanz Bradtke, Heinz Meyer)
"Swinging on a Star" (Van Heusen, Johnny Burke)
"I Wished on the Moon" (Dorothy Parker, Ralph Rainger)
"Then Suddenly Love" (Ray Alfred, Paul Vance)
"Love Me Tender" (Vera Matson, Elvis Presley)
"The Continental" (Herb Magidson, Con Conrad)
"I'll Never Smile Again" (Ruth Lowe)
"It's a Wonderful World" (Adamson, Jan Savitt, Johnny Watson)
"Send in the Clowns" (Stephen Sondheim)
"Pocketful of Miracles" (Cahn, Van Heusen)
"Softly, as I Leave You" (Hal Shaper, Antonio DeVito, Giorgio Calabrese)
Disc three
"Strangers in the Night" (Bert Kaempfert, Charles Singleton, Eddie Snyder)
"Witchcraft" (Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh)
"Nancy (With the Laughing Face)" (Phil Silvers, Van Heusen)
"Star!" (Cahn, Van Heusen)
"Gentle On My Mind" (John Hartford)
"That's Life" (Kelly Gordon, Dean Thompson)
"Are You Lonesome Tonight?" (Roy Turk, Lou Handman)
"The Look of Love" (Cahn, Van Heusen)
"The Very Thought of You" (Ray Noble)
"Without a Song" (Vincent Youmans, Billy Rose, Edward Eliscu)
"Young at Heart" (Leigh, Johnny Richards)
"Put Your Dreams Away (For Another Day)" (Paul Mann, Stephen Weiss, Lowe)
References
2010 compilation albums
Frank Sinatra compilation albums
The men's 100 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29 and 30 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
30 August
Wind: 0.0 m/s
Semi-finals
30 August
Semi-final 1
Wind: 0 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: -0.8 m/s
Heats
29 August
Heat 1
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: 0 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 28 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(1)
References
100 metres
100 metres at the European Athletics Championships
Abbottsville is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Abbottsville was established in 1848, and remained in operation until 1854. The community was named for one proprietor named Mr. Abbott. The Abbottsville Cemetery is located there.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
was an aircraft and airbase garrison unit of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service during the Pacific campaign of World War II.
History
The Yokohama Air Group was formed in Yokohama, Japan on October 1, 1936 as a patrol unit equipped with six Navy Type 91 Hiro H4H flying boats. On December 1, 1941 it was re-equipped with 24 Navy Type 97 Kawanishi H6K flying boats and assigned to support Japanese IJN 4th Fleet operations in the central Pacific as part of the 24th Air Flotilla.
Wake Island operations
Immediately following the attack on Pearl Harbor, and start of hostilities against the United States, Japanese forces attempted to seize strategically located Wake Island. The initial Japanese landing attempts were repelled by the island's United States Marine Corps defenders before the Japanese troops were able to land, with the loss of the Japanese destroyers and . In response the Japanese sent two Kawanishi H6K's on a reconnaissance flight from their forward operating base at Majuro, arriving at Wake at 0500 hours on December 12. Each plane dropped four 250-kg and twelve 60-kg bombs, but one was shot down by a USMC Grumman F4F Wildcat.
This mission was followed by a second night sortie of ten Kawanishi H6K's launched from Wotje, of which half turned back due to various mechanical difficulties before reaching their target. The remaining five aircraft ineffectually bombed Wake, with damage limited by poor visibility.
On December 15, a third sortie was attempted with seven Kawanishi H6K's launched from Wotje, of which six reached their targets at 1730 hours, each dropping four 250-kg and twelve 60-kg bombs and returning to Wotje without losses. A final mission was undertaken by eight aircraft on December 18, arriving over Wake at 1752 hours and dropping a total of five 250-kg and seventy-eight 60-kg bombs, encountering little opposition. Wake Island surrendered to Japan on December 23.
Southwest Pacific operations
On February 14, 1942, a detachment of seven Kawanishi H6K's was sent to Rabaul, New Britain and assigned to the 25th Air Flotilla, where they conducted reconnaissance and bombing missions in support of Japanese offensives in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. On April 1, 1942 the unit gained twelve Navy Type 2 Nakajima A6M2-N fighter seaplanes, which were tasked with defending Japanese bases in the same area from Allied bombing raids from June 2, 1942. The Yokohama Air Group also established small detachments at forward bases at Buin and the Shortland Islands, as well as a large detachment at Tulagi in May 1942. All was quiet during the month of June. On July 9, the unit's fighters intercepted two USAAF B-24 Liberator bombers on a reconnaissance mission, and shot down one of them. This was followed by the successful downing of a USAAF B-17 Flying Fortress on July 17, and again on July 23, but with the loss of one A6M2-N fighter.
On August 1, in a major engagement, six A6M2-N fighters intercepted a flight of seven B-17s, damaging three but failing to down any aircraft. This was followed by twelve separate engagements the following day, with both sides claiming unconfirmed victories.
During the Battle of Tulagi and Gavutu–Tanambogo on August 7, aircraft from the aircraft carrier dive-bombed Japanese installations on Tulagi, Gavutu, Tanambogo, and Florida Island and strafed and destroyed 15 Yokohama seaplanes floating in the anchorages near the islands. Several of the seaplanes were warming their engines in preparation for takeoff and were lost with their aircrews and many of their support personnel. The survivors, commanded by Captain Shigetoshi Miyazaki, joined the detachment of the 3rd Kure Special Naval Landing Force (SNLF) and fought as infantry until they were annihilated to the last man.
On October 1, 1942, the remainder of the unit which had not been deployed to Tulagi returned to Japan and were re-equipped with sixteen Navy Type 2 Kawanishi H8K flying boats. On November 1, 1942 the flying unit was redesignated as the 801 Air Group.
References
Notes
Groups of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Battle of Wake Island
Military units and formations established in 1936
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
The Icelandic Swimming Association () is the national governing body for aquatics in Iceland. It is affiliated to both LEN and FINA.
SSÍ brings together all the swimming clubs in the country, organizes the national championships and manages the national team.
References
External links
www.sundsamband.is—SSÍ website
Iceland
Swimming
Swimming organizations
Swimming in Iceland
1951 establishments in Iceland
Muntu Valdo (born 1977) is a jazz guitarist, harmonica player, and singer from Douala, Cameroon. He has performed with Ali Farka Toure, Manu Dibango, Richard Bona, Lokua Kanza, Eko Roosevelt, Lionel & Stephane Belmondo, Keziah Jones, and Alpha Blondy, and has played at Womad music festivals.
Childhood and education
Valdo, the eldest of four brothers, is from the Sawa community of Cameroon on the Gulf of Guinea coast; his father from the small village of Dibombari near Douala, and his mother from the Malimba Islands. When 8 years old he began playing on a guitar made from plasterboard and fishing wire, and at 15, started writing music, developing a particular musical style called Sawa Blues.
In the early 1990s, Valdo studied Law at the University of Yaoundé. While at university, he was injured and bed-ridden during student demonstrations; part of a political upheaval in Cameroon. On leaving hospital he returned to his parents in Douala, where he occasionally offered tuition to children. His parents had forbidden him to return to Yaoundé, so he began university studies at Douala in Linguistics and History, particularly that of Africa and Ancient Egypt. These studies influenced his decision to pursue a musical career, as did the musician Eko Roosevelt who, with Valdo, performed with the university's orchestra. He later joined Roosevelt's band as a guitarist; this was Valdo's first experience as a professional musician.
Career
After three years Eko Roosevelt's band, Valdo formed Muntu Band, later renamed Mulema ("the heart"), and began recording and performing. In 2000, he performed in ten Cameroon cities. The same year, sound engineer Gilbert Moodio played a recording of a Valdo concert to a French producer; after an audition, Valdo was encouraged to move to France. He lived in Belleville, associated with young musicians, and played in jam sessions and concerts in the bars of Rue Oberkampf and Place Chatelet, either solo or with his band. He also played with Manu Dibango, Alpha Blondy, Ali Farka Touré, Lokua Kanza, Cheick Tidianne Seck, Tony Allen, Rido Bayonne, Etienne Mbappe, Stephane & Lionel Belmondo, and Richard Bona.
Valdo released his first album Gods and Devils – Moiye Na Muititi in 2005. He toured Africa, Europe and Asia, playing festivals and concert halls including the Queen Elizabeth Hall (London), New Morning (Paris), Womad (Carceres, Charlton Park and Singapore), the Théâtre de la Petite Reine (Tbilisi), The Sage (Newcastle), Festival Plein Sud & Festival Africolor (France), and Fespam (Republic of the Congo).
In 2008, Valdo moved to live and work in London, and in 2010 he was the support act for Ladysmith Black Mambazo's UK tour.
Discography
2005: Gods and Devils
References
Cameroonian guitarists
Blues harmonica players
Funk guitarists
Bossa nova guitarists
Living people
1977 births
21st-century guitarists
Two human polls comprised the 1979 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Dorcadion boucardi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1942. It is known from Syria.
References
boucardi
Beetles described in 1942
Turki is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 730, in 119 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Associate professor is an academic title with two principal meanings: in the North American system and that of the Commonwealth system.
Overview
In the North American system, used in the United States and many other countries, it is a position between assistant professor and a full professorship. In this system an associate professorship is typically the first promotion obtained after gaining a faculty position, and in the United States it is usually connected to tenure.
In the Commonwealth system (Canada included), the title associate professor is traditionally used in place of reader in certain countries. Like the reader title it ranks above senior lecturer – which corresponds to associate professor in the North American system – and is broadly equivalent to a North American full professor, as the full professor title is held by far fewer people in the Commonwealth system. In this system an associate professorship is typically the second or third promotion obtained after gaining an academic position, and someone promoted to associate professor has usually been a permanent employee already in their two previous ranks as lecturer and senior lecturer. Traditionally British universities have used the title reader, while associate professor in place of reader is traditionally used in Australia and New Zealand, South Africa, India, Malaysia, and Ireland within an otherwise British system of ranks. More recently, some universities in Commonwealth countries have adopted the North American system of ranks.
Comparison
The table presents a broad overview of the traditional main systems, but there are universities which use a combination of those systems or other titles. Some universities in Commonwealth countries have also entirely adopted the North American system in place of the Commonwealth system.
References
Academic ranks
The Winnebago Pool is a collective name for a group of interconnected lakes in eastern Wisconsin. The terminal point of this watershed is Lake Winnebago itself, which has a surface elevation of 746 feet. Besides Lake Winnebago, the Winnebago Pool includes Big Lake Butte des Morts, Lake Poygan and Lake Winneconne. After the waters reach Lake Winnebago, they exit through the Lower Fox River and over the next 39 miles, the river drops over 150 feet to reach the lower water level of Green Bay.
The lakes of the Winnebago pool combine to encompass over and account for nearly 17% of the total surface water area in Wisconsin (not counting the Great Lakes). The primary feed waters of the Winnebago Pool are the Wolf River, Upper Fox River and Fond du Lac River. Lakes Winnebago and Big Lake Butte des Morts (along with Little Lake Butte des Morts to the northeast) served as part of the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway. The Butte des Morts region is part of the Winnebago Pool.
References
Lakes of Wisconsin
Umbach is a surname of German origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Arnold Umbach (1942–2020), American baseball player
Jonas Umbach (c. 1624–1693), German painter, designer, and engraver
References
Surnames of German origin
The Blue Mountain vireo (Vireo osburni) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae. It is endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Blue Mountain vireo
Endemic birds of Jamaica
Blue Mountain vireo
Blue Mountain vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Fast Life" is the second single from American hip hop artist Kool G Rap's 1995 album 4,5,6, featuring Nas Escobar. Released with the song "4,5,6" as a B-side, it later also featured on the compilation album The Greatest Hits (2002).
Background
Produced by Buckwild, "Fast Life" is a track that glorifies the criminal lifestyle with Kool G Rap and Nas Escobar portraying themselves as powerful and wealthy cocaine kingpins, boasting of their luxurious possessions and ruthless efficiency. The Mafioso theme of "Fast Life" is set early as the song opens with a sound bite from the 1983 film Scarface (Al Pacino's Tony Montana saying "The time has come, we gotta expand, the whole operation. Distribution, New York, to Chicago, L.A. We gotta set our own market, and enforce it.") and Nas later references such mob figures as Lucky Luciano, Bugsy Siegel and Frankie Yale. G Rap and Nas go line for line in the third and final verse of the song which Complex has described as "mind-blowing". The song's chorus goes as follows:
Livin the fast life, in fast cars
Everywhere we go, people know who we are
A team from out of Queens with the American Dream
So we're plottin' up a scheme to get the seven figure C.R.E.A.M.
Speaking of his collaboration with fellow Queens rapper Nas in a 2014 interview, Kool G Rap stated:
Music video
The music video for "Fast Life" was directed by Brian "Black" Luvar and shows Kool G Rap and Nas Escobar living lavishly as they plot the construction of a mythical "Fast Life Hotel and Casino".
Samples
"Fast Life" samples the following songs:
"Trackin' Shoes" by A.B. Skhy
"Happy" by Surface
And was later sampled on:
"Jam" by A Tribe Called Quest featuring Consequence
"Still Strugglin'" by Raekwon
"Gunz From Italy" by Club Dogo featuring Kool G Rap
"Fast Life" by Bassi Maestro
"Fast Lane" by Vado featuring Raekwon
"AutumnLeaves" by Bones (rapper)
Track listing
12"
A-side
"Fast Life" (Original) (4:54)
"Fast Life" (Instrumental) (4:54)
"Fast Life" (A cappella) (3:52)
B-side
"4,5,6" (Original) (3:20)
"4,5,6" (Instrumental) (3:20)
CD
"Fast Life" (Original) (4:54)
"Fast Life" (Instrumental) (4:54)
"Fast Life" (A cappella) (4:50)
"4,5,6" (Original) (3:20)
"4,5,6" (Instrumental) (3:20)
Charts
References
External links
"Fast Life" at Discogs
1995 songs
1995 singles
Kool G Rap songs
Nas songs
Cold Chillin' Records singles
Mafioso rap songs
Music videos directed by Brian Luvar
Song recordings produced by Buckwild (music producer)
Songs about crime
Songs about drugs
Songs written by Kool G Rap
Songs written by Nas
Songs written by Ed Townsend
A blank is a playing card in card-point games that is a non-counter, or is worth nothing. In Poker, the term refers to a community card which is extremely unlikely to help any remaining player.
The names of the non-counters varies from region to region and game to game. In Poker, they are blanks, bricks or bombs. In the German games of Schafkopf, Doppelkopf, Sixty-six and Skat, the 7s, 8s and 9s in all card suits are Luschen. In the popular Swiss game of Jass the Luschen are the 6s, 7s, 8s and 9s; unlike Skat, however, the 9 of trumps, "Nell", is worth 14 points and is thus an exception; it ranks in the hierarchy immediately below the highest trump card, the Jack or Unter of Trumps (20 points) and above the Ace of Trumps (11 points). In Schafkopf, the 9s, 8s and 7s are also known as Spatzen ("sparrows") or Zwiebeln ("onions"). There are no blanks in games like Whist or Bridge, because they are plain-trick games where it is the number of tricks that counts, not the value of the cards won.
Similar nicknames are given to very low-scoring cards. For example, in Tarock games, tarocks and pip cards score 1/3 of a point and are called Glatzen or Glatz'n, Skartindeln, Skatindeln or Skartins; and suit cards other than court cards are also called Ladons, Latons or Ladonis. Dummett calls them collectively low cards. In French Tarot they are the cartes basses. Low-value poker cards may be called rags.
In the Brusbart family of games, although cards do not have point values, certain cards are worthless in the sense that they cannot beat anything, even lower cards of the same suit. In Bruus and other members of the family they are 'duds' (Luschen or Fosen) or 'worthless cards' (wertlose Karten), but in Brus they are called 'windmills'. In Bräus, they are literally unplayable and only serve to pad out the hand.
References
Bibliography
Bamberger, Johannes (2011). Tarock: Die schönsten Varianten. 22nd edition. Vienna: Perlen-Reihe.
Dummett, Michael (1980). The Game of Tarot. From Ferrara to Salt Lake City. London: Duckworth.
Kastner, Hugo and Gerald Kador Folkvord (2005). Die große Humboldt-Enzyklopädie der Kartenspiele. Baden-Baden: Humboldt.
Mayr, Wolfgang and Robert Sedlaczek (2016). Die Strategie des Tarockspiels. Königrufen, Zwanzigerrufen, Neunzehnerrufen, Dreiertarock, Strohmanntarock. 5th expanded edition, Vienna: Atelier,
Parlett, David (2008). The Penguin Book of Card Games. London: Penguin. .
Card game terminology
Playing cards
Tiwai Island (Mende for 'Big Island') is a wildlife sanctuary and tourist site in Sierra Leone. Run by the non-governmental organization Environmental Foundation for Africa, Tiwai is 12 square kilometers in area and located on the Moa River in the Southern Province. It is also one of the largest inland islands in the country.
History
Tiwai belong to the Barri people until the late 19th century when Queen Nyarroh the Barri Chief gave half the Island to the Koya Chief whose territory was on the opposite side of the River Moa River where the Island is located. From then on both peoples share ownership of the Island. In the late 1970s the Island was recognised as a special biosphere for wildlife conservation. Numerous natural scientists visited the island during the 1970s and 1980s, researching various aspects of its flora and fauna. Subsequently, some researchers along with the Barri and Koya people then requested that it became a wildlife sanctuary and in 1987 it was official designated a game reserve. Activities including community conservation program, ecological research, wildlife management, tourism and forestry management training took place on the Island. Then, in 1991 civil war broke out in Sierra Leone financial support for the Tiwai was stopped and researchers and tourists were unable to reach the Island. After the end of the civil war the Environmental Foundation for Africa, a local Sierra Leonean NGO, rebuilt both tourism and researcher facilities on the island.
Geography
Tiwai Island is located in the Southern Province, 15 km from the town of Potoru on the Moa River 60 km from the Atlantic Ocean. The Island has area of 1,200 hectares (12 km2) and is between 80 and 100 meters above sea level. The climate on the Island is tropical with a rainy season between May and October and a dry season between December and March. The average temperature is 27 °C and rainfall is about 3,000 mm a year.
Biology
The Island is home to a population of pygmy hippopotamus, over 135 different species of birds and "one of the highest concentration and diversity of primates in the world … 11 species."
References
World Database on Protected Areas: Site Sheet, UN Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre, retrieved 7 November 2007
Islands of Sierra Leone
Southern Province, Sierra Leone
Protected areas of Sierra Leone
River islands of Africa
Park House English School is a private international English school in Doha, Qatar.
Park House English School was founded in Doha in 1994 by the Brennan family, and acquired by the International Schools Partnership in 2015.
School Council
Heather Brennan remained the principal of the school until Dougie Smith took over. The current Principal, John Smith, took over in August 2017. The Head of Secondary is Mrs. Rebecca Saunders, the Head of Primary is Natasha Hilton
Accreditation
Park House English School is accredited by the following organizations:
BSME: British Schools of The Middle East
edexcel
British Schools Overseas
Park House English School also follows a Cambridge curriculum and is a part of the University Of Cambridge.
References
Educational institutions established in 1994
British international schools in Qatar
Cambridge schools in Qatar
1994 establishments in Qatar
Phillips Brooks (December 13, 1835January 23, 1893) was an American Episcopal clergyman and author, long the Rector of Boston's Trinity Church and briefly Bishop of Massachusetts. He wrote the lyrics of the Christmas hymn, "O Little Town of Bethlehem".
He is honored on the Episcopal Church liturgical calendar on January 23.
Background
Early life and education
Born in Boston, Brooks was descended through his father, William Gray Brooks, from the Rev. John Cotton; through his mother, Mary Ann Phillips, he was a great-grandson of Samuel Phillips, Jr., founder of Phillips Academy (Andover, Massachusetts). Three of Brooks' five brothersFrederic, Arthur and John Cottonwere eventually ordained in the Episcopal Church.
Phillips Brooks prepared for college at the Boston Latin School and graduated from Harvard University in 1855 at the age of 20, where he was elected to the A.D. Club. He worked briefly as a school teacher at Boston Latin, but, upon being fired, felt that he had failed miserably. He wrote, "I do not know what will become of me and I do not care much.… I wish I were fifteen years old again. I believe I might become a stunning man: but somehow or other I do not seem in the way to come to much now." In 1856 he began to study for ordination in the Episcopal Church in the Virginia Theological Seminary at Alexandria, Virginia. While a seminarian there, he preached at Sharon Chapel (now All Saints Episcopal Church, Sharon Chapel) in nearby Fairfax County.
Pastoral career
In 1859 he graduated from Virginia Theological Seminary, was ordained deacon by Bishop William Meade of Virginia, and became rector of the Church of the Advent, Philadelphia. In 1860 he was ordained priest, and in 1862 became rector of the Church of the Holy Trinity, Philadelphia, where he remained seven years, gaining an increasing name as Broad churchman, preacher, and patriot. In addition to his moral stature, he was a man of great physical bearing as well, standing six feet four inches tall.
During the American Civil War he upheld the cause of the North and opposed slavery, and his sermon on the death of Abraham Lincoln was an eloquent expression of the character of both men. His sermon at Harvard's commemoration of the Civil War dead in 1865 likewise attracted attention nationwide. In 1869 he became rector of Trinity Church, Boston; today, his statue is located on the left exterior of the church.
Brooks wrote that his only ambition was "to be a parish priest and, though not much of one, [I] would as a college president be still less". Under his inspiration, architect Henry Hobson Richardson, muralist John LaFarge, and stained glass artists William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones created an architectural masterpiece in Trinity Church, Boston, among the notable features of which was the first freestanding liturgical altar in the United States in an overall chancel design that attracted attention for its Liturgical Movement influence even in British architectural magazines. Behind the free standing altar there was another revival from the early church chancel, a great synthronon for priests which surrounded the apse. Because Massachusetts had two bishops then, the bishops' chairs were placed within the altar rail to either side of the holy table. There were no choir stalls to distract from the central altar, which was hardly recognized as an altar in a period when most altars were backed up on to elaborate carved screens. Until 1888, there was also no pulpit. Brooks preferred to preach his legendary sermons from a modest lectern near the rector's stall on the south side of the chancel. There was also an eagle lectern on a balustraded ambo in the center at the chancel steps.
Such was the magnificence of Trinity Church that, in his chapter on Phillips Brooks' chancel in Ralph Adams Cram: An Architect's Four Quests, Douglass Shand-Tucci calls it "an American Hagia Sophia", a reflection of Brooks' architectural and liturgical tastes, disclosed in his travel writings, where in Germany for instance he referred to "thrilling music" and "thrilling incense" in respect to a liturgy he attended there in the Roman Catholic cathedral. Holy Week in Rome also greatly moved him, especially the papal high mass on Easter. Although he despaired of Anglo-Catholic ritualism, he championed many aspects of the liturgical movement including congregational singing at the liturgy. At the Eucharist, for instance, he would preach, not from the pulpit, but from the chancel steps, and although he liked to preach in a black academic gown he never failed to appear in a commodious white surplice and priest's stole when he officiated at the office or Eucharist.
In 1877 the building of Trinity was completed, but the Venetian mosaics Brooks and Richardson wanted they could not then afford. It was not until the magnificent new altar and sanctuary of Maginnis & Walsh in 1938 that Trinity's chancel reflected that aspect of their dreams for Trinity, which Brooks called "America's glory forever". Here Phillips Brooks preached Sunday after Sunday to great congregations, until he was consecrated Bishop of Massachusetts in 1891. In 1886, he had declined an election as assistant bishop of Pennsylvania. He was for many years an overseer and preacher of Harvard University. In 1881 he declined an invitation to be the sole preacher to the university and professor of Christian ethics. On April 30, 1891 he was elected sixth Bishop of Massachusetts, and on the 14 October was consecrated to that office in Trinity Church.
He died unmarried in 1893, after an episcopate of only 15 months. His death was a major event in the history of Boston. One observer reported: "They buried him like a king. Harvard students carried his body on their shoulders. All barriers of denomination were down. Roman Catholics and Unitarians felt that a great man had fallen in Israel."
Influence and legacy
Publications
In 1877 Brooks published a course of lectures upon preaching, which he had delivered at the theological school of Yale University, and which are an expression of his own experience. In 1879 appeared the Bohlen Lectures on The Influence of Jesus. In 1878 he published his first volume of sermons, and from time to time issued other volumes, including Sermons Preached in English Churches (1883) and "The Candle of the Lord" and Other Sermons (1895).
Brooks was also famous and beloved for his collections of sermons, The Purpose and Use of Comfort, first published in 1878, which includes the title sermon as well as: "The Withheld Completions of Life," "The Conqueror from Edom," "Keeping the Faith," "The Soul's Refuge in God," "The Man with One Talent," "The Food of Man, "The Symbol and the Reality," "Is It I?" and more.
Today, he is probably best known for authoring the Christmas carol "O Little Town of Bethlehem". Brooks also introduced Helen Keller to Christianity and to Anne Sullivan.
Awards and historical monuments
Brooks's understanding of individuals and of other religious traditions gained a following across a broad segment of society, as well as increased support for the Episcopal Church. Within his lifetime, he received honorary degrees from Harvard (1877) and Columbia (1887), and the Doctor of Divinity degree by the University of Oxford, England (1885).
In addition, Brooks's close ties with Harvard University led to the creation of Phillips Brooks House in Harvard Yard, built 7 years after his death. On January 23, 1900, it was dedicated to serve "the ideal of piety, charity, and hospitality." The Phillips Brooks House originally housed a Social Service Committee, which became the Phillips Brooks House Association in 1904. It ceased formal religious affiliation in the 1920s, but to this day remains in operation as a student-run group of volunteer organizations. Brooks' theological alma mater, Virginia Theological Seminary, honors him with a statue outside its library.
A statue of Phillips Brooks stands on the North Andover, Massachusetts Town Common, facing North Parish Church.
Rev. A.V.G. Allen, an Episcopal clergyman and professor of ecclesiastical history at the Episcopal Divinity School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, published several biographical works on Brooks. These included the two-volume Phillips Brooks, Life and Letters (1901); and the abbreviated and revised one-volume Phillips Brooks (1907), both published in New York. In 1961, Raymond W. Albright published another biography of Brooks entitled Focus on Infinity. His contemporary biographer is Douglass Shand-Tucci, who published a chapter on the bishop in Ralph Adams Cram: an Architects Four Quests in 2005, and in 2009 on the website of Back Bay Historical/The Global Boston Perspective and elaborated as "The Saint Bishop and the American Hagia Sophia", an October 2009 lecture at the New England Historical Genealogical Society in Boston as part of "The Gods of Copley Square" series. Another contemporary biographer, examining the preacher's evangelical legacy, is Gillis J. Harp. Gillis Harp has now written a major study, "Brahmin Prophet : Phillips Brooks and the Path of Liberal Protestantism".
A private elementary school in Menlo Park, CAPhillips Brooks Schoolis named for Phillips Brooks, as is Brooks School in his hometown of North Andover, Massachusetts, the latter founded by Endicott Peabody, who also founded the Groton School. The Brooks family founded a Brooks Memorial School in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1874 in memory of Phillips' brother, the Rev. Frederic Brooks, who died in an accident in Cambridge. That school was sponsored in part by John D. Rockefeller and operated under the Brooks name until 1891 and exists to this day under the name of the Hathaway Brown School. John S. White, first headmaster of the school in Cleveland, also founded a Phillips Brooks School in Philadelphia in 1904 that operated there until 1919.
The Episcopal Church remembers Phillips Brooks annually on January 23, the anniversary of his death. He is buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Notes
Raymond W. Albright, Focus on Infinity: A Life of Philips Brooks (New York, 1961).
References
External links
Texts and bibliography of works by and about Brooks
"The Light of the World and Other Sermons." (E. P. Dutton, 1904).
1835 births
1893 deaths
Abolitionists from Boston
Anglican saints
History of Christianity in the United States
Clergy from Boston
Harvard University alumni
19th-century Christian saints
19th-century American writers
Episcopal bishops of Massachusetts
American people of English descent
Phillips family (New England)
Burials at Mount Auburn Cemetery
Boston Latin School alumni
Songwriters from Massachusetts
Hall of Fame for Great Americans inductees
19th-century American musicians
Christian abolitionists
19th-century Anglican theologians
Kamal Kiriella (born 25 September 1967) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Police Sports Club. He was born in Colombo.
Kiriella made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1995-96 season, against Panadura Sports Club. He failed to score a run in either innings in which he batted.
External links
Kamal Kiriella at Cricket Archive
1967 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Corestheta insularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pascoe in 1875. It is known from Australia.
References
Dorcadiini
Beetles described in 1875
Roger Hollett (born October 8, 1978) is a retired Canadian mixed martial artist who formerly fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship in their Light Heavyweight division. He is the former Maximum Fighting Championship Light Heavyweight Champion.
Biography
Roger was born and raised in Fairview, Nova Scotia. He is the son of Canadian former boxing and kickboxing champion, Ralph Hollett, in which Roger was practiced in the disciplines of boxing and kickboxing while growing up with his father. He trains at the Titans Gym in Halifax and holds a brown belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Kevin Taylor and Peter Martell, both being Renzo Gracie black belts. He also trains with, and is managed by Muay Thai instructor, and Muay Thai champion, Robert Walker.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Hollett was sidelined temporarily due to torn ligaments in his left knee (ACL, MCL, and meniscus) during a takedown attempt by Lew Polley in their October 20, 2007 match, which Hollett lost via TKO, snapping his 7 fight winning streak.
Hollett made an impressive comeback at ECC 8: Comeback on September 20, 2009, defeating Marcus Hicks via TKO at 1:35 of round 1.
Following his fight with Hicks, Hollett returned to the Maximum Fighting Championship at MFC 19 on December 5, 2008 against Emanuel Newton in a bout for the vacant MFC Light Heavyweight Championship. Newton won the fight via unanimous decision and claimed the title. While Hollett threw harder strikes than his opponent, Newton was able to control Hollett throughout the fight with takedowns, low kicks, and jabs. This would mark Hollet's first time going to a decision.
Hollett lost his second straight fight to UFC veteran David Heath at MFC 20 on February 20, 2009, by submission due to a guillotine choke in the first round.
Hollett returned to action on September 26, 2009 at ECC 10: Demolition by overwhelming fellow Canadian Chris Peak in the first round via kimura, snapping his two fight losing streak.
Hollett's next fight came at the Maximum Fighting Championship's HeatXC 4: Hysteria on November 6, 2009 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in which he defeated Aron Lofton via armbar at 3:02 of round 1.
Roger returned to the cage after sustaining yet another injury, on October 23, 2010 at W-1 MMA 6: New Ground in Halifax, NS, facing Mychal Clark. Roger dominated Clark en route to a unanimous decision victory.
In January 2011, it was announced that Roger was scheduled to face Steve Bossé in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at Ringside MMA 10: Cote vs. Starnes. However, Bosse was forced out of the fight due to an injury. Canadian up and comer, and reigning TFC Light Heavyweight Champion, Martin Desilets was brought in as a late replacement. Roger defeated Desilets via TKO at 1:39 of round 2.
Hollett was expected to face MMA legend Jeremy Horn at ECC 14: Warrior's Soul on April 27, 2012. However, the fight was cancelled when Hollet failed his medical tests.
Bellator Fighting Championships
Hollett next defeated John Hawk via split decision at Bellator 57 to gain a spot in the Season 7 Light-Heavyweight Tournament. However, due to an injury, he was unable to compete in the tournament and was released from the promotion shortly after.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
On August 3, 2012 it was announced that Hollett had signed a UFC contract.
Hollett was expected to make his promotional debut against Matt Hamill on September 22, 2012 at UFC 152 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. However, Hollett was forced out of the bout due to a contract dispute with Bellator and replaced by Vladimir Matyushenko. On September 11, 2012, it was announced that Hollett would fight Hamill after all after Matyushenko had to pull out of the fight due to a torn Achilles tendon. Hollett lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Hollett was expected to face Wagner Prado on January 19, 2013 at UFC on FX 7. However, Hollett was forced out of the bout with a torn bicep and was replaced by promotional newcomer Ildemar Alcantara.
Hollett had his second UFC fight against Fábio Maldonado on May 18, 2013 at UFC on FX 8. He lost the fight via unanimous decision and was subsequently released from the promotion.
Championships and accomplishments
Maximum Fighting Championship
MFC Light Heavyweight Championship (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–5
| Fábio Maldonado
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Jaraguá do Sul, Brazil
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–4
| Matt Hamill
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 152
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–3
| John Hawk
| Decision (split)
| Bellator 57
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Rama, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–3
| Martin Desilets
| TKO (punches)
| Ringside MMA 10: Cote vs. Starnes
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:39
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–3
| Mychal Clark
| Decision (unanimous)
| W-1 New Ground
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–3
| Aron Lofton
| Submission (armbar)
| HeatXC 4: Hysteria
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:02
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–3
| Chris Peak
| Submission (kimura)
| ECC 10: Demolition
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:45
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 8–3
| David Heath
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| MFC 20
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:58
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 8–2
| Emanuel Newton
| Decision (unanimous)
| MFC 19: Long Time Coming
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–1
| Marcus Hicks
| TKO (punches)
| ECC 8: Comeback
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:35
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–1
| Lew Polley
| TKO (punches)
| ECC 6: Hometown Heroes
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:02
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Victor Valimaki
| TKO (submission to strikes)
| MFC 13: Lucky 13
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:06
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Shane Biever
| KO (punches)
| MFC 12: High Stakes
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:15
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Ricardeau Francois
| TKO (submission to punches)
| ECC 5: A Night of Champions
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:20
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Mike Maurer
| KO (punches)
| MFC 11: Gridiron
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:36
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Pay Penny
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| ECC 4: Fury
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:37
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Jason Cecil
| Submission (keylock)
| ECC 3: East Coast Warriors
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:41
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Peter Rogers
| Submission (armbar)
| ECC 1: The Beginning
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:50
| Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
List of Canadian UFC fighters
References
External links
Official site
1978 births
Living people
Canadian male mixed martial artists
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Sportspeople from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Canadian Muay Thai practitioners
Canadian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Semi-generic is a legal term used in by the United States Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau to refer to a specific type of wine designation. The majority of these were originally based on the names of well-known European wine-producing regions. Consumers didn't recognize grape varieties at that time and New World producers used the familiar names to suggest the style of wine they were offering for sale. U.S. regulations require that semi-generic names (for example, California champagne) may be used on a wine label only if there appears next to such name the appellation of "the actual place of origin" in order to prevent any possible consumer confusion.
The practice primarily ceased in 2006 with the Wine Trade Agreement, though existing brands can continue the practice, considered grandfathered in.
Recent problems
Over the past thirty years, with the popularity of varietal labeling, semi-generic names have largely fallen out of use. They are typically only used on inexpensive wines sold in jugs or cartons and most of those now use the more popular varietal labeling.
The use of these names is a subject of some disagreement. Through trade agreements, the European Union has protected most of these names in its major export markets. In 1993, Australia agreed not to use European place names and France and Italy agreed to stop using the term Tokay, which is now reserved for Hungarian wines. The use of semi-generic names is beginning to become a problem for US domestic and foreign policy because as many American Viticultural Areas (AVAs) are becoming more popular around the world, they are seeking greater protection for their names inside and outside the U.S. In 2006, the U.S. agreed with the EU in the Wine Trade Agreement to refrain from adding any additional labels to class of semi-generic wines.
Some U.S. states have laws which additionally restrict or prohibit the use of semi-generic names wines produced within their borders.
Definition
In the U.S., semi-generics are defined by law in 27 CFR 4.24. There are two types.
The first type is names that can legally refer to any grape wine whatsoever. In practice, most have become associated with a given style, which is noted.
Burgundy – Generic red wine, for example Gallo's Hearty Burgundy. Named after French Burgundy.
Chablis – Generic white wine, named after Chablis.
Chianti – Generic red, named after Italy's Chianti.
Claret – Also generic red wine, named after Claret, the British term for French red Bordeaux.
Malaga – A sherry, named after Málaga in Spain.
Moselle – Generic sweet white, based on a German style produced in the Moselle River valley.
Rhine Wine (syn. Hock) – Generic sweet white, after Germany's Rhine River. Hock is named after Hochheim.
Sauterne – White or pink, dry or sweet, named after Sauternes but deliberately misspelt.
Haut Sauterne – Same as above.
Tokay – Generic white, named after Hungary's Tokaji.
The second type of semi-generic names have restrictions on what kind of wine they can be. The legal restriction is listed first, followed by the original term.
Angelica – Fortified wine of 18–24% alcohol, named after Los Angeles.
Champagne – Sparkling wine, named after France's Champagne.
Marsala – Wine of 14–24% alcohol, named after Italy's Marsala.
Madeira – Fortified wine of 18–24% alcohol, named after Portugal's Madeira.
Port – Fortified wine, named after Portugal's Porto.
Sherry Fortified wine of 17–24% alcohol, named after Spain's Sherry.
See also
Wine label
Fighting varietals
References
Sources
Label Approval for Wine Labels with a Semi-Generic Name
Robinson, Jancis (Ed.) The Oxford Companion to Wine. Oxford: Oxford University Press, second edition, 1999.
Agreement between the United States and the European Community on Trade in Wine
Appellations
Food product brands
Colombiazomus is a monotypic genus of hubbardiid short-tailed whipscorpions, first described by Armas & Delgado-Santa in 2012. Its single species, Colombiazomus truncatus is distributed in Colombia.
References
Schizomida genera
Monotypic arachnid genera
Chrysophyllum pomiferum is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to tropical South America.
Description
Chrysophyllum pomiferum grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . Its brown bark is scaly. The obovate or oblanceolate leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to 10 greenish-white flowers. The roundish fruits ripen yellowish-orange and measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum pomiferum is native to northern and western South America, including northern Brazil. Its habitat is in rainforest at altitudes up to .
References
pomiferum
Flora of northern South America
Flora of western South America
Flora of North Brazil
Plants described in 1936
The grey-throated white-eye (Zosterops rendovae) is a species of bird. Its family, the Zosteropidae, is probably not valid and belongs in the Timaliidae instead. It is also known as Zosterops ugiensis because Z. rendovae has often been used for the Solomons white-eye (Z. kulambangrae).
It is endemic to the island of Makira in the Solomon Islands archipelago. The Guadalcanal white-eye (Z. oblitus) on Guadalcanal and Bougainville white-eye (Z. hamlini) on Bougainville were formerly considered subspecies, but are now considered distinct species. It inhabits primary forest, mainly at 900–2000 m above sea-level but small numbers occur at lower levels.
It is a small bird, 12–13 cm long. It is fairly dark green above with a brownish tail, a variable dark brown area between the eye and bill and a narrow white ring around the eye. The underparts are dark grey apart from the green chin, pale centre to the belly and yellow undertail-coverts. The bill is blackish with a pale base to the lower mandible.
References
grey-throated white-eye
grey-throated white-eye
Taxa named by Henry Baker Tristram
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Makira
Steven Wolk is the chief technology officer of P. C. Richard & Son. He graduated from New York Institute of Technology with a B.S. in Computer Science.
References
New York Institute of Technology alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Argus Range is a mountain range located in Inyo County, California, southeast of the town of Darwin. The range forms the western boundary of Panamint Valley, and the northwestern boundary of Searles Valley. The Coso Range is located to the west, and the Panamint Range to the east.
Geography
The Argus Range is one of the westernmost of the Basin and Range Province ranges. The northern end of the range is just south of the Panamint Springs Resort on Highway 190. The range runs south to Argus Peak, just northwest of Searles Lake, near the town of Trona, California. In addition to Argus Peak, the range contains Maturango Peak.
The crest of the Argus Range is located within NAWS China Lake and so the peaks of this range are off-limits to the general public. The two peaks that are most alluring to would-be hikers are Argus Peak () and Maturango Peak () towering to the west of Panamint Valley.
Argus Range Wilderness
The Argus Range Wilderness, under the administration of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), runs along the east side of the Argus Range. It extends from the military reservation on the west to the foot of the Argus Range on the east. For most of its length, this wilderness area is no more than two miles (3 km) wide. Several private property holdings are located within this wilderness area including a rather deep cherry-stem at Snow Canyon and a parcel known as Onyx Springs between Shepherd and Bendire Canyons. Many land-owners were affected by the creation of the Argus Range Wilderness Area in 1994 .
References
External links
Argus Range Wilderness website. Bureau of Land Management.
Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
Protected areas of the Mojave Desert
Cinedigm Corp. is an American entertainment company headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Cinedigm's businesses encompass digital cinema, streaming channels, content marketing, and distribution.
History
Early years
Cinedigm Corp was founded in 2000 under the name Access IT Digital Media, Inc., through a group led by Bud Mayo. Mayo directed Cinedigm until his retirement in 2010, and subsequently founded Digital Cinema Destinations Corp. In September 2013, the company changed its name to Cinedigm Corp. In January 2011, Chris McGurk became the new chairman and CEO.
In July 2011, Cinedigm sold its physical and electronic distribution business to Technicolor. The following month, Screenvision acquired UniqueScreen Media, Inc. (USM), the cinema advertising division of Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp. The companies entered into a long-term agreement, with Cinedigm providing distribution and promotion for Screenvision.
In April 2012, Cinedigm acquired distributor company New Video.
In October 2013, the company acquired Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment.
In May 2014, Cinedigm established Docurama, an OTT documentary channel, focused on documentaries and film festival coverage.
Later that year, Jeffrey Edell would join as CFO, and the company began trading on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol.
Expansion into Video on Demand
In February 2015, Cinedigm and Wizard World launched CONtv. In June of that year, Cinedigm would acquire a minority stake in Shout! Factory. Finally, in September, Cinedigm partnered with The Dove Foundation to create The Dove Channel, an online streaming service focusing on faith-based programming.
In December 2017, control of Cinedigm was given to Bison Capital of Hong Kong to start one of the first China-U.S Studios.
On February 5, 2019, Cinedigm acquired streaming service Viewster and its Viewster Anime subsidiary. Viewster would eventually merge with CONtv and rebrand as CONtv Anime on June 13, 2020.
In April of that year, Cinedigm licensed content from Chinese firms CCTV, China Lion, Starrise Media and Youku, in order to launch an entertainment and film service called Bambu; the service would launch on October 22, 2019.
In 2020, Cinedigm acquired The Film Detective.
In February 2021, Cinedigm acquired the horror-genre streaming service, Screambox. Later that year, on September 21, 2021, Cinedigm acquired Bloody Disgusting. As part of the acquisition, Screambox would be relaunched under the curation and management of Bloody Disgusting.
In August 2021, Cinedigm announced a partnership with Robert Rodriguez to relaunch the former cable and satellite-based El Rey Network as a streaming channel.
In December 2021, Cinedigm signed a deal with SideStream, a live video streaming service.
In March 2022, Cinedigm acquired streaming, advertising and distribution company, Digital Media Rights; including the ad-supported streaming services Cinehouse, AsianCrush, RetroCrush, Midnight Pulp, Cocoro, and KMTV.
On September 15, 2022, Cinedigm launched Cineverse, marketed as the company's flagship streaming service, featuring programming from across its AVOD (ad-supported video on demand) and FAST (free, ad-supported, television) brands.
Television and streaming
Cinedigm owns or distributes programming from the following brands as of 2022.
AsianCrush
Bloody Disgusting TV
Screambox
The Bob Ross Channel
Cinehouse
Cocoro
Comedy Dynamics (The Nacelle Company)
CONtv
CONtv Anime
The Country Network (TCN Country, LLC)
Docurama
The Dove Channel
El Rey Network (Robert Rodriguez / FactoryMade Ventures)
Fandor
FashionBox HD
The Film Detective
Gametoon
KMTV
The Lone Star Channel
Midnight Pulp
My Time Movie Network
Real Madrid TV (Real Madrid Club de Fútbol)
RetroCrush
So...Real
References
External links
2000 establishments in California
American companies established in 2000
Entertainment companies established in 2000
Mass media companies established in 2000
Digital media organizations
Entertainment companies based in California
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies based in Los Angeles
Film distributors of the United States
Home video companies of the United States
Mass media companies of the United States
Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt is the fifteenth studio album by American electronic musician Moby. It was released on March 2, 2018 by the record labels Little Idiot and Mute.
Background
In 2016 and 2017, Moby released two albums with his musical project Moby & the Pacific Void Choir, These Systems Are Failing and More Fast Songs About the Apocalypse, which largely tackled Moby's views on the 2016 United States presidential election and the national political climate. Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt marks a stylistic and thematic retreat from the politically-themed and punk rock-influenced Pacific Void Choir records. Eschewing overtly political lyrics, the songs on Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt explore themes of spirituality, individuality, and humanity. Moby recalled that he "disengaged" himself from politics in the immediate aftermath of the 2016 election, and discussing the election's influence on the album, he said:
Moby described the main theme of the album as "the dialectic between light and dark, between hard and vulnerable", explaining:
The title Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt is derived from a line in Kurt Vonnegut's 1969 novel Slaughterhouse-Five, one of Moby's favorite books; he was struck by the line's "utopian simplicity". Two songs from the album, "Mere Anarchy" and "The Ceremony of Innocence", are named after lines from the 1919 W. B. Yeats poem "The Second Coming", which resonated with Moby as "a horrifying description of what we're going through."
Production
Moby recorded Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt at his Los Angeles home studio. During the recording process, Moby was fascinated with exploring the boundaries of studio production. He said that musically, the album was most inspired by "the studio based albums around in the 70s and early 80s – Grace Jones, Marianne Faithfull's Broken English – pre-digital, where people would still use the studio like an instrument. Where they were playing around with synthesising and techniques but they were still working in the analogue realm." Moby was also influenced by the production on certain post-punk, R&B, soul, and reggae records, "where vocals were still very prominent but they were creating sounds that were at times experimental." He aimed to incorporate "sonic imperfections" into the album's songs by utilizing older recording equipment.
According to Clashs Sarah Bradbury, Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt finds Moby returning to his earlier "transcendental" electronica sound. Neil Z. Yeung of AllMusic found the album "mostly indebted" to trip hop and Moby's late 1990s musical style, while Billboard journalist Steven J. Horowitz said that it is driven by a "'90s trip-hop aesthetic". Mojo critic Matt Yates described it as a "downtempo electronica" record. The album draws from Moby's musical roots, incorporating influences from dub, soul, and gospel music. In Rolling Stone, Maura Johnston said that it "applies the Moby ideal of soulful vocals and big beats to the not-all-that-farfetched idea of a post-apocalyptic landscape", with Moby's own "brittle" vocals "providing a downcast contrast to the more honeyed approach of his guest vocalists."
Release
On December 11, 2017, Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurts title and release date were announced and the album was made available for pre-order. It was released on March 2, 2018 by Moby's own Little Idiot label and Mute Records.
The first single from Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt, "Like a Motherless Child", was released on December 11, 2017, coinciding with the announcement of the album. The song peaked at number 33 on the Billboard Adult Alternative Airplay chart. The album's second single, "Mere Anarchy", was released on January 29, 2018. "This Wild Darkness" was released as the album's third single on February 26, 2018.
On July 6, 2018, Moby released the album Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt (The EastWest Sessions), which was recorded at EastWest Studios and consists of new versions of songs from the original album.
Critical reception
Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, it has an average score of 75 based on 16 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Neil McCormick of The Daily Telegraph commended Moby's mastery of building songs "to euphoric release" and concluded that "despite its relentlessly downbeat content, Moby's music is just too satisfying to be depressing." Ben Hogwood of MusicOMH found the album's songs sonically comparable to Moby's previous work, but found that their "greater resolve and authenticity" give them "much more of a backbone." Evening Standard critic Elizabeth Aubrey felt that Moby, in returning to his musical roots, had produced "one of his most accessible albums in years." At Exclaim!, Luke Pearson praised the "well-crafted" record as "a tasteful and mature evolution" of Moby's sound. Louise Bruton of The Irish Times deemed it "Moby's most personal album yet" and was compelled by its analysis of "the human condition and the awfulness that that can inflict." Mike Schiller of PopMatters said that while some listeners might be put off by the tracks' slower tempos and "hazy and gauzy" production, Moby mostly succeeds in "turning despair and hopelessness into something engaging".
In a mixed review for Pitchfork, Sasha Geffen criticized the "circuitousness" of Moby's lyrics and found his typically "unvarnished" vocal style less suited to the album's more elaborate music. Ilana Kaplan of The Independent welcomed the inclusion of female vocals throughout the album, which she felt "speaks volumes in 2018", but wrote that the lyrics occasionally feel "overwrought" and "distract from his gorgeous soundscapes". Spins Annie Zaleski deemed the record "a let down—the equivalent of a sad, deflated Mylar balloon" compared to Moby's previous "buoyant" albums, despite its "glimmers of promise". In The Times, Will Hodgkinson wrote that "those mourning the loss of 1990s trip-hop will have their prayers answered", but described the album as "rather portentous and, frankly, a bit boring."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Moby – production, recording, vocals, mixing on "Welcome to Hard Times"
Matthew Grabelsky – cover artwork
Apollo Jane – vocals on "Welcome to Hard Times", "This Wild Darkness", and "A Dark Cloud Is Coming"
Mike Jones – layout
Mindy Jones – vocals on "Mere Anarchy", "The Waste of Suns", "The Last of Goodbyes", "The Tired and the Hurt", and "This Wild Darkness"
Steve "Dub" Jones – mixing
Joe Lambert – mastering
Julie Mintz – vocals on "The Sorrow Tree" and "Falling Rain and Light"
Brie O'Bannon – vocals on "This Wild Darkness"
Raquel Rodriguez – vocals on "Like a Motherless Child"
Charts
References
External links
2018 albums
Moby albums
Albums produced by Moby
Albums recorded in a home studio
Mute Records albums
Alistair Munro born 24, September 1958 in Greenock, Scotland is a retired international sports person. He was a competitive slalom canoeist before turning to coaching and sports reporting.
Canoeing
Formerly a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s and 1980s in all disciplines of the sport. He started in sea kayaking and then competed for Scotland national Team in sprint marathon disciplines before specializing in white water/slalom disciplines. Alistair won numerous national titles in Scotland in multiple disciplines in a sporting career lasting from 1974-1986.
He won with Jock Young (canoeist) the British Slalom C-2 championships in 1979, won the Pre World Championships at Bala in 1980, then won a gold medal in the C-2 team event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala.
He competed until the 1985 World Championships at Augsburg and retired from his canoe slalom career after this event.
From 1991 - 1996 he was the personal coach to Lynn Simpson (Reys) and coached her at the Barcelona and Atlanta Olympics. In 1995 Lynn Simpson won the LK-1 at the Canoe Slalom World Championships at Holme Pierrepont in Nottingham, England.
References
External links
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
British male canoeists
Living people
1958 births
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Salisbury Center is a hamlet (and census-designated place) located in the Town of Salisbury in Herkimer County, New York, United States. Salisbury Center has a post office with zip code 13454.
New York State Route 29 and New York State Route 29A intersect in the CDP, with NY 29A having its western terminus at the intersection.
References
Hamlets in Herkimer County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Carlos Biggeri (1908–1965) was an Argentine mathematician who won several prestigious awards including the Association of Culture of Argentina, the Faculty of Science of Madrid (Spain) and the Institution Mitre
1908 births
1965 deaths
20th-century Argentine mathematicians
Une semaine de bonté ("A Week of Kindness") is a collage novel and artist's book by Max Ernst, first published in 1934. It comprises 182 images created by cutting up and re-organizing illustrations from Victorian encyclopedias and novels.
History
The earliest comics by Ernst, Répétitions and Les malheurs des immortels, date from 1922, the year the artist moved to Paris. They were created in collaboration with poet Paul Eluard. Ernst went on to produce numerous comic-based paintings, and more comic books. The largest and most important before Une semaine de bonté were La femme 100 têtes (1929) and Rêve d'une petite fille qui voulut entrer au carmel (1930).
Une semaine de bonté was completed in 1933 in just three weeks, during a visit to Italy. A few of Ernst's sources were identified: these include illustrations from an 1883 novel by Jules Mary, Les damnées de Paris, and possibly a volume of works by Gustave Doré Ernst purchased in Milan. The completed novel was first published in Paris in 1934 as a series of five pamphlets in a limited edition of 816 copies each.
It became more generally available when reprinted in 1976 as a combined single volume of 208 pages (including English translations) plus English preface, by Dover Publications in the US.
Until 2008, the original collages of Une semaine de bonté, which Max Ernst kept throughout his life, had only been exhibited once in their entirety: in March 1936 at the Museo Nacional de Arte Moderno (National Museum of Modern Art) in Madrid.
Modern exhibitions:
2008 Brühl, Max Ernst Museum
2008 Hamburg, Kunsthalle
2009 Madrid, Fundación cultural MAPFRE
2009 Paris, Musée d'Orsay
Structure
The work originally appeared in five volumes, but is actually divided into seven sections named after the days of the week, beginning with Sunday. "Ernst had originally intended to publish it in seven volumes associating each book with a day of the week... The first four publication deliveries did not, however, achieve the success that had been anticipated. The three remaining 'days' were therefore put together into a fifth and final book."
The first four published volumes covered a day each, whereas the last volume covered three: Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Each of the seven sections is associated with an element, and is provided with an example of the element, and an epigraph. The overall structure of the novel is as follows:
Furthermore, Thursday is subdivided into two subsections, based on two examples provided for "blackness", and Friday is subdivided into "trois poèmes visibles" ("three visible poems").
Content
Une semaine de bonté comprises 182 images created by cutting up and re-organizing illustrations from Victorian novels, encyclopedias, and other books. Ernst arranged the images to present a dark, surreal world. Most of the seven sections have a distinct theme that unites the images within. On Sunday the element is mud, and Ernst's example for this element is the Lion of Belfort; consequently, this section features numerous characters with lion heads.
The element of the next section, Monday, is water, and all of the images show water, either in a natural setting, or flowing inside bedrooms, dining rooms, etc. Some of the characters are able to walk on water, while others drown. The element associated with Tuesday is fire, and so most of the images in this section feature dragons or fantastic lizards. The last of the large sections, Wednesday, contains numerous images of bird-men.
The element of Thursday, "blackness", has two examples instead of one. The first example, "a rooster's laughter", is illustrated with more images of bird-men. The second example, Easter Island, is illustrated with images portraying characters with Moai heads. Friday, the most abstract part of the entire book, contains various images that resist categorization. They include collages of human bones and plants, one of which was used for the cardboard slipcase that was meant to house all five volumes of Une semaine de bonté. The final section of the book, Saturday, contains 10 images. The element given is "the key to songs"; the images are once again uncategorizable. The section, and with it the book, ends with several images of falling women.
No full interpretation of Une semaine de bonté has ever been published. The book, like its predecessors, has been described as projecting "recurrent themes of sexuality, anti-clericalism and violence, by dislocating the visual significance of the source material to suggest what has been repressed." An analysis of Sunday was published by psychologist Dieter Wyss, who subjected the work to post-Freudian psychoanalysis in his book Der Surrealismus (1950).
Notes
1934 books
1934 in comics
Artists' books
Wordless novels
Pantomime comics
Photocomics
Dada
Comics about animals
Michauxia campanuloides, the rough-leaved michauxia, is an ornamental plant in the Campanulaceae (bellflower) family. It is native to Greece, Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Palestine, Israel.
Description
From rosettes of basal lanceolate and lobed leaves arise flowering stems up to 2 m high, branched towards the top carrying many drooping flowers of white, tinged with purple, with 8-10 long narrow reflexed lobes and long-projecting style. Flowers April–July.
Habitat
Stony and rocky places.
Gallery
References
External links
Michauxia campanuloides photo
Campanuloideae
Flora of Greece
Flora of Turkey
Flora of Lebanon and Syria
Flora of Palestine (region)
Plants described in 1788
RV4 may refer to:
Mandala 4, the fourth mandala of the Rigveda
Norwegian National Road 4 (Norwegian: )
Van's Aircraft RV-4, a kit aircraft
Aayushmaan Chaturvedi (born 25 October 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Spółdzielca Siedliszcze in the Polish V liga.
Early life
Born in New Delhi, Delhi, Aayushmaan started playing football in early school life. Aayushmaan's career began when he signed a professional contract with Mohun Bagan A.C. making his debut at the age of 19. He was also a part of 2015 ISL Domestic Draft for the second edition of Indian Super League.
Club career
India
Played for Mohun Bagan A.C. from 2014 to 2016 in the I-League, and next season shifted to Minerva Punjab FC in the 2015–16 I-League 2nd Division. Next season he played for Sudeva Moonlight F.C. in 2017–18 I-League 2nd Division. Chaturvedi joined Quartz S.C. for the 2018–19 season and also was runner-up in the tournament in his debut with the Club.
Poland
In April 2022, it was confirmed that Chaturvedi joined Polish fifth division (IV liga) club MLKS Włodawianka Włodawa.
Later in August 2022, he joined another Polish club Spółdzielca Siedliszcze, that competes in the V liga and based in Chełm district. He scored his first goal for the club on 21 August against Unia Rejowiec in their 4-1 defeat.
Awards
In 2012, Aayushmaan won Scholarship for Brooke House Football Academy (Leicestershire, England).
I-League Winner with Mohun Bagan A.C. in 2014–15.
Honours
Mohun Bagan
I-League: 2014–15
See also
List of Indian football players in foreign leagues
List of people from Delhi
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Delhi
I-League 2nd Division players
I-League players
India youth international footballers
Indian footballers
RoundGlass Punjab FC players
Mohun Bagan AC players
People from New Delhi
Sudeva Delhi FC players
George Telegraph S.C. players
Calcutta Football League players
Indian expatriate footballers
Rebecca is a 1963 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Sathyan, Rajasri and B. S. Saroja.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan as Johny
Rajasree as Rebecca
Boban Kunchacko
Jijo
Bahadoor as Lazer
B. S. Saroja
Kottayam Chellappan as Mathew
Pala Thankam as Maria
S. J. Dev
Gangadharan Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films about Christianity
Robert Butler (September 25, 1943 – March 19, 2014) was a Postwar & Contemporary Artist best known for his portrayals of the woods and backwaters around Florida's Everglades. He was a member of the well-known African-American artist's group, The Highwaymen.
Early life
Butler was born in the small timber and farming community of Baxley, Georgia, on September 25, 1943. Raised by his mother, Annie Talifer Butler, who always took time to instill the principles of faith and compassion in her family, Butler considers his upbringing as "classically American."
In 1947, Butler moved to Okeechobee, Florida, where he later became intimately familiar with the woods and waters of the Florida Everglades, and especially Lake Okeechobee, that feature prominently in his paintings. Robert Butler's goal in his paintings was to preserve the nature around him which was easily accessible due to his location. The inspiration for the content of his paintings was drawn from those various landscapes.
His professional career began in 1968. In the early days, he often sold his paintings door-to-door or on the roadside. The term "Highwayman" which Butler helped to coin for his category of artist was given due to their method of producing paintings and then traveling along the highways of Florida to sell the paintings for a living. He honed his skills by creating upwards of one hundred paintings per year. Despite a lack of formal training, Robert developed his own style, which was exemplified by dramatically-lit portrayals of landscapes.
Butler was named a Knight by a member of the Royal Family of Ethiopia, namely Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie. The Imperial Order of the Star of Honor of the Ethiopian Empire, the order to which Butler was inducted, was created to honor both domestic and foreign individuals who had given exemplary service to the Ethiopian Empire.
Death
Sometime in his 40s Butler was diagnosed with diabetes; a disease which eventually contributed to his death while living at a nursing home in Lakeland, Florida. Butler died on March 19, 2014 at the age of 70.
Bibliography
2014 - Highwaymen Artists, An Untold Truth
See also
African American art
References
Notes
Robert Butler Highwaymen Art Authentication Reseach Services
Collection of Robert Butler paintings at Florida's Second District Court Of Appeal
Robert Butler (20th Century) at Ask Art - The Artists' Bluebook
Interior Landscape
SFCC Museum of Fine Arts and Culture
External links
RB Fine Arts
Robert Butler Highwaymen Art Authentication Reseach Services
illuministe du 21ème siècle, llc
Research Robert Butler, AskArt.Com-The Artists Bluebook-Worldwide Edition!
Highwaymen paintings lost in fire
Video about the Highwaymen by WMFE-TV
Robert Butler | Florida Highwaymen Paintings
American contemporary painters
Painters from Florida
Folk artists
People from Baxley, Georgia
2014 deaths
1943 births
People from Lakeland, Florida
Painters from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Okeechobee, Florida
African-American painters
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
de:Robert Butler
Karen Tebar (born 19 September 1964 in Ludwigsburg, Germany) is a German-born French Olympic dressage rider. Representing France, she has competed at two Olympic Games (in 2004 and 2016). Her current best Olympic result is 8th place in the team dressage competition in 2016 while her current best individual result is 21st place from 2004.
Tebar also competed at the 2006 World Equestrian Games and at four European Dressage Championships (in 2003, 2005, 2013 and 2015).
References
Living people
1964 births
French female equestrians
French dressage riders
Equestrians at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic equestrians of France
The Auster J/3 Atom was a 1940s British single-engined two-seat high-wing touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
History
The Atom was an attempt to create a lower-powered version of the J-2 Arrow. A modified Arrow was flown with a 65 hp Continental A65-12 engine and designated the J/3 Atom. Only the prototype, registered G-AHSY, (c/n 2250) was built as the aircraft was not developed further. Another example G-AJIJ (c/n 2401) was not completed.
The sole J/3 was dismantled at Rearsby in 1950 and was rebuilt to J/4 standard with a new registration G-AJYX and c/n 2941. It crashed near Melton Mowbray on 22 April 1951 after a pilotless take-off from Rearsby. The Continental A65 engine had been replaced by a 95 hp Blackburn Cirrus Minor II. This aircraft has since been deregistered by the CAA.
Specifications (J-3)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Auster net page 22 – History of G-AHSY
Auster net page 29 – History of G-AJYX
CAA history G-AHSY
CAA History G-AJYX
Aeroengine – Continental Engines
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1940s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1946
Marco Papa (16 March 1958 in Perugia, Umbria, Italy, – 9 September 1999 near Adro Italy) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. His most successful year was in 1990 when he finished in 13th place in the 500cc world championship aboard a Moto Club Perugia sponsored Honda NS500. Papa perished in a road accident in September 1999. A Turn was dedicated to him at Magione circuit near Perugia.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
External links
Official MotoGP website Marco Papa profile
References
1958 births
1999 deaths
Sportspeople from Perugia
Italian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
500cc World Championship riders
Road incident deaths in Italy
St Francis Girls' Secondary School is a Catholic secondary school for girls, located in Mbeya, Tanzania. The school is owned by the Catholic Church in Mbeya Archdiocese, and is run by the Sisters of St. Charles Borromeo.
St Francis Girls' Secondary School is one of the top-ranked schools in Tanzania, regularly performing well in Form Four Certificate of Secondary Education Examination results. Six out of the ten top Form Four students in 2019 were from St Francis, though its results had slipped slightly since the year before.
See also
Catholic Church in Tanzania
Education in Tanzania
List of schools in Tanzania
References
Girls' schools in Tanzania
Mbeya Region
Catholic secondary schools in Tanzania
Augustinian schools
The Acronauplia (, , "Inner Castle") is the oldest part of the city of Nafplion in Greece. Until the thirteenth century, it was a town on its own. The arrival of the Venetians and the Franks transformed it into part of the town fortifications. Later, part of it was used as a prison until the Greek government decided that the view provided from its location would benefit the local tourism and built a hotel complex which still stands there today.
References
Nafplion
Buildings and structures in Argolis
XM22 may refer to either:
Gravel mines, small mine
Stoner 63, a rifle
FC Dynamo Lviv is an amateur Ukrainian football club from Lviv, Lviv Oblast.
Created in 1940, the club for most of its history stayed amateur. In 1946 its best players joined FC Spartak Lviv. The club reached the semifinals in the 1998–99 Ukrainian Amateur Cup. In 1999-2002 the club played at the professional level in the Ukrainian Second League.
Notable players
Kazimierz Gorski
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
See also
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Lviv
Association football clubs established in 1940
1940 establishments in Ukraine
Manor Park is a residential area of the London Borough of Newham in east London, England. The area is bordered by Ilford to the east, Forest Gate to the west, Wanstead to the north, and East Ham to the south.
It was originally a part of the hundred of Becontree, and part of the historic county of Essex. Since 1965, Manor Park has been part of the London Borough of Newham, a local government district of Greater London. The area forms the majority of the London E12 postcode district.
History
The area known as Manor Park is not formally defined, but is more or less coterminous with the Ancient Parish of Little Ilford. Romford Road, the Roman Road from Aldgate to Colchester, is the main east–west route through the area. This well-established coaching route linking the city with the towns of Essex was, from 1721, maintained by the Middlesex and Essex turnpike trust. The principal local road ran south from the Romford Road and the northern end was known in the 18th century and later than White Post Lane (now known as High Street North), from a post standing at its junction with Romford Road. The 'White Post' appears to have stood on the site of the Earl of Essex Public House. A hamlet known as North End was located amongst fields that dominated this area.
By the middle of the next century the rural scene had begun to change as the railways started to spread outwards from London, followed by the development of estates of suburban houses. There were three railway stations close by - Forest Gate which first opened in 1840; Manor Park which opened in 1873 and Woodgrange Park which opened in 1894. Tramways operated along the Romford Road.
The beginnings of development along the south of Romford Road took place in 1867, especially close to the junction of High Street North and the site of the future Earl of Essex public house. Behind terraces of workers' houses was an animal charcoal works, an unpleasant and noxious manufacturing process involving the carcasses of dead horses. Animal charcoal was used as a filter, particularly in the sugar industry. As the area became more built up such trades disappeared and the charcoal works had gone by the 1890s, replaced by a Board School (Salisbury junior mixed and infants) which opened in 1893.
Apart from four pairs of small semi-detached agricultural workers' houses known as Ebor Cottages, the area to the north of Romford Road was ripe for development and the owners, the Gurney family, sold 110 acres of market garden land to Thomas Corbett in 1877. The Corbett family built the Woodgrange and Durham Road estates between 1877 and 1892. The Forest Gate Weekly recorded the attractiveness of the estate, it's having 'the three great essentials to the average city man of easy access, reasonable rentals and a first class local market.'
By the 1890s Forest Gate was an upmarket suburb for the aspiring middle class commuter, who could use the Eastern Counties Railway from Manor Park to travel to the city. The area around the junction of Manor Park and White Post Lane (later High Street North) became an important shopping and provisioning area for nearby residents who populated the new streets in the area. In 1898 1,129 houses, accommodating about 6000 inhabitants were built in Little Ilford on the site of the old Manor Farm.
Geography
Manor Park was part of the County Borough of East Ham, Essex, until 1965, when the Greater London county was formed. The area postcode is and it is part of London post town.
Transport
Romford Road, a stretch of the A118, runs for much of its length in both Newham and Redbridge, providing the main road route through Manor Park and linking the eastern districts with the city of London.
The main public transport link is the Elizabeth Line, which you can catch at Manor Park railway station. Trains to Liverpool Street station run every ten minutes. Nearby Woodgrange Park station is on the Barking to Gospel Oak line, popularly referred to at the Goblin, which is part of the London Overground network. Both stations are in Zone 3.
Durham Road Conservation Zone
The Durham Road Conservation Zone is a small late-Victorian development, built close to Manor Park station. It was designated a Conservation Area in 1984 to retain its original charm and character. Additional planning controls were introduced in 1998 to protect and enhance its special character. The area, popularly referred to as Manor Park Village, was originally developed in the 1880s on farmland that formed part of the Gurney estate. It was built by one builder to an overall plan, with a limited range of house styles giving the area a distinctive character and unity. The developers, the Corbett family, built several suburban estates including the adjacent Woodgrange Estate in Forest Gate.
Open Spaces
Manor Park's Itchycoo Park (officially Little Ilford Park) was made famous in a song by the Small Faces, whose lead singer Steve Marriott lived in the area.
Education
Manor Park is home to many primary schools, with Salisbury primary school, which opened in 1893, being accessible by the main Romford Road or High Street North.
Community resources
A number of council-run, charity-supported and independent community centres and education initiatives are active in the area:
The Froud Centre
Hathaway Community Centre (now closed)
Jack Cornwell Community Centre
London Tamil Sangam
Manor Park Community Centre
Manor Park Library
Trinity Community Centre
Sport
Manor Park also has an amateur football team called A.C. Manor Park playing in the AFL.
Notable people associated with Manor Park
Michael Blaney, World War II bomb disposal officer from Newry; died when a bomb he was trying to defuse exploded in Manor Park; Blaney Cresecent in East Ham is named after him; awarded the George Cross
Clive Burr, drummer with Iron Maiden, grew up in Manor Park
Jack Cornwell, teenage recipient of the Victoria Cross, grew up in Manor Park and is buried at the Manor Park Cemetery
Greer Garson, Oscar-winning film actress, born in Manor Park in 1904
Bobby George, darts player and pundit. Born in Manor Park, 1945.
Jimmy Greaves, footballer, born Manor Park in 1940.
Stanley Holloway, actor, born at 25 Albany Road (at which there is an English Heritage blue plaque erected in 2009)
Steve Marriott, lead singer and guitarist of Small Faces and Humble Pie, was born in Manor Park
Kele Okereke, lead singer of Bloc Party, is from Manor Park
Matt Taylor, space scientist, who landed the Rosetta spacecraft on a comet. Born in Manor Park, 1973.
References
External links
The Newham Story
The Newham Story Forum
The Techshop, StudioE12 and TradeSkills E12 homepages
Manor Park Village Community Website
Manor Park, London
Areas of London
Stratford, London
Austrocotesia is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about five described species in Austrocotesia, found in Oceania and the Neotropics.
Species
These five species belong to the genus Austrocotesia:
Austrocotesia croizati Valerio & Whitfield, 2005 (Colombia, Ecuador)
Austrocotesia delicata Austin & Dangerfield, 1992 (Australia, Papua New Guinea)
Austrocotesia exigua Austin & Dangerfield, 1992 (Papua New Guinea)
Austrocotesia paradoxa Austin & Dangerfield, 1992 (Papua New Guinea)
Austrocotesia renei Valerio & Whitfield, 2005 (Ecuador)
References
Microgastrinae
The Burly Bear Network was an American cable TV channel targeted at 18- to 24-year-old college students founded in 1994. The company was created by four friends from Connecticut, Danny Stein, Brian Nurenberg, Danny Ameri and James Mairs and led by CEO Stein. Programming was offered on some university TV stations, including Arizona State University, Louisiana State University, Ball State University, Iowa State University, Northern Kentucky University, Purdue University, the University of Dayton, the University of Missouri, Berry College, Michigan State University, and Indiana University East in Richmond, as well as late nights on TBS.
The Network was a privately held company, under CEO Danny Stein, who ran the company while Ameri and Mairs led production and Nurenberg led distribution. The Company become the premier college entertainment television network, ultimately passing 8 million college students at hundreds of colleges and universities in the United States. The network also included an events business that brought its branded entertainment to campuses and through online exploits at the dawn of the commercial internet boom.
Stein led a sale to Lorne Michael's Broadway Video in May 1997, and then departed in 1999 after the company was integrated into Broadway Video. Howard Handler, was hired in 1999 as CEO with Ted Jessup as the head of programming. In September 2002, the company was bought by National Lampoon for an undisclosed amount. This sale corresponded to the end of programming on TBS.
Programs
Some programming included
Tame Show (Hosted by Jodi Lennon, celeb interviews, undercover camera, sketches)
Dave and Steve's Video Game Explosion
Kevin Spencer (both the original shorts and full length series)
Celebrity Highway
Half Baked (the #1 show on college TV as reported by Student Monitor)
Press Junky (off-beat celeb interviews & movie reviews)
Shuffle (a music magazine show)
Burlyvision (student and independent short films)
The Henry Brothers (subversive shorts)
Imposter (pranks and hidden cameras)
Overkill! (extreme sports)
Sexology (relationships)
Network Promos
The commercials and promo videos for the Burly Bear Network were created and produced by Mike Henry and Patrick Henry, whose other work included the FOX television series Family Guy, American Dad! and The Cleveland Show.
External links
Internet Movie Database listing
References
Defunct television networks in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 1994
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2002
1994 establishments in the United States
2002 disestablishments in the United States
The Corbières Massif (Catalan: Corberes; , ) is a mountain range in the Pre-Pyrenees. It is the only true foothill of the Pyrenees on their northern side.
Geography
The Corbières are a mountain region in the Languedoc-Roussillon in southeastern France, located in the departements of Aude and Pyrénées-Orientales.
The river Aude borders the Corbières to the west and north, and the river Agly more or less to the south. The eastern border is the Mediterranean Sea. The eastern part of the Corbières bordering the Mediterranean and the Etangs is also known as the Corbières Maritimes, and has a special kind of climate and typical vegetation (thermo-mediterranean vegetation) which cannot be found in the western part.
The highest point of the Corbières is the 1,230 m high Pic de Bugarach.
See also
Geology of the Pyrenees
Pre-Pyrenees
References
Landforms of Aude
Landforms of Pyrénées-Orientales
Pre-Pyrenees
Mountain ranges of Occitania (administrative region)
The Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of Great Britain and the Commonwealth is the senior rabbi of the United Synagogue, a union of British Orthodox Jewish synagogues.
As of 2013, the chief rabbi is Ephraim Mirvis.
See also
Chief Rabbi
British Jews
List of Chief Rabbis of the United Hebrew Congregations
References
External links
Office of the Chief Rabbi (OCR)
Jewish British history
British rabbis
Chief rabbis of the United Kingdom
1704 establishments in the British Empire
Spix's spinetail (Synallaxis spixi), also known as the Chicli spinetail, is a bird in the ovenbird family. It is found in Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay. The common name commemorates the German naturalist Johann Baptist von Spix (1782-1826).
Description
It has a dark throat patch and a contrasting rufous crown and wings. The tail structure is also typical of the genus, being long and steeply graduated, with sharply pointed individual feathers, the central pair thinning towards the tip.
Breeding
The nest is cylindrical in shape, with a long lateral entrance tube. It is made from thorny sticks, has a dense roof to provide protection from rain, and is lined with leaves, moss and hair.
References
Spix's spinetail
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
Spix's spinetail
Spix's spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Greg Nelson is a make-up artist who was nominated at the 62nd Academy Awards in the category of Best Makeup for his work on the film Dad. He shared his nomination with Ken Diaz and Dick Smith.
In addition he has won a couple Emmy's, including one for Star Trek: Voyager.
Selected filmography
Ratboy (1986)
Harry and the Hendersons (1987)
Dad (1989)
The Rocketeer (1991)
Batman Returns (1992)
Death Becomes Her (1992)
Toys (1992)
Stargate (1994)
Wolf (1994)
The X-Files: Fight the Future (1998)
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)
A.I. Artificial Intelligence (2001)
The Time Machine (2002)
The Last Samurai (2003)
The Aviator (2004)
Tropic Thunder (2008)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Make-up artists
Emmy Award winners
Cyphura is a genus of moths in the family Uraniidae. The genus was erected by William Warren in 1902.
Distribution
The genus includes primarily nocturnal or crepuscular moths that are found in the Australasian tropical areas. Species have a generally pale or nearly-white colouration with brown or dark patterns.
The larvae live in webbing of the host plant.
Species
Cyphura albisecta Warren
Cyphura approximans Swinhoe, 1916
Cyphura atramentaria Warren
Cyphura bifasciata Butler, 1879
Cyphura catenulata Warren, 1902
Cyphura caudiferaria Boisduval
Cyphura clarissima Butler
Cyphura costalis Butler
Cyphura dealbata Warren
Cyphura destrigata Kirsch
Cyphura extensa Rothschild
Cyphura falka Swinhoe
Cyphura geminia (Cramer, 1777) (Ambon Island)
Cyphura gutturalis Swinhoe, 1916
Cyphura latimarginata Swinhoe, 1902
Cyphura maxima Strand
Cyphura multistrigaria Warren
Cyphura mundaria Walker
Cyphura pannata Felder
Cyphura pardata Warren
Cyphura phantasma Felder
Cyphura pieridaria Warren, 1902
Cyphura reducta Joicey & Talbot
Cyphura semialba Warren
Cyphura semiobsoleta Warren
Cyphura subsimilis Warren, 1902
Cyphura swinhoei Joicey, 1917
Cyphura urapteroides Joicey
References
External links
Uraniidae - Yale University
Uraniidae
Richard McNally is a Professor and Director of Clinical Training at Harvard University's Department of Psychology. As a clinical psychologist and experimental psycho-pathologist, he studies anxiety disorders and related syndromes, such as post-traumatic stress disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and complicated grief.
Biography
Richard J. McNally was born April 17, 1954, in Detroit, Michigan. McNally attended Edsel Ford High School and graduated in 1972. After graduating, he pursued a degree in journalism at Henry Ford Community College in Dearborn, Michigan. He later transferred to Wayne State University in his hometown of Detroit to study psychology.
He received his B.S. in psychology from Wayne State University in 1976, and his Ph.D. in clinical psychology from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1982. While studying, he was mentored by Steven Reiss.
McNally received his clinical internship and postdoctoral fellowship at Temple University's Behavioral Therapy Unit. His clinical and research mentor was fellow University of Illinois alumni Edna B. Foa. He also received clinical supervision from Ford fellowship recipient Joseph Wolpe. In 1984, he was appointed as an assistant professor in the Department of Psychology at the University of Health Sciences/The Chicago Medical School, where he established the Anxiety Disorders Clinic and directed the university counseling center. In 1991, he took a new position at the Department of Psychology of Harvard University, where he currently serves as a Professor and Director of Clinical Training.
McNally is a licensed clinical psychologist, a Fellow of the Association for Psychological Science and the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies, winner of the 2005 Distinguished Scientist Award from the Society for the Science of Clinical Psychology, and the winner of the 2010 Outstanding Mentor Award from the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies.
He has been an associate editor for the journal Behavior Therapy, and has served on the editorial boards of the Clinical Psychology Review, Journal of Anxiety Disorders, Behavior Research and Therapy, Journal of Abnormal Psychology, and Psychological Science. He also served on the specific phobia and post-traumatic stress disorder committees of the DSM-IV task force. McNally is on the Institute for Scientific Information's “Highly Cited” list for psychology and psychiatry (top 0.5% of authors worldwide in terms of citation impact).
He has over 430 publications, most concerning anxiety disorders, including the books: Panic Disorder: A Critical Analysis(1994), Remembering Trauma(2003), and What is Mental Illness?(2011). He has also conducted laboratory studies concerning cognitive functioning in adults reporting histories of childhood sexual abuse (including those reporting recovered memories of abuse). Based upon his research on the controversial topic of recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse in adulthood, he concluded that there is no scientifically convincing evidence that people can repress or dissociate memories of truly traumatic events that they have experienced. A recent research emphasis is the application of network analysis to the understanding of psychopathology.
Research
McNally's early research revolved much around psycho-physiological experiments involving Pavlovian fear conditioning tests of the preparedness theory of phobias. This work fostered the reformulation of central ideas concerning the evolutionary background of specific phobias.
A second early emphasis concerned conceptual, empirical, and psychometric work on the Anxiety Sensitivity Index (ASI), a dispositional measure of the fear of anxiety-related symptoms. Anxiety sensitivity is a risk factor for panic disorder and related syndromes.
McNally was among the first investigators to apply information-processing paradigms to elucidate biases in attention, memory, and interpretation in patients with panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and PTSD. More recent work concerns social anxiety disorder and complicated grief, including experiments designed to attenuate cognitive biases in people with social anxiety.
Other publications on various controversies concern the epidemiology of PTSD, psychological debriefing following trauma recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse, cognitive and psychophysiology studies on people reporting having been abducted by space aliens or claiming to have memories from their “past lives”, and research on the emotional impact of “trigger warnings” akin to those increasingly common in academia.
Current research includes network analytic studies on psychopathology, including PTSD, OCD, social anxiety disorder, complicated grief, rumination, and post-traumatic growth.
Publications
McNally, R. J., & Reiss, S. (1984). The preparedness theory of phobias: The effects of initial fear level on safety-signal conditioning to fear-relevant stimuli. Psychophysiology, 21, 647–652.
McNally, R. J. (1987). Preparedness and phobias: A review. Psychological Bulletin, 101, 283–303.
McNally, R. J. (2016). The legacy of Seligman's (1971) Phobias and Preparedness. Behavior Therapy, 47, 585–594.
Reiss, S., & McNally, R. J. (1985). Expectancy model of fear. In S. Reiss & R. R. Bootzin (Eds.) Theoretical issues in behavior therapy, (pp. 107–121). New York: Academic Press.
Reiss, S., Peterson, R. A., Gursky, D. M., & McNally, R. J. (1986). Anxiety sensitivity, anxiety frequency and the prediction of fearfulness. Behaviour Research and Therapy, 24, 1–8.
McNally, R. J., & Eke, M. (1996). Anxiety sensitivity, suffocation fear, and breath-holding duration as predictors of response to carbon dioxide challenge. Journal of Abnormal Psychology, 105, 146–149.
McNally, R. J. (2002). Anxiety sensitivity and panic disorder. Biological Psychiatry, 52, 938–946.
McNally, R. J., Foa, E. B., & Donnell, C. D. (1989). Memory bias for anxiety information in patients with panic disorder. Cognition and Emotion, 3, 27–44.
Foa, E. B., & McNally, R. J. (1986). Sensitivity to feared stimuli in obsessive-compulsives: A dichotic listening analysis. Cognitive Therapy and Research, 10, 477–485.
McNally, R. J., Kaspi, S. P., Riemann, B. C., & Zeitlin, S. B. (1990). Selective processing of threat cues in posttraumatic stress disorder. Journal of Abnormal Psychology, 99, 398–402.
Hezel, D. M., & McNally, R. J. (2014). Theory of mind: Impairments in social anxiety disorder. Behavior Therapy, 45, 530–540.
Robinaugh, D. J., & McNally, R. J. (2013). Remembering the past and envisioning the future in bereaved adults with and without complicated grief. Clinical Psychological Science, 1, 290–300.
McNally, R. J., Enock, P. E., Tsai, C., & Tousian, M. (2013). Attention bias modification for reducing speech anxiety. Behaviour Research and Therapy, 51, 882–888.
Enock, P. M., Hofmann, S. G., & McNally, R. J. (2014). Attention bias modification training via smartphone to reduce social anxiety: A randomized, controlled, multi-session experiment. Cognitive Therapy and Research, 38, 200–216.
McNally, R. J. (2007). Revisiting Dohrenwend et al.'s revisit of the National Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Study. Journal of Traumatic Stress, 20, 481–486.
McNally, R. J. (2012). Are we winning the war against posttraumatic stress disorder? Science, 336, 872–874.
McNally, R. J., & Frueh, B. C. (2013). Why are Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans seeking PTSD disability compensation at unprecedented rates? Journal of Anxiety Disorders, 27, 520–526.
McNally, R. J., Bryant, R. A., & Ehlers, A. (2003). Does early psychological intervention promote recovery from posttraumatic stress? Psychological Science in the Public Interest, 4, 45–79.
McNally, R. J., Clancy, S. A., Barrett, H. M., & Parker, H. A. (2004). Inhibiting retrieval of trauma cues in adults reporting histories of childhood sexual abuse. Cognition and Emotion, 18, 479–493.
McNally, R. J., Ristuccia, C. S., & Perlman, C. A. (2005). Forgetting of trauma cues in adults reporting continuous or recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse. Psychological Science, 16, 336–340.
Clancy, S. A., McNally, R. J., Schacter, D. L., Lenzenweger, M. F., & Pitman, R. K. (2002). Memory distortion in people reporting abduction by aliens. Journal of Abnormal Psychology, 111, 455–461.
McNally, R. J., Lasko, N. B., Clancy, S. A., Macklin, M. L., Pitman, R. K., & Orr, S. P. (2004). Psychophysiological responding during script-driven imagery in people reporting abduction by space aliens. Psychological Science, 15, 493–497.
Meyersburg, C. A., Carson, S. H. Mathis, M. B., & McNally, R. J. (2014). Creative histories: Memories of past lives and measures of creativity. Psychology of Consciousness: Theory, Research, and Practice, 1, 70–81.
McNally, R. J. (2014). Hazards ahead: Five studies you should read before you deploy a trigger warning. Pacific Standard: The Science of Society, 7(4), 16–17.
Bellet, B. W., Jones, P. J., & McNally, R. J. (2018). Trigger warning: Empirical evidence ahead. Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry, 61, 134–141.
McNally, R. J. (2016). Can network analysis transform psychopathology? Behaviour Research and Therapy, 86, 95–104.
McNally, R. J., Robinaugh, D. J., Wu, G. W. Y., Wang, L., Deserno, M., & Borsboom, D. (2015). Mental disorders as causal systems: A network approach to posttraumatic stress disorder. Clinical Psychological Science, 3, 836–849.
McNally, R. J., Mair, P., Mugno, B. L., & Riemann, B. C. (2017). Comorbid obsessive-compulsive disorder and depression: A Bayesian network approach. Psychological Medicine, 47, 1204–1214.
Heeren, A., Jones, P. J., & McNally, R. J. (2018). Mapping network connectivity among symptoms of social anxiety disorder and comorbid depression in people with social anxiety disorder. Journal of Affective Disorders, 228, 75–82.
Robinaugh, D. J., LeBlanc, N. J., Vuletich, H. A., & McNally, R. J. (2014). Network analysis of persistent complex bereavement disorder in conjugally bereaved adults. Journal of Abnormal Psychology, 123, 510–522.
Bernstein, E. E., Heeren, A., & McNally, R. J. (2017). Unpacking rumination and executive control: A network perspective. Clinical Psychological Science, 5, 816–826.
Bellet, B. W., Jones, P. J., Neimeyer, R. A., & McNally, R. J. (2018). Bereavement outcomes as causal systems: A network analysis of the co-occurrence of complicated grief and posttraumatic growth. Clinical Psychological Science, 6, 797-809.
Books
Panic Disorder: A Critical Analysis. McNally RJ (1994). New York: Guilford Press.
Remembering trauma. McNally RJ (2003). Cambridge, MA: Belknap Press/Harvard University Press.
What is mental illness?. McNally RJ (2011). Cambridge, MA: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.
References
External links
http://mcnallylab.com/index.php
Harvard University faculty
20th-century American psychologists
Cognitive scientists
1954 births
Living people
21st-century American psychologists
USS Flint (AE-32/T-AE-32) is a of the United States Navy, and was named after the sparking rock flint (not, as is commonly thought, the city of Flint, Michigan). Flint was constructed at the Ingalls Nuclear Shipbuilding Division, Litton Industries, Inc., Pascagoula, Mississippi. The ship was delivered to the United States Navy at Charleston, South Carolina, on 30 August 1971.
Design
Flint is capable of underway replenishment at a sustained speed of 20 knots, which enables her to keep pace with fast-moving naval task forces. Her modern transfer-at-sea facilities included the capability of utilizing two CH-46 Sea Knight helicopters for vertical replenishment (VERTREP). Normal alongside methods were improved by the installation of a ram tension wire system called STREAM – Standard Tensioned Replenishment Alongside Method. Flint's holds were specifically configured for ease of handling, loading and stowing of missiles, rocket boosters, and all types of munitions required by the Fleet. Flint is capable of providing living accommodations for more than 400 men and women.
Several new design innovations were incorporated in Flint, including a bulbous bow for better streamlined hull. Another innovation was the APS (Automated Propulsion System) essentially a central console in an air conditioned space in the engine room which gives automatic readings of the performance of the engineering plant and allowed the bridge to directly control the engines.
Service history
USS Flint was commissioned following extensive sea trials. The ship then made a transit through the Panama Canal to its home port of Naval Weapons Station, Concord, California.
Flint made its first Western Pacific (WestPac) deployment in fall of 1972. It participated in numerous underway replenishment activities with ships of the US 7th Fleet in support of military operations off the coast of Vietnam including resupply of gunline destroyers and aircraft carriers participating in Operation Linebacker and Operation Linebacker II. Its helicopter detachment flew hundreds of sorties ferrying munitions to US naval ships in the operational theatre.
In subsequent deployments in 1973–1974 and 1974–1975, Flint was assigned to naval forces in the Gulf of Aden in support of operations monitoring the Yom Kippur War, the Vietnam evacuation task force (Operation Frequent Wind) and rescue forces involved in the Mayagüez incident.
Flint served as ammunition supply ship during operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 1990 to 1992. A 22-year-old machinist mate lost his life tragically while on board in October 1993. It is the only known death occurring while doing weapons elevator maintenance.
Flint completed 15 deployments to the western Pacific and received recognition for the dramatic 1978 rescue of 86 fishermen shipwrecked near Palawan Island, Philippines, during a typhoon.
Decommissioning and transfer
Flint was decommissioned at Naval Air Station Alameda, California, on 4 August 1995 after more than 23 years of service. The ship was transferred to the Military Sealift Command, at which time it became known as the USNS Flint (T-AE-32).
Under the Military Sealift Command, Flint operated with a smaller civilian crew operating the ship's major systems and a smaller Navy detachment responsible for communications and operational coordination. As an MSC asset, Flint participated in additional deployments to the Western Pacific and Persian Gulf.
References
External links
Kilauea-class ammunition ships
Ships built in Pascagoula, Mississippi
1970 ships
Arianne Sutner is an American film producer and animator, best known for producing the stop-motion animated film Kubo and the Two Strings. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at both the 89th Academy Awards and the 92nd Academy Awards.
Filmography
As a producer
Missing Link (producer) (2019)
Kubo and the Two Strings (producer) (2016)
ParaNorman (producer) (2012)
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (animation producer - uncredited) (2004)
The Pigeon and the Onion Pie (Short) (producer) (2004)
Phantom Investigators (TV Series) (line producer - 4 episodes) (2002)
KaBlam! (TV Series) (line producer - 17 episodes) (1998-2000)
Life with Loopy Birthday Gala-Bration (TV Movie) (line producer) (1998)
Other Credits
Lodgers (Short) (special thanks) (2016)
The Big Day Off (Short) (assistant director) (1998)
James and the Giant Peach (apprentice editor) / (editorial coordinator) (1996)
Runaway Brain (Short) (assistant production manager: editorial) (1995)
The Nightmare Before Christmas (story artist - uncredited) (1993)
Awards and nominations
2019: Academy Award for Best Animated Feature - Missing Link (nom)
2019: Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film - Missing Link (won)
2019: Producers Guild of America Award for Best Animated Motion Picture - Missing Link (nom)
2016: Academy Award for Best Animated Feature - Kubo and the Two Strings (nom)
2016: BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film - Kubo and the Two Strings (won)
2016: Producers Guild of America Award for Best Animated Motion Picture - Kubo and the Two Strings (nom)
2016: Visual Effects Society Award for Outstanding Animation in an Animated Feature Motion Picture - Kubo and the Two Strings (won)
2012: GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Film – Wide Release - ParaNorman (nom)
2012: Producers Guild of America Award for Best Animated Motion Picture - ParaNorman (nom)
References
External links
Living people
American animated film producers
American film producers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Laika (company) people
Dor Badam (, also Romanized as Dor Bādām and Durb Ādam) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 286, in 70 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta leadership election, 2011 was prompted by Ed Stelmach's announcement that he would not be seeking re-election in the 28th general election and therefore would be resigning as leader of the Progressive Conservatives. With the Progressive Conservatives forming the Alberta government, the winner of the election consequently became Premier of Alberta.
Stelmach provided official notice of resignation on May 27, 2011. The PC Association then announced the timeline of the election, with the nomination deadline on July 15, and the first ballot on September 17. As no candidate had over 50% of the vote, the second ballot, with the top three candidates, took place on October 1, 2011. Upon no candidate receiving over 50% on that ballot, the second preference votes were added, and Alison Redford was declared the leader, after Gary Mar received the most votes on the first and second ballots.
Declared candidates
Doug Griffiths
MLA for Battle River-Wainwright since 2002.
Support from caucus members: 2 Doug Griffiths, Kyle Fawcett
Support from outside caucus:
Date campaign launched: February 16, 2011
Doug Horner
MLA for Spruce Grove-Sturgeon-St. Albert since 2001. Served in the cabinet from 2004 to 2011.
Support from caucus members: 14 Doug Horner, Ray Danyluk, Hector Goudreau, Jack Hayden, Frank Oberle, Jr., Luke Ouellette, Lindsay Blackett, Jeff Johnson, Wayne Drysdale, Dave Quest, Diana McQueen, Ken Kowalski, Len Mitzel, Pearl Calahasen
Additional supporters from caucus after first ballot: Carl Benito, Don Getty
Date campaign launched: February 4, 2011
Gary Mar
MLA from 1993 to 2007. Served in the cabinet from 1993 to 2006. Alberta representative in Washington, D.C. from 2007 to 2011.
Support from caucus members: 27 Iris Evans, Cindy Ady, Lloyd Snelgrove, Thomas Lukaszuk, Ron Liepert, Heather Klimchuk, Rob Renner, Mary Anne Jablonski, Verlyn Olson, George Rogers, Yvonne Fritz, Moe Amery, Len Webber, Teresa Woo-Paw, Neil Brown, Broyce Jacobs, Naresh Bhardwaj, Fred Horne, Dave Hancock, Mel Knight, Ray Prins, Barry McFarland, Richard Marz, Ty Lund, Arno Doerksen, George VanderBurg, Alana DeLong
Additional supporters from caucus after first ballot: Ted Morton, Doug Griffiths, Jonathan Denis, Ken Allred, Evan Berger, Manmeet Bhullar, George Groeneveld
Support from outside caucus: Gary Mar, Lorne Taylor, Ralph Klein, Danny Williams, Steve West, Rick Orman
Date campaign launched: March 16, 2011
Ted Morton
MLA for Foothills-Rocky View since 2004. Served in the cabinet from 2006 to 2011. Third place finisher in the 2006 leadership race.
Support from caucus members: 11 Ted Morton, Ken Allred, David Xiao, Doug Elniski, Carl Benito, Tony Vandermeer, Peter Sandhu, Jonathan Denis, Dave Rodney, Evan Berger, George Groeneveld.
Support from outside caucus:
Date campaign launched: January 25, 2011
Rick Orman
MLA for Calgary Montrose from 1986 to 1993. Minister of Career Development and Employment from 1986 to 1988. Minister of Labour from 1988 to 1989. Minister of Energy from 1989 to 1992.
Support from caucus members:
Support from outside caucus: Rick Orman
Date campaign launched: May 11, 2011
Alison Redford
MLA for Calgary-Elbow since 2008 and minister of justice from 2008 to 2011.
Support from caucus members: 2 Alison Redford, Art Johnston
Additional support from caucus after first ballot: Doug Elniski, Dave Rodney, David Xiao, Kyle Fawcett
Support from outside caucus:
Date campaign launched: February 16, 2011
Results
First ballot
The first ballot was on September 17, 2011.
Two days following the first ballot, Morton and Orman decided to endorse Mar. Griffiths followed the next day.
Second ballot
A preferential ballot was cast on October 1, 2011. Because no candidate received more than 50% of the vote on the first count, the third-place finisher was dropped, and the second preference votes cast on Horner's ballots were counted and added to the remaining candidate's totals. Mar led after the first round, and Horner was eliminated. After second preferences were applied, Redford was declared the winner.
See also
2011 Alberta Liberal Party leadership election
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta leadership elections
Works cited
References
Bibliography
External links
Doug Griffiths Leadership Website
Doug Horner Leadership Website
Gary Mar Leadership Website
Ted Morton Leadership Website
Rick Orman Leadership Website
Alison Redford Leadership Website
2011
2011 elections in Canada
2011 in Alberta
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta leadership election
The 1978 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs were not invited to a bowl game despite being eligible. After the season, head coach Bob Tyler resigned.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Tulio Antonio Febres-Cordero Troconis (May 31, 1860 – June 3, 1938) was a Venezuelan writer, historian, university professor and journalist.
As a topographer, he developed the technique imagotipia (1885), or art to represent images with typefaces. He taught "Universal history" at the University of the Andes and made a fundamental contribution to the intellectual culture of Venezuela, by studying the history of Mérida.
References
1869 births
1938 deaths
People from Mérida, Mérida
Topographers
University of the Andes (Venezuela) faculty
20th-century Venezuelan historians
Venezuelan journalists
Venezuelan male writers
19th-century Venezuelan historians
Graziella is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Graziella Concas (born 1970), Italian pianist and composer
Graziella Curreli (born 1960), French sculptor working in the Netherlands
Graziella de Michele (born 1956), French singer-songwriter of Italian descent
Graziella Fontana ( 1965–1972), Italian fashion designer
Graziella Galvani (born 1931), Italian stage, television and film actress
Graziella Granata (born 1941), Italian film and stage actress
Graziella Magherini ( 1989), Italian psychiatrist
Graziella Marok-Wachter (born 1965), Liechtenstein politician
Graziella Moretto (born 1972), Brazilian actress
Graziella Pareto (1889–1973), Catalan soprano leggiero
Graziella Pellegrini (born 1961), Italian stem cell biologist
Graziella Schmitt (born 1981), Brazilian actress
Graziella Sciutti (1927–2001), Italian soprano opera singer and producer
See also
Grace (given name)
Italian feminine given names
Max Karli is a Swiss film producer, best known for producing critically acclaimed film My Life as a Courgette, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature at the 89th Academy Awards, losing to Zootopia.
Filmography
As a producer
2016 My Life as a Zucchini (producer)
2015 Victoria (Short) (producer)
2015 Dirty Gold War (Documentary) (producer)
2014 The Price of Fame (co-producer)
2013 The Bakery (Short) (producer)
2013 Salvation Army (co-producer)
2013 Longwave (producer)
2013 A Better World (Short) (co-producer)
2012 En direct de notre passé (TV Series) (co-producer - 1 episode)
2012 Déposer les enfants (Short) (producer)
2012 Madame W (Short) (producer)
2012 The Social Contract (Short) (producer)
2012 Les cheveux courts, ronde, petite taille (Documentary short) (producer)
2012 Human Race 3D (Short) (producer)
2012 Goal (Short) (producer)
2012 Détours (Documentary short) (producer)
2012 Menuet (Short) (producer)
2012 Dans ma peau ou Les principes secrets (Short) (producer)
2012 Émile de 1 à 5 (Short) (producer)
2011 T'es pas la seule! (TV Series) (producer - 20 episodes)
2010 Maman (Short) (producer)
2010 System Error (Documentary) (producer)
2009 Déchaînées (TV Movie) (producer)
2009 Tabou (Documentary) (co-producer)
2009 Armes fatales (TV Movie documentary) (producer)
2008 La touche (Short) (producer)
2008 Heidi, 15 (TV Series) (co-producer)
2006 Ceci est mon royaume (TV Movie documentary) (producer)
2006 La vraie vie est ailleurs (producer)
2004 Promis juré (Short) (producer)
2004 Les petites visions (Documentary short) (producer)
Other credits
2003 Skinhead Attitude (Documentary) (first assistant director)
2004 Paul s'en va (editor)
2012 Operation Libertad (supervising editor)
Awards and nominations
2011: Monte-Carlo TV Festival - T'es pas la seule!
Outstanding International Producer - Comedy Series
Outstanding European Producer - Comedy Series
2016: Academy Award for Best Animated Feature - My Life as a Zucchini
References
External links
Swiss film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vanguard SLV-5, also called Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-Five hoped to be the third successful flight of the American Vanguard rocket following the successful Vanguard 2 satellite on rocket Vanguard SLV-4.
Background
Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-5 (SLV-5) was designed to place two satellites in orbit, Vanguard 3A, a of diameter sphere (Sphere A) equipped with a magnetometer, and a of diameter aluminum-coated round inflatable sphere (Sphere B), containing no instrumentation, but an air density measurement device, for optical tracking. Launched in April 1959, the mission failed when the second stage failed to operate following first-stage separation. The satellites and third stage tumbled into the Atlantic Ocean several hundred kilometers off the coast after about 500 seconds of flight.
Launch vehicle
Vanguard was the designation used for both the launch vehicle and the satellite. The first stage of the three-stage Vanguard Test Vehicle was powered by a General Electric X-405 thrust liquid rocket engine, propelled by of kerosene (RP-1) and liquid oxygen, with helium pressurant. It also held of hydrogen peroxide. It was finless, tall, in diameter, and had a launch mass of approximately .
The second stage was a high, of diameter Aerojet General AJ-10 liquid engine burning Unsymmetrical dimethylhydrazine (UDMH) and White Inhibited Fuming Nitric Acid (WIFNA) with a helium pressurant tank. It produced a thrust of and had a launch mass of approximately . This stage contained the complete guidance and control system.
A solid-propellant rocket with of thrust (for 30 seconds burn time) was developed by the Grand Central Rocket Company to satisfy third-stage requirements. The stage was high, in diameter, and had a launch mass of . The thin steel casing for the third stage had a hemispherical forward dome with a shaft at the center to support the satellite and an aft dome fairing into a steel exit nozzle.
The total height of the vehicle with the satellite fairing was about . The payload capacity was to a Earth orbit. A nominal launch would have the first stage firing for 144 seconds, bringing the rocket to an altitude of , followed by the second stage burn of 120 seconds to , whereupon the third stage would bring the satellite to orbit. This was the same launch vehicle configuration, with minor modifications, as used for Vanguard TV-3 and all succeeding Vanguard flights up to and including Vanguard SLV-6.
Spacecraft
Magnetic Field Satellite
The primary objective of the Magnetic Field Satellite (Sphere A) was to determine the source of magnetic storms - to determine if they occur due to electric currents in the ionosphere or from currents at much greater distances. A secondary objective was to obtain data on the daily cycle of magnetic field variations, thus providing a highly accurate map of the Earth's main magnetic field in certain regions of space.
The Magnetic Field Satellite was a of diameter fiberglass sphere with a 6.2 cm (2.44 inch) of diameter fiberglass cylindrical boom protruding from the top, and a diameter magnesium cylinder protruding from the base. Four spring-actuated antennas were mounted to the satellites equator, equally spaced. All antennas were in diameter at the base and at the tip. The interior of the satellite held a cylindrical magnesium container with two pressure-tight compartments. The lower compartment held the batteries, and the upper compartment held the magnetometer electronics, an 80 milliwatt telemetry transmitter operating at 108.3 MHz, a 10 milliwatt Minitrack beacon transmitter at 108.00 MHz, and a command receiver. The magnetometer was a proton precessional magnetometer. The magnetometer sensing unit was mounted in the outer end of the fiberglass boom. The design of the satellite required non-magnetic materials, including special batteries.
Sub-Satellite
The Sub-Satellite (Sphere B) objective was to provide data on air density in the outer limits of the atmosphere of Earth. A later version of the Magnetic Field Satellite was successfully launched as Vanguard 3 (1959 Eta 1).
The Sub-Satellite was stored, uninflated, in a fiberglass container beneath the Magnetic Field Satellite, along with a small tank containing nitrogen at a pressure of . On separation of the Magnetic Field Satellite, a preset latch would release the gas into the Sub-Satellite, inflating it and pushing it free of the spent third stage. Upon inflation, the Sub-Satellite would be a 76.2 cm (30 inch) diameter aluminum-coated mylar balloon. It contained no instrumentation and was designed to be optically tracked from Earth to provide data on the density of the upper atmosphere by measuring its effect on the satellite orbit.
Launch
Vanguard SLV-5 launched on 14 April 1959 at 02:49:46 GMT (09:49:46 p.m. EST, 13 April 1959), from Launch Complex 18A (LC-18A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS). At separation of the first stage 142.0 seconds after launch, caused the second stage engine to ignite while still attached to the first stage. Pressure from the engine exhaust pushed the thrust chamber to the limit of the gimbal stops, breaking them and causing loss of attitude control in flight. The pitch-attitude control of the second stage was lost due to large side forces acting on the second stage exhaust nozzle caused by back pressure built up in the interstage compartment. The third stage and satellites were thrown from the tumbling second stage. The second stage tumbled and the resultant forces caused a premature separation of the third stage and payload. Data was received from them until impact into the Atlantic Ocean eight minutes after liftoff.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L. The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1959
Project Vanguard
Satellite launch failures
Space accidents and incidents in the United States
Keys Point () is a projecting point of land at McDonald Beach, northwest of Inclusion Hill in northwestern Ross Island, Antarctica. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, it was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after John R. Keys, a New Zealand geochemist who worked for several seasons during the 1970s and 1980s under the auspices of the New Zealand Antarctic Programme and the United States Antarctic Research Program on investigations as to the origin of salts in the McMurdo Sound area, the Mount Erebus volcano, and the quantity, shapes, and sizes of icebergs in the Antarctic marine environment.
References
Headlands of Ross Island
The Australian Effects & Animation Festival (AEAF) is an annual international festival of visual effects (VFX), animation games and immersive media. The event, which includes an awards ceremony known as the AEAF Awards, a program of speakers, and technology showcase, is streamed live. The inaugural event was in 2000.
Awards
The AEAF Awards are given in a ceremony held in Sydney, New South Wales. There is no charge for entry to the competition. , gold, silver and bronze awards are given in the following categories:
Commercials, animation
Commercials, VFX
Feature films, animation
Feature Films, VFX
Web Viral
Titles & Openers for TV and Feature Film
Idents
Short film
TV series and TV series children
Music video
TV student
Games cinematics
Education & infographics
Live event
Augmented reality
VR360
VR Experience
Special Merit Awards may be given "to works of outstanding merit that push the boundaries of visual artistry and introduce new techniques".
2019
In 2019, the awards ceremony was held at the Chauvel Cinema in Paddington.
2021
Winners included:
Godzilla vs. Kong, Weta Digital, Gold, for Feature Film – VFX
Jingle Jangle: A Christmas Journey, Framestore, Gold, for Feature Film – Sequence
His Dark Materials Series 2, Framestore Gold, for TV Series
References
External links
AEAF Awards on IMDb
21st-century awards
Art awards in Australia
2001 establishments
Australian film awards
Endless Winter is a 2020 crossover event in DC Comics publications. Written by Andy Lanning and Ron Marz, the story follows the Frost King's efforts to cause an eternal global winter and the Justice League's efforts to stop him. The story appeared in nine issues spread across five comic titles published over five weeks in December 2020.
Publication history
DC first announced the storyline in July 2020. Initially planned to last two months as part of a major relaunch/rebranding effort by the publisher, by September it had been compressed to a five-week event. DC further advertised the story in a special 6-page section of their comics released on November 17.
The crossover was spread across nine issues of various comic book titles, beginning and ending with the two-issue limited series titled Justice League: Endless Winter. Additional chapters appeared in issues of the ongoing series Flash, Aquaman, Justice League, and Justice League Dark and in three one-shot specials focused on the characters of Superman, Teen Titans, and Black Adam. The comics were all released between December 1 and 29, 2020.
At a panel discussion during the October 2020 New York Comic Con, writer Ron Marz said the story came together around "Justice League Viking", a 10th-century version of the modern superhero team.
Plot
In the distant past, there was man name Edwald Olaffson who developed ice powers after saving his son from a polar bear attack in Greenland in the 10th century. Edwald was a metahuman who initially used his powers for good, however, not knowing how to control his powers, he accidentally brought cold weather which caused famine and less exposure to the sun which caused his villagers to mistrust him and be angered. The villagers tried attacking Edwald but he fought back. During the chaos, his son was killed and Edwald grew angry to the point where his village was completely encased in ice and became a being known as the Frost King. In the 10th Century, Hippolyta, Swamp Thing, and the Viking Prince had freed Black Adam in the past to deal with the Frost King when his magic nearly destroyed the world. Black Adam found out Frost King's true identity and used his family as bait to distract the Frost King, but the Frost King accidentally kills his family and escaped Hippolyta to go in hiding. The Justice League (Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter, and Aquaman) thwarts a villainous plan devised by Multiplex, Icicle, and Catman to rob a bank. Meanwhile in Greenland, Simon Stagg's son Sebastian Stagg discovers a new ice strain which can achieve cold fusion. The workers on the Snow Crawler inform Sebastian that a great storm is going to hit them in an hour and he orders them to pick up the pace despite their reluctance. Flash and Superman talk about their personal lives, specifically Iris West, Superman's son and public identity while running over the Atlantic Ocean. Superman has to leave to go to Sri Lanka because there's trouble, and Flash goes talk to Black Lightning in Metropolis to talk about how Black Lightning balances his superhero life with family. Meanwhile, Sebastian Stagg's workers get attacked by ice wolves in the Snow Crawler. The Justice League arrives to help deal with the ice beings, but suddenly a being named Frost King comes out of the Snow Crawler and attacks the heroes causing a huge explosion.
Flash runs around the world trying to help everyone while the other heroes deal with the Frost King's monsters in different cities and no one has heard from Aquaman yet. Flash passes out after being ambushed by the ice monsters, but Black Adam rescues him and Flash saves Iris West from ice monsters.
In the present, Jimmy Olsen and Lois Lane are about to be killed by some ice monsters on top of the Daily Planet when Superman saves them. After making sure they're safe, Superman goes out to help people and is soon overwhelmed by the ice monsters. Superman flies off to his hometown Smallville to save Krypto and his adopted parents Jonathan and Martha Kent. After getting a reassuring pep talk from them, Superman leaves to help more people. Back in Metropolis, Lois writes an article for the people of Metropolis, inspiring them not to lose hope, even during these harsh times. Meanwhile in Gotham City, Sebastian Stagg and his research team are still trying to uncover the secrets of the ice sample that Stagg Enterprises took from the Arctic Circle. They have discovered that the ice contains Kryptonian crystals and a mysterious energy signature. They have also discovered that there are people buried underneath the ice and they are still alive.
In the present day, Aquaman, Mera and their daughter go to Amnesty Bay to deal with the ice monsters in Atlantis to persuade the Fire Trolls to help them
John Stewart helps out civilians before going to Washington D.C to meet with Detective Chimp when he's attacked by the Frost King, but the Justice League saves him. The Frost King realizes that the thing he is trying to find (the preservation of his family) is in Stagg Industries Research Facility in Gotham.
Meanwhile, the Teen Titans allow kids to stay in their Titans Tower to wait out the snowstorm. The Teen Titans decide to go to Brooklyn to deal with ice monsters and help a sleeping metahuman name Summer Zahid deal with an ice monster. While recovering, Flash, Cyborg, and Starfire teleport in the Titan Tower using a Boom Tube to check on the heroes. Donna Troy realizes the Frost King is the story that Hippolyta told her when she was in Themiscyra and tells Cyborg to teleport her and Flash there to help the Amazons.
Zatanna tells Wonder Woman that they need to go to New Myria to find where the current Swamp Thing is. They find Swamp Thing, but Swamp Thing says his powers are weakening due to the Frost King's powers. Back on Earth, Queen Hippolyta summons the spirit of the Viking Prince for help, and the Viking Prince explains that they need to find Frost King's family to find Frost King. Wonder Woman and Zatanna arrive holding an empty vessel of the Swamp Thing. The vessel possesses the Viking Prince, turning him into the new Swamp Thing.
Silver Banshee, Icicle, Catman, Rampage, Black Adam, and the Frost King arrive at the Stagg Enterprises facility to take the frozen Frost King's family who is in stasis right now. Multiplex tries helping Black Adam, but he over exhausts himself and Frost King kills Multiplex. Black Adam threatens to kill Frost King's family. While Frost King is distracted, Sebastian Stagg sends out a robot that can fire cold fusion cannons, but it makes the Frost King stronger instead. Just before Black Adam is killed, Superman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Batman, and Green Lantern arrive.
Batman reveals that he let Sebastian Stagg be used as bait to find the Frost King, the heroes start fighting against him. The Viking Prince/Swamp Thing arrives in battle and realizes this is just an avatar of the Frost King. Batman and Hippolyta find the Frost King's true body in the Fortress of Solitude where it was revealed that in the past, Edwald was trapped in the Fortress of Solitude. Once Sebastian Stagg indirectly freed him, he absorbed the powers of the Fortress of Solitude to create avatars and wreak havoc. Black Adam nearly kills Frost King, but Superman stops him and they both fight while the Frost King regains his strength. Aquaman arrives with the Fire Trolls to help turn the tide. Hippolyta and Wonder Woman nearly convinced the Frost King, but his avatar starts raging out of control and causing chaos across the battlefield. There is a huge explosion and the Frost King and his horde are seemingly destroyed. Black Adam leaves while swearing vengeance on Superman, and the rest of the world celebrates the Justice League's heroics. Sebastian Stagg is arrested for his crimes, The Viking Prince returns to the afterlife while the Swamp Thing finds another avatar, and Superman starts rebuilding the Fortress of Solitude. It's revealed that the Frost King is still alive, and he decides to go into cyrostasis until his family is freed once more.
Critical reception
The story received positive reviews from critics for its action and art style, but there was criticism of the underdeveloped plot. According to review aggregator Comic Book Roundup, the crossover received a score of 7.7 out of 10 based on 52 reviews.
The second chapter appeared in The Flash #767. Bleeding Cool criticized it for not revealing new information nor moving the plot along, and found it lackluster compared to previous work by the writers and art team.
Collected edition
References
Slovakia was represented by 19 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain, from 27 July to 1 August 2010.
Participants
Results
References
Participants list (men)
Participants list (women)
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
Colquhoun Grant may be:
Colquhoun Grant (British intelligence officer) (1780–1829), British Army intelligence officer
Sir Colquhoun Grant (British cavalry general) (1772–1835), British Army cavalry general and MP
Walter Colquhoun Grant (1822–1861), British Army officer and a pioneer settler in British Columbia.
Hooker Lake is a proglacial lake that started to form in the late 1970s by the recent retreat of the Hooker Glacier. It is in the Hooker Valley, in the Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park in New Zealand's South Island, just south of Aoraki / Mount Cook.
Etymology
The geographic Hooker items were named by the Canterbury provincial geologist, Julius von Haast, after British botanist William Jackson Hooker.
Description
Hooker Lake's length has doubled between 1990 and 2013 from 1.2 kilometres to 2.3 kilometres, the glacier retreating by over per year. It is expected to grow by another as Hooker Glacier retreats further up the valley until the glacier's retreat will have reached the point where the glacier bed is higher than the lake's water level.
The lake is one of the most accessible glacier lakes and can be reached year-round from the White Horse Hill camp ground near Mount Cook Village via the well-formed Hooker Valley Track. The track ends at a lookout point at the lake's shore, with a short path providing easy access to the shore.
In the warmer months icebergs can typically be seen floating in the water. The icebergs slowly drift from the terminus of the glacier at the northern end of the lake until close to the shore. The lake's water temperature is typically lower than .
In winter, the lake freezes over, and at the coldest time of the year it can be safe to walk onto the ice.
Hooker Lake drains into Hooker River, its glacial waters blueish light grey due to the suspended glacial rock flour.
No boats tour the lake, but they do the large, nearby Tasman Lake.
See also
Climate change in New Zealand
References
Lakes of Canterbury, New Zealand
Proglacial lakes
Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park
Cameraria australisella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the Illinois and Texas in the United States. The type locality is in Bosque County, Texas.
The larvae feed on Quercus alba and Quercus imbricaria. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
australisella
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1878
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Leaf miners
Wake Up and Smell the... Carcass is a compilation album by the band Carcass, and is also the name of a video/DVD compilation of the band's songs. The cover is a photo of John F. Kennedy's autopsy.
Track listing
Tracks 1-5 are the band's promo videos, 6-15 were recorded live in 1992 on the "Gods of Grind" tour, and 16-22 were recorded in 1989 on the "Grindcrusher Tour".
Personnel
Carcass
Ken Owen – drums, backing vocals (12, 14–17)
Bill Steer – guitar, vocals (12–14, 16–17)
Jeffrey Walker – bass guitar, vocals, compilation compiling
Michael Amott – lead guitar (12–13)
Carlo Regadas – lead guitar (1–9)
Technical personnel
Colin Richardson – production (1–5, 12–14), mixing (10–11)
Stephen Harris – engineering (1–5)
Nick Brine – assistant engineering (1–5)
Barney Herbert – assistant engineering (1–5)
Jim Brumby – assistant engineering (1–5)
Tony Wilson – production (6–9)
Ted De Bono – engineering (6–9)
Ken Nelson – engineering (10–11)
Andrea Wright – assistant engineering (10–11)
Keith Hartley – engineering (12–16)
Ian McFarlane – assistant engineering (12–14)
Keith Andrews – engineering (17)
Digby Pearson – executive production
Mitch Dickinson – compilation compiling
Noel Summerville – mastering
Antz White – art direction, design, digital manipulation
Dan Tobin – sleeve notes
References
Carcass (band) compilation albums
1996 compilation albums
2001 video albums
2001 compilation albums
2001 live albums
Live video albums
Music video compilation albums
Earache Records compilation albums
Earache Records video albums
Earache Records live albums
Patiently Waiting may refer to:
Patiently Waiting, album by Joanna Beasley 2009
Patiently Waiting, album by Social Code 2001
"Patiently Waiting", song by singer Kathy Mattea, written by Gillian Welch, from Love Travels
"Patiently Waiting", song by Mac Dre, Chop Da Hookman, Young Los & Mistah F.A.B. from Dre Area
"Patiently Waiting", song by 50 Cent from Get Rich or Die Tryin'
João Souza is the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Facundo Argüello.
Ivo Minář won the title by defeating Ricardo Hocevar 4–6, 6–1, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Campeonato Internacional de Tenis de Santos - Singles
2012 Singles
Nervo may refer to:
People
Nervo (DJs), Australian DJs Olivia Nervo and Miriam Nervo, known by their stage name NERVO
Amado Nervo, a Mexican poet
Carlo Nervo (born 1971), Italian professional footballer
Hugo Nervo (born 1991), Argentine football defender
Jacques de Nervo (1897–1990), French industrialist.
Luis Padilla Nervo (1894–1985), Mexican politician and diplomat.
Robert de Nervo (1842–1909), French industrialist
Other
Nervo (crater), a crater on the planet Mercury
Nervo and Knox, Jimmy Nervo and Teddy Knox, part of the original Crazy Gang
Mount Nervo, mountain in Antarctica
See also
Nerva (disambiguation)
Nervi (disambiguation)
Scarlet Sails is an indie rock band from New York City, formed in 2015 by founding members Olya Fomina (lead vocals, guitar, piano, ukulele) and Brian Viglione (drums, backing vocals, bass, guitar).
The band's name comes from the 1923 adventure novel by Russian author Alexander Grin, a story about dreams coming true, no matter how silly, futile, or far-fetched they may seem. The young heroes in the story, Assol and Gray, are described as dreamers, misunderstood by those around them. Gray, a wealthy heir, wants to become a captain and runs away from home to fulfill his dream, eventually meeting Assol, who as a child, encounters an old man who claims to be a wizard and promises the girl that one day a prince will come on a ship with scarlet sails to carry her away. The villagers scoff, but Assol believes her dream will come true one day. As a child, this story was among Olya's favorites.
History
When singer Olya, a classical music school trained pianist, was 21, she left her home country of Russia to move to New York City. She met Brian Viglione at Bowery Electric in June 2013 at a Black Flag tribute show. At the time of their meeting, Brian had recently joined the American folk punk band Violent Femmes. In March 2014, the two were married in New York City. In the interim, he collaborated with Olya, recording their first EP as Scarlet Sails in late 2015. In December 2015, Brian left Violent Femmes to dedicate his time to Scarlet Sails. Their self-titled EP, produced by Martin Bisi, was released January 15, 2016.
In the summer of 2016, they embarked on their first US tour with Nina Diaz of Girl in a Coma, starting in Boston.
They recorded their debut album, Future From The Past, in December 2016, and after a successful Kickstarter campaign, it was released on April 10, 2017.
Throughout 2018, they plan to release a series of singles produced by Ben Rice.
Musical style and influences
Their style is most often described as "lyrical and intense," and often "theatrical,” “noir-pop,” and “genre-bending.” They have been described by Impose Magazine as managing to “tie in a wealth of tracks divided by several genres to create a succinct and strangely beautiful whole.”
They have cited artists and bands such as David Bowie, Oasis, Radiohead, and Nina Simone among their musical influences.
Members
Olya Fomina - Vocals, Piano, Keyboards, Ukulele, Guitar
Mark Christopher Kohut - Guitar
Kevin Jones - Bass Guitar
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Randy Elliot Bennett is an American educational researcher who specializes in educational assessment. He is currently the Norman O. Frederiksen Chair in Assessment Innovation at Educational Testing Service in Princeton, NJ. His research and writing focus on bringing together advances in cognitive science, technology, and measurement to improve teaching and learning. He received the ETS Senior Scientist Award in 1996, the ETS Career Achievement Award in 2005, the Teachers College, Columbia University Distinguished Alumni Award in 2016, Fellow status in the American Educational Research Association (AERA) in 2017, the National Council on Measurement in Education's (NCME) Bradley Hanson Award for Contributions to Educational Measurement in 2019 (with H. Guo, M. Zhang, and P. Deane), the E. F. Lindquist Award from AERA and ACT in 2020, and elected membership in the National Academy of Education in 2022. Randy Bennett was elected President of both the International Association for Educational Assessment (IAEA), a worldwide organization primarily constituted of governmental and NGO measurement organizations, and the National Council on Measurement in Education (NCME), whose members are employed in universities, testing organizations, state and federal education departments, and school districts.
Publications
Bennett is author or editor of nine books, as well as over 100 journal articles, chapters, and technical reports. Those publications have concentrated on several themes. The 1998 publication, Reinventing Assessment: Speculations on the Future of Large-Scale Educational Testing, presented a three-stage framework for how paper-and-pencil tests would gradually transition to digital form, eventually melding with online activities, blurring the distinction between learning and assessment, and leading to improvements in both pursuits. A series of subsequent publications built upon the work of Robert Glaser, Norman O. Frederiksen, Samuel Messick, James Pellegrino, Lorrie Shepard and others to create a unified model for formative and summative assessments under the Cognitively Based Assessment of, for, and as Learning (CBAL) initiative. This work, noted in the citations for both the E.F. Lindquist Award and his AERA Fellow designation, is described in two journal articles, Transforming K-12 Assessment and Cognitively Based Assessment of, for, and as Learning. The latter publication articulated assumptions for the CBAL assessment model in a detailed "theory of action," which described the assessment system components, intended outcomes, and the action mechanisms that should lead to those outcomes, predating the generally recommended use of that device in operational testing programs.
The journal article, Formative Assessment: A Critical Review, questioned the magnitude of efficacy claims, the meaningfulness of existing definitions, and the general absence of disciplinary considerations in the conceptualization and implementation of formative assessment. The article encouraged a deeper examination of premises, more careful consideration of effectiveness claims, and a move toward incorporating domain considerations directly into the structure and practice of formative assessment.
Two reports--Online Assessment in Mathematics and Writing and Problem-Solving in Technology Rich Environments--documented studies that helped set the stage for moving the US National Assessment of Educational Progress from paper presentation to computer delivery.
Several recent articles called attention to the need for testing companies and state education departments to exercise caution in using artificial intelligence (AI) methods for scoring consequential tests. That theme was developed in a book chapter, Validity and Automated Scoring, and summarized in The Changing Nature of Educational Assessment. These publications note that in automated essay scoring, for example, caution is needed because of the inscrutability of some AI scoring methods, their use of correlates that can be easily manipulated for undeserved score gain, and the routine practice of building scoring algorithms to model the judgment of operational human graders, thereby unintentionally incorporating human biases.
Bennett's latest work centers on equity in assessment. The commentary, The Good Side of COVID-19, makes the case that standardized testing, and educational assessment more generally, must be rethought so that they better align with the multicultural, pluralistic society the US is rapidly becoming.
Books
Andrade, H. L., Bennett, R. E., & Cizek, G. J. (Eds.). (2019). Handbook of formative assessment in the disciplines. New York: Routledge.
Bennett, R. E., & von Davier, M. (Eds.). (2017). Advancing human assessment: The methodological, psychological, and policy contributions of ETS. Cham, Switzerland: Springer Open.
Bennett, R. E., & Ward, W. C. (Eds.). (1993). Construction vs. choice in cognitive measurement: Issues in constructed response, performance testing, and portfolio assessment. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates.
Willingham, W. W., Ragosta, M., Bennett, R. E., Braun, H. I. Rock, D. A., & Powers, D. E. (1988). Testing handicapped people. Boston, MA: Allyn & Bacon.
Bennett, R. E. (Ed.). (1987). Planning and evaluating computer education programs. Columbus, OH: Merrill.
Bennett, R. E., & Maher, C. A. (Eds). (1986). Emerging perspectives in the assessment of exceptional children. New York: Haworth Press.
Cline, H. F., Bennett, R. E., Kershaw, R. C., Schneiderman, M. B., Stecher, B., & Wilson, S. (1986). The electronic schoolhouse: The IBM secondary school computer education program. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates.
Bennett, R. E., & Maher, C. A. (Eds.). (1984). Microcomputers and exceptional children. New York: Haworth Press.
Maher, C. A., & Bennett, R. E. (1984). Planning and evaluating special education services. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
References
External links
.
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American educators
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
Stony Brook University alumni
Erasmus Hall High School alumni
People from Brooklyn
American education writers
The Sacados is an Argentine musical group, active in the 1990s until now.
The Sacados are Darío Moscatelli (born January 27, 1966) and Cynthia Nilson.
History
The Sacados was born as a project in Buenos Aires at the beginning of 1990. In those days the house sound, with its clearly danceable rhythm, swept the rankings of Europe and the United States, and was undoubtedly the main course of the clubs of Buenos Aires. The irresistible rhythm of their songs, added to a strong visual impact, supported by the costumes and choreography, gave the group its characteristic stamp. Their originality was the first step that would lead them to success. The appearance of "Ritmo de la Noche" was the definitive explosion. Obligatory theme in all records, permanently broadcast on the radio and even disputed by several TV programs as a musical curtain. The Sacados became the most popular group in Argentina that summer. The first big tour started on December 6, 1990 in Buenos Aires and lasted until September of 1991, after 114 presentations in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. That debut album, "Te pido más respecto", was certified gold and platinum and set sales records throughout Latin America. That same year they made their first presentation in Chile together with Technotronic. After the recording of "The Sacados Contratacan" they left for Central America on a promotional tour that covered Venezuela, Costa Rica, El Salvador and Mexico. 1992 definitively opened the doors of the Latin market after its successful presentation at the Festival de la Cancion in Villa del Mar, Chile. From then on there were two tours of that country (thirty-one concerts, from Arica to Punta Arenas), Peru, Bolivia and Mexico. To close the year, a compilation of the first two works was published in Spain. Volume III had special editions for Chile (five songs not included in the national version) and Central America, where "Me Pica" quickly became a hit. Their presentation tour concluded in July 1993 with a massive concert in the Plaza del Camino Real in Guatemala, where they obtained the Silver disc in recognition of their sales. After a brief hiatus, they released "Asunto Chino", an album that shows them more solid and mature, with an inclination more towards pop.
Discography
2018 90s Pop Tour Sony Music
2018 90s Pop Tou Vol 2 Sony Music
2019 90s Pop Tour Vol 3 Sony Music
References
External links
The Sacados discography at Discogs
Argentine musical groups
Associação Esportiva Velo Clube Rioclarense, commonly referred to as Velo Clube, is a Brazilian professional association football club based in Rio Claro, São Paulo. The team competes in the Campeonato Paulista Série A2, the second tier of the São Paulo state football league.
History
The club was founded on August 28, 1910. They won the Campeonato Paulista do Interior in 1925.
Achievements
Campeonato Paulista Série A2:
Winners (1): 1925
Campeonato Paulista Série A3:
Winners (1): 2020
Stadium
Associação Esportiva Velo Clube Rioclarense play their home games at Estádio Benito Agnello Castellano. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,198 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1910
Football clubs in São Paulo (state)
1910 establishments in Brazil
Dawson County is a county located in the north-central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,330. The county seat is Dawsonville.
Dawson County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its natural resources include Amicalola Falls, the highest falls in Georgia and one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the state.
History
Dawson County was created on December 3, 1857, from Gilmer and Lumpkin Counties. It is named for William Crosby Dawson, a U.S. Senator from Georgia.
Civil War
The 1860s brought war and hardships to the people of Dawson County. Many men of Dawson County answered the call and went to fight in the Civil War. Several Confederate units were raised in Dawson County, including:
21st Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company E Concord Rangers
22nd Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company I, Dawson County Independents
38th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company I (Wright's Legion), Dawson Farmers
38th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company L (Wright's Legion)
52nd Regiment, Georgia Volunteer Infantry, Company I
The 1st Georgia Infantry Battalion (Union), Companies B and C also was raised there.
After Civil War to present
The county is known in its long involvement in auto racing, which was established in the 20th century; many of the original NASCAR racers came from this area. Local racing skills are said to have been developed by men who ran moonshine down Georgia State Route 9, also known as Thunder Road, to Atlanta. Celebrations of Dawson County's history and of its "likker" involvement occur every October with the Moonshine Festival.
Locals have referred to Dawson County as the Moonshine Capital of the World. This title is claimed by many other areas, but is fiercely defended by residents of this area. They took advantage of its relative isolation and the ability to move so much moonshine to the larger cities, especially Atlanta, during the Prohibition era.
Education
Dawson County currently serves grades K-12. It has a total of seven schools - one for pre-K, four for grades K-5, one for grades 6–7, one for grades 8–9, and Dawson County High School (grades 10–12).
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (1.7%) are covered by water.
The county is located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Portions of the mountain chain extend into the far northern and western portions of the county, with elevations around 3,500 ft. in this area.
Part of Lake Lanier is in the southeastern part of the county and the boundary lines with neighboring counties pass through the lake. The 729-ft (222-m) Amicalola Falls, are located in the county. The Amicalola Falls are the highest in Georgia, the tallest cascading waterfall east of the Mississippi River, and one of the Seven Natural Wonders of Georgia. The highest point in the county is Black Mountain, with an elevation of . The Chestatee and Etowah Rivers flow through Dawson County.
The vast majority of Dawson County is located in the Etowah River subbasin of the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin). The southeastern tip of the county is located in the Upper Chattahoochee River subbasin of the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin, and a very small northern section of Dawson County is located in the Coosawattee River subbasin of the larger ACT River Basin.
Adjacent counties
Fannin County - north
Lumpkin County - northeast
Hall County - east
Forsyth County - south
Cherokee County - southwest
Pickens County - west
Gilmer County - northwest
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
State Route 9
State Route 52
State Route 53
State Route 136
State Route 183
State Route 400
Pedestrians and cycling
Springer Mountain Trail
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2010, 22,330 people, and 10,425 households, and 6,390 families were living in the county. The racial makeup of the county was 95.62% White, 0.5% African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 4.1% of the population.
Of the 8,433 households, 21.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 24.2% were not families. About 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 6.5% of whom were 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61, and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was distributed as 5.7% under the age of 5, 6.5% at 5–9 years, 6.8% at 10–14 years, 6.0% at 15–19 years, 6.1% at 20–24 years, 5.7% at 25–29 years, 5.8% at 30–34 years, 6.6% at 35–39 years, 6.9% at 40–44 years, 8.1% at 45–49 years, 7.2% at 50–54 years, 7.0% at 55–59 years, 7.6% at 60–64 years, 6.0% at 65–69 years, 3.6% at 70–74 years, 2.4% at 75–79 years, 1.3% at 80–84 years, and 0.8% over age 85. The median age was 40.6 years - 11,164 were male and 11,166 were female.
The median income for a household in the county was estimated at $51,989, and for a family was estimated at $60,455. About 8.9% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,330 people, 8,433 households, and 6,390 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,425 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.6% white, 0.6% Asian, 0.5% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.9% were American, 18.8% were Irish, 14.7% were English, and 13.6% were German.
Of the 8,433 households, 33.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.7% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.2% were non-families, and 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 40.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $51,128 and the median income for a family was $60,236. Males had a median income of $41,726 versus $31,978 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,557. About 7.8% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 26,798 people, 9,041 households, and 6,491 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Dawsonville
Unincorporated communities
Juno
Afton
Private communities
Several large, gated, private communities function similar to a municipality, providing many municipal-type services that operate independently of county government.
Big Canoe
Politics
Dawson County is the only county in the country that supported Thomas Dewey in 1948 that then supported Adlai Stevenson II in 1952.
Notable people
Bill Elliott - NASCAR racer, 1988 Cup Series champion, and Hall of Fame member
Chase Elliott - NASCAR racer and 2014 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion, and 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion
Gober Sosebee - stock-car racer (three-time Daytona champion)
Jerry Glanville - National Football League head coach, NASCAR driver
Bill Goldberg - professional wrestler and actor (once resided in Dawson County)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dawson County, Georgia
References
External links
Archives of Dawson County, Roadside Georgia
Dawson County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1857 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Dawson
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1857
High voltage switchgear is any switchgear used to connect or disconnect a part of a high-voltage power system. This equipment is essential for the protection and safe operation, without interruption, of a high voltage power system, and is important because it is directly linked to the quality of the electricity supply.
The term "high voltage" covers the former medium voltage (MV) and the former high voltage (HV), and therefore refers to equipment with a rated voltage of over 1,000 V in the case of alternating current, and over 1,500 V in the case of direct current. The industrial applications of high voltage circuit breakers are for the moment limited to alternating current because they are more economical, there are however high voltage disconnectors for direct current connections.
High voltage switchgear was invented at the end of the 19th century for operating motors and others electric machines. The technology has been improved over time and can be used with voltages up to 1,100 kV.
Classification
Functional Classification
Disconnectors and earthing switches
Disconnectors and earthing switches are safety devices used to open or to close a circuit when there is no current through them. They are used to isolate a part of a circuit, a machine, a part of an overhead line or an underground line so that maintenance can be safely conducted.
The opening of the line isolator or busbar section isolator is necessary for safety, but not sufficient. Grounding must be conducted at both the upstream and downstream sections of the device under maintenance. This is accomplished by earthing switches.
In principle, disconnecting switches do not have to interrupt currents, as they are designed for use on de-energized circuits. In practice, some are capable of interrupting currents (as much as 1,600 ampere under 300 V but only if current is drawn via a same circuit half breaker bypass system), and some earthing switches must interrupt induced currents which are generated in a non-current-carrying line by inductive and capacitive coupling with nearby lines (up to 160 A under 20 kV).
High-current switching mechanism
High-current switching mechanisms are used for energized circuits carrying a normal load. Some can be used as a disconnecting switch.
However, if they can create a short-circuit current, they can not interrupt it.
Contactor
Contactors are similar in function to high-current switching mechanisms, but can be used at higher rates. They have a high electrical endurance and a high mechanical endurance.
Fuses
A fuse can automatically interrupt a circuit with an overcurrent flowing in it for a fixed time. This is accomplished by the fusion of an electrical conductor which is graded.
Fuses are mainly used to protect against short circuits. They limit the peak value of the fault current.
In three-phase electric power, they only eliminate the phases where the fault current is flowing, which can pose a risk for both the malfunctioning devices and the people. To alleviate this problem, fuses can be used in conjunction with high-current switches or contactors.
Like contactors, high-voltage fuses are used only in the band 30 kV to 100 kV.
Circuit Breaker
A high voltage circuit breaker is capable of connecting, carrying and disconnecting currents under the rated voltage (the maximal voltage of the power system which it is protecting).
Under normal operational conditions, circuit breakers can be used to (dis)connect a line. Circuit breakers can also be used to interrupt current when anomalies are detected, such as a short-circuit.
Circuit breakers are essential elements of high-voltage power systems because they are the only means to safely interrupt a short circuit current. The international standard IEC 62271-100 defines the demands linked to the characteristics of a high voltage circuit breaker.
The circuit breaker can be equipped with electronic devices in order to know at any moment their states, such as wear or gas pressure, and to detect faults from characteristic derivatives. It can also permit planned maintenance operations and to avoid failures.
To operate on long lines, circuit breakers are equipped with a closing resistor to limit overvoltages.
They can be equipped with devices to synchronize closing and/or opening, to limit the overvoltages and the inrush currents from the lines, the unloaded transformers, the shunt reactances and the capacitor banks.
Some devices are designed to have the characteristics of the circuit breaker and the disconnector, but their use is not widespread.
See also
Switchgear
High-voltage
References
External links
IEEE Switchgear Committee, on ewh.ieee.org
Electric power systems components
Electric power infrastructure
Kate Fisher may refer to:
Big Nose Kate
Kate Fisher (model)
See also
Catherine Fisher (disambiguation)
Two human polls comprised the 1995 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
A.Miami (FL) and Alabama became ineligible for the Coaches Poll after Week 14 due to NCAA sanctions
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Dark Lunacy is an Italian melodic death metal band with symphonic metal influences.
From the beginnings (1997) to Devoid (2000)
The band formed in early 1997, when singer Mike and guitarist Enomys first met. Their first self-produced EP, entitled "Silent Storm" (1998) achieved a remarkable approval. The line-up was completed by Baijkal (drums) and Harpad (bass) and in the spring of 1999, the band released a demotape called "Serenity", consisting of 4 tracks in which the support of a real string quartet marked the future sound of Dark Lunacy. In 2000, the band signed for Fuel Records, which released the band first official album called Devoid, in November 2000. The band had an impressive critical acclaim and, thanks to the singles "Dolls" and "Forlorn", Dark Lunacy entered the playlists of many radios and venues which aired metal music. In March 2001, the band started its first Italian tour which ended on May 12 at Rolling Stone in Milan.
Forget Me Not (2002 - 2005)
After a split-album with death metal band Infernal Poetry and a tour with Sadist and Deformachine in 2002, in June 2003, Dark Lunacy released its second album, entitled Forget Me Not, which featured melodic parts guided by a more evident string quartet, and a much more aggressive sound than in the past, thanks to the work done by Imer and Baijkal. At the CD presentation at Transilvania in Milan, on 19 June 2003, followed a special broadcasting of the concert and interviews on RockTV.
The Diarist and line-up changes (2006 - early 2010)
In 2006, Baijkal and Imer left the band for personal issues, but not before releasing The Diarist, Dark Lunacy's third album. This record is a concept album that deals with the 900-days siege occurred in Leningrad (St. Petersburg) during the Second World War. It is less orchestral than the previous release, and it shows artistical and technical maturity, combining powerful and sharp guitar riffs with melodies full of pathos, anger and solemnity. In the same year, Mary Ann and Mathias join the band, allowing it to go on with its live activity. In Fall 2007, Baijkal and Imer rejoined the band, while Mathias left and Mary Ann played the rhythm guitar. In 2009, Enomys left the band for personal issues. Shortly after, Simon officially joined the band as a guitarist. Another drastic revolution in the line-up occurred in 2010: Alessandro Vagnoni (drums) and Daniele Galassi (guitar) from Infernal Poetry joined the band, together with Claudio Cinquegrana (guitar) and Andy Marchini (bass), from Sadist.
Weaver of Forgotten (2010)
In June 2010, Mike announced on the band official website that the recording of their fourth album was on the way.
The album was released on 9 November 2010 via Fuel Records and it was distributed worldwide. Musically speaking, the record was different from the previous releases: it was darker, martial, slow and oppressive; it was also lacking of the Russian themes which marked the style of the band.
Live in Mexico City (2013) and The Day of Victory (2014)
With this renewed line-up, the band recorded in 2012 a live DVD in Mexico City and in the same year it set out a successful tour in Russia. After the release of the DVD, the band suffered once again from a line-up change. Andy Marchini - who was already replaced by Jacopo Rossi in some live gigs, the latter becoming an official member of the band - and Claudio Cinquegrana left and the band goes back to a quartet again, with Jacopo Rossi on bass. With these members, Dark Lunacy recorded the fifth album entitled The Day of Victory, a record that is thematically linked to the events of the Second World War in Russia.
In August 2015, the band goes on its first tour in Japan, playing in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya.
The Rain After The Snow (2016)
In the first months of 2016, on 14 March precisely, through the official Facebook page of the band, Mike Lunacy announces that Alessandro Vagnoni (drums) and Daniele Galassi (guitar) are no longer part of the band. From the words of the frontman it is clear that "discussion has begun last December, and each one of us has been pushing forward with his own ideas, and with a great emotional involvement. However, in the end, no unanimous solution has been found". However, further news come in May 2016, as it is announced that the writing of the new album has been completed. The new album is recorded in summer at Blackwave Studio in Genova, and it is released the following autumn.
The first big detail that emerges is that the new album would return - in a more mature way - to the sound of the beginnings, with the contribution of a true string quartet - the band trademark - and a 40-piece choir, as well as the typical piano, played by the bass player of the band, Jacopo Rossi.
In the meanwhile, the new line-up has its official debut at Basilica Metal Fest in Matera, on 16 July 2016: together with Mike Lunacy and Jacopo Rossi on stage there are Davide Rinaldi (guitar) and Marco Binda (drums), who both took part to the recordings of the new album, as they are official members of the band.
The Rain After The Snow, Dark Lunacy's next album, entirely composed and written by Jacopo Rossi, interpreted by Mike Lunacy, is released on 11 November 2016 via Fuel Records, the label which published also the previous albums of the band; it is also confirmed the collaboration between the band and the graphic designer and artist Gaspare Frazzitta, who designed the artwork and the booklet of the album and designed the previous ones "Weaver of Forgotten" and "The Day Of Victory".
As first single, it is released "Gold, Rubies and Diamonds", for which it was filmed a videoclip. In February 2017 a second video was released, "Howl". Then, a third video was added, a band playthrough of "Ab Umbra Lumen".
Current line-up
Mike Lunacy - Vocals
Davide Rinaldi - Guitar
Jacopo Rossi - Bass
Marco Binda - Drums
Previous members
Daniele Galassi - guitar (2010 - 2016)
Alessandro Vagnoni - drums (2010 - 2016)
Claudio Cinquegrana - guitar (2010-2012)
Andy Marchini - bass (2010-2012)
Mary Ann - guitar (2006-2010)
Simon - guitar (2009-2010)
Enomys - guitar (1997-2009)
Imer - bass (2001-2006,2007-2010)
Harpad - bass (1998-2001)
Baijkal - drums (1998-2006,2007-2010)
Mathias - drums (2006-2007)
Vault - drums (1998)
Discography
Silent Storm (1998)
Serenity (1999)
Devoid (2000)
Twice (Split CD) (2002)
Forget Me Not (2003)
The Diarist (2006)
Weaver of Forgotten (2010)
Live in Mexico City (2012)
The Day of Victory (2014)
The Rain After The Snow (2016)
References
External links
Official Facebook Page
Italian melodic death metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical quintets
Metal Blade Records artists
Frontier Records artists
Jane Powell or Mrs Powell (c. 1761 – 31 December 1831) was a British actress. She was also known as Mrs Renaud and Mrs Farmer.
Life
Powell made her debut as Alicia in "Jane Shore" to mixed reviews in 1787, but her name was uncreditted. She came to notice when she appeared at the Haymarket Theatre in the 1780s under the name of "Mrs Farmer" or "Mrs Palmer" as the papers failed to agree.
She is thought to be the first woman to take the title role of Hamlet in London in 1796 when she appeared at Drury Lane. She then took the role of Edmunda in Vortigern and Rowena after Sarah Siddons refused the role. The newly discovered play that was said to be by Shakespeare proved to be a forgery.
Mrs Powell had a benefit at Drury Lane on 2 May 1795 when she played Young Norval. This role was recorded in Norval's death scene from Act V in a painting by Samuel De Wilde. Samuel De Wilde had made a painting of her as Mary Queen of Scots and another of her as Boadicea. However the Garrick Club who own the paintings say that she never appeared in those roles in London.
Up to 1811 she was a regular at Drury Lane Theatre until she moved her allegiance to the Covent Garden Theatre. In 1812 her husband died and the following year she married John James Renaud and became Mrs Renaud. In 1814 the marriage was over but she kept the new name.
In 1818 she moved to Edinburgh when she enjoyed being cast in leading productions.
Powell died in London at the end of 1831. It was said that she was still being paid two pounds a week by her manager in Edinburgh.
Selected roles
Marcella in Marcella by William Hayley (1789)
Cornelia in The Conspiracy by Robert Jephson (1796)
Hamlet in Hamlet by William Shakespeare (1796)
Victoria in Almeyda, Queen of Granada by Sophia Lee (1796)
Evelina in The Castle Spectre by Matthew Lewis (1797)
References
Bibliography
Burnim, Kalman A. & Highfill, Philip H. John Bell, Patron of British Theatrical Portraiture: A Catalog of the Theatrical Portraits in His Editions of Bell's Shakespeare and Bell's British Theatre. SIU Press, 1998.
Howard, Tony. Women as Hamlet: Performance and Interpretation in Theatre, Film and Fiction. Cambridge University Press, 2007.
1831 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
19th-century English actresses
English stage actresses
People from Cranbrook, Kent
Rogača is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 277 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Sir Donald Campbell (August 3, 1800 – October 10, 1850) was a colonial administrator, the tenth Governor of Prince Edward Island, serving from December 9, 1847 to October 10, 1850.
He was born in Dunstaffnage, Scotland, the son of Angus Campbell and Lillias Buchanan. Campbell served in the cavalry for a short time while a young man. In 1825, he married Caroline Eliza Plomer. Campbell was named the 1st Baronet of Dunstaffnage in 1836. He became lieutenant governor for Prince Edward Island in 1847 following the dismissal of Sir Henry Vere Huntley. After his arrival, Campbell was closely associated with the more conservative faction on the island, taking Thomas Heath Haviland as his adviser. Campbell quickly came into conflict with the forces calling for responsible government for Prince Edward Island. He dissolved the assembly in 1850, hoping that more cooperative members would be returned, but the majority of those elected were reformers. He died in office in Charlottetown at the age of 50.
References
1800 births
1850 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Lieutenant Governors of the Colony of Prince Edward Island
Armand Sahadewsing (born 7 July 1939) is a former Surinamese football player and manager who has played for S.V. Transvaal in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse, and for AFC DWS in the Dutch Eredivisie. He also played for the Suriname national team and later managed the team for the country's 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
Career
Early career
Sahadewsing began his football career on the Mr. Bronsplein in Paramaribo, Surinam at age 10 playing for KMD (Klein Maar Dapper), a club registered through the Bronsplein Sport Bond which was specifically for shorter people (Klein Maar Dapper is Dutch for "Small but courageous"). After two seasons with KMD he transferred to the youth ranks of Sparta, Tuna and finally Unitas. At age 16 he transferred to SV Transvaal to play in the Hoofdklasse, the top flight for association football in Suriname.
SV Transvaal
In 1956, Sahadewsing made his debut in the Hoofdklasse at age 16. He would go on to play for Transvaal for a decade, becoming the team's first choice on the right wing. He was made team captain from 1960 to 1965, and helped Transvaal to win two national championships in 1962 and 1965. He also won the Surinamese Footballer of the Year award in 1965.
AFC DWS
In 1966, Sahadewsing relocated to the Netherlands in pursuit of a KNVB coaching license. While in the Netherlands he joined AFC DWS competing in the Dutch Eredivisie, appearing in two matches in the 1967–68 season, where he played with the likes of Frans Geurtsen and Rob Rensenbrink.
International career
Sahadewsing played for the Dutch Guyana national team, Dutch Guyana being the predecessor of Suriname, as the Dutch colony was known prior to 1976. He made his debut in 1957, in a 2–1 loss to the Netherlands Antilles, in the CONCACAF leg of the 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
Managerial career
In 1966, Sahadewsing relocated to the Netherlands to obtain a KNVB coaching license. In 1980, he became the manager of the Suriname for the country's 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign. Suriname were eliminated by Cuba in the 1981 CONCACAF Championship qualification.
Honours
Club
S.V. Transvaal
SVB Hoofdklasse (2): 1962, 1965
Individual
Surinamese Footballer of the Year: 1965
References
External links
Armand Sahadewsing at FIFA.com
Living people
1939 births
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
S.V. Transvaal players
AFC DWS players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Surinamese expatriate footballers
Surinamese expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Surinamese emigrants to the Netherlands
Surinamese football managers
Suriname national football team managers
Association football wingers
Viča is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 971 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Black Book: The Nazi Crime Against the Jewish People is an indictment of the Holocaust and documentation of evidence leading up to it commissioned by the World Jewish Congress. It was submitted for evidence at the Nuremberg Trials as evidence against the Nazis for crimes against the Jewish people. The book was prepared in 1946 by the Jewish Black Book Committee, which included the World Jewish Congress; the Jewish Anti Fascist Committee, USSR; Vaad Leumi, Palestine; and the American Committee of Jewish Writers, Artists, and Scientists.
Content
The Black Book is broken down into seven sections: Indictment, Conspiracy, The Law, Strategy of Decimation, Annihilation, Resistance, and Justice.
Indictment
This section, written by Max Radin, outlines the accusations against the Nazis that the book makes. Radin gives three ways in which the Nazis killed Jews: pogrom, gas chamber, and starvation. He also accuses the Nazis of deliberately organizing society to put Jews at the bottom, indoctrinating children to think like Nazis, and robbing Jews of their property and driving them from their homes.
Conspiracy
This section, written by Frances McClernan, describes the beginnings of Nazi antisemitism as a carefully organized plan that was a basic part of Nazi dynamics. First, the Nazis hid their plan to take over the world by accusing Jews of planning the same. Using pseudoscience and falsified history, they created something called the "Jewish World Plot" where the Jews would exterminate Aryans and take over the world.
The Nazis rejected the God of the Old Testament, since he was described as "the God of the Jews". They would often selectively choose passages of the New Testament to support their ideology. In 1937, Dr. Heinz Weidemann, Bishop of Bremen, wrote a Nazified version of the Gospel of St. John.
In order to indoctrinate children to Nazism, the Nazis not only had to educate the youth of Germany but also had to un-educate years of European culture. After ten years of Nazi propaganda and grooming society to believe that Jews were the enemy, they eventually came to actual violence in 1932 when shops were destroyed and people beaten. On March 29th of the following year, a boycott of Jewish businesses was ordered.
Nazis spread antisemitism in any country they could. Often, they advertised antisemitism as a defensive front against communism. The Nazis made Jews the enemy of the Soviets, saying that the USSR was controlled by Jews living in prosperity while the people suffered. They also planted Judaism in any country they could to justify their aggression, such as using photographs as evidence that Franklin Roosevelt was a Jew. They used this to justify the war.
The Law
This section, written by Anne L. Bloch, gives a history of all anti-Jew laws passed by the Nazis starting in April 1933 and extending throughout the war. These laws were based on what the "Aryan Man" deemed right or wrong, and since Jews were considered a "legal wrong" they had to be eliminated.
Strategy of Decimation
This section, written by Gitel Poznanski, describes the three ways that the Nazis weakened the Jewish population before putting them into death camps. The first was expulsion - forcing the Jews out of Nazi-occupied land and into Poland or the USSR. This made them easier targets for slave labor later and severed any connections they may have made at home. The first arrests of Jews were for their "protection", which quickly turned into the first detention camps in 1933. Using these camps as a threat, the Nazis forced Jews to emigrate very quickly, which often lead to illegal immigration.
In Austria this process was much worse. In Germany the process of expulsion took place over about five years, but after the Anschluss the process was carried out in only a few months. Because of this there were over 3,500 deaths by suicide in the first year of the occupation, and the number of Jews in Austria shrunk from 180,000 to 55,000.
Poznanski goes on to describe similar practices in many other Nazi-occupied countries: Czechoslovakia, Holland, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Norway, Denmark, Hungary, Greece, and Yugoslavia.
The next process was the institution of slave labor. 165,000,000 Europeans were forced to work under threat of being sent to concentration camps. The Nazi strategy was not to treat them like valuable resources to be kept alive; instead they were "worked to the point of debilitation" and "kept on the edge of starvation". This practice was carried out in Germany, Czechoslovakia, Holland, Belgium, France, and Poland.
The last process was starvation. The book provides many graphs and figures of how much food was rationed to people in each occupied country. Germany always got the most food, and any food to be found in another country was pillaged so that "Germany ate while her subjects starved".
Annihilation
This section describes the grim Nazi death camps and how they came to be. Originally Nazis would kill the Jews using traditional methods of hanging and shooting, but these were found to be too slow and inefficient. To fix this problem, they started using the gas chamber as their main method of murder. When they realized that the tide of the war had turned and that they might be forced to answer for their crimes, the Nazis began to dig up the corpses of those who had been killed in gas chambers and burn them. In order to again make the process more efficient, crematoriums were built on the gas chambers. This section also provides many eyewitness accounts of the concentration camps, mostly prisoners of war.
Resistance and Justice
These sections, written by Frances McClernan and B.Z. Goldberg respectively, are the two shortest in the book. The first, Resistance, describes how the Jewish people resisted during the war, and how some of them escaped. The second and last, Justice, states how everything documented in the book is not the complete record of Nazi crimes, and could never represent the "full horror of the Nazi nightmare". The section also brings the book to a conclusion: "The objective of this effort was to bring before the world the basic pattern and the salient, incontestable facts of the murderous fascist conspiracy against the Jews."
Reception
Initial reviews for The Black Book were mixed. Frederic Ewen called it "the most thoroughly documented and dramatic indictment of the Nazi atrocities available today" and "a story which must be read for its horrible truth". However, Hannah Arendt thought the book a technical failure, saying "The Black Book fails because its authors, submerged in a chaos of details, were unable to understand or make clear the nature of the facts confronting them."
References
1946 non-fiction books
History books about the Holocaust
Rose Hill is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States.
Education
Tomball Independent School District operates schools in the area. Zoned schools include:
Rosehill Elementary School
Tomball Intermediate School
Tomball Junior High School
Tomball High School
Rosehill includes a bilingual program.
Rosehill Christian School is in the area.
Lone Star College (originally the North Harris Montgomery Community College District) serves the community. The territory in Tomball ISD joined the community college district in 1982. The system operates the Fairbanks Center in unincorporated Harris County; Fairbanks Center is a part of Lone Star College–CyFair.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The New York City Sheriff's Office (NYCSO), officially the Office of the Sheriff of the City of New York, is the primary civil law enforcement agency for New York City. The Sheriff's Office is a division of the New York City Department of Finance, operating as an enforcement arm. The Sheriff's Office handles investigations concerning cigarette tax enforcement, real estate property/deed fraud and other matters deemed necessary by the Department of Finance.
In addition, as the city's chief civil law enforcement agency concerning the New York State Court System, the Sheriff's Office enforces a variety of mandates, orders, warrants and decrees issued by courts. Enforcement tools include evictions, seizure of property, arrests and garnishments. Auctions are conducted for property the agency seizes and levies upon.
History
The New York City Sheriff's Office originated in 1626 under the Dutch. Under later English rule, the position became known as the New York County Sheriff's Office. Originally each of the city's five county-boroughs had its own sheriff, each of which held the widest law enforcement jurisdiction in their respective county-boroughs. Like most sheriffs in the United States, these office holders were elected to their positions. Once the city was consolidated in 1898, the New York City Police Department took over the responsibility of policing and criminal investigations throughout New York City, while the Sheriff's Office continued to focus on civil law enforcement and administering the county prison systems. Sheriffs were compensated by charging fees for enforcing civil orders in addition to keep a monetary percentage (known as poundage) of what their office would seize. By 1915, plans were made by the Commissioner of Accounts to alter the way sheriffs were compensated to include a determined salary instead of having the office holder personally retain fees and poundage. Although fees and poundage would still be charged by sheriffs, the monies would be retained for their respective county's use only. In 1938, the first female deputy sheriff was appointed.
On January 1, 1942, the city's five county sheriff's offices were merged to become the Office of the Sheriff of the City of New York. The city's five county sheriffs were abolished and replaced with borough "chief deputies" (later undersheriffs) reporting to the now mayorally-appointed citywide sheriff. A contemporary report of the changes emphasized professionalization of the office, which had become notorious for employing political patronage beneficiaries. The new top five commanders were "all college graduates" and "lawyers like their chief, who promises to keep out politics". At the same time, the sheriff's former responsibility for running prison systems was transferred to the newly established New York City Department of Correction.
Rank structure
In order to be appointed as deputies, candidates must first pass a civil service entrance examination and meet educational/experiential requirements. Candidates must also pass medical and psychological examinations, physical ability tests, and a full background investigation. In addition to deputy sheriffs, the Sheriff's Office employs sworn criminal investigators and an assortment of civilian support personnel.
As of May 3, 2022, Anthony Miranda was appointed the 122nd Sheriff of the City of New York.
Uniform of the Sheriff's Office is a typical NYC law enforcement agent's uniform, with a dark blue shirt with metal badge and collar pins, dark blue trousers, tie, jacket and peaked cap. The Field Support Unit wears a less formal version without metal badges and pins, and with writing on their shirts and jackets. A variety of vests, gloves and other appropriate gear for the season/duty can be worn.
Operational structure
The New York City Sheriff's Office is composed of three sections: Operations, Intelligence, and Support.
Operations section
The operations section is composed of the five county field offices and certain units working citywide. Within the county field offices, deputy sheriffs assigned to civil enforcement duties are referenced as Law Enforcement Bureau (LEB) personnel. LEB deputies perform a wide array of tasks such as evictions, civil arrest warrants, orders to commit, and the seizure and sale of property pursuant to judicial mandates. Businesses and individuals that owe the city money pursuant to unpaid tax warrants, environmental control board summons and fire and health code violation fines are targeted for enforcement action. LEB deputies also serve a wide variety of legal process, with orders of protection considered a priority. Each county field office is complemented by civilian support staff to assist in daily administrative functions and customer service. These field offices are accessible to the public, giving citizens of the county/borough a local place to file court process in need of enforcement. Deputies of the Operations Section may be assigned to duties separate from the LEB, either within a county field office or citywide. These duties include arrests and apprehensions on behalf of other non enforcement city agencies such as the Human Resources Administration, the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene and the Administration for Children's Services. Deputies may be assigned to scofflaw enforcement or security duties at the city treasury. The Operations Section will also provide deputies for any other assignment as deemed necessary by the agency.
Intelligence section
The intelligence section is composed of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI) and the Intelligence Unit. The BCI investigates city tax violation, real property larceny/deed fraud, synthetic narcotic enforcement (such as spice/K2 and bath salts) and other offenses against the Department of Finance. The Intelligence Unit collects, analyzes, and disseminates information from various sources to be readily available for agency use.
Support section
The support section handles communications, property disposition, evidence destruction and field support services for the agency.
Power and authority
Deputy sheriffs and Criminal Investigators (Sheriff Detective and Sheriff Investigator) are New York State peace officers with authority to make warrantless arrests, issue summonses, carry and use a firearm, conducted energy device, baton, pepper spray, handcuffs. Deputy sheriffs receive their peace officer status pursuant to the New York State Criminal Procedure Law (CPL) §2.10 subdivision 2, while criminal investigators receive their peace officer status from CPL §2.10 subdivision 5.
Deputy sheriffs are also civil enforcement officers with authority to enforce the New York State Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR) concerning civil procedure.
Special officers
The Sheriff's office also employs Special Officers who support the deputy sheriffs and criminal investigators. Their uniform patch is similar to the NYPD's School Safety and Traffic Enforcement divisions, with "PUBLIC SAFETY" over the top of the Sheriff patch, to distinguish them from deputies. The Sheriff's Special Officers work as part of the team of sheriff's deputies and detectives and perform bailiff functions and protect the NYC Finance Administrative Hearings Tribunals.
Ranks
Special Officer.
Special Officer Sergeant.
Fallen officers
Since the establishment of the sheriff's offices throughout the five counties of New York City, seven sworn officers have died in the line of duty.
Historical sheriffs
New York City
Effective January 1, 1942, one citywide sheriff began serving all five counties within the City of New York. The following is a list of the citywide sheriffs since the original five county positions were merged. The position is appointed by the Mayor of New York City.
Kings County
Queens County
New York County
The first Sheriff of New York County, Jan Lampo, was in office in 1626, although his title was Schout. Prior to 1942 the Sheriff of New York County was an elected position.
Richmond County
Bronx County
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in New York
Law enforcement in New York City
Coroner of New York City
References
External links
1626 establishments in the Dutch Empire
Government of New York City
Sheriffs' departments of New York (state)
Sheriff's Office
Law enforcement in the New York metropolitan area
Sheriff's Office
In Judaism, Hagalah is a method of making utensils suitable for use with kosher food by immersing utensils in boiling water.
Source in the Torah
This concept is derived from a verse in Parshat Matot that states:
Kasherable materials
Utensils made from any type of metal, stone, wood, bone, leather, or natural rubber may be kashered by hagalah. Earthenware, china, porcelain, glassware, and paper utensils cannot be kashered by hagalah. Any utensil which may get ruined during the hagalah process may not be kashered, out of concern that its owner would not want to properly kosher the utensil in order to avoid damaging it.
Process
Before immersion in the boiling water, the object must be cleaned thoroughly and left unused for a period of 24 hours. All surfaces of the item are then placed into a pot of water that is on the heat source and at a rolling boil.
See also
Tevilat Keilim
Chametz
Milk and meat in Jewish law
References
Jewish ritual purity law
Hebrew words and phrases in Jewish law
Auguste-Joseph Carrier (January 14, 1797 in Paris – February 1875), a French painter. He was a pupil of Gros, Prud'hon, and Saint, and evinced much talent in the painting of miniatures, but in his later years he devoted himself almost entirely to landscapes. Carrier received the Légion d'Honneur in 1866.
References
1797 births
1875 deaths
Painters from Paris
French landscape painters
Portrait miniaturists
Pupils of Antoine-Jean Gros
The Object Windows Library (OWL) is a C++ object-oriented application framework designed to simplify desktop application development for Windows and (some releases) OS/2.
OWL was introduced by Borland in 1991 and eventually deprecated in 1997 in favor of their Visual Component Library (VCL). Its primary competitor was the Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC). OWLNext, an open-source project driven by the OWL user community, has continued the maintenance of OWL, ensuring that the library and applications that use it work with the latest version of Windows and modern C++ compilers.
History
In the early 1990s, Borland dominated the C++ market. In 1991, Borland introduced Borland C++ 3.0 which included OWL 1.0. At that time, C++ was just beginning to replace C for development of commercial software, driven by the rising of the Windows platform and the rapid adoption of object-oriented design. During this period, OWL was a popular choice for Windows application development.
In 1992, Microsoft introduced MFC as part of Microsoft C++ 7.0. As a similar C++ application framework for Windows, MFC immediately became OWL's primary competitor in the C++ application development market.
OWL 1.0 depended on Dynamic Dispatch Virtual Tables (DDVT), a proprietary extension to C++ that allowed the programmer to bind Windows messages (events) to functions (event handlers) in a simple manner and with little run-time overhead. MFC, on the other hand, used a solution that did not require a language extension.
In 1993, Borland launched Borland C++ 4.0 which included OWL 2.0. In this version of OWL, the proprietary DDVT extension was replaced by response tables, a macro-based solution compatible with standard C++ and similar to MFC in use. A conversion tool (OWLCVT) was included to migrate code from OWL 1.0 to OWL 2.0.
In April 1993, Borland and Novell settled an agreement to port OWL to Novell AppWare Foundation. AppWare Foundation was an API designed by Novell to be cross-platform, allowing the deployment of applications on Mac, Windows and Unix clients and with several network services. The main tools for developing in AppWare were OWL and AppBuilder. However, in late 1994, Novell CEO Raymond Noorda resigned. Novell expansion plans were reconsidered, AppWare development was stopped and so was OWL for AppWare. In 1995 a group of original team members bought AppBuilder. In the same year, Software UNO offered a commercial port for OWL 2.0 to several platforms: AIX 3.2.5, DEC OSF/1 AXP, HP-UX 9.03, Linux 1.2, Solaris 2.x, Sun OS 4.1.x, and SVR4 for x86. It was called WM_MOTIF.
In 1995, Borland C++ 4.5 with OWL 2.5 was released. As it was released before Windows 95, Borland promised a free upgrade for any incompatibility present in the final Windows version. In August 1995, Microsoft launched Windows 95 and Visual Studio 4.0. By then, Visual Studio had already eclipsed Borland C++ in shipments, and it was clear that OWL was losing ground to MFC.
In 1996, Borland released Borland C++ 5 for Windows. This version included OWL 5, a major revamp of the library. While OWL 5 received a minor update with the release of Borland C++ 5.02 a little later, version 5 would end up as the final version of OWL by Borland.
In 1997, Borland released C++Builder and deprecated Borland C++. OWL was included on the Companion CD that shipped with C++Builder, but Borland ended maintenance and further development of the library.
In late 1999, Borland stopped selling Borland C++ and OWL.
OWLNext
Shortly after Borland ended the development of OWL, maintenance was taken over by a group of users led by Yura Bidus. This effort evolved into the OWLNext open-source project currently hosted at the SourceForge site. OWLNext is a modern update and extension of OWL with support for the latest Windows versions and modern C++ compilers from Microsoft and Embarcadero.
Shipped releases
Later versions of OWLNext have been released through SourceForge.
References
Further reading
External links
OWL source code from Embarcadero
OWLNext 6.20 from Embarcadero
OWLNext 6.30 from Embarcadero
Borland
C++ libraries
Software derived from or incorporating Wine
Holy Innocents' Episcopal Church is a historic church building at the junction of Main & Craig Street in Como, Mississippi.
The Carpenter Gothic building was constructed in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was designed by James B. Cook, an English architect residing in Memphis, Tennessee, at the time this church was built. Construction was done by Andrew Johnson a Swedish architect who went on to design and build 77 structures in the Sardis area. Twenty-one of his homes and buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Episcopal church buildings in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1873
Churches in Panola County, Mississippi
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Panola County, Mississippi
Dornoch railway station formerly served the town of Dornoch in Sutherland, Scotland.
History
The station was opened in 1902. Donald Mackenzie, formerly station master at Georgemas Junction railway station was appointed first station master of Dornoch. The station was situated near Dornoch Cathedral.
The station was the terminus of the Dornoch Light Railway, a branch railway which was later incorporated into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (in 1923) and the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1948.
The station closed on 13 June 1960.
Other stations on the branch line
The Mound - junction - line still open.
Skelbo
Embo
See also
List of closed railway stations in Britain
References
External links
Disused stations
Dornoch station on navigable 1947 map
Disused railway stations in Sutherland
Former Highland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1902
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Dornoch
The Agynykatty tract is located in the Almaty Region of Kazakhstan. The Agynykatty River washed out a gorge in the mountain range changing its direction. The river bottom does not fill completely with water. In areas where the river used to flow, the dry bottom occupies by the forest that grew on this place.
Location
There is the cities of Sarkand, the villages of Pokatilovka and Topolevka and the Zhalanash cordon on the territory of the tract. The territory is part of the natural Dzhongar-Alatau National Park. The tract is under the protection of the foresters of the Zhalanash cordon.
Description
There is access to the Zhasylkol Lake from the Agynykatty gorge. The lake is a part of the natural park. Rock slabs are located in the area of Topolevka village. One of these slabs descends into a small river. A forest occupies part of the bank river, which originates at an altitude of 1200 m above sea level.
Fir, spruce, aspen, birch and poplar grow here. In some places can be seen the famous Sievers apple tree, which is the ancestor of all cultivated varieties of apple trees. Wooded ridges in this area are called manes (Nikonov mane, Vankov mane, etc.).
The Agynykatty River is the largest tributary of the Lepsy River. There are apiaries and bivouac clearings along with it. Local residents collect the horns of marals from which the medicine Pantokrin is made, as well as useful plants such as golden root and other valuable medicinal herbs.
Sources
Лютерович О. Г. Три популярные экскурсии по Семиречью: Путеводитель, Алматы: «Service Press», 2016.- 92с.
М. Гинатуллин Лингво краеведческий словарь. — Алматы: «Раритет», 2010.
External links
Silkadv.com - Silk Road
Eco-tourism website
Landforms of Almaty Region
The Republican Party, early named Liberian Party, was a political party founded soon after the founding of Liberia in 1848. It was known to be made up primarily of Americo-Liberians who had mixed African and European ancestry. Its main opponent was the True Whig Party.
The first President of Liberia, Joseph Jenkins Roberts, supported the party, which had the first candidates elected to office in the independent nation. The party weakened soon after the death of Roberts. After the end of President James Spriggs Payne's term in 1878, the election of Anthony W. Gardiner to the presidency marked the beginning of nearly a century of True Whig Party dominance in Liberian politics. In 1899, the Republican Party disappeared.
Electoral history
Presidential elections
References
Americo-Liberian organizations
Defunct political parties in Liberia
Political parties established in 1848
Political parties disestablished in 1899
is a Japanese motorcycle racer. He competes in the British Superbike Championship on a factory-supported Honda Fireblade.
Takahashi has raced in the Japan Road Race Championship in the GP125 class, in the GP250 class, where he was champion in 2008, and in the JSB1000 class, where he was champion in 2017. He won the Suzuka 8 Hours in 2010 with Ryuichi Kiyonari and Takaaki Nakagami and in 2013 and 2014 with Michael van der Mark and Leon Haslam. A test rider for Honda Racing Corporation, Takahashi in 2015 made a wild card appearance in his home race in the MotoGP World Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
MotoGP World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Saitama (city)
Ellington Suite is an album by drummer and bandleader Chico Hamilton's Quintet featuring multi-instrumentalist Buddy Collette released on the World Pacific label. Hamilton recorded the album to replace recordings from 1958 which were originally shelved and issued as The Original Ellington Suite in 2000.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states: "Well worth picking up by listeners fortunate enough to find it, this is one of Hamilton's hardest-swinging sets of the 1950s".
Track listing
"Take the "A" Train & Perdido" (Billy Strayhorn / Juan Tizol) - 2:58
"Everything But You" (Duke Ellington, Harry James, Don George) - 4:30
"Lucky So and So" (Ellington, Mack David) - 4:51
"Azure" (Ellington, Irving Mills) - 3:29
"I'm Beginning to See the Light" (Ellington, James, George, Johnny Hodges) - 4:00
"In a Mellow Tone" (Ellington, Milt Gabler) - 3:35
"Sittin' and a Rockin'" (Ellington, Strayhorn, Lee Gaines) - 3:19
"In a Sentimental Mood" (Ellington, Manny Kurtz) - 4:43
"Daydream" (Ellington, Strayhorn, John La Touche) - 3:52
"It Doesn't Mean a Thing" (Ellington, Mills) - 4:16
Personnel
Chico Hamilton - drums
Paul Horn - alto saxophone, flute
Buddy Collette - tenor saxophone, alto saxophone
Fred Katz - cello
Jim Hall - guitar
Carson Smith - bass
References
World Pacific Records albums
Chico Hamilton albums
1959 albums
Anna Vasilyevna Shukina (; also transliterated as Shchukina or Schukina; born 5 November 1987) is a Russian retired ice hockey defenceman and former member of the Russian national ice hockey team.
In December 2017, Shukina was banned for life by the Oswald Commission of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for doping violations made while participating in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics. She filed an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) and, in 2018, won the appeal and the sanctions against her were annulled.
Shukina has twice been on Russian Championship winning teams, Tornado Dmitrov in 2015 and Agidel Ufa in 2017. She has also received individual Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL) awards for Most Goals by a Defenceman in the 2015–16 season, while playing with Dynamo Saint Petersburg, and in the 2016–17 season, while playing with Agidel Ufa, and Most Points by a Defenceman in the 2015–16 season. She also played seven seasons with SKIF Nizhny Novgorod and served as captain during the 2019–20 season.
International career
Shukina was selected for the Russian national team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games of the tournament and scored two goals.
Shukina represented Russia at eight IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2008 and she won bronze medals as part of the team in 2013 and 2016.
Though the ban was annulled in 2018, Shukina did not represent Russia in any international competition following the 2017 IOC ban for doping violations.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Alexandrovsky District, Vladimir Oblast
Russian women's ice hockey defencemen
HC SKIF players
HC Tornado players
HC Agidel Ufa players
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in ice hockey
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Vladimir Oblast
is a train station in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Rouhollah Hosseini (; born 23 September 1978) is a retired amateur boxer from Iran, who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the Super heavyweight (+91 kg) division and lost in the first round to Mark Simmons of Canada. He is also a two time Asian Games bronze medalist.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Iranian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Iran
Boxers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1998 Asian Games
Boxers at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Super-heavyweight boxers
20th-century Iranian people
21st-century Iranian people
The flag of the Kingdom of Thailand (; , meaning 'tricolour flag') shows five horizontal stripes in the colours red, white, blue, white and red, with the central blue stripe being twice as wide as each of the other four. The design was adopted on 28 September 1917, according to the royal decree issued by Rama VI. Since 2016, that day is a national day of importance in Thailand celebrating the flag.
The colours are said to stand for nation-religion-king, an unofficial motto of Thailand, red for the land and people, white for religions and blue for the monarchy, the last having been the auspicious colour of Rama VI. As the king declared war on Germany that July, some note the flag now bore the same colours as those of the UK, France, Russia and the United States.
Design
The Flag Act of BE 2522 (1979) stipulates the design of the national flag as "rectangular in shape with 6 part width and 9 part length, divided into five stripes throughout the length of the flag; with the middle stripe being 2 part wide, of deep blue colour, and the white stripes being 1 part wide next to each side of the deep blue stripes, and the red stripes being 1 part wide next to each side of the white stripes. The National Flag shall also be called the Tri-Rong flag".
Colour standards
The colours of the flag were standardised in an announcement of the Office of the Prime Minister dated 30 September 2017, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of its adoption. It gives recommended values for determining the standard colours of physical cloth flags, defined in the CIELAB colour space under Illuminant D65 as follows.
Construction Sheet
History
The first flag used for Siam was probably a plain red one, first used under Narai (1656–1688). Naval flags later used different symbols on the red ground—a white chakra, or the Hindu mythological elephant Airavata inside the chakra.
Officially the first flag was created in 1855 by Mongkut (Rama IV), showing a white elephant on red ground, as the plain coloured flag was not distinct enough for international relations.
In 1916 the flag was changed to show a white elephant in royal regalia. In 1916, the current design, but with the middle colour being the same red as the outer stripe, was defined as the civil ensign. The story goes that during a flood Vajiravudh (Rama VI) saw the flag hanging upside-down, and to prevent this from happening again created a new flag which was symmetrical. Later in 1917, the middle colour was changed to dark blue, which was similar in tone to indigo, which at the time was regarded as the auspicious colour for Saturday, the day Vajiravudh was born. According to other sources, the blue colour was also chosen to show solidarity with the Allies of World War I, which also had the colours blue-red-white in their flags.
Timeline
Maritime flags
The naval ensign of the Royal Thai Navy (RTN) is the national flag with a red circle in the middle that reaches as far as the red stripes at the top and bottom. In the circle stands a white elephant, in full caparison, facing the hoist. The kingdom's naval jack is the national flag defaced with the emblem of the Royal Thai Navy in the middle. The regimental colours of the RTN is as same as this flag; both ensigns were adopted in 1917.
See also
List of Thai flags
Royal Standard of Thailand
Royal Flags of Thailand
List of Military flags of Thailand
Flag of India, which has a similar name "Tiranga"
Flag desecration in Thailand
Sources
References
External links
Royal Flags (Thailand)
Siam Flag museum (Thai only)
Historical Thai flag
National symbols of Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Yukarıçamlı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 156 people. It is 18 km from the Bolu Central District Center.
References
Villages in Bolu District
High-A (officially Class High-A, formerly known as Class A-Advanced, and sometimes abbreviated "A+" in writing) is the third-highest level of play in Minor League Baseball in the United States and Canada, below Triple-A and Double-A, and above Single-A. There are 30 teams classified at the High-A level, one for each team in Major League Baseball (MLB), organized into three leagues: the Midwest League, Northwest League, and South Atlantic League.
History
Class High-A was established as a classification level within Minor League Baseball in 1990 by subdividing the existing Class A. Class A had been the third-highest level in the minor leagues since 1936 (when it was below Double-A and Class A1) and a hierarchy of Triple-A and Double-A above Class A had been in place since 1946. In 1963, the three classes below Class A (Classes B, C, and D) were abolished, with leagues at those levels moved into Class A. In 1965, Class A was subdivided for the first time, with the establishment of lower-level Class A Short Season leagues.
The 1965 hierarchy was in place for 25 years, until Class A was further subdivided in 1990, with Class A-Advanced becoming the third-highest classification:
Triple-A
Double-A
Class A-Advanced
Class A ("Full-Season A")
Class A Short Season ("Short-Season A")
Rookie league
Three leagues, each previously Class A, received the Class A-Advanced designation: the California League, Carolina League, and Florida State League. This arrangement continued until 2021, when Major League Baseball (MLB) restructured the minor leagues, eliminating Class A Short Season and discontinuing the use of all historical league names within Minor League Baseball. The existing Class A-Advanced leagues were moved to the Class A level and operated under generic names (Low-A West, Low-A East, and Low-A Southeast) during 2021. The Class A-Advanced level was officially renamed as "Class High-A", and also operated three leagues during 2021 with generic names: High-A Central, High-A East, and High-A West. These three High-A leagues had historically been known as the Midwest League, South Atlantic League, and Northwest League—the first two had previously operated at the Class A level, while the latter had previously operated at the Class A Short Season level. Following MLB's acquisition of the rights to the names of the historical minor leagues, MLB announced on March 16, 2022, that the leagues would revert to their prior names, effective with the 2022 season.
Current teams
Midwest League
Northwest League
South Atlantic League
Playoffs
On June 30, 2021, Minor League Baseball announced that the top two teams in each league (based on full-season winning percentage, and regardless of division) would meet in a best-of-five postseason series to determine league champions.
References
External links
Minor league baseball
Midwest League
Northwest League
South Atlantic League
Guberevci is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 610 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Kansas Health Foundation (KHF) is a nonprofit organization based in Wichita, Kansas, U.S., but is statewide in its focus and grantmaking abilities. Its mission is to improve public health and wellness throughout Kansas. Through grantmaking, the foundation works to "improve the health of all Kansans by promoting health and wellness in schools, neighborhoods and workplaces; to grow leaders in communities; inspire decision makers; and act as a voice for healthy public policy in Kansas for generations."
The KHF (originally the Wesley Medical Endowment Foundation) has shifted from its original focus on medical cures, instead switching predominantly towards preventive solutions for public health. It uses a wide range of approaches. For instance, it has funded warm clothing for schoolchildren, currently funds public health research and data, and attempts to develop future civic and healthcare leaders.
With over $500 million in net assets, the KHF is one of the nation's wealthiest such foundations.
History
In 1985, the Wesley Medical Center, in Wichita, Kansas, one of Kansas' largest hospitals, was sold to the for-profit Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) by the hospital's founder/owner, the Kansas West Conference of the United Methodist Church. The sale's profits ($265 million) were used to fund two organizations focused on improving health in Kansas:
United Methodist Health Ministry Fund and
Wesley Medical Endowment Foundation, which became the Kansas Health Foundation (KHF)
Over the years, the foundation has helped start the:
Kansas Health Institute, in Topeka, Kansas, which provides health data to policymakers,
Tobacco-Free Kansas Coalition, in Topeka, which campaigns against tobacco consumption in Kansas,
Kansas Leadership Center, in Wichita, which provides leadership training for Kansas civic activists.
The KHF has partnered with over 40 other Kansas community foundations, organizations and programs, largely to help fund and promote health and wellness improvement efforts throughout the state.
In 1997, the KHF focused more specifically on children's health. Partnering with the state's largest advertising agency, Sullivan, Higdon, Sink, the KHF developed the "Take It Outside" campaign to urge adults to avoid smoking in homes and buildings where children are present.
The KHF later became heavily involved with Kansas state government, and universities, and local governments in Kansas—particularly through the joint Kansas Public Health Workforce Development Coordinating Council —to fund, develop and coordinate public health workforce training through various educational methodologies, delivery methods and opportunities. Examples have included:
Kansas Public Health Grand Rounds (continuing education programs and webinars for Kansas physicians), operated with funding from the KHF
The Masters in Public Health (M.P.H.) degree program at the University of Kansas and other Kansas universities, developed with the assistance of the KHF (including $1.8 million in 2008).
The Nurse Practitioner degree and certification program at Kansas universities, developed with KHF assistance.
The "One Health Kansas" program, to help manage the health risks and effects of the health interrelationships between people, animals and the environment (including diseases transmitted from plants and animals to people, emerging zoonotic diseases, effects of human migration and global trade)—developed in 2008 by Kansas State University with over $2 million in funding from the KHF.
In 2014, the KHF—operating through its KHF Fellows program—began looking into the links between mental illness and tobacco-related death, asserting that 26% of Kansas smokers suffered from some sort of mental illness.
Financial portfolio and management
With an initial $200 million endowment to focus on improving the health of all Kansans, the KHF quickly became one of the 40 largest grantmaking foundations in the United States, and it ranked as one of the top 10 U.S. healthcare foundations.
Growing from the original $200 million endowment, the foundation reportedly had $440 million in assets in 2010, to $469 million in assets by the end of 2012. Assets topped $475 million, by May 2013, ultimately reaching $519 million in net assets in 2013, making the foundation the largest philanthropic entity in the state, according to KHI Pres. Steven Coen, and making it one of the nation's wealthiest such foundations, according to its official website.
The foundation funds programs with the interest earned from investments of the original endowment, preserving it as a perpetual funding source. In 2012, it issued over $22.9 million in grants, and by then it had issued over $500 million in grants since its origins in 1985.
Key people
The foundation is led by President and CEO Steve Coen and Board of Director Chairwoman Commissioner Shelly Buhler.
Facilities
KHF operates out of its custom-built $9-million downtown multi-story glass building at 309 E. Douglas, in Wichita, Kansas (zip 67202), since the building's completion in 2013. The facility is shared with some of the KHF's affiliate entities, including the Kansas Leadership Center.
Outcomes
Little clear and detailed information is readily available online about the correlation between Kansas health changes and KHF-backed programs.
General health
Citing the website America's Health Rankings (an annual report published by major philanthropic organizations and health groups), the KHF concedes that Kansas fell from the 8th to the 27th healthiest state in the country, during the years 1991 through 2014, when KHF programs were well underway.
Children
According to the 2014 KIDS COUNT Data Book, by the Annie E. Casey Foundation—the leading reference on child health and welfare in the U.S.—Kansas ranked 15th among the 50 states in overall child well-being. (NOTE: Earlier data was not readily available).
Smoking and tobacco use
Tobacco use (particularly cigarette smoking) is Kansas' top cause of preventable death and disease, with one of every five Kansas adults smoking cigarettes.
However, the KHF largely blames this on decisions by Kansas legislators and governors to underfund tobacco prevention, making Kansas (in 2013) 41st in the nation for per-capita spending on tobacco prevention. In 2013, the federal government's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommended that states spend $32.1 million annually on tobacco prevention, but Kansas was only funding such programs at $946,671 per year, despite collecting a combined $154.3 million in 2013 from the settlement and tobacco taxes. Critics cite Kansas politicians' decisions to divert the state's share of the tobacco lawsuit settlement away from tobacco-use prevention and mitigation towards completely unrelated activity, particularly to plug shortfalls in the state budget and facilitate tax cuts.
Kansas Department of Health and Education former spokeswoman Miranda Steele has countered that the state's high-school smoking rate (at 14%, below the nationwide average of 18%) is below the smoking rates of neighboring states, including some which spend more, per person, on tobacco prevention.
References
External links
Medical and health organizations based in Kansas
Asianism may refer to
Asiatic style
Pan-Asianism
Alok R. Babu (born 2 May 1989), known as All Ok, is an Indian Kannada rapper, singer, actor & music-producer. He is known for Kannada rap songs like Don't Worry, Yaakinge, Happy, Nan Kannadiga, Deja Vu, Urban Lads and many more.
Personal life
Alok Babu was born to Ramesh Babu and Tara Ramesh. He has a younger sister. He completed his PUC in Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College, Jayanagar, and later pursued his BBM degree from City college of management studies at Bengaluru. He produced the Kannada's first rap song, 'Young Engo'. Ever since, All OK produced new talents of Kannada Hip-Hop.
He married Nisha Natarajan in November, 2019.
Career
He started his career as lead singer in Kannada's first hip-hop band & album 'Urban lads' and acted as one of the lead for Kannada hit movie Josh. Since then he has acted in more than twenty five movies in five different languages and has composed, directed and produced many independent music videos which have been well received by the audience.
All Ok's one of famous tracks, 'Don't Worry', was played and appreciated at BBC Radio London hosted by the popular RJ Ashanti Omkar. In addition, All OK's Don't Worry, was featured on Rolling Stone India.
Filmography
References
External links
Indian rappers
Male actors in Kannada cinema
Kannada male actors
Male actors from Bangalore
21st-century Indian male actors
1989 births
Living people
Mobile Web Ghana is a technology hub and a co-working space in Accra, Ghana that empowers entrepreneurs and the youth through mobile and web technology training. It was started in October 2010, as part of the World Wide Web Foundation ‘Mobile Entrepreneurship Ghana' program. Mobile Web Ghana was among the tech hubs represented at Impact Hub Accra during the visit of French President Emmanuel Macron and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte. MWG and iSpace Foundation led the Unlocking Women and Technology (UWAT) to equip women and ladies technology and entrepreneurial skills in Accra.
See also
iSpace Foundation
Impact Hub Accra
References
Community centres
is a Japanese racing driver. He has competed in such series as Super GT and the All-Japan Formula Three Championship.
Racing career
Takuto Iguchi began his motorsports career in 2000 with kart racing in his hometown of Fukuoka. Iguchi raced karts in various Japanese series, winning the FA class of the Japan Kart Championship in 2005.
in 2006 and 2007 Iguchi raced in the Formula Toyota and Formula Challenge Japan series.
Iguchi moved to All Japan Formula Three in 2008, racing for TOM'S. He finished sixth place in the 2009 Macau Grand Prix, The highest place finish of any Japanese driver that year. Iguchi raced one season of Formula Nippon in 2010 for Deliziefollie/Cerumo-Inging finishing thirteenth in the drivers' championship.
Takuto Iguchi began racing in Super GT in 2008. He currently drives for R&D Sport in a Subaru BRZ
Nurburgring 24 hours
Iguchi first took competed in the 24 Hours Nurburgring in 2012 taking the SP3 class victory with Gazoo Racing in a Toyota 86. Takuto Iguchi raced in the 2014 and 2015 24 Hours Nurburgring also for Gazoo, racing a Lexus LFA CodeX in both races and won the SP-PRO class victory both years.
Racing record
Complete Super GT results
‡ Half points awarded as less than 75% of race distance was completed.
* Season still in progress.
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese racing drivers
Japanese Formula 3 Championship drivers
Super GT drivers
Formula Nippon drivers
Formula Challenge Japan drivers
TOM'S drivers
Toyota Gazoo Racing drivers
Nürburgring 24 Hours drivers
Enbekshikazakh District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Esik. Population:
Notable people
Quddus Khojamyarov (1918–1994), composer
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Vallikeezhu or Vallikeezh is a neighbourhood situated at the northern region of Kollam city. It is about 5 km away from Chinnakada, the city centre of Kollam. Vallikeezhu is the 5th ward in Kollam Municipal Corporation council.
Importance
Vallikeezhu is an important neighbourhood of Kollam city. It is very close to Neendakara fishing harbour. The proposed Kollam Bypass will start from Althramoodu near Vallikeezhu. Govt. Higher Secondary School Vallikeezhu is a famous school in this locality. LDF is the ruling front of Vallikeezhu.
References
Neighbourhoods in Kollam
An ARRL Numbered Radiogram is a brevity code used in composing ARRL Radiograms during times of radio congestion.
The code is used to transmit standard messages, sometimes with customized text, very quickly by experienced ARRL National Traffic System (NTS) message traffic handlers.
In use, ARRL Numbered Radiograms are messages encoded as one or two numbers. The numbers are always written down as words, and are always preceded by the procedure word "ARL". Throughout their transit in the Amateur radio National Traffic System, they retain this format and are only expanded to their plain-English meaning when delivered by a Ham. For example, "ARL FORTY-SIX" would be typed in a letter or spoken over the phone to the addressee as "Greetings on your birthday and best wishes for many more to come." For those codes where customized text can be added, the customized text is added immediately following the number code word. For example, "ARL SIXTY TWO CHRISTMAS" is expanded upon delivery outside of the NTS System as "Greetings and best wishes to you for a pleasant Christmas holiday season.".
See also
Amateur radio
American Radio Relay League
ARRL Radiogram
National Traffic System
References
Brevity codes
Amateur radio
Gian Paolo Gobbo (Treviso, 1 April 1949) is an Italian politician. He is the President of Liga Veneta, the "national" section of Lega Nord in Veneto.
In 1978–1980 he was a founding member of Liga Veneta. In 1990 and 1995, he was elected to the Regional Council of Veneto and was Vice President of Veneto from 1994 to 1995.
Gobbo was a member of the European Parliament for the Lega Nord from 1999 to 2004 and then, again, from 2006 to 2009.
He was Mayor of Treviso from 2003 to 2013.
In January 2010, Gobbo was indicted along with 35 other members of the Lega Nord on charges relating to an attempt to form an armed criminal gang during the late 1990s.
References
1949 births
Living people
Venetist politicians
Lega Nord MEPs
MEPs for Italy 2004–2009
MEPs for Italy 1999–2004
Members of the Regional Council of Veneto
Mayors of Treviso
Maqsudabad-e Bala () may refer to:
Maqsudabad-e Bala, Razavi Khorasan
Maqsudabad-e Bala, West Azerbaijan
The Pakistan National Alliance (Urdu: پاکستان قومی اتحاد, Acronym: PNA), was a populist and consolidated right-wing political alliance, consisting of nine political parties of the country. Formed in 1977, the country's leading right-wing parties agreed upon to run a political campaign as a single bloc against the left oriented PPP in the 1977 general elections.
Despite each parties standing with a different ideology, PNA was noted for its large physical momentum and its right-wing orientation, originally aimed to oppose Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and the PPP. Despite its right-wing populist agenda, the alliance performed poorly in the 1977 general election and levelled accusations of rigging the elections. After months of spontaneous violent political activism, the martial law came in effect under chief of army staff General Zia-ul-Haq who made call for a political retribution. By 1978, the alliance met its end when parties diverged in each of its agenda. The left-wing parties later would form the MRD alliance under PPP to oppose President Zia-ul-Haq in the 1980s and the right-wing forming the IDA alliance under PML.
History
The PPP came in power politics after the loss of East-Pakistan in 1971. After uplifting the martial law in 1972 and promulgating the constitution in 1973, the PPP made slow efforts to advance the "Islam and democracy" in the country, but intensified the socialism with a vengeance. First and foremost, the nationalisation program was carried out to centralise the large-scale industries, private-sector and commercial corporation to set up the strong state sector. Resentment and heavy disapproval came from the elite corporate sector and PPP intensified its public programs at the social circles. Although the general elections were to be held on half of 1977, Bhutto made a move and called for holding the general elections on 7 January 1977.
Early calls for the elections was an idea to not to given time to the opposition to make decisions and arrangements for the forthcoming elections. Immediately after the announcement, Bhutto started his election campaign and began allotting party tickets to party's candidates. Sensing the difficulty of facing PPP alone, the conservative mass began to consolidate when JeI contacting the Pakistan Muslim League (PML) and TeI. The other small nine parties too joined the alliance and initially called for ending the era of stagflation in the country and its manifesto was to bring back the 1970 prices.
On social views, the implementation of Islam was its primary election slogan. They promised to enforce Islamic laws "Nizam-e-Mustafa" and the Sharia laws. The PNA's parties were a conglomerate of diverse views and of contradictory causes and united by common dislike of PPP's autocratic policies:
Right-wing populism and violence
At this platform, the modern European style-influenced forces formed an alliance with totally opposite of hard-line Islamist forces. The alliance decided to contest the elections under one election symbol "plough" and a green flag with nine stars as its ensign.
Contesting the 1977 elections jointly the PNA launched a national campaign against the government after the controversial and allegedly rigged results showing the Peoples Party as an overwhelming victory in the general elections. The agitation caught the Peoples Party and its political scientists, by surprise and after several months of street fighting and demonstrations. Under advised by his advisers, Bhutto opened negotiations with the then PNA leadership but whether or not it would have been signed by all PNA parties or by Bhutto remains open to speculation. In a single unusual anti-Bhutto bloc, the alliance seemed to be effective when tapping a wave to remove Bhutto from government.
Meanwhile, Bhutto's trusted confident and a lifelong companion dr. Mubashir Hassan tried to handle the situation on behalf of Bhutto by bringing the alliance on a table to reach an agreement of co-existence and a vital political solution. On other hand, Hassan advised Bhutto to not rely either on establishment or use the force to curb the alliance. An agreement was eventually reached in June 1977 and Bhutto was to sign it on 5 July. However, despite the enthusiasm of the negotiating team, other PNA leaders had reservations about the agreement. In response, Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto also tried to crush the power of this alliance, with the help of his agencies such as FSF and Rangers and for this reason was also considered for the cause of Bhutto's hanging on 4 April 1979. In a coup staged by General Zia, Bhutto was removed from office with the majority of his colleagues.
Authoritarianism and PNA split
The conservatives and Islamist fronts went to General Zia-ul-Haq, Chief of Army Staff and Admiral Mohammad Shariff, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, and convinced them to remove Bhutto and no other agreement is reached with Bhutto and his colleagues remained stubborn. The absence of a formal agreement between the government and the PNA was used as an excuse by the Pakistan Defence Forces under its chairman Admiral Mohammad Shariff which led to stage a Coup d'état (see Operation Fair Play) by General Ziaul Haque to break the impasse. Those justifying the coup, argue that no agreement had been reached between the two sides.
Controversy regarding foreign support
On 5 July 1977, the PPP accused the United States of plotting the coup and maintained that the coup had tacit consent from the United States. A few before the martial law, Bhutto had indicated that few foreign powers had been engineering his downfall, though he did not name which foreign powers. Several Pakistani scholars and researchers have given credence to Bhutto's claim. The veracity of these claims are difficult to verify since the United States has strongly rejected any claims of their involvement in downfall of Bhutto. Though, former American Attorney General Ramsey Clark did question the "knowledge, hence the tacit approval" of the coup staged against the PPP.
Further media investigative research showed that one of PNA's leading politician, Air Marshal (retired) Asghar Khan who was perhaps closer to the secret establishment, had received millions of Rupees from the establishment account to fight against the PPP. Reportedly, it was Asghar Khan who ultimately called for military take over and hanging of Bhutto. After imposition of martial law, the retired air marshal withdrew himself from the front line of the PNA and took a back seat.
In 1998, Benazir Bhutto publicly announced her belief that her father was "sent to the gallows at the instance of the superpower (most believe it to be USA) for pursuing the nuclear capability, though she did not disclose the name of the foreign power.
Alliance members
The Alliance unusually consisted of 9 parties, with complete different ideologies, backgrounds, and political goals. As of today, the parties have been separated from its original bloc, and formed different parties with different names. And, as of the 1970s, the fronts and parties that Bhutto and his colleagues were facing are listed below in their respective categories:
Jamaat-e-Islami (JI)
Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (JUI)
Jamiat Ulema-e-Pakistan (JUP)
National Democratic Party (NDP)
Balochistan National Party (BNP)
Muslim League (Qayyum) (ML-Q)
Muslim League (Functional) (ML-F)
Democratic Party (PDP)
Tehreek e Istaqlal (TI)
See also
Islami Jamhoori Ittehad
Politics of Pakistan
History of Pakistan
List of political parties in Pakistan
Movement for Restoration of Democracy - a nine-party alliance formed to oppose Zia-ul-Haq
References
1970s in Pakistan
Conservative parties in Pakistan
Defunct political party alliances in Pakistan
Political history of Pakistan
Awami National Party
Political repression in Pakistan
Government of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto
Pakistan Muslim League (Q)
Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan
Right-wing populism in Asia
Eco-nationalism (also known as ecological nationalism or green nationalism) is a synthesis of nationalism and green politics. Eco-nationalists may be from many points across the left–right political spectrum, but all are bound to the idea that the nation-state and its citizens have a special duty to protect the environment of their country.
Definitions and tenets
According to Jane Dawson, eco-nationalism is the rise of social movements that closely connect problems of environment protection with nationalist concerns. Dawson also surmised that eco-nationalism is "the synthesis of environmentalism, national identity, and the struggle for justice". Professors of history K. Sivaramakrishnan and Gunnel Cederlöf have defined eco-nationalism as, whether nativist or cosmopolitan in nature, "when the state appropriates the environment and environmental policies as forms of national pride, thereby consolidating and legitimating the nation."
One of the first instances of eco-nationalism was in the 1980s in the then Soviet Union, where citizens perceived environmental degradation as both a systemic fault of socialism and a direct result of Moscow's desire to weaken a particular nation by destroying its natural base, and exploiting its resources. Estonian, Lithuanian and Ukrainian independence movements drew great strength from environmental activism, especially from an antinuclear stance. In 1985–1991, eco-nationalism was one of the symptoms and at the same time a new impulse of the disintegration of the Soviet Union.
Eco-nationalism as defined by anthropologists often manifests in the adoption of nature as an entity outside of culture that must be protected in its pristine and untouched state whenever possible. In subaltern studies and cultural anthropology, eco-nationalism refers to the iconification of native species and landscapes in a way that appeals to a nationalist sentiment.
Ethnic Eco-nationalism vs. Civic Eco-nationalism
When discussing eco-nationalism, many writers have noted it is important to understand the difference between ethnic nationalism and civic nationalism. Ethnic nationalism believes that the nation-state should be constructed primarily around a single ethnicity, whereas civic nationalism believes that the nation-state should be constructed around a diversity of people who all share common values, beliefs, and culture. The former tends to be insular, isolationist, nativist, and typically right-wing, while the latter is open, egalitarian, multicultural, and typically more left-wing. Whether ethno nationalist or civic nationalist, when a nationalist group adds an environmentalist dimension to their ideology, they believe the nation-state and its citizens have a duty to protect the environment of the country.
Bioregionalism
Bioregionalism is the belief that political, cultural, and economic systems are more environmentally sustainable and just if they are organized around naturally defined areas called bioregions. This idea that a state should conform to the natural geography of the land is compatible with the older nationalist concept of a natural border, which also believes that natural geography should determine the borders of a state. Due to the compatibility of these two ideas, Bioregionalism is often a tenet of eco-nationalist thought.
Ecotourism and cultural eco-nationalism
Eco-nationalism can manifest in ecotourism, which can enrich local economies but has garnered criticism from a variety of perspectives. Artistic works that extol the virtues of a nation's natural phenomena, such as the poetry of William Wordsworth or the paintings of the Group of Seven, are another expression of eco-nationalism.
National examples
Africa
Nigeria
The struggle of the Ogoni people in Ogoniland in coastal south Nigeria against the national government has been characterised as an eco-nationalist movement by Jane Dawson. Following the discovery of oil in the region during the 1960s, the federal government altered how states in Nigeria were budgeted. Before the discovery of oil, a state's budget was based on how much it contributed to the national economy, but after the discovery of oil, the policy became that wealth must be shared out amongst all states. The result of this was that little of the newfound wealth being generated in Ogoniland was reinvested locally, and was instead redistributed to the more politically powerful states in the north of the country. The small percentage of wealth reinvested into Ogoniland was invested into building oil infrastructure, infrastructure which had dire environmental consequences on the region. As a result, Ogoni nationalism took on a distinctive environmentalist dimension in response to these issues.
Asia
India
The struggle of the practitioners of the Sarna sthal religion in India, particularly in the Jharkhand state, to receive official recognition from the state has been described by some as an "eco-nationalist" one, as the Sarna identity has been suggested to born out of a sense of nation infused with ecological thinking.
Taiwan
Some scholars have suggested that Civic Eco-nationalism is a distinct feature of Taiwanese politics. Similar to countries in the Eastern Bloc in the 1980s, Environmentalism protests in Taiwan in the 1990s were a means by which the citizens could indirectly criticise the party-state. Just like the Baltic nations in the Soviet Union, Environmentalism as a mass movement began in Taiwan as a backlash against the introduction of Nuclear power. Protests against the construction of the Lungmen Nuclear Power Plant led by Lin Yi-hsiung in 1994 have been cited as a foundation point for Eco-nationalism in Taiwan as well as part of the momentum that led to Taiwan's transition to democracy in the late 1990s and 2000s. Part of Chen Shui-bian's platform in the historic 2000 Taiwanese presidential election, in which the ruling Kuomintang lost for the first time ever, was to halt the construction of the Lungmen plant. The issue of nuclear power, and specifically Lungmen, have never been resolved in Taiwan and following the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan in 2011, the issue of nuclear power once again became a key issue in Taiwanese politics.
Another area in which Taiwanese environmentalism and eco-nationalism can be seen demonstrated is in the politics of Taiwan's indigenous population. A persistent critique in Taiwan is that land traditionally held by indigenous Taiwanese has been transformed by the state into mines and national parks, while the indigenous have been prevented by the state from using the same land for homes or for hunting. In 2018, a member of the New Power Party stated that 80% of Taiwan's 217 mining areas were located in aboriginal territories. This situation has led to the ongoing Indigenous Ketagalan Boulevard protest, which began in 2017. Another example of the environmental burden placed on indigenous Taiwanese has been the issue of nuclear waste dumping practised in secret by the state on the largely indigenous Orchid Island. The discovery of this nuclear dumping led to mass protests in 2002. The sentiment that the price of Taiwan's industrial development has unfairly fallen on indigenous communities has led to the growth of Eco-nationalism in Taiwan, with Eco-Nationalists arguing that the struggle of the indigenous must be tied to environmentalism and that there must be environmental justice for the indigenous.
Another cited example of a merger of Taiwanese nationalism and environmentalism is in the increasing environmental aspect of the "huan-dao"; the huan-dao is an emerging Taiwanese tradition in which a Taiwanese citizen cycles the entire length of the country along Taiwan Cycling Route No.1. Considered both a coming-of-age ritual and an act of Taiwanese patriotism, an developing aspect of the huan-dao is for travellers to collect and dispose of waste along the route as a patriotic act.
Europe
Baltic nations and Ukraine
As noted above, some of the first instances of eco-nationalism were observed in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Ukraine in the 1980s. It was during this time period that nationalists in those countries discovered that the Soviet Union did not seek to block anti-government activity if it was under the banner of environmentalism. Thus nationalists in those countries threw themselves into environmental causes, particular after the Chernobyl disaster. In Estonia, eco-nationalists campaigned on the issues of oil-shale pollution, nuclear risk and mineral (phosphate) mining. In Latvia, fears about the potential damages to the natural environment by large hydro-dams on the Daugava River, as well as concerns that the symbols of the Latvian nation the Oak and Linden tree species were being destroyed. The eco-nationalism of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Ukraine are described as being eco-civic-nationalist rather than eco-ethno-nationalist.
Scotland
The centre-left, civic nationalist Scottish National Party has been described in some sources as eco-nationalist; Espousing Scottish nationalism, the SNP has accused the Westminster government of being a "negligent landlord" that tosses its waste and pollution in Scotland. The SNP is noted for a longstanding willingness to work alongside environmental activists. In 2019 the SNP-led Scottish government was one of the first countries in the world to officially declare a climate emergency and followed this up with the radical Climate Change (Emissions Reduction Targets) (Scotland) Act 2019. The act was subsequently praised by the UN as "an inspiring example of the level of ambition we need globally to achieve the Paris Agreement". Following the 2021 Scottish Parliament election, the SNP and Scottish Greens entered into a ruling coalition together. Like the SNP, the Scottish Greens favour independence from the United Kingdom.
Spain
Republican Left of Catalonia, a Catalan nationalist party, has been described as eco-nationalist. In 2017 they passed a climate emergency declaration through the Catalan parliament that would have taken radical actions such as banning fracking, planning a closure of all nuclear facilities by 2027 and a reduction in emissions of 27% at a minimum by 2030. However, the Spanish supreme court vetoed the act after deeming it to be unconstitutional because it exceeds the scope of powers granted to regional parliaments in Spain. In addition to their work in the Catalan parliament, the ERC (Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya) have been praised by the Climate Action Network for their work in the European Parliament, where between 2014 and 2019 ERC were deemed to have a pro-climate voting record even better than Spain's main green party, Greens Equo, and were ranked amongst the best performers on green issues of any party sitting in the entire European Parliament.
The left-wing Galician Nationalist Bloc has also been called eco-nationalist. The party has called for laws that would provide protection to the landscape and ecosystems while addressing issues of mobility, waste, energy, mining and water management. In 2019 the party asked for the creation of a crisis cabinet at the regional level in Spain to act on the climate emergency, as well as to tackle the threat of invasive species as a threat to water management and biodiversity.
France
In 2014, the nationalist leader of the French National Front, Marine Le Pen, launched a 'patriotic ecology' project. Termed New Ecology, the movement branded itself on a nativist form of environmentalism - encouraging locally sourced products being an example. In keeping with Le Pen's nationalist agenda, Le Pen described open borders as "anti-ecological". Conversely, Le Pen also promised to "decree an immediate moratorium on wind energy" In an article in the Huffington Post, the Danish entrepreneur Jens Martin Skibsted, reported that he once saw Marine Le Pen's father and former leader of the National Front, Jean-Marie Le Pen, "cut a water melon in two to demonstrate that green environmentalists were in fact hidden red communists."
Hungary
The Hungarian political party Our Homeland Movement has been described as chauvinistically eco-nationalist in orientation; for example, the party has called on Hungarians to show patriotism by supporting the removal of pollution from the Tisza River while simultaneously placing the blame on the pollution on Romania and Ukraine. Elements of the far-right Sixty-Four Counties Youth Movement proscribe themselves to the "Eco-Nationalist" label, with one member stating "no real nationalist is a climate denialist".
Russia
The new age religious movement Anastasianism, which stresses the people's spiritual connection to nature, has been described in academia as being "eco-nationalist" in political outlook.
Oceania
Australia and New Zealand
Patriotic pride in the country's landscape and environment is particularly visible in countries such as Australia and New Zealand, which are known for their unique animal life. Eco-nationalism is also marked by national pride in natural wonders such as the Great Barrier Reef or Mitre Peak, extensive conservation efforts towards iconic species such as the kakapo and largetooth sawfish, and the creation of National Parks in order to protect these species and areas. While beneficial for conservation efforts, eco-nationalism has been criticized as an extension of colonialist dichotomies and ontologies and rarely addresses Indigenous ecological knowledge.
The Oil Free Wellington group and its sister projects in other areas of New Zealand, a movement that campaigned against deep-sea drilling for oil off the coast of New Zealand because of the damage it was doing to the nation, has been described as another example of New Zealander Eco-Nationalism.
Notes
References
Dawson J. I. Eco-Nationalism: Anti-Nuclear Activism and National Identity in Russia, Lithuania, and Ukraine. - Duke University Press Books, 1996. - 240 p.
Bibliography
Dawson J. I. Eco-Nationalism: Anti-Nuclear Activism and National Identity in Russia, Lithuania, and Ukraine. - Duke University Press Books, 1996. - 240 p.
Efremenko D. Eco-nationalism and the Crisis of Soviet Empire (1986-1991) // Irish Slavonic Studies. – vol. 24. – Dublin: IARCEES, 2012. – pp. 17–20.
Josephson P., Dronin N., Mnatsakanyan R., Cherp A., Efremenko D., Larin A. An Environmental History of Russia. – New York: Cambridge University Press, 2013. – 341 p.
Neslen, A. (2014, December 18). French National Front launches nationalist environmental movement. The Guardian. Retrieved from https://www.theguardian.com/uk
Carroll, B. (2017). A Role for Art in Ecological Thought. Concentric: Literary and Cultural Studies, 43(1), 145–164.
Skibsted, J.M. (2014). Foreign climate: Why European right-wingers should be treehuggers. Huffington Post.
Environmentalism
Political science terminology
Nationalism
Green politics
Political ecology
Seed & Synthetic Earth is a studio album by American electronic musician Vektroid, released on November 10, 2017. Vektroid stated the album is the second prelude to her upcoming album No Earth, and promoted it through her Twitter page. Before its release, she uploaded the opening track "We Need To Talk" on her YouTube page, and the ending track "Moebius Blue" on her SoundCloud page. The album has a feature from SoundCloud rapper Siddiq.
Track listing
References
2017 albums
Vektroid albums
Electropop albums
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Richard Kelly (The Tuam Herald)}}
Richard John Kelly (1810–1884) was an Irish journalist and the founder of The Tuam Herald.
Kelly was a native of Loughrea, County Galway, and launched The Tuam Herald newspaper on 13 May 1837; it has been in continuous publication ever since. He was the proprietor and editor until succeeded by his son, Jasper, who was a journalist. Jasper died in his thirties, leaving a young family, and Richard resumed management of the paper on behalf of his grandchildren.
References
The District of Loughrea: Vol. I History 1791-1918, p. 144.
External links
http://www.tuamherald.ie/
https://web.archive.org/web/20090507181204/http://www.loughreahistory.com/more_book1.html
Richard Kelly (1810–1884) at the Dictionary of Irish Biography
1810 births
1884 deaths
Irish newspaper founders
People from Loughrea
The Tuam Herald people
19th-century Irish businesspeople
The 1999 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 73rd year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £80,268,946 and attendances recorded at 3,511,847.
Chart King was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning the 1999 Scottish Greyhound Derby and 1999 English Greyhound Derby. He also picked up the Irish Greyhound of the Year award. Chart King a brindle dog was owned and trained by brothers Karl and Ralph Hewitt from Lurgan in Northern Ireland. He also won the Easter Cup in a record-breaking 28.40 at Shelbourne Park.
Linda Mullins won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year for the fourth successive year.
Sky Sports increased their TV coverage to show major events on Tuesday nights at Wimbledon including the Springbok and the Grand National, the latter now held at Wimbledon instead of Hall Green. They also wanted to show the Pall Mall Stakes at Oxford but the track was reluctant to switch the event to a Tuesday night so remained off the viewing schedule for the time being.
Tracks
Wisbech reopened under NGRC rules and appointed former Peterborough RM Mike Middle. The tracks owner Gary Meads had improved the facilities after the venue had been closed for seven years. Canterbury closed its doors on 30 October and independent Workington ceased racing. Peterborough was severely damaged by fire spread from an adjoining warehouse. Work started immediately on repairs and refurbishment but there was no racing for six months.
The Dundalk Race Company PLC and Dundealgan Greyhound Racing Company Limited merged to form Dundalk Racing (1999) Ltd. The Dundalk Ramparts Greyhound Stadium was earmarked for a major rebuild.
News
Elsewhere the BS Group (owners of several tracks) purchased the Milton Keynes Bowl to add to their assets. Shelley Cobbold sent out the last runner from the Utopia kennels at Nottingham, the family association with greyhound racing (Joe Cobbold, the late Trevor Cobbold and Pam Cobbold) ended. In November Linda Jones gained a contract at the country's premier track Walthamstow.
Competitions
El Tenor dropped back down in distance in an attempt to defend his Grand National title and made the final but was unlucky to find trouble when going well. The race ended in a dead heat for Hello Buttons and Pottos Storm. Despite this defeat the target of 100 open race wins was in sight even though he had gone past five years of age. By the end of the year he was still competing and winning.
A puppy by the name of Rapid Ranger had started his career with defeat in two graded races at Stainforth for trainer Mike Pomfrett, but was improving and scored a first open win at Nottingham. By autumn he would improve and owner Ray White purchased the brindle and sent him to Charlie Lister.
A brindle dog called Palace Issue, trained by Linda Mullins started to perform superbly and quickly established himself as the leading stayer. He broke the track record at Romford during the Champion Stakes before winning the Group One Grand Prix at Walthamstow that included his rival Dilemmas Lad. A strong fancy for the first St Leger at Wimbledon, he had to settle for second behind Dilemmas Lad before successfully defending his Hunt Cup title at Reading.
Gerald Watson travelled to England with his 1999 Irish Greyhound Derby champion Spring Time and outclassed her rivals when winning the Oaks at Wimbledon and Bubbly Prince won the Cesarewitch at Catford Stadium for the Bubbly Club making up for the previous year's disappointment.
Principal UK races
dh=dead heat
Principal Irish finals
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 1999 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Askar () is a village on the southeastern coast of Bahrain, it is now part of Madinat Khalifa. It is also home to the shrine of Sa'sa'a bin Sohan, a companion of Imam Ali. Inhabitants today include the Al-Buainain, Al-Kaabi, Al-Mansoori, Al-Ghadeer and Al-Azmi tribes. Many of the inhabitants have been living in the village for more than 3/4 generations. The population in the area grew almost double due to the Ministry of Housing's housing project.
References
Al Wasat Newspaper
Populated places in Bahrain
Ron Lugbill is a former American slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.
He won a gold medal in the C-1 team event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala, Wales, UK.
Ron is the older brother of one of the sport's all-time greats Jon Lugbill.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
American male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
The 2016 Oregon Republican presidential primary was held on May 17 in the U.S. state of Oregon as one of the Republican Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
On the same day, the Democratic Party held their Oregon primary and their Kentucky primary, while the Republican Party did not hold any other primaries on that day.
Oregon has always voted for the nominee of the Republican Party in every statewide primary since 1944, except in 1964.
Opinion polling
Results
See also
2016 Oregon Democratic presidential primary
References
Oregon
Republican primary
2016
May 2016 events in the United States
Struer station is a railway station serving the town of Struer in Jutland, Denmark.
Struer station is an important railway junction where the Langå-Struer Line, the Esbjerg-Struer Line and the Thy Line from Struer to Thisted meet. The station was opened in 1865 with the opening of the Skive-Struer section of the Langå-Struer Line. It offers direct InterCityLyn services to Copenhagen as well as regional train services to Aarhus, Fredericia, Skjern and Thisted. The train services are operated by Arriva and DSB.
History
The station was opened on 17 November 1865 with the opening of the third and last section of the Langå-Struer Line from Skive to Struer.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Banedanmark – government agency responsible for maintenance and traffic control of most of the Danish railway network
DSB – the largest Danish train operating company
Arriva – British multinational public transport company operating bus and train services in Denmark
Danske Jernbaner – website with information on railway history in Denmark
Buildings and structures in the Central Denmark Region
Railway stations opened in 1865
Railway stations in Denmark
Bucorvus brailloni is an extinct ground hornbill. The only known fossil is of a femur dated to the Middle Miocene. It was found in Morocco, well north of the range of extant ground hornbill species.
References
Bucorvus
Miocene birds
Tymon is a surname and male given name. Notable people with this name include:
Surname
Angelle Tymon (born 1983), American broadcast journalist and game show host
Josh Tymon (born 1999), English football player
Given name
Tymon Dogg, English musician
Tymon Mabaleka (1949–2014), Zimbabwean football player and music producer
Tymon Tytus Chmielecki (born 1965), Polish Catholic prelate
Tymon Zaborowski (1799–1828), Polish poet
Tymon de Weger (1955 in Delft), Dutch politician
Other
Tymon Park, Dublin, Ireland
See also
Timon, name
Famous Country Duets is an album by American country music artist George Jones with Gene Pitney and Melba Montgomery. This album was released in 1965 (see 1965 in country music) on the Musicor Records label.
Background
Jones's producer H.W. "Pappy" Daily had been mentoring the singer's career since the late fifties and, as Jones star begin to rise through the early 1960s, pushing his career through an ever increasing number of lucrative record deals. This was Jones's first album with the Musicor label after leaving United Artists in 1965. As Bob Allen points out in his book George Jones: The Life and Times of a Honky Tonk Legend, "During the next six years, with Musicor, George recorded more than over 280 songs - most of which were done in rushed, sloppily produced sessions - and help to establish for himself a somewhat unwelcome reputation as one of country music's most overrecorded artists." Jones work with Musicor would also be increasingly characterized by the Nashville Sound that became prominent on country radio throughout the rest of the decade.
Jones had recorded two duet albums with Montgomery on United Artists: 1963's What's In Our Hearts and 1964's Bluegrass Hootenanny. More curiously, Jones would record a duet album with rock and roll singer Gene Pitney in 1965 called For the First Time! Two Great Stars - George Jones and Gene Pitney. Famous Country Duets compiles duets by the singers, although there is no single track with all three singers performing.
Track listing
"Baby Ain't That Fine" (Dallas Frazier)
"If I Were" (Earl Montgomery)
"I've Got a New Heartache" (Wayne P. Walker, Ray Price)
"I'm a People" (Dallas Frazier)
"That's All It Took" (George Jones. Darrell Edwards, Charlotte Grier)
"Simply Divine" (Melba Montgomery)
"Feudin' and Fightin'" (Larry Brittain)
"King and Queen" (Earl Montgomery)
"My Shoes Keep Walking Back to You" (Bob Wills, Lee Ross)
"I'm Looking for the Man" (Melba Montgomery, Earl Montgomery)
"Your Old Standby" (Jim Eanes, Wayne Perry)
"Being Together" (Melba Montgomery, Earl Montgomery)
References
External links
George Jones' Official Website
1965 compilation albums
George Jones compilation albums
Gene Pitney albums
Melba Montgomery albums
Albums produced by Pappy Daily
Musicor Records compilation albums
Vocal duet albums
Margaret French (born Margaret Hoening in 1906 in Hoboken, New Jersey – 1998 in New York City) was an American artist, best known for her photographs as part of the photo collective PaJaMa.
Education
After attending Smith College, she settled in New York, where she attended a formal artistic education at the Art Students League. There she met Paul Cadmus and Jared French.
Life and work
French was a magical realist painter, and also produced etchings, although her best known works were made as part of a collective, personal and professional, with Jared French and Paul Cadmus.
In 1937 she married Jared French, who had a sexual relationship with Paul Cadmus. Despite the marriage, Jared continued his relationship with Cadmus. Together they trio formed the photo collective PaJaMa, (Paul Jared Margaret).
Using Margaret's camera, they took pictures of themselves, their artist friends, and their gay acquaintances, arranging and staging their motifs on the beaches along Provincetown, for the next eight years.
Some of the people photographed were photographer George Platt Lynes, Christopher Isherwood, George Tooker, Cadmus' sister and artist Fidelma, artist Bernard Perlin and Monroe Wheeler, then director of the exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art.
In the 1940s, she and her husband befriended E.M. Forster, who in 1947 stayed at their home while visiting New York, and spent time with them in Provincetown. Forster returned in 1949 for another visit.
French's paintings have been described as symbolic and dreamlike. She produced few known works, but her paintings show clear influences from French and Cadmus, especially the time-consuming paintings in egg tempera, which were a technique that Cadmus and Jared French also used. When Cadmus began a relationship with the young artist George Tooker in 1944, the trio became a quartet, and Tooker is featured in many of PaJaMa's photographs.
Margaret French died 1998 in New York, at the age of 92.
Collections
French's work is held in several museum collectons including the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Hood Museum, the Munson Williams Proctor Art Museum among others.
References
External links
George Platt Lynes portrait of Margaret French.
1906 births
1998 deaths
People from Hoboken, New Jersey
20th-century American painters
American women painters
Modern painters
American tempera painters
The Edinburgh Arrow is an annual clout archery competition held by the Royal Company of Archers, an archery club who act as the Sovereign's Bodyguard in Scotland. The Edinburgh Arrow is the longest-running annual archery competition in the recorded history of the sport. The competition takes its name from the silver arrow which is awarded for first prize.
List of winners of the Edinburgh Arrow
1709 David Drummond, advocate
1710 William Neilson, merchant in Edinburgh
1711 Thomas Kincaid
1712 William Mercer, writer in Edinburgh
1713 James Cockburn, Secretary to the General and Commander-in-Chief
1714 David Wemyss, 4th Earl of Wemyss
1715 Alexander Congalton, merchant in Edinburgh
1716 The Earl of Wigtoun
1727 James Cuming, junior, merchant in Edinburgh
1728 James Freebairn
1729 John Douglas, surgeon in Edinburgh
1730 Andrew Marjoribanks, merchant in Edinburgh
1731 William St Clair of Roslin
1732 James Balfour of Forret
1733 Robert Freebairn, king's printer
1734 George Loch, merchant in Edinburgh
1735 John Rattray, surgeon
1736 Robert Biggar, vintner in Edinburgh
1737 George Loch, merchant in Edinburgh
1738 Alexander Cuming, merchant in Gottenburgh
1739 Hugh Clerk, senior, merchant in Edinburgh
1740 John Douglas, surgeon in Edinburgh
1741 William St Clair of Roslin
1742 Sir Alexander Macdonald, Bart.
1743 John Brown, merchant in Edinburgh
1744 John Rattray, surgeon in Edinburgh
1745 John Mackintosh, merchant in Edinburgh
1746 John Douglas, surgeon
1747 Robert Biggar, merchant
1748 Hugh Clerk, senior
1749 James Hardie, writer in Edinburgh
1750 Robert Douglas, Secretary to the R.C.A.
1751 George Lockhart of Carnwath, President of the Council, Major-General of the Royal Scots Archers
1752 Angus Maclachlan of Maclachlan
I753 George Lockhart of Carnwath
1754 Archibald Smart, clothier in Musselburgh
1755 John Sinclair, writer in Edinburgh
1756 Nathaniel Spens, surgeon in Edinburgh
1757 John Murray, druggist-apothecary
1758 Hugh Fraser of Lovat
1759 John Murray, druggist-apothecary
1760 Archibald Smart, clothier in Musselburgh
1761 William St Clair of Roslin
1762 George Lockhart of Carnwath
1763 Charles Lockhart, advocate
1764 Andrew Home, wine merchant
1765 Archibald Smart, clothier in Musselburgh
1766 William Graham of Oartmore
1767 Archibald Smart, clothier in Mussclburgh
1768 The Honourable James Steuart Murray
1769 John Mackintosh, merchant in Edinburgh
1770 John Cuming Ramsay, advocate
1771 Nathaniel Spens, surgeon in Edinburgh
1772 John Macpherson, teacher of music
1773 Charles Macdonald of Largie, advocate
1774 Simon Fraser, W.S.
1775 Robert Wellwood, younger of Garvoch
1776 Thomas Hay, surgeon
1777 Thomas Elder, merchant
1778 Thomas Hay, surgeon
1779 William Trotter, merchant
1780 Thomas Hay, surgeon
1781 William Trotter, merchant
1782 Thomas Elder, merchant
1783 Alexander Brown, keeper of the Advocates' Library
1784 Sir James Pringle of Stitchell, Bart.
1785 James Gray, writer
1786 Nathaniel Spens M.D., physician in Edinburgh
1787 Alexander, Lord Elibank
1788 William Trotter, merchant
1789 Charles Hope, advocate
1790 Henry Jardine, W.S.
1791 Alexander, Lord Elibank
1792 James Mansfield, junior
1793 Dr Thomas Spens, physician in Edinburgh
1794 Captain Cosby Swindell
1795 John Thomson, junior
1796 William Robertson, jeweller
1797 Dr Thomas Spens, Treasurer R.C.A.
1798 Thomas Hay, surgeon
1799 Thomas Hay, surgeon
1800 Thomas Charles Hope, M.D. and Professor of Chemistry
1801 James Hope, W.S.
1802 Charles Cunningham
1803 James Hope, W.S.
1804 James Hope, W.S.
1805 James Hope, W.S.
1806 Charles Cunningham
1807 Dr Thomas Charles Hope
1808 James Hope, W. S. Lieutenant-Colonel 2d Battalion 2d Regiment Royal Edinburgh Volunteers
1809 John Russell, Clerk to the Signet, Secretary R.C.A.
1810 Dr Mackenzie Grieve
1811 Charles Cunningham, W.S.
1812 James Hope, W.S.
1813 John Cay, FRSE, advocate
1814 John Watson, historical and portrait painter
1815 George Corsane Cunningham, H.M. Customs
1816 Thomas Durham Weir, advocate
1817 Sir George S. Mackenzie, Bart.
1818 William Bonar, banker, Edinburgh
1819 John Maxton, banker, Edinburgh
1820 William Bonar, banker
1821 John Linning, Secretary R.C.A.
1822 Albert Cay, merchant
1823 Charles Crossland Hay, merchant
1824 Thomas Ewan, W.S.
1825 Henry George Watson, accountant
1826 John Linning, Secretary to the R.C.A.
1827 James Tod, W.S.
1828 John Maxton, merchant
1829 John Maxton, merchant
1830 Nathaniel Spens, Craigsanquhar
1831 John N. Forman, W.S.
1832 Nathaniel Spens, Craigsanquhar
1833 George Robertson, Deputy-Keeper of Records
1834 James Linning Woodman, W.S.
1835 James Linning Woodman, W.S.
1836 J. N. Forman, W.S.
1837 Alexander Duff, W.S.
1838 Dr James Weir
1839 John Brown Innes, W.S.
1840 John A. Macrae, W.S.
1841 John Brown Innes, W.S.
1842 James Andrew Brown, accountant
1843 John Maxton, merchant
1844 John Stewart, W.S.
1845 George Kellie M'Callum, W.S.
1846 Alexander Thomson of Whitrigg
1847 George Brown Robertson, W.S.
1848 John Gillespie, W.S.
1849 Henry George Watson, accountant
1850 John Kennedy, younger of Underwood
1851 John Kirk, W.S.
1852 James Wilkie, accountant
1853 Dr Douglas Maclagan
1854 Henry George Watson, C.A.
1855 John Phin, S.S.C.
1856 James Adam, advocate
1857 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
1858 John Gillespie, W.S.
1859 George Steuart, accountant
1860 James Dunsmure, M.D.
1861 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
1862 John Gillespie, W.S.
1863 Alexander Howe, W.S.
1864 R. Craig Maclagan, M.D.
1865 R. Craig Maclagan, M.D.
1866 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
1867 George Steuart
1868 George Steuart
1869 George Robertson, C.E.
1870 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
1871 R. Craig Maclagan, M.D.
1872 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
1873 James Dunsmure, M.D.
1874 James Jobson Dickson, C.A.
References
External links
The Edinburgh Arrow, video of the event on YouTube
Archery competitions
Sports competitions in Scotland
1709 establishments in Scotland
Íngrid Pons Molina (born 27 February 1975 in Montgat) is a Spanish former basketball player who played for the Spanish National team from 1996 to 2004, winning two bronze medals in the 2001 and 2003 Eurobaskets. She competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Club career
Pons spent her formative years in clubs in nearby Barcelona: Montgat, Mireria and Segle XXI. She played for 16 years in the Spanish top tier league at Universitari Barcelona (1992-1998, 2004-2007) and Popular Godella / Ros Casares (1998-2004), winning a total of four leagues and three domestic cups. She retired in 2008 at EBE Promociones PDV.
National team
She made her debut with Spain women's national basketball team at the age of 21. She played with the senior team for 8 years, from 1996 to 2004. She is one of the most capped players with a total of 127 caps and 6.1 PPG. She participated in the (Athens 2004 Olympics, two World Championships and three European Championships:
9th 1991 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship for Women (youth)
5th 1997 Eurobasket
5th 1998 World Championship
2001 Eurobasket
5th 2002 World Championship
2003 Eurobasket
6th 2004 Summer Olympics
References
1975 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Catalonia
Power forwards (basketball)
People from Maresme
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Sportswomen from Catalonia
Batrachorhina pruinosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1871, originally under the genus Madecops. It is known from the Comoros.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1871
Below are alumni, benefactors, presidents or chancellors, and other notable people associated with Long Island University.
Alumni
Art
Bunny Hoest, cartoonist for the comic strip The Lockhorns
Business
Ray Dalio, founder of Bridgewater Associates
Howard Lorber, businessman; investor; CEO of Vector Group; chairman of Nathan's Famous and Douglas Elliman
Jorge M. Perez, real estate developer, author and political fundraiser; founder of The Related Companies
Adnan Polat, chairman of Football Club Galatasaray SK; CEO of Ege Seramik
Terry Semel, former chairman and CEO of Yahoo!; on the Board of Directors of Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation, The Paley Center for Media, and the Guggenheim Museum
John Utendahl, founder and owner of Utendahl Group, the largest African American-owned investment banking organization in the US
Gary Winnick, founder of Global Crossing, Ltd., installing the first undersea cable linking the U.S. and Europe
Judicial
Rose Bird, first woman to serve as chief justice on the Supreme Court of California
Media
A. J. Benza, television show host, actor (Celebrity Fit Club)
Ted David, senior anchor at CNBC Business Radio
John Edward, television host and producer
Arnold Hano, journalist, author, editor
Jackee Harry, known for her roles on the television series 227, Another World, and Designing Women, and the Rodney Dangerfield movie Ladybugs
Alfred R. Kahn, chairman and CEO, 4Kids Entertainment
Jamie Kellner, chairman and CEO of ACME Communications
Brian Kilmeade, television presenter and current co-host of Fox and Friends and Brian the Judge
Lynda Lopez, news anchor; sister of Jennifer Lopez
Nancy Hicks Maynard, first black female reporter for the New York Times; she and her husband are the first African Americans to own a major U.S. metropolitan newspaper, Oakland Tribune; they cofounded the Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education
Burl Osborne, former chairman of the Associated Press and former publisher of the Dallas Morning News
Sibila Vargas, news anchor
Larry Wachtel, the "Voice of Wall Street"; former senior vice president at Wachovia; financial analyst at Prudential Financial; respected financial markets commentator on WINS (AM) radio in New York City
Medicine and health
Ruth Kirschstein, former acting director of the National Institute of Health and the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine; namesake of Ruth L. Kirschstein National Research Service Awards
Performing arts
Ed Lauter, actor
Dina Meyer, actress
Nicholas Pileggi, screenwriter and author
Michael Tucci, actor
Denise Vasi, actress
Politics
Tim Bishop, representative of the State of New York's 1st Congressional District in the House of Representatives in the United States Congress
Leon Bogues, former senator who represented the 29th District in the New York State Senate
Steven Cymbrowitz, representative of the 45th District in the New York State Assembly
Tuariki Delamere, former member of parliament for the Eastern Maori (now Ikaroa-Rāwhiti) electorate in the Parliament of New Zealand and cabinet minister, including Minister of Immigration
Katuutire Kaura, member of parliament in the National Assembly of the Republic of Namibia; leader of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance of Namibia
Tom Ognibene, former representative of the 30th City Council District in the New York City Council and New York City mayoral candidate
Tinga Seisay, Sierra Leonean diplomat and pro-democracy advocate.
L. Harvey Smith, representative of the 31st District in the New Jersey General Assembly
Fred Thiele, representative of the 2nd District in the New York State Assembly
Rammohan Naidu Kinjarapu, is an Indian politician and a member of parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh.
Mevlut Cavusoglu, incumbent Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs
Sports and recreation
Mooley Avishar (born 1947), Israeli basketball player
Hank Beenders, first non-American to play in the NBA Finals
Frank Catalanotto, retired Major League Baseball outfielder
John Collins (sports executive), former president and chief executive officer of the NFL Cleveland Browns
Daniel de Oliveira (footballer), Rookie of the Year 1987, Northeast Conference; first LIU Blackbird soccer player to play with DC United in 1995 Major League Soccer, two-time winner MVP Colin Fowles Trophy, 1987 and 1990; coach of the Venezuelan Youth 15 and 17 National Teams
Ray Felix, second African American to be named an NBA All-Star; the NBA's first dominant African-American center
Frido Frey, first German to play in the NBA
Sid Gordon, two-time All Star major league baseball player
David Hicks (basketball) (born 1988), basketball player for Ironi Nahariya of the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Charles Rahmel Jones, played for the NBA's Chicago Bulls
Dolly King, one of the rare black basketball players in the National Basketball League, predecessor to the NBA
Barry Leibowitz (born 1945), American-Israeli basketball player
Joe Machnik, elected to the National Soccer Hall of Fame on the 2017 builder ballot
Steve Nisenson, basketball player
Frank Pia, inventor of the Pia Carry
Ossie Schectman, a member of the original New York Knickerbockers in their inaugural NBA season in 1946 and inductee in the National Jewish Museum Sports Hall of Fame.
Tazz (Peter Senerchia), also known as Tazz in WWE, wrestler and commentator, ECW and TNA
Notable faculty
Past
Vincent de Tourdonnet, one of Canada's foremost writers of musical theatre
Pee Wee Kirkland, former street basketball player from New York City; taught the "Philosophy of Basketball Coaching"
Gerda Lerner, pioneer of women's history as an academic discipline
Lillian Rosanoff Lieber, mathematician and author
Marysa Navarro, historian
Present
Bob Brier, noted Egyptologist and one of the world's leading experts on mummies
References
Long Island University
Long Island-related lists
Mooladhanam (, translation: Capital) is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. Bhaskaran, written by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by M. Azim. The film stars Sathyan, Prem Nazir, Sharada and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. Cinematography was handled by P. R. Ramalingam.
The film is set amidst the Communist movement in Kerala during the 1960s.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Mammootty
Sathyan as Ravi
Sharada as Sarada
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
Sankaradi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
C. A. Balan
K. P. Ummer as Madhu
Kottayam Chellappan
Thankam
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Francisco Aruca (born Francisco Gonzalez y Aruca in 1941 in Artemisa, Cuba, died March 6, 2013 in Denver, Colorado) was a Cuban American radio host and businessman. Aruca in 1979 founded Marazul Tours, the largest travel agency that provides travel service from the United States to Cuba. He was also a radio host on Miami's "Radio Progreso", WOCN (1450).
Aruca was the only child of Francisco Gonzalez and Lilia Aruca. He graduated from the Colegio de Belen in 1959. He later received his B.A. in Economics from Georgetown University and his M.A. from Catholic University.
Biography
At the beginning of the Cuban Revolution, Aruca became involved with the Movimiento Revolucionario del Pueblo (MRP), an organization led by Manuel Ray, an architect who had served as Fidel Castro's minister of public works. Aruca was the propaganda director of the student wing, and distributed anti-revolutionary leaflets and to organize strikes. He was arrested on January 5, 1961, and charged with counterrevolutionary activities, tried ten days later, found guilty, and sentenced to 30 years. Aruca was sent to Havana's La Cabana prison.
Since he was small and looked younger than 20 he was able to sneak out one day from prison pretending to be a visitor. He made his way to the Brazilian embassy and asked for asylum. He spent eighteen months there, until he was able to obtain a safe-conduct pass from the Cuban government. He went first to Ecuador, then to Colombia, and then to Miami.
In 1962, Miami was full of exile politics, and Aruca wanted to continue his studies. He asked for guidance from the Jesuits at Miami's Belen Jesuit Preparatory School, who told him about another Jesuit institution in Washington, D.C., Georgetown University. He got a job at the Madison Hotel as a bellboy and studied English. In September 1963, he entered Georgetown University with the help of a federal student loan program set up for Cuban refugees. He graduated in 1968 with over $10,000 in debts and a degree in economics.
Aruca later received a master's degree in economics from Catholic University and completing all but his dissertation for a Ph.D.. In 1966 he married Anita Potts and they have three children.
References
PBS interview; "Interview Francisco Aruca"
The New York Times article "If Castro Had a Talk Show, It Might Sound a Bit Like This"
Progreso Weekly article "The Process of Changes is Ongoing: Francisco Aruca chats with Manuel Ramy"
Miami New Times article "Class Act"
Miami New Times article "Capitalist or Commie"
1941 births
2013 deaths
People from Artemisa
Alternative journalists
American alternative journalists
American radio personalities
Cuban emigrants to the United States
Cuban journalists
Cuban radio presenters
Georgetown University alumni
Catholic University of America alumni
Cherrywood () is a stop on the Luas light-rail tram system in Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown, south of Dublin, Ireland. It opened in 2010 as a stop on the extension of the Green Line south from Sandyford to Brides Glen.
Location and access
The stop provides access to the Cherrywood development and its eponymous business park. Cherrywood stop is located at the Northern end of a concrete viaduct over an empty plot of land. The sole entrance is to the road which crosses the tracks at the northern end of the stop.
References
Luas Green Line stops in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Railway stations opened in 2010
2010 establishments in Ireland
Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu () is a 1999 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Mohan and written by Sreenivasan from a story by Nedumudi Venu. It stars Sreenivasan, Samyuktha Varma, and Mukesh. The music was composed by Johnson. Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu won two Kerala State Film Awards: Best Music Director and Best Female Singer.
Plot
Balakrishnan ("Bala") teaches history at a primary school in a hillside community. In the same school, Nirmala was recently hired for a temporary position as a music teacher. Despite falling in love with Nirmala, Balakrishnan is too shy to admit his feelings. Bala decides to go with Nirmala to her ancestral village in an effort to grow closer to her. On the way, Bala runs across his old friend Babu, whom he hasn't seen in a long time.
Bala and Nirmala are brought to a hotel by Babu. Bala calls an ambulance when Nirmala passes out there. Nirmala requests Bala to drop her off at the bus stop once she has recovered. Bala agrees after observing her distress. When Teena arrives, she claims that her father's close friend, Papachan, has been pressuring her to sleep with one of his wealthy friends. She approaches Bala, terrified, for assistance. Teena accepts Bala and Nirmala's invitation to go with them.
Teena gets hurt when the group is attacked by goons on their route. Teena is alleges that she is assaulted by Bala. Even Nirmala accuses Bala to protect herself, which really hurts him. Bala is imprisoned.
Bala encounters Nandakumar (referred to as "Nanda") on the bus after leaving prison and tells him everything that happened. The two get along quite well, and Nanda gets Bala a great job. Bala is unaware that Nanda is about to marry Nirmala.
After a series of incidents, Nirmala and Bala finally cross paths. Nirmala is questioned by Bala about why she made the false claim about being attacked. According to Nirmala, Papachan persuaded her into doing so. The confusion has been resolved. When Nanda finds out about Nirmala and Bala's relationship, he asks Nirmala if she still has feelings for him. Nirmala, overcome with emotion, says yes. Nanda walks off from the pair, giving them time to make up.
Cast
Sreenivasan as Balakrishnan
Samyuktha Varma as Nirmala
Mukesh as Nandakumar
Sai Kumar as Babu
Innocent as Kaimal
Nedumudi Venu as Delhi Pappachan
Cochin Hanifa as Jose Panachikadan
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Kunji
Unnikrishnan Namboothiri as Parameswara Warrier
Ottapalam Pappan as peon
Valsala Menon as Balakrishnan's grandmother
Paravoor Ramachandran
Soundtrack
Awards
Kerala State Film Awards
Best Female Singer: K. S. Chithra ("Pular Veyilum")
Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director: Johnson
References
External links
1999 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Mohan
Phoenix: The Best of InMe is the greatest hits collection put together from the British band InMe's first four albums spanning 8 years from 2002 to 2010. It was released on 27 September 2010.
Background
On their "All Terrain Armada" tour in May/June 2010, InMe frontman Dave McPherson stated both on stage and in interviews conducted on the tour that the band had started learning older material from their first two albums (Overgrown Eden and White Butterfly) to support a 'best of' release which would follow in the winter.
It later emerged that the best of would contain three songs from each of InMe's four studio albums (2003's Overgrown Eden, 2005's White Butterfly, 2007's Daydream Anonymous, and 2009's Herald Moth) as well as three new tracks. These new songs will be the first to feature new lead guitarist Gazz Marlow in a full band environment.
The track list was revealed on 19 July 2010 and it was released on 27 September 2010.
Musical style
The album will span InMe's entire career and vast variety of soundscapes. Earlier material showcased on the compilation such as "Crushed Like Fruit" and "Safe In A Room" has a grunge like bounce to it whilst maintaining mainstream pop sensibility, whereas songs from Daydream Anonymous bear a more technical yet melodic metal influence on InMe's catchy rock songs. Material from 2009's Herald Moth further exacerbates InMe's heavy technical sound as well as their softer, heartfelt side, with the three new songs ("Saccharine Arcadia", "Bury Me Deep Within Your Skin" and "Thanks For Believing Me") taking both of these aspects to even further extremes.
Supporting Tour
In order to promote Phoenix, InMe played each of their current 4 studio albums in their entirety on consecutive weekends in November/December at The Relentless Garage in London. In addition to this, the band played one warm up show for each album the night before each London show in a different city. Overgrown Eden was performed in Sheffield, White Butterfly in Manchester, Daydream Anonymous in Cardiff and Herald Moth in Leicester.
Track listing
All songs arranged by Dave McPherson. Music by InMe.
"Safe in a Room" – from 2005's White Butterfly
"Nova Armada" – from 2009's Herald Moth
"Myths & Photographs" – from 2007's Daydream Anonymous
"Underdose" – from 2003's Overgrown Eden
"Bury Me Deep Beneath Your Skin" – recorded in 2010 for Phoenix
"All Terrain Vehicle" – from 2009's Herald Moth
"Cracking the Whip" – from 2007's Daydream Anonymous
"Firefly" – from 2003's Overgrown Eden
"Thanks for Believing Me" – recorded in 2010 for Phoenix
"Single of the Weak" – from 2009's Herald Moth
"Crushed Like Fruit" – from 2003's Overgrown Eden
"Thanks for Leaving Me" – from 2007's Daydream Anonymous
"Faster the Chase" – from 2005's White Butterfly
"Chamber" – from 2005's White Butterfly
"Saccharine Arcadia" – recorded in 2010 for Phoenix
"Daydream Anonymous" (acoustic) * – recorded in 2010 for Phoenix
"Master Storm" (acoustic) * – recorded in 2010 for Phoenix
* iTunes download-only bonus track
Personnel
Line up at time of release
Dave McPherson – vocals, guitar on tracks 1–15.
Gazz Marlow – lead guitar on tracks 5, 9 and 15–17
Greg McPherson – bass guitar on tracks 2–3,5–7,9–10,12 and 15
Simon Taylor – drums, percussion on tracks 1–15.
Other members
Ben Konstantinovic – lead guitar on tracks 2,6 and 10.
Joe Morgan – bass guitar on tracks 1,4,8,11,13 and 14.
InMe albums
2010 greatest hits albums
Yerself Is Steam is the 1991 debut album by Mercury Rev. The title is a malapropism of the phrase "Your self-esteem," and is taken from a recurring lyric in the opening "Chasing a Bee." "Car Wash Hair" was released as a single to follow the album. "Very Sleepy Rivers" is supposedly about a serial killer, with the river acting as a metaphor for the killer's relative calm and sudden tendency to snap.
A music video for the song "Chasing a Bee" was shot at an abandoned infectious disease hospital that once housed "Typhoid Mary" on North Brother Island in New York City, and was directed by Jim Spring and Jens Jurgensen.
Dean Wareham made a guest appearance on "Car Wash Hair" and helped with recording, supposedly after Fridmann spent the band's advance on a holiday package.
In 2016, Pitchfork ranked the album at number 16 in its list of "The 50 Best Shoegaze Albums of All Time," commenting that "Yerself Is Steam is really a shoegaze album in the inverse: Where their fuzz-pedaling peers obliterated the human presence in rock music through a cloud of distortion, Mercury Rev foregrounded the claustrophobic, panicky unease of being trapped inside it."
Track listing
All songs written by Mercury Rev.
"Chasing a Bee" – 7:11 (4:27)
"Syringe Mouth" – 4:04 (3:27)
"Coney Island Cyclone" – 2:37 (3:27)
"Blue and Black" – 6:00 (4:27)
"Sweet Oddysee of a Cancer Cell t' th' Center of Yer Heart" – 7:41 (5:27)
"Frittering" – 8:48 (4:27)
"Continuous Trucks and Thunder Under a Mother's Smile" – 0:43 (2:27)
"Very Sleepy Rivers" – 12:15 (13:15 on Sony/Columbia CD edition) (12:27)
"Car Wash Hair (The Bee's Chasing Me)" – 6:44 (hidden bonus track on Sony/Columbia CD edition)
Formatting notes
The back cover lists deliberately erroneous run times. They are listed above in (parentheses and italics).
On the American Sony/Columbia pressing of the album, "Very Sleepy Rivers" is divided amongst tracks 8 through 98. Track 8 contains the first 7:15, while the rest of the song is split amongst the following 90 4-second tracks, netting the song an additional minute in the process. The audio slowly fades out around track 83 and, around track 88, someone starts saying 'pick' repeatedly with some barely audible laughter. During this quieter section, a low-level sub-bass signal (under 20 Hz) was mixed underneath. The unusual method of splitting the track was included in Pitchfork Media's 2010 list of "ten unusual CD-era gimmicks". The bonus song "Car Wash Hair" follows as track 99 on this pressing.
Lego My Ego
In 1992, Mint Films/Jungle re-released Yerself is Steam with a bonus LP/CD entitled Lego My Ego. The title is a parody of the Eggo waffles ad slogan, and is taken from a piece of voice tape at the start of "Frittering," where one musician tells another to "let go of my fucking ego" after they tell him how to play a song. It consists of rare tracks and a Peel Session. Mint Films released another edition in 2007 consisting of both CDs plus an all-region DVD of the videos for "Chasing a Bee" and "Car Wash Hair."
CD version:
1 is a cover of the Sly and the Family Stone song, originally released on the A-side of a 7" single in March 1992 by the Rough Trade Singles Club.
2 is recorded live by the BBC Mobile Recording Studio at Finsbury Park, London, June 1992. "Shhh/Peaceful" is a cover of the Miles Davis song (from In a Silent Way), which is only quoted briefly in the introduction.
3, 4, 6 and 8 are from a Peel Session recorded on August 27, 1991 and first broadcast on October 5, 1991. 8 is "Chasing a Bee" with some changed lyrics. Some releases title it "Chasing a Girl (Inside a Car)," which is what is sung in the title line of this version. The liner notes add about this song, "Guitars should be much louder, but what can you do?"
5 is the same recording as the single version, but with some extra material crossfaded in at the end. 1, 3, 4 and 8 also have unusual tapes (mostly voice) added and to the beginning and/or end of the songs.
7 is credited as being the "original theme from the 1991 motion picture 'Moonbuggy,' a film by Howard Nelson," and performed by Grasshopper.
If You Want Me to Stay – 4:08
Shhh/Peaceful / Very Sleepy Rivers – 14:52
Frittering – 5:18
Coney Island Cyclone – 3:20
Car Wash Hair – 7:25
Syringe Mouth – 3:11
Blood on the Moon – 8:21
Chasing a Bee (Inside a Car) – 10:09
LP version:
Shhh/Peaceful / Very Sleepy Rivers – 14:52
Blood on the Moon – 8:21
Frittering – 5:18
Coney Island Cyclone – 3:20
Syringe Mouth – 3:11
Chasing a Bee (Inside a Car) – 10:09
All songs written by Mercury Rev, except "If You Want Me to Say" by Sly Stone and "Shhh/Peaceful" by Miles Davis. "Blood on the Moon" has no writer's credit, but is presumably also written by Grasshopper.
Radio Whipped promo edition
Sony/Columbia released a promo double-CD version of the album in 1992. The first disc is the U.S. version of the album. The second disc is the U.S. "Chasing a Bee" CD single. A "Radio Whipped Sticker" on the back of the CD jewelbox numbers the nine tracks on the album as A, B, C, D, E, F, U, C, K, and the six tracks of the single as:
A. Chasing A Bee (7:09)
B. If You Want Me To Stay (3:37)
S. Coney Island Cyclone (2:40)
U. Frittering (4:26)
R. Syringe Mouth (3:09)
D. Chasing A Girl (Inside A Car) (6:56)
S, U, R, and D are the Peel Session recordings, and are actually one continuous track for 17:53. The run times for B, S, U and D are shorter than on Lego My Ego because they don't contain the unusual tape material that was added to these songs on it.
Personnel
Jonathan Donahue – silver pickup guitar, vocals
Grasshopper – unafon guitar reels
Suzanne Thorpe – point red flute
Dave Fridmann – bass explore, majestic bellowphone, additional engineering
David Baker – vocals
Jimy Chambers – drumming, blue-line
C. Gavazzi - trumpet on "Car Wash Hair"
Dean Wareham - additional vocals, production on "Car Wash Hair"
Keith Cleversley - engineer
Kristin Peterson - photography
Mooneyham - artwork
References
Mercury Rev albums
1991 debut albums
Albums produced by Dave Fridmann
Art pop albums
Art punk albums
Jonathan Eysseric and Quentin Halys were the defending champions but only Halys chose to defend his title, partnering Albano Olivetti. Halys lost in the semifinals to Gong Maoxin and Zhang Ze.
Gong and Zhang won the title after defeating Gonzalo Escobar and Fernando Romboli 2–6, 7–6(7–5), [10–8] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Guzzini Challenger - Doubles
2018 Doubles
Nes Marie Rodríguez Tirado (born 3 July 1992) is a Puerto Rican freestyle wrestler. She won one of the bronze medals in the women's 57 kg event at the 2019 Pan American Games held in Lima, Peru.
Career
In 2015, she competed in the women's freestyle 53 kg event at the World Wrestling Championships held in Las Vegas, United States where she was eliminated in her first match by Jong Myong-suk of North Korea.
At the 2020 Pan American Wrestling Championships held in Ottawa, Canada, she won the silver medal in the 59 kg event. In May 2021, she failed to qualify for the Olympics at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Major results
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Puerto Rican female sport wrestlers
Pan American Games medalists in wrestling
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Puerto Rico
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Wrestlers at the 2019 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in wrestling
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Puerto Rico
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Pan American Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Puerto Rican women
21st-century Puerto Rican women
Ryan Peniston (born 10 November 1995) is a British tennis player from Essex. He has a career-high singles ranking of world no. 123, achieved in July 2022, and a doubles ranking of world no. 384 achieved in June 2022.
Personal life
Ryan Harold Peniston was born in November 1995 to Paul and Penny (née Gok). He has two older brothers, Sam and Harry.
As a child Peniston survived rhabdomyosarcoma, a soft tissue cancer, and had to have surgery to remove a tumour and chemotherapy. Cancer slowed his growth, and he was much smaller than his classmates until he was 16 years old. At 13, he moved to Nice, France to train at ISP Academy before going to college at 18.
A graduate of the University of Memphis tennis program, he was part of the GB University Team that won the nation's first ever team gold medal at Master'U Championships.
Professional career
2020: Battle of the Brits
During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Peniston took part in the 'Battle of the Brits' tournament and performed well, losing only on final set tie-breaks against top-50 players Dan Evans and Cameron Norrie.
2021: ATP doubles debut
Peniston won the Heraklion leg of the 2021 ITF Men's World Tennis Tour (April–June) on 30 May 2021, conceding only three games to Yuta Shimizu in winning the final in straight sets and only dropping one set in the whole tournament.
He was given a wildcard into the singles and doubles main draws of the 2021 Nottingham Open. He then received a wildcard for the 2021 Queen's Club Championships doubles main draw, playing alongside Liam Broady, and the qualifying draw in the singles. In the doubles first round, Peniston and Broady defeated Alexander Bublik and Nicholas Monroe in straight sets. In the singles qualifying, Peniston defeated Marc-Andrea Hüsler before losing to Aleksandar Vukic in 3 sets.
2022: ATP debut, first top-5 win & quarterfinal, top 150 debut and progressing to the 2nd round of Wimbledon
Peniston made his ATP main draw singles debut at the Queen's Club Championships as a wildcard, where he upset top seed and world no. 5 Casper Ruud in straight sets for his first ever ATP Win. He reached the quarterfinals in his first ever ATP tour level tournament for the first time defeating another top-50 player Francisco Cerundolo. As a result he made his debut in the top 150 in the singles rankings.
At the 2022 Eastbourne International he reached the second round as a wildcard defeating 8th seed Holger Rune. Next he defeated Pedro Martinez before losing to compatriot Jack Draper in the quarterfinals.
Penniston then defeated Henri Laaksonen in straight-sets in the first round of Wimbledon.
Singles performance timeline
Current through the 2022 Eastbourne International.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 12 (4–8)
Doubles: 5 (1–4)
Record against top 10 players
Wins over top 10 players
He has a record against players who were, at the time the match was played, ranked in the top 10.
References
External links
Lawn Tennis Association profile
1995 births
Living people
British male tennis players
British people of Malaysian descent
English male tennis players
Tennis people from Essex
Memphis Tigers men's tennis players
The position of rikshistoriograf (Swedish, known in Latin as historiographus regni, i.e. Historiographer of the Realm or Royal Historiographer), existed in Sweden from the early 17th century until 1834.
The first appointment of a similar nature was that of the Dutch scholar Daniel Heinsius, appointed in 1618 by Gustavus Adolphus to be historicus regni, but it is not known if he did anything as part of this position. In the reign of Queen Christina, several individuals were appointed either just "historiographer" or "historiographer royal", with occasionally several at the same time holding the position. In 1642, Arnold Johan Messenius and Johannes Loccenius are mentioned as historiographers, a couple of years later Bogislaus Philipp von Chemnitz, and a few years later they are all called rikshistoriograf. The title was also given to Johannes Casparus Freinsheimius and Johan Henrik Boeclerus. Johannes Widekindi was appointed in 1665, later accompanied by Samuel von Pufendorf.
Several of the early historiographers royal were foreigners, but the statutes of 1720 for the royal chancellery prescribed that the position had to be filled by a person of Swedish nationality. The following holders of the position were Claudius Örnhiälm, Petrus Lagerlööf, Olof Hermelin, B. Högvall, Jacob Wilde, Olof von Dalin, Magnus von Celse, Anders Schönberg, Jonas Hallenberg and Friedrich Conrad Albrekt Broman, the last three partly concurrently, with Hallenberg, who held the position until his death in 1834, being the last to do so; it was formally abolished in 1835.
References
See also
Historiographer Royal (Denmark), created 1594
Historiographer Royal (England), created 1660
Historiographer Royal (Scotland), created 1681 and still extant
Historians of Sweden
17th-century establishments in Sweden
1834 disestablishments in Europe
Liggins may refer to:
Liggins, a surname
Liggins Institute, University of Auckland
The Peribleptos Monastery () is a late Byzantine-era monastery in Mystras, Greece. It was probably built in the mid-14th century by the first Despot of the Morea, Manuel Kantakouzenos, and named after one of the most celebrated monasteries of Byzantine Constantinople. The frescos in the main church, dating between 1348 and 1380, are a very rare surviving late Byzantine cycle, crucial for the understanding of Byzantine art. It is named after St. Mary of Peribleptos, of Byzantine, Constantinople (Istanbul). The Monastery is built into the side of a cliff with a cave supporting the structure. This architectural style is known as the Mystras style and is prevalent in several churches and monasteries in the area, this style is typified by a resemblance to a castle. It is constructed of squared stones with inlaid tiles. The complexity and unique variations of the shape of the structure of the exterior create an interior surface inside the monastery that lends itself to the ethereal quality of the frescoes covering the walls. These have been described as "delicate and subdued" in Byzantine Architecture and Decoration (Hamilton 194-95)
Frescoes and relics
The extensive frescoes covering the interior of Peribleptos Monastery were created from 1350-1375. These works have been connected with the Cretan and Macedonian art schools(Hamilton 195). As art historian Annie Labatt says: "space and movement are treated with a Western feel in these frescoes". Because of the apse and other surfaces that create dramatic spatial surfaces, the artists' that painted these works had the advantage of displaying New Testament images with a perpetual flow with one fresco leading into another. It is unclear who the artists' were. Dedication to the Virgin Mary has been proven as a prominent iconic focus in the religious art in churches and monasteries in Mystras.In Peribleptos Monastery, Relics include a fresco of Saint John the Baptist in a scene of The Baptism of Christ. Another notable relic is the head of Saint Gregory of Nazianzus, 4th-century Archbishop of Constantinople.
Influence and importance
Peribleptos Monastery, Mystras which fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1460, Greece retained its Byzantine architecture and art, though it was surrounded by westerners (Cormack 198). The extensive art and architecture survived and some Byzantine artists were still commissioned. In Peripheral Byzantine Frescoes in Greece: The Problems of Their Connections, Karin M. Skawran asserts that even with the advancing technique of painterly art from other locations, art and painting retained a monastic appearance coming directly from Constantinople. Regardless of Political control and influence, the mosaics and earlier Christian paintings and frescoes of the Byzantine Empire left an indelible mark on the history and tradition of Christian Icons, relics, and art.
Articles of interest
Cormack, Robin, "Byzantine Art" Oxford: Oxford University Press, (2000) pp. 198–99
Hamilton, J. Arnott, M.A., B.D., PhD., Hon. F.R.I.A.S. "Byzantium Art and Decoration" London: Jarrold and Sons, (1956) pp. 194–95
Labatt, Annie. "Frescoes and Wall Painting in Late Byzantine Art." In Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2000– museum (October 2004) Web: Retrieved Mar 10, 2016
Meagher, Jennifer. "Italian Painting of the Later Middle Ages." In Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2000 (September 2010)
Skawran, Karin M.. "Peripheral Byzantine Frescoes in Greece: The Problem of Their Connections". British School at Athens Studies Vol.8, MOSAIC:Festschrift for A.H.S. Megaw (2001): 75–83. Web: Retrieved: Mar 10, 2016
References
Byzantine monasteries in Greece
Mystras
14th-century churches in Greece
Buildings and structures in Laconia
Ravensbourne School may refer to:
Ravensbourne School (Bromley)
Ravensbourne School (Dunedin)
Ravensbourne School (Havering)
Nithyakanyaka is a 1963 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by A. K. Balasubramaniam. The film stars Sathyan, Ragini, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Ambika. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. This film is based on Edhir Paradhathu (1954), directed by Chitrapu Narayana Rao.
Cast
Sathyan
Ragini
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Ambika
Bahadoor
Kambissery Karunakaran
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Santo Krishnan
Soundtrack
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Lope de Vega was a Spanish Golden Age poet and playwright. One of the most prolific writers in history, he was said to have written 2,200 plays (an average of nearly one per week for his entire adult life), though fewer than 400 survive today. In addition, he produced volumes of short and epic poems as well as prose works. For this fecundity, Cervantes nicknamed him the "Monster of Nature". His example crystallized the style of Spanish comedias for generations.
Over 50 English translations of Lope's plays have been published, all but three of them after 1900. As multiple translations of several plays have been made, this covers only about two dozen Spanish originals. By far, the most frequently translated play is Fuente Ovejuna (The Sheep Well), followed by The Dog in the Manger, The Knight of Olmedo, The Silly Lady, Peribáñez and the Comendador of Ocaña, and Capulets and Montagues.
Translations
Key
Spanish Title — The original comedia or auto that serves as the basis of the English text.
English Title — The title of the English text, as it appears in the particular translation. Because one Spanish title may suggest alternate English titles (e.g. Fuente Ovejuna, The Sheep Well, All Citizens are Soldiers), sorting by this column is not a reliable way to group all translations of a particular original together; to do so, sort on Spanish Title.
Year — The year of the translation's first publication. Some translations may have been written or produced earlier than this date, and some were republished subsequently, but this is not noted here.
Publication — The publication in which the translation first appeared. When the publication consisted only of the single named play this information is not repeated, except in cases where the publication title is used as an external link to the work, or when it is matched with an ISBN.
Notes — May indicate the style of translation or significant republications; all works are 3-act comedias unless noted.
Table
Related translations
The Star of Seville, previously attributed to Lope but no longer judged to be by him, is not included in this list. English translations include those by Philip M. Hayden (1916) in , Sir Henry Thomas (1935) , Elizabeth C. Hullihen (1955) , and Steven Strange (1998) . Fanny Kemble's five-act 1837 is based on an earlier précis by Lord Holland.
La Dorotea, a genre-bending closet drama or novel in prose dialogue with interspersed poems, is also not included. It was translated by Alan S. Trueblood and Edwin Honig (1985) .
Notes
References
External links
Online bibliography
A Bibliography Of Spanish Comedias In English Translation
Additional translated texts available online
AHCT Spanish Comedias in English Translation
Lope de Vega at Project Gutenberg
17th-century plays
Plays by Lope de Vega
Translations into English
Lists of plays
Translation-related lists
Richard or Rick Green may refer to:
Entertainment
Richard Green (actor) (born 1953), American actor
Richard Green or Grass Green (1939–2002), African American cartoonist
Rick Green (comedian) (born 1953), Canadian comedian
Richard Lancelyn Green (1953–2004), English Sherlock Holmes expert
Richard Greene (1918–1985), British film and television actor
H. Richard Greene, American actor
Politics
Richard Green (politician) (1907–1961), Australian politician and judge
Richard Green (New Zealand)
Rick Green (Texas politician) (born 1971), Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives
Science
Richard Green (astronomer), American
Richard Green (neuropharmacologist) (born 1944), British
Richard Green (sexologist) (1936–2019), American sexologist, physician, lawyer
Richard J. Green (born 1964), American chemist
Sports
Richard Green (cricketer) (born 1976), English cricketer
Richard Green (footballer) (born 1967), English
Richard Green (golfer) (born 1971), Australian golfer
Richard Green (referee) (1937–1983), boxing referee
Richard Green (rower) (1836–1921) sculling champion
Richard Green (soccer) (born 1949), American soccer player
Rick Green (footballer) (born 1952), English
Rick Green (ice hockey) (born 1956), defenceman
Rickey Green (born 1954), American basketball player
Ritchie Green (1925–1999), Australian rules footballer
Other
Richard Green (shipowner) (1803–1863), English philanthropist and shipowner
Richard Green (chancellor) (1936–1989), first black New York City School Chancellor
Richard Green (telecommunication) (born 1936 or 1937), American telecommunications company executive
Richard Green (technologist) (born 1955), Nokia's chief technology officer from 2010 until 2011
Richard Green (soldier) (1980–2002), Canadian soldier killed in 2002 by American friendly fire during a tour in Afghanistan
Richard C. Green (1953–2015), economist
Richard K. Green (born 1959), American economist
Richard Firth Green, Canadian medievalist
Richard G. Green (died 2001), American lawyer who championed civil rights and free speech
Richard Green, interim president, Lincoln University, Pennsylvania
Richard Green (curator), art curator and art historian
See also
Dick Green (disambiguation)
Richard Greene (disambiguation)
The Christmas Chronicles 2 is a 2020 American Christmas comedy film directed and produced by Chris Columbus, who wrote the screenplay with Matt Lieberman. A sequel to the 2018 film The Christmas Chronicles, it features Kurt Russell reprising his role as Santa Claus. Also reprising their roles are Goldie Hawn, Darby Camp, Judah Lewis, and Kimberly Williams-Paisley, with new cast members Julian Dennison, Jahzir Bruno, Tyrese Gibson, Sunny Suljic, Darlene Love, and Malcolm McDowell. The film had a limited theatrical release before moving to Netflix on November 25, 2020.
Plot
Two years have passed since the events of the last film. Kate Pierce (Darby Camp) is now a cynical 13 year old who is unhappy spending a family Christmas in Cancún, Mexico with her mom Claire (Kimberly Williams-Paisley), her brother Teddy (Judah Lewis), her mom's new boyfriend Bob Booker (Tyrese Gibson), and his son Jack (Jahzir Bruno). She wants to be back home where it's snowing and more like a real Christmas. Kate decides to run away and get an early flight back home to Boston. She catches a shuttle that Jack sneaks on to. They are unexpectedly transported to the North Pole by the driver Belsnickel (Julian Dennison), a nefarious Christmas elf.
Kate and Jack are discovered and saved by Santa Claus (Kurt Russell) who brings them back to his house and Mrs. Claus (Goldie Hawn). The Clauses give the kids a grand tour of their village and all it has to offer. The four of them go back to the house for dinner. Jack and Kate go to bed as Belsnickel and his follower Speck (Debi Derryberry) begin an attempt to destroy the village. Mrs. Claus tells the kids the origin story of Santa in Turkey and how he saved the elves from extinction, and received the Star of Bethlehem, a magical artifact that stops time in and provides power to Santa's Village. The Claus' adopted Belsnickel. As he grew up and they had less time for him, he became naughty, causing him to be transformed into a human as a curse, and ran away.
Belsnickel releases Jola, a yule cat, into the reindeer pen, injuring Dasher. Belsnickel releases a potion into the village that causes the elves to go insane. He steals the Star of Bethlehem on top of the village's Christmas tree. Santa and the others confront him. Santa attempts to take the star back and in the struggle between him and Belsnickel, it is accidentally destroyed, causing the power to go out in the village. The maddened elves start a snowball fight that gives Belsnickel time to escape. Santa and Kate leave for Turkey in order to get the forest elves led by Hakan to build a new star. Jack leaves to get a root to cure the crazed elves while Mrs. Claus stays behind to tend to Dasher. Kate and Santa find the elves as Hakan (Malcolm McDowell) leads them into building a casing for a new star and Santa captures the power of the Star of Bethlehem inside it.
While flying back to the village, Belsnickel catches up to them on a sleigh pulled by his jackalotes (a hybrid of a jackal and a coyote) which he created, steals the star so he can stop himself from aging long enough to figure out how to replace Santa, and transports them back to 1990 Boston via a time-travel device he planted on Santa's sleigh. Jack finds the root and brings it back to Mrs Claus. Kate attempts to buy AAA batteries for Belsnickel's time travel device, which she and Santa now possess, at the Boston airport to transport her and Santa back to the future. However, she is detained by an airport security member (Patrick Gallagher) due to an apparent counterfeit (the money was marked 2020). Kate is taken to a locked security room with kids who have lost their parents. When Kate becomes upset about her wrongdoings at Cancun, another kid named Doug (Sunny Suljic) comforts Kate and helps her escape the room. After Kate joins Santa, she realizes Doug Pierce is her late father. With help from a worker named Grace (Darlene Love), Santa gets everybody singing a Christmas song as the weather clears up. With Christmas spirit high enough for the sleigh to fly, Santa puts the batteries in and they transport back and recover the star.
Mrs. Claus makes the root into a powder. Jack fights his way to the snow cannons, places the powder inside, and shoots it onto the elves, curing them. Santa and Kate race back to the village evading Belsnickel as he chases them. Mrs. Claus throws an explosive gingerbread cookie in between both sleighs before they can collide in a game of chicken. Dasher recovers and assists Santa in defeating Jola, the latter hurling the yule cat out of the village. Kate places the star on top of the tree, restoring power to the village. Santa gives Belsnickel the first toy that they built together, and Belsnickel reconciles with them, transforming back into an elf.
Santa flies Kate and Jack back to Cancún where they inform an excited Teddy about their adventure and Kate becomes more accepting of Bob. At the end of the day, Kate, her Mom, and Teddy, along with Bob and Jack sing "O' Christmas Tree" as Santa, Mrs. Claus, Belsnickel, and the elves sing the same song in the North Pole.
Cast
Kurt Russell as Santa Claus / Saint "Nick" Nicholas, a magical figure who brings presents for people on Christmas night, when they are asleep.
Goldie Hawn as Mrs Claus, the wife of Santa Claus.
Darby Camp as Kate Pierce, a girl who previously helped Santa Claus in the last movie.
Kimberly Williams-Paisley as Claire Pierce, a widowed nurse who is the mother of Kate and Teddy.
Jahzir Bruno as Jack Booker, the son of Bob Booker.
Julian Dennison as Belsnickel, an elf adopted by Santa Claus who goes rogue and ended up human. Dennison also voices his elf form.
Tyrese Gibson as Bob Booker, Claire's new boyfriend.
Judah Lewis as Teddy Pierce, the brother of Kate who no longer engages in malicious activities.
Sunny Suljic as young Doug Pierce, the younger version of Kate and Teddy's late father who Kate encounters in 1990.
Darlene Love as Grace, a Boston airport worker in 1990.
Patrick Gallagher as a Mass State Police Trooper in 1990 who detains Kate.
Voices
Malcolm McDowell as Hakan, the leader of the forest elves in Turkey.
Andrew Morgado as Hugg
Debi Derryberry as Fleck, Speck
Jessica Lowe as Mina
Michael Yurchak as Bjorn
Kari Wahlgren as Jojo
Production
Development
On May 14, 2020, a sequel titled The Christmas Chronicles 2 was announced to have begun post-production. Original director Clay Kaytis, who served as executive producer for the sequel, dropped out and was replaced by Chris Columbus, who produced the first film.
Casting
Kurt Russell, Goldie Hawn, Darby Camp, Kimberly Williams-Paisley and Judah Lewis were all confirmed to reprise their roles, while Julian Dennison and Jahzir Bruno joined the cast for the sequel.
Release
Streaming
The film was streamed on Netflix on November 25, 2020. The film also played in three cities (at about 32 Cinemark theaters) the week prior to its digital release, the first time Netflix allowed one of its films to be played in a chain theater.
The film was the most-watched item on the site in its debut weekend. Netflix later reported the film was watched by 61 million households over its first month.
Reception
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . The website's critics consensus reads: "While it's missing some of the magic of the original, The Christmas Chronicles: Part Two serves up a sweet second helping of holiday cheer that makes the most of its marvelously matched leads." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 51 out of 100, based on 12 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
See also
List of Christmas films
References
External links
2020 comedy films
2020 films
2020s adventure comedy films
2020s Christmas comedy films
1492 Pictures films
American adventure comedy films
American sequel films
Christmas adventure films
American Christmas comedy films
English-language Netflix original films
Films about time travel
Films directed by Chris Columbus
Films produced by Chris Columbus
Films set in 1990
Films set in 2020
Films set in airports
Films set in Boston
Films set in Mexico
Films scored by Christophe Beck
Santa Claus in film
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Tigheci is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Cuporani and Tigheci.
References
Communes of Leova District
Epacris acuminata , commonly known as claspleaf heath, is a species of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae and is endemic to Tasmania. It is a small, spreading shrub with egg-shaped, stem-clasping leaves and tube-shaped flowers with white petals.
Description
Epacris acuminata is an erect shrub that typically grows to a height of up to , and has many branches from near the base. The leaves are egg-shaped, concave and stem-clasping, long and wide on a petiole less than long. The tip of the leaves is sharply-pointed and there are five to seven veins showing on the lower surface. The flowers are arranged singly in leaf axils in dense clusters along the branches. The petals are white and joined at the base, forming a tube long with lobes about the same length. The style is long and protrudes from the petal tube with the stamens. Flowering occurs from July to October and the fruit is a capsule about long with the remains of the sepals and bracts attached.
Taxonomy and naming
Epacris acuminata was first formally described in 1868 by George Bentham in Flora Australiensis. The specific epithet (acuminata) means "tapering to a narrow point".
Distribution and habitat
Claspleaf heath grows in low shrubland on mountain peaks, in heathy woodland, forest and along watercourse. It occurs in the south-east, the midlands and the eastern edge of the Central Plateau in Tasmania.
References
acuminata
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Plants described in 1868
Taxa named by George Bentham
Davie Johnston (born 29 February 1948) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee and Montrose.
External links
1948 births
Living people
Association football fullbacks
Scottish footballers
Banks O' Dee F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Footballers from Aberdeen
Grant Fisher (born April 22, 1997) is a Canadian-born American professional long distance runner with the Bowerman Track Club. Fisher holds the American outdoor records in the 3000 m, 5000 m, and 10000 m as well as the indoor record in the 5000 m. As a high-schooler, he was named Gatorade Player of the Year for cross-country for the 2013–2014 and 2014–2015 seasons. On June 4, 2015, he became the seventh American high school student to run a mile under four minutes. Fisher represented the United States at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics in the 1500-meter race.
An eleven-time All-American, Fisher won the 2017 NCAA Outdoor Track and Field 5000 m championship (14:35.60), becoming the first American underclassman to do so in 28 years. The following year, Fisher placed third in the same event with a time of 13:55.04, just missing Syracuse's Justyn Knight (13:55.03) and his Stanford Cardinal teammate Sean McGorty (13:54.81).
Fisher placed second in both the 10000 m and the 5000 m at the 2020 Olympic Trials, qualifying for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. At the Olympics, he placed 5th in the 10000 m and 9th in the 5000 m.
Running career
Early life and high school
While living in Grand Blanc, Michigan, Fisher began running in the spring of his seventh grade year, after joining his middle school cross-country team. When he became a freshman in high school, Fisher joined both the soccer and cross-country teams, where he made varsity for both.
In 2011, Fisher qualified for the state cross-country meet and ran a 16:14 to finish 28th. In the Spring of 2012, he qualified for the state meet in the 1600 meter run, he ran a 4:30.23.
In the fall of his sophomore year (November 2012), he missed the Michigan state cross-country meet because he had to play for his soccer team in the state finals game. In the spring of 2013, he ran personal bests of 3:50.30 at the IAAF World Youth Championships in Athletics in the 1500 meter run, 4:11.27 in the 1600 meter at the KLAA Lakes Conference Meet, 4:12.74 in the mile run at the New Balance Outdoor Nationals meet, and 8:32.65 in the 3000 at the USATF World Youth Trials, and 9:04.33 in the 3200 at the Michigan state meet.
In the fall of his junior year (2013), he had personal bests of 15:02 at the Foot Locker Midwest Regional to win the event. Fisher then went on to the Foot Locker Nationals, which he won as well. In the spring of his junior year (2014), Fisher set personal bests of 1:55.76 in the 800 meter run, 3:49.62 in the 1500 meters at the World Junior Championships, 4:10.82 in the 1600 meter to win the division one state meet in Michigan, a 4:02.02 in the mile to win the event at the Adidas Grand Prix, 8:55.75 in the 3200 meter run to win JD's Invitational, and an 8:51.28 in the two mile run to win the event at the Brooks PR Invitational.
The fall of his senior year (2014), Fisher ran a 14:43.00 to win the Portage Invitational and a 15:03 to win 2014 Foot Locker Nationals. This victory made Fisher one of only 5 boys to ever win two Foot Locker national titles (the others included Abdirizak Mohamud, Lukas Verzbicas, Edward Cheserek, and Dathan Ritzenhein). In Spring of 2015, Grant Fisher became the 7th high school athlete to break 4 minutes in the mile, tying Matthew Maton's time of 3:59.38.
Collegiate
Fisher committed to run at Stanford University on November 16, 2014.
At the end of his freshman year cross-country season at Stanford, Fisher placed 17th overall at the 2015 NCAA DI XC Championships in 30:07.9. In the winter 2015-16 indoor season, Fisher won 3000 meters on February 13, 2016, in Seattle (2016 Husky Classic) with a personal best 7:50.06.
At the 2017 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Fisher won the 5000 meters race. The race was tactical and his time of 14:35.60 was the slowest winning mark in an NCAA final since 1995. It also made Fisher the first American underclassmen to win the NCAA title in 28 years.
Fisher placed 5th at the 2017 NCAA Division I Cross Country Championships. At the 2018 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Fisher placed 3rd in the 5000m behind Stanford Cardinal men's track and field teammate and 2018 5000 meters champion Sean McGorty.
Fisher placed 2nd at 2018 NCAA Division I Cross Country Championships leading Stanford Cardinals to a 5th-place team finish.
Fisher placed 2nd in DMR with Stanford Cardinal teammates (Alex Ostberg, Isaiah Brandt-Sims, Isaac Cortes, Grant Fisher) and 3000 meters at 2019 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships.
Fisher earned twelve NCAA Division I All-America awards from the USTFCCCA.
Professional career
2020
Fisher placed 4th in the 3000m at the Boston University Last Chance Invitational on February 27, 2020. His teammates Lopez Lomong, Ryan Hill, and Evan Jager finished ahead of him. Grant's time of 7:39.99 was a PR for the distance and his first time under 7:40.
In the summer of 2020, Bowerman Track Club held several intrasquad meets in due to the lack of the races during the COVID-19 pandemic. During these races, Fisher set new PRs of 3:36.23 for 1500m and 13:11.68 for 5000m. He was also part of the team who broke the American Record in 14:34.97. The meets were held in undisclosed locations around Portland, Oregon.
2021
Fisher opened up his 2021 season with a 3000m PR of 7:37.21, finishing second to teammate Marc Scott. Fisher ran this time at the Prickly Pear Invitational in Phoenix, AZ on February 6, 2021. Fisher ran a new 10000m PR of 27:11.29 on February 20, 2021, at the TEN invitational meet in Los Angeles, CA. Again finishing second to Scott, the time made Fisher the fifth fastest American ever over the distance and met the Olympic qualifying standard.
On March 6, 2021, Fisher won the Men's 5000m at the Sound Running Invite in Southern California. His time of 13:02.53 was a personal record and the 13th fastest time ever run by an American. Fisher went through 3000 meters in 7:55.20 and his last lap of 55.38 was the fastest in the field by over 2 seconds.
Fisher finished 4th in the 1500m at the Track Meet in Irvine, California held on May 15 with a time of 3:36.52. His Bowerman teammate Matthew Centrowitz won the race. As a final tune-up for the Olympic trials, he won the second heat of the Portland Track Festival 5000m on May 29 in a meet record 13:19.52 over teammate Woody Kincaid. The meet record was formerly held by Dathan Ritzenhein from his 13:19.78 performance in the 2012 edition of the meet.
Fisher finished second in the U.S. Olympic Team Trials 10,000m to make his first Olympic team. The meet was held at the reconstructed Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon with Fisher's race taking place on the first day of competition, June 18. It was a close finish between 1st placer Kincaid (27:53.62) and 3rd placer Joe Klecker of On Running (27:54.90) while Fisher ran 27:54.29. All three qualifiers ran their last lap in under 55 seconds, with Kincaid having the fastest last lap of 53.47. The top three were well ahead of 4th placer Ben True, 4 seconds back from Klecker.
Fisher doubled back in the 5000m on June 27 at the trials to take second in 13:27.01 behind 2016 Olympic silver medalist Paul Chelimo and just ahead of teammate Kincaid. Fisher's time was 13:27.01 as just .31 seconds separated the top 3. Kincaid had the fastest last lap of the field in 52.74 and all three qualifiers closed under 53 seconds, a finish that is usually world class. Oregon's Cooper Teare finished 4th in 13:28.08. Fisher and Kincaid opted to run both events in the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
At the 2020 Summer Olympics, Fisher finished the 10,000m event with a time of 27:46.39, placing 5th overall and the fastest American in the field. He returned to the track to finish 9th in the 5000m event with a time of 13:08.40.
2022
Fisher opened his 2022 season on February 12 at the Boston University David Hemery Valentine Invitational by setting a new American indoor record in the 5000m with a time of 12:53.73, beating the previous American record held by Galen Rupp of 13:01.26.
On March 6, Grant Fisher won "The Ten" at the Sound Running Invite as his second race of the season. His time of 26:33.84 set a new American outdoor record and a North American Record in the 10000m. This time makes him 7th on the all-time list for the 10000m distance.
On May 27, Fisher got 2nd in the USATF 10k championship with a time of 28.28.81.
On June 26, Fisher won the USATF 5k Championship with a time of 13:03.86.
On July 17, Fisher placed 4th in the 10000m at the 2022 World Athletics Championships.
Major competition record
Personal life
Grant Fisher was born in Calgary, Alberta, on April 22, 1997, to Dan and Sonia Fisher. He has an older sister, Hailey, and a younger brother, Mark. He grew up in Grand Blanc, Michigan and attended Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. In addition to running, Fisher was an avid soccer player. He began playing the sport when he was four years old and in high school was a member of the Michigan Wolves, an elite level club team. Fisher now lives in Portland, Oregon, and trains with the Bowerman Track Club under the guidance of Coach Jerry Schumacher.
Personal records
High school
800m: 1:55.76
1500m: 3:42.89
1500m (Indoor): 3:46.41
1600m: 4:00.08
One Mile (Indoor): 4:03.24
One Mile: 3:59.38
3000m: 8:32.65
3200m: 8:53.41
Two Mile: 8:43.57
5000m (Indoor): 14:51.19
5000m: 14:43.00
Collegiate
800m: 1:51.86
1500m: 3:39.60
3000m (Indoor): 7:42.62
5000m: 13:29.52
8K (XC): 23:09.8
10K (XC): 29:08.8
Professional
1500m: 3:35.53 (2022)
3000m: 7:28.48 (2022) American Record
5000m: 12:46.96 (2022) American Record
10000m: 26:33.84 (2022) American Record
References
1997 births
Living people
American male long-distance runners
Athletes from Calgary
People from Grand Blanc, Michigan
Stanford Cardinal men's track and field athletes
American male middle-distance runners
Stanford Cardinal men's cross country runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic male long-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Petri Jussi Mikael Hulkko (born 26 September 1961) is a Finnish three-star general. He has served as the Commander of the Finnish Army since August 2017 to January 2021. He is now retired.
Hulkko graduated from the Cadet School in 1984. He has since served as the commander of the Utti Jaeger Regiment from 2004 to 2008, as a Military Advisor to the Minister of Defence from 2008 to 2011, as Chief of Operations of the Army from 2012 to 2016 and as Chief of Staff of the Army in 2017.
Hulkko is the cousin of Finnish rock musician Andy McCoy. He is the father of Finnish national team swimmer Ida Hulkko.
Sources
1961 births
Living people
People from Juuka
Finnish lieutenant generals
The North Coast Brewing Company is a craft brewery located in Fort Bragg, California. As of 2018, it is the -the largest craft brewer by annual sales volume in the United States.
History
The North Coast Brewing Company was founded in 1988 as a brewpub by Mark Ruedrich, Tom Allen and Doug Moody, producing 400 barrels of beer its first year. In 1996, they acquired the rights to the Acme Brewing Company brand, originally founded in San Francisco in 1907.
Beers
Current
North Coast Brewing Company currently produces 13 beers year-round as well as 4 seasonal beers that are produced quarterly.
Year-round
Acme IPA - California India pale ale
Blue Star - unfiltered American wheat beer
Brother Thelonious - Belgian-style strong dark ale, in honor of Thelonious Monk and some profits are donated to the education programs at the Monterey Jazz Festival
Laguna Baja - Vienna dark lager
Le Merle - saison
North Coast Steller IPA - India pale ale
Old No. 38 - Dublin dry stout
Old Rasputin - Russian imperial stout
Old Stock Ale - Old ale, also bottled in limited reserve vintages and barrel-aged, including one to benefit
PranQster - Belgian-style golden ale
Red Seal - American amber ale
Scrimshaw - pilsner
Barrel-aged
Barrel Aged Old Rasputin XXII - Russian imperial stout, aged in bourbon whiskey barrels
Limited reserve
Anniversary XX - agave nectar pale ale, released in celebration of the brewery's Twentieth anniversary
Retired
Acme California Brown - Brown ale
Beer Engine Red - Irish red ale
Black Hart - a dry Irish-style stout
Class of '88 - a barley wine produced in collaboration with Rogue Ales and distributed via Deschutes Brewery's channels
Cru D'or - Dubbel
Grand Cru - brewed with agave nectar and aged in used bourbon barrels
Mary's Pilsner - Pilsner
Puck the Beer" - Petite Saison
Wintertime Ale'' - Christmas beer
Awards
See also
California breweries
Beer in the United States
Barrel-aged beer
References
External links
Beer brewing companies based in Mendocino County, California
American companies established in 1988
Food and drink companies established in 1988
1988 establishments in California
Benefit corporations
Certified B Corporations in the Food & Beverage Industry
Venanus is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 11 described species in Venanus, found in the New World.
Species
These 11 species belong to the genus Venanus:
Venanus chilensis Mason, 1981
Venanus greeneyi Whitfield & Arias-Penna, 2011
Venanus heberti Fernández-Triana, 2010
Venanus helavai Mason, 1981
Venanus johnnyrosalesi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Venanus kusikuyllurae Rasmussen & Whitfield, 2011
Venanus minutalis (Muesebeck, 1958)
Venanus peruensis Mason, 1981
Venanus pinicola Mason, 1981
Venanus randallgarciai Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Venanus yanayacuensis Arias-Penna & Whitfield, 2011
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Stroescu is a Romanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Silvia Stroescu (born 1985), Romanian artistic gymnast
Vasile Stroescu (1845–1926), Romanian politician, landowner, and philanthropist
Romanian-language surnames
Vernon Lushington KC, (8 March 1832 – 24 January 1912), was a Positivist, Deputy Judge Advocate General, Second Secretary to the Admiralty, and was associated with the Pre-Raphaelites. He was a Cambridge Apostle.
Lushington was born in Westminster, London, to Stephen and Sarah Grace (née Carr) Lushington; his twin brother was Godfrey Lushington, KCB GCMG, Permanent Under-Secretary of State of the Home Office. He was educated at East India College, Haileybury, Hertfordshire, and Trinity College, Cambridge. He became a QC, a county court judge, Secretary to the Admiralty in 1871, and Deputy Judge Advocate General from 1878 to 1912. He married Jane Mowatt, daughter of Francis Mowatt, on 28 February 1865. From 1877 to 1903 the Lushington family's country residence was Pyports, Cobham, Surrey.
With his brother Godfrey, he advocated positivist philosophy, motivated by the ideas of Auguste Comte, and was a follower of Frederic Harrison. Influenced by Frederick Denison Maurice, he joined the Working Men's College as a singing teacher, and promoter of art and music appreciation; he became part of the group that formed the first College governing Corporation in 1854. At the death of Maurice in 1872, he, with his brother, and Frederick James Furnivall, Thomas Hughes, and Richard Buckley Litchfield, became a unifying force at the College.
He was a friend to artists, authors and activists, particularly those of The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and the Arts and Crafts Movement who gravitated to the Working Men's College. In 1856, it was he who first introduced Edward Burne-Jones to Dante Gabriel Rossetti in his college rooms. Rossetti used Lushington's wife, Jane, as a model in 1865.
Lushington, friend of William Morris, was a frequent visitor to Kelmscott Manor. He was a close friend of Leslie Stephen and his family; Stephen's daughter Virginia (later Woolf) based her character Mrs. Dalloway on Lushington's daughter Kitty. He was also a close friend of Working Men's College founder Richard Buckley Litchfield and his wife Etty, daughter of Charles Darwin; the Lushingtons were regular visitors to Darwin's Down House. As Thomas Carlyle's friend, he edited Carlyle's first Collected Works, (Chapman and Hall, 1858).
References
1832 births
1912 deaths
People educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Queen's Counsel 1801–1900
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
British barristers
20th-century English judges
Permanent Secretaries to the Admiralty
County Court judges (England and Wales)
19th-century English judges
Cochin College of Engineering and Technology is a self financing engineering college affiliated to University of Calicut, A P J Abdul Kalam Technological University and approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi . It was established in the year 2012, situated at Valanchery in Malappuram District.
Cochin College of Engineering and Technology is managed by a Public Charitable and Educational Trust called World Wide Knowledge Foundation having a registered office in Valanchery.
Courses
See also
References
External links
Cochin College of Engineering and Technology Official Website
Official Website of Commissionarate of Entrance Examinations-Kerala
University of Calicut
University Grants Commission
National Assessment and Accreditation Council
Colleges affiliated with the University of Calicut
Private engineering colleges in Kerala
Educational institutions established in 2011
Universities and colleges in Malappuram district
2011 establishments in Kerala
Kenneth James Noye (born 24 May 1947) is an English criminal who was sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering Stephen Cameron in a road rage incident while on licence from prison in 1996. He was arrested in Spain two years later and convicted of the crime four years after it occurred.
A former police informant, Noye was acquitted in 1985 for the murder of a police officer on the grounds of his home, and was convicted in 1986 of handling stolen goods from the Brink's-Mat robbery, serving eight years in prison of a 14-year sentence.
Noye was released on parole in 2019.
Early life
Noye was born in Bexleyheath, where his father ran a post office and his mother a dog racing track. His dishonesty began at a young age. At five, his mother caught him taking money from the till in a branch of Woolworths while she had been talking to a shop assistant. A bully while a pupil at Bexleyheath Boys' Secondary Modern School, he ran a protection racket with his fellow pupils. He left school at 15. For selling stolen bicycles after he had altered their appearance, and other crimes, he spent a year in a borstal. At this point he met a barrister's legal secretary who would later become his wife.
Criminal activities before 1996
A police informant for many years, Noye had begun a connection with corrupt officers by the time he was arrested for receiving stolen goods in 1977. He became a Freemason in January 1980, becoming a member of the Hammersmith Lodge in London after being proposed for admission by two police officers, giving his occupation as "Builder".
The membership of the Lodge contained a sizeable proportion of police according to an April 2000 article in The Independent. Noye's membership ceased in 1987 because he had failed to pay his subscriptions for two years in succession. He was subsequently expelled from the Freemasons when it was discovered that he had a criminal record, according to a letter from the Grand Secretary of the United Grand Lodge of England, published by The Independent in December 1996.
One of Noye's police contacts persuaded a customs official not to target him, while his tip-offs to the Metropolitan Police's Flying Squad were reportedly a means to prevent competition from rival criminals. Meanwhile, he had built up a legitimate haulage business to use as cover. Having initially been refused planning permission for a mansion on a plot of land he owned, he was able to gain consent in a subsequent application shortly after his bungalow on the site was destroyed in a fire caused by an electrical fault.
Brink's-Mat
Active as a fence, Noye was among those involved in laundering a huge quantity of stolen gold bullion taken during the Brink's-Mat robbery by six armed men on 26 November 1983. While he was being investigated for his involvement in the crime, Noye fatally stabbed Detective Constable John Fordham who was involved in the police surveillance of Noye in the grounds of his home. Acquitted of murder on the grounds of self-defence in December 1985, he was found guilty in July 1986 of handling some of the stolen gold, and of a conspiracy to evade VAT. After his conviction in court, he shouted to the jury "I hope you all die of cancer".
The discovery of the bullion had surprised the gang as they expected to find £3 million in cash; their contacts had no experience of dealing with gold, let alone 6,800 bars worth £26 million in 1983. Mick McAvoy, one of the thieves, had asked Brian Perry to conceal the gold he had received, and it was Perry who brought in Noye and John Palmer, subsequently nicknamed "Goldfinger"; Palmer was acquitted in 1987 of knowingly handling gold from the robbery.
Noye had melted down much of the Brink's-Mat gold he had received, and mixed it with copper coins in an attempt to disguise its origins, although eleven gold bars from the robbery were found hidden at his home. Sentenced to 14 years, and fined £500,000 with £200,000 costs, he was released from prison in 1994, having served eight years. In a civil action brought by the loss adjusters of Brink's-Mat insurers, £3 million was recovered from Noye while he was incarcerated.
Murder of Stephen Cameron
On 19 May 1996, while on release from prison on licence, Noye was involved in an altercation with 21-year-old motorist Stephen Cameron on a slip road of the M25 motorway near Swanley in Kent during a road rage incident. During the fight, Noye stabbed Cameron to death with a 9-inch knife. Noye immediately fled the country, later revealed to have been assisted by Palmer, who later claimed to have barely known Noye, if at all. While Noye was on the run, Detective Constable John Donald was jailed for 11 years for passing on confidential information about police operations to Noye.
Police initially named the man they wanted to question in connection with the murder as Anthony Francis. However, by December 1996 this name was revealed to have been a false identity used by Noye, after a vehicle registered in his name was discovered to have been unloaded in Kyrenia, Cyprus, in July that year. The vehicle was a dark green L-registered Land Rover Discovery, which matched the description of the vehicle driven by the man who had fatally stabbed Stephen Cameron. However, Noye was not located in Cyprus, and due to Kyrenia's location in the Turkish occupied northern part of the country, Britain did not have the extradition treaties in place which would have allowed Noye to be extradited back to Britain if he had been tracked down to Northern Cyprus. It would be nearly two more years before Noye was finally located.
A significant police hunt assisted by GCHQ led to Noye being located in Spain, where he was arrested in the resort of Barbate on 28 August 1998. Cameron's girlfriend Danielle Cable, who had witnessed the killing, was secretly flown out to positively identify him, which she did on 27 August. Noye was arrested the following day, and lost an appeal against his extradition from Spain seven months later. He was finally extradited to Britain in May 1999, nine months after his arrest, and went on trial 10 months later.
Despite the risk involved, Cable opted to testify against Noye. Noye claimed not to be a violent man at the trial, and again pleaded self-defence, explaining that he had fled because the police hated him and he feared not receiving a fair trial. Found guilty on 14 April 2000, after a trial held in conditions of high security, Noye was convicted of murder by the jury's majority verdict of 11–1 after their deliberations had lasted 8 hours and 21 minutes, and was given a life sentence by Lord Justice Latham. Despite evidence of his wealth, Noye's legal aid costs amounted to about £250,000 for his defence at the trial (and he also received financial support for his initial appeal).
After auditors in an official inquiry found the correct procedures in such cases had not been followed, one of the officials responsible for Noye's financial support in the Lord Chancellor's office resigned, while another was disciplined. Cable was given a new identity under the witness protection programme, having been praised by police for her courage in giving evidence in the presence of Noye and his associates.
Another eyewitness, Alan Decabral, declined protection and was shot dead in his car in Ashford, Kent, on 5 October 2000; police sources were in no doubt that Decabral was killed by a professional hitman. However, police sources stated that Decabral had himself been questioned about gun smuggling, had extensive criminal contacts, and his estranged wife later admitted that he had been a drug dealer who owed money to others. Although Noye was questioned by the police, they concluded that the still-unsolved murder had no proven connection with him.
The judge at Noye's trial did not make any recommendation in open court on the tariff for how long Noye should serve, but made the then-conventional written report to the Lord Chief Justice and the Home Secretary recommending a tariff of 16 years. In 2002 the then-Home Secretary David Blunkett duly set the tariff, before Noye could apply for parole at 16 years as recommended. This tariff was subsequently upheld by Mr Justice Simon.
Prison sentence and later legal proceedings
On 10 October 2001 and again in 2004, Noye appealed unsuccessfully against his conviction. He was represented in 2001 by Michael Mansfield, QC. In 2007 a legal challenge was made against the Criminal Cases Review Commission's decision not to refer his case to the Court of Appeal as "legally flawed".
On 7 March 2008, on a new legal challenge, Lord Justice Richards and Mrs Justice Swift granted permission for a one-day judicial review hearing, covering the CCRC's October 2006 decision not to send Noye's case back to the Court of Appeal.
On 25 June 2010, Noye's bid to have the minimum term he must serve for murder reduced was rejected. Mr Justice Simon, a High Court judge sitting at Newcastle, ordered that he must spend at least 16 years in jail before he could be considered for parole. On 14 October of that year, Noye was granted a fresh appeal against his conviction for Cameron's murder, but it was rejected on 22 March 2011. Noye was reported to have been moved from the Category A prison, HM Prison Whitemoor, to a Category B prison, at Lowdham Grange, in September 2011. Noye was formerly at Category C HM Prison Wayland in Griston, Norfolk. Another appeal, this time against the tariff, was dismissed on 12 March 2013.
On 13 February 2015, BBC News reported that Noye had been granted a parole hearing. The Parole Board said the case had been referred by the secretary of state. Noye was refused permission to move to an open prison by Justice Secretary Michael Gove in October 2015 after such a move had been recommended by the parole board.
However, in the High Court, Mr Justice Lavender accepted a legal challenge in February 2017 that Gove had "failed to give proper or adequate weight to the recommendation of the Parole Board". Edward Fitzgerald, QC, acting for Noye, said during the previous month's hearing that the board had "noted that he had made significant progress in changing his attitudes and tackling his behavioural problems". Counsel for the Justice Secretary, Tom Weisselberg, QC, said Gove had doubted Noye had reformed, and considered there was the risk he would escape because of his connections to Spain. it was announced in August 2017 that Gove's successor David Lidington had agreed Noye should be moved to open prison conditions. It was said by the parole board that this change was not in preparation for Noye's release.
Around March 2018, Noye was moved to HM Prison Standford Hill on the Isle of Sheppey, which is a low security prison with a day release provision for prisoners.
In May 2019, the parole board announced that Noye was "suitable for return to the community" and would be released from prison within about three months.
On 6 June 2019, then aged 72, Noye was released from prison after serving 20 years for the M25 attack. The parole board said that his release remained a risk due to "his readiness to carry and use weapons" and because Noye was "not being able to resolve arguments reasonably at key moments" as he "did not always control extreme emotions well”.
Hatton Garden robbery link
In 2016, it was revealed that the leader of a gang who carried out the Hatton Garden heist was a former top lieutenant of Noye. The man, Brian Reader, had been charged alongside Noye for murdering the police officer in the grounds of Noye's home in 1985.
Personal life
Noye's wife lives in the east Cornwall town of Looe. They have two sons, one of whom, Brett, was banned in 2013 from being a company director for 21 years for his part in a £2.4 million investor deception scheme involving a rat poison company.
Noye's villa in Atlanterra, Spain, which was purchased for £200,000 cash in 1997, was reportedly sold for £500,000 in 2001.
References
1947 births
Living people
20th-century English criminals
1996 murders in the United Kingdom
Criminals from Kent
Criminals from London
English gangsters
English people convicted of murder
English prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Freemasons of the United Grand Lodge of England
People acquitted of murder
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
People from Bexleyheath
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by England and Wales
Robert Clavering| was MP for Northumberland from 1386 to 1388.
Clavering was born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne on 3 February 1326.He was Collector of taxes for Northumberland from 1379 to 1383. He was Chancellor, Chamberlain, Clerk of the Works and Keeper of Provisions at Berwick-upon-Tweed from 1386 to 1388. He died on 17 January 1394.
References
1326 births
1394 deaths
English MPs October 1382
Politicians from Newcastle upon Tyne
Chiropractic in Canada is licensed at the provincial and territorial level. Council on Chiropractic Education of Canada accredits educational programs.
Canadian Federation of Chiropractic Regulatory and Educational Accrediting Boards
The "Canadian Federation of Chiropractic Regulatory and Educational Accrediting Boards" (French La fédération chiropratique canadienne des organismes de réglementation professionnelle et d'agrément des programmes d'enseignement) is a Canadian national association of provincial and territorial chiropractic licensing authorities and accredited educational programs. In Canada, chiropractic is licensed at the provincial and territorial level; the federation provides a clearinghouse for these authorities to exchange information and resources.
Licensure
Canadian Chiropractic Examining Board requires all candidates to complete a 12-month clinical internship to obtain licensure, as well as write a total of 3 exams in their 4th year of study. Candidates must successfully pass Components A and B (Written Cognitive Skills Examination) to be eligible for the Clinical Skills Examination. Canadian accrediting standards are higher than the United States, and admission requirements into the Doctor of Chiropractic Degree programme are the strictest in North America.
Regulation & standards
Chiropractic is regulated by provincial statute in all 10 Canadian provinces. Chiropractors have the legislated right to use the title doctor in all provincial jurisdictions. Some provincial jurisdictions, such as Manitoba, require that chiropractors also display or makes use of the word "Chiropractic" or the word "Chiropractor" immediately preceding or following the word doctor.
References
External links
Canadian Chiropractic Association
registrar.cmcc.ca
Chiropractic
Chiropractic organizations
Health Canada
David Anthony McGreavy (born 1951) is an English convicted murderer who in a drunken rage killed three children, aged four, two and nine months, in the United Kingdom in 1973. He was in the news in 2013 when an anonymity order imposed in 2009 was lifted based on findings that there was a public interest in his application for parole and that there was no immediate danger to his life. He was held in a vulnerable prisoners' unit, where he spent most of his 40 years in prison until he was released on parole in December 2018.
Early life
David Anthony McGreavy was born in 1951 in Southport, Lancashire to Thomas and Bella McGreavy, the second of six children. His father, Thomas, was a sergeant in the British Army and the family moved frequently between different Army posts. In 1967, David McGreavy left school and joined the Royal Navy, where he hoped to make a career. However, he was dismissed from the Navy in August 1971, after being court-martialled for starting a fire that destroyed a mess wardroom. McGreavy then moved back in with his parents in Worcestershire. His fiancée broke up with him and he was sacked from several jobs. Fed up with his lack of work and heavy drinking, his parents forced him to move out.
Ralph family
In 1972, unable to live with his parents, McGreavy began boarding with his friend Clive Ralph and his wife Elsie (née Clay), and their two small children, Paul (born 1968) and Dawn Maria (born 1971). Clive and Elsie had been school friends, and there was a five-year age difference between them; they had married in September 1968 when Elsie was 16 and pregnant with Paul. They lived on Gillam Street in the Rainbow Hill district of Worcester. At the time McGreavy moved in, Elsie was pregnant with the Ralphs' third child, Samantha Jane, who was born in September 1972.
Elsie Ralph (who later remarried and has gone by the names "Elsie Urry" or "Dorothy Urry") recalled in a television interview many years later that McGreavy held a factory job. He paid £6 per week for rent, as well as sometimes cooking Sunday dinner. Although newspapers reported in 1973 that McGreavy and Elsie had had an affair, Elsie has denied this.
Clive Ralph worked for his father as a lorry driver. When baby Samantha was about 7 months old, Elsie became a barmaid at The Punch Bowl tavern, about from the Ralph home. With both Clive and Elsie now busy working, McGreavy acted as babysitter for the Ralph children. At that time, McGreavy's family and neighbours as well as the Ralphs knew him as a person who loved children, including the Ralph children. According to Elsie, he would frequently play with her children and acted "like a father" to them, going so far as to chastise her over her discipline of Paul.
Murders
On Friday, 13 April 1973, Elsie Ralph was picked up from work by Clive, who had left home late, with the children all asleep. Clive would usually pick her up late in order to help her with closing, and to have a last pint. When the Ralphs arrived at their home, the police were already there and escorted them to the police station, where they were told of their children's murder.
McGreavy, who was known to be a habitual drinker with a violent temper when inebriated, had gone to the Buck's Hill pub earlier that evening with a friend, where he drank of beer. The two men had played cards and darts, though a small altercation took place prior to leaving the pub, after McGreavy had put a cigarette out in his friend's beer. Clive had picked McGreavy up from the Buck's Hill and brought him home to look after the children while Clive went to get Elsie from work.
Some time between 10:15 and 11:15pm, a drunk McGreavy became infuriated with the Ralph children, beginning with the baby, Samantha, who had been crying for her bottle. McGreavy violently killed Samantha and then the other two children, each in a different manner. Eight-month-old Samantha died from a skull fracture, 2-year-old Dawn had her throat slit and 4-year-old Paul was strangled. After killing the three children, McGreavy went down to the basement and retrieved a pickaxe. He further mutilated their bodies with the pickaxe before impaling the three bodies on the spikes of a wrought iron fence in a neighbour's yard. He then left the home.
McGreavy was arrested by police at 3:50am, walking on a street near the Ralphs' home. Upon his arrest, McGreavy reportedly said, "What's this all about?" At first, McGreavy denied any responsibility, but, several hours later said, "It was me, but, it wasn't me," after which he described in graphic detail what he had done. He told police, "I put my hand over her (Samantha's) mouth, and it went from there. It's all in the house. On Paul, I used a wire. I was going to bury him, but I couldn't. I went outside, and put them on the fence. All I could hear is kids, kids, kids." McGreavy's only explanation for the murders was that the baby would not stop crying.
On 28 June 1973, McGreavy appeared in court and pleaded guilty to the murders of all three Ralph children. The hearing lasted only eight minutes because McGreavy pleaded guilty and there was no defence plea, no motive, and no case of diminished responsibility.
Prison
McGreavy was sentenced to multiple life terms with minimums of 20 years. In prison he was subjected to frequent abuse by other prisoners and spent most of his 45 years behind bars in protected conditions. He was reported to have successfully adjusted, accepted rehabilitation and engaged in painting.
Publicity and 2009 anonymity order
Due to the brutality of the crime, McGreavy became known as the "Monster of Worcester" and was the subject of substantial press coverage at the time of the crime. Former editor of the Sunday Mirror Paul Connew was a reporter at the time and had covered the story. Connew has opined that although people remembered the crime, the name of David McGreavy was not well remembered because of the lack of a lengthy court proceeding with the accompanying coverage.
In 2006, McGreavy again became headline news after he was transferred to an open prison and allowed to stay in a bail hostel in Liverpool. The Sun newspaper discovered and publicised this arrangement, featuring a front-page photo of McGreavy (released on temporary licence) walking on a Liverpool street, which resulted in McGreavy's transfer back to a closed prison.
In 2009, an anonymity order was issued by the High Court of Justice during McGreavy's parole board proceedings. The order was resisted by the British press and the Press Association, supported by the Secretary of State for Justice, who argued that setting such a precedent would prevent coverage of dangerous criminals. The order was lifted on 21 May 2013 by Lord Justice Pitchford of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales and Mr Justice Simon of the High Court of Justice, based on the importance of the public interest in possible release of a dangerous criminal and lack of imminent danger to McGreavy. The lifting of the anonymity order brought a fresh round of publicity to the 40-year-old case.
Release
In December 2018, following a parole hearing, the report said he had "changed considerably" over the last 45 years and legally cleared him for release on parole.
References
1951 births
1973 in England
1973 murders in the United Kingdom
20th-century English criminals
20th-century Royal Navy personnel
Criminals from Lancashire
Crime in Worcestershire
Date of birth missing (living people)
English male criminals
English murderers of children
Living people
Male murderers
People from Southport
Royal Navy sailors
United Kingdom privacy law
Aasgard Pass, officially identified as Colchuck Pass, (elevation ) is a mountain pass on the east side of the Cascades in Washington's Alpine Lakes Wilderness southwest of Leavenworth. It is the shorter and steeper of two primary hiking routes into the Enchantments, one of Washington's most popular hiking areas. It separates Colchuck Lake (elevation ) to the northwest from the Upper Enchantment Basin (elevation ~) to the southeast. Aasgard Pass is located at the saddle between Dragontail Peak and the Enchantment Peaks.
Attempts to change the name officially in 1967 and 1988 were both turned down by the US Board on Geographic Names; thus, the name "Colchuck Pass" is retained on the United States Geological Survey (USGS) maps. Mountaineers have long referred to the feature as Aasgard Pass, the name favored by famed climber and guide author Fred Beckey. The name was likely coined by Bill and Peggy Stark, who explored the Enchantments extensively in the mid-20th Century, and who gave Nordic mythological names to many of the lakes that previously had been named by A. H. Sylvester, a U.S. Geological Survey topographer supervisor of Wenatchee National Forest in the early 1900s who is credited with discovering the region. The official naming rulings of the US Board in the 1960s resulted in a mixture of the two name sets being adopted as official. The current policy of not adopting new names for geographic features in wilderness areas probably precludes the rest of the names identified by the Starks from ever achieving official status.
Deaths and Accidents
In May 1998, Steve Smith was glissading down Aasgard Pass when he fell 30 feet into a waterfall. He survived the incident and now he's Climbing Education Manager with The Mountaineers.
On August 6, 2010, a 52-year-old man was hiking and glissading with his son when he slipped and fell about 15 feet into a waterfall on Aasgard Pass. Stephen Grate led hikes in the Renton and Issaquah areas to teach the history of coal mining.
On July 3, 2011, a 21-year-old student at Pacific Lutheran University named Julia A. Rutherford was glissading down Aasgard Pass with a group when she slipped and fell into a crevasse and into running glacial water. Officials say the woman fell in around 10:30am and because of the freezing temperatures of the water likely did not survive over 20 minutes.
On June 5, 2016, a 24-year-old man named Qi He fell into a waterfall hole and died. Due to the snowpack, rescuers could not retrieve his body until a month after the accident. His family has asked local authorities to post warning signs at Colchuck Lake and the Enchantments trailhead to prevent future accidents.
On June 5, 2017 a 19-year-old man named Benjamin Gore from Mercer Island was presumed dead after glissading into the same waterfall hole around 5 PM. His body was recovered on June 25, 2017, due to deep snow and fast-running water.
On Sept 28, 2022 a 41 year-old man named Swaminathan Sundaram of Remond died of natural causes while hiking.
In an unusual story of survival, in May 1998, Steve Smith, a mountain climber early in his climbing career, slipped into the same waterfall hole at Aasgard Pass. Steve managed to use his bare hands to tunnel his way back out and has documented his experience online at The Mountaineers' blog, several TV news interviews, and The Sharp End Podcast (episode 25) for others to learn about.
References
External links
Mountain passes of Chelan County, Washington
Mountain passes of Washington (state)
Mountain passes of the Cascades
Wenatchee National Forest
Kent Gap () is an ice-filled gap connecting the heads of May Valley and Chambers Glacier and marking the divide between Lexington Table and Saratoga Table, in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Kenneth K. Kent, an electronics technician at Ellsworth Station, winter 1957.
References
Mountain passes of Antarctica
Landforms of Queen Elizabeth Land
Pensacola Mountains
ConceptDraw PROJECT is a project management software package developed by Computer Systems Odessa for Microsoft Windows and macOS platforms. It presents projects as Gantt charts with linked tasks, milestones and deadlines. Since 2008 it has been a part of the ConceptDraw Office software package, and can thus represent Gantt charts as mind maps and vice versa. It can also produce visual reports, work breakdown structures and other project diagrams via ConceptDraw DIAGRAM. ConceptDraw PROJECT supports import and export of text outlines, MS Project, MS Excel, and MindManager files.
Supported file formats
CDPZ - ConceptDraw PROJECT document
CDPX - ConceptDraw PROJECT XML
CDPTZ - ConceptDraw PROJECT template
CDMZ - ConceptDraw MINDMAP document
MMAP - MindJet MindManager document
MPP - Microsoft Project document
XML – Microsoft Project XML document
XLSX - Microsoft Office Excel Worksheet
Cross-Platform Compatibility
ConceptDraw PROJECT is cross-platform compatible when running on macOS and Windows operating systems: files created on a computer power by macOS can be opened and edited on a Windows computer, and vice versa. The Developer's end-user license agreement allows for cross-platform installation with a single license.
ConceptDraw PROJECT is compatible with Microsoft Office. It supports the import/export of MS Project files and MS Excel files.
See also
MS Project
OmniPlan
OpenProj
References
External links
ConceptDraw PROJECT Official site
ConceptDraw PROJECT Video Lessons
Office suites for Windows
Office suites for macOS
Project management software
Kostinbrod Pass (, ‘Kostinbrodski Prohod' \'ko-stin-brod-ski 'pro-hod\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 1417 m separating Doyran Heights from Flowers Hills in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between Valoga Glacier and Sikera Valley.
The pass is named after the town of Kostinbrod in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Kostinbrod Pass is centred at , which is 6.16 km northeast of Mount Havener, 9.53 km south of Dickey Peak and 7.32 km west-northwest of Gubesh Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Kostinbrod Pass. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Kostinbrod Pass. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Jon Hill ( 1954) is an American chef who was White House Executive Chef from October 1, 1987, to January 7, 1988. He was the first American-born chef to serve in the capacity.
Early life and education
Hill was born in Spokane, Washington, about 1954 to Victor M. Hill, a chef and instructor of hotel-motel and restaurant management at Spokane Community College. His grandfather was also a chef.
Hill fell in love with fine cooking at the age of 16. After graduating from high school, he studied restaurant management under his father at Spokane Community College in 1974, then transferred to Portland Community College in 1976. He then entered the three-year Greenbrier Culinary Apprentice Program at The Greenbrier luxury resort near White Sulphur Springs in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, where he was taught classic French cooking by master chef Hermann G. Rusch. Hill excelled at sauces and the presentation of cold food. Rusch later called him the "best of the 18 graduates" of 1977, and had high praise for his skills and attention to detail. He also called Hill one of the best students he ever had. Rodney Stoner, food and beverage director at The Greenbrier, called Hill "definitely one of the outstanding graduates in the history of the school". Hill then enrolled at the University of Hawaii at Hilo, where he received his associate degree in restaurant and food services in 1980.
Professional career
Early positions
Hill's professional career began as a Chef de partie (or station chef) at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel in Kohala, Hawaii. He was promoted to sous-chef. After five years at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, Hill was transferred to a position as executive sous-chef at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona. Kim Dietrich, chef de cuisine (executive chef) at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel at the time, called him an exciting and all-around chef, a perfectionist, loyal, and extraordinarily gifted at detail work.
After two or three years at the Arizona Biltmore, in September 1986 Hill took a position as the chef de cuisine (executive chef) at the Westin Cypress Creek Hotel in Fort Lauderdale, Florida (which he helped opened). At the Westin Cypress Creek, Hill oversaw a staff of 100 and the preparation and presentation of modern American cuisine in two restaurants. He was noted for his delicately flavored sauces and finishes and for his exquisite skill as sculpting ice and tallow.
Jen Campbell, food and beverage administrator for the entire Westin Hotels chain, praised Hill as gregarious, care-free, and very relaxed. Raymond Sylvester, general manager of the Westin Cypress Creek, called Hill gifted with "a great disposition [and] an extraordinary sense of organization".
White House
Hill first came to the attention of the White House in 1979. Hill was still a student at the Greenbriar, and his class made a visit to the White House to see its kitchens. White House Executive Chef Henry Haller made Hill's acquaintance at that time. Haller approached Hill about taking the White House job. White House Chief Usher Gary J. Walters also learned about Hill's reputation from chefs and culinary experts around the country, and he visited Hill's kitchen in late July 1987.
After a two-month search, about 20 to 30 unmarried candidates were seriously considered for the job. Hill was one of three or five finalists allowed to audition his cooking skills for First Lady Nancy Reagan. He was chosen for the position of White House Executive Chef about August 19. He won the position largely because Haller endorsed him, and because his colleagues felt he was "exceptionally well-organized...with a flair for imaginative presentation". He was the first native-born American to become White House Executive Chef. Hill oversaw a staff of just three: two sous-chefs and an executive pastry chef.
Hill spent about a month working alongside Haller before assuming the role of Executive Chef on October 1, 1987. His primary job was to cook meals for the First Family. By December 1987, Hill had also overseen the planning, preparation, cooking, and presentation for state dinners for Chaim Herzog, President of Israel, José Napoleón Duarte, President of El Salvador, as well as an extremely important and sensitive state dinner on December 8, 1987 for Mikhail Gorbachev, General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Hill's tenure at the White House was short. On January 8, 1988, Hill resigned after First Lady Nancy Reagan expressed significant disapproval of his cooking and presentation. He was replaced by White House assistant chef Hans Raffert.
Post-White House
After leaving the White House, Hill enrolled at the University of Phoenix, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in business management. He then received a Master of Arts in Teaching degree from Grand Canyon University. He also received a certification as an Executive Chef from the American Culinary Federation and a certification as a Food and Beverage Executive from the American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute.
From 1992 to 2002, Hill was chef de cuisine at the luxury Wigwam Resort in Litchfield Park, Arizona, near Phoenix.
In 2002, Hill was appointed director of the Culinary Studies program at Estrella Mountain Community College in Avondale, Arizona. He is a member of the Resort Food Executive Committee, a group of current and former luxury resort chefs de cuisine which discusses, analyzes, and helps to resolve issues and challenges faced by resort chefs.
References
Notes
Citations
1954 births
Chefs from Hawaii
White House Executive Chefs
People from Spokane, Washington
University of Hawaiʻi at Hilo alumni
University of Phoenix alumni
Grand Canyon University alumni
Living people
Portland Community College alumni
People from Litchfield Park, Arizona
The Greenbrier people
The San Francisco and San Jose Railroad (SF&SJ) was a railroad which linked the communities of San Francisco and San Jose, California, running the length of the San Francisco Peninsula. The company incorporated in 1860 and was one of the first railroads to employ Chinese laborers in its construction. It opened the first portion of its route in 1863, completing the entire route in 1864. The company was consolidated with the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1870. Today, Caltrain and the Union Pacific Railroad continue to operate trains over the company's original route.
History
A railroad between San Francisco and San Jose was planned as early as 1849–50, leading to the creation of The Pacific and Atlantic Railroad Company (P&A) on September 6, 1851. The route was surveyed and published by the end of 1851, but the P&A was unable to raise funds locally; when the P&A turned to banking houses in New York and England, they were told that no funds could be disbursed without first obtaining local capital. The company reorganized on October 29, 1853, just before the expiration of the construction permit, and of stock was drawn up for sale, but an untimely downturn in the economy meant no investors were forthcoming.
Public sentiment again turned to the idea of constructing a railroad in 1857–58 and a new San Francisco and San Jose Railroad Company was incorporated in late 1859 with the idea to raise public funds by putting a referendum to the voters of the three counties served (San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara) asking them to purchase a total of in stock of the new company. This was portrayed in the news as "an attempted fraud upon the tax-payers of the counties" and the company dissolved in June 1860. A new SF&SJ incorporated on August 18, 1860 with San Francisco industrialist Peter Donahue stepping in as treasurer, choosing his friends Judge Timothy Dame as president and Henry Newhall, a successful San Francisco auctioneer, as vice-president, and placing the company headquarters in San Francisco. Donahue, Dame and Newhall are thus credited as the three co-founders of the line.
Funding and construction
The construction contractors (Houston & McLaughlin) agreed to be paid $2 million consisting of $500,000 in cash, $500,000 in county-issued bonds, $500,000 in mortgage bonds, and $500,000 in company stock in exchange for completing the line between San Francisco and San Jose by October 1, 1863. The SF&SJ issued of stock in 1861 to fund construction, owned by the following major shareholders:
, City of San Francisco
, County of San Mateo
, County of Santa Clara
, construction contractors (A.H. Houston and C. McLaughlin)
, other individual shareholders
(approximately), retained by SF&SJ
Voters in the counties of San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara passed the propositions to purchase the stock in May 1861. The cost per mile was approximately , based on a total cost of $2 million for of rail, comparable to the average cost per rail mile based on railroads built nationwide through 1861. However, the actual cash on hand was limited to the amount contributed by the three counties and approximately $100,000 from individual subscribers. With the Civil War consuming men and material, iron suppliers were only willing to deal with cash, not credit, and several members of the SF&SJ board of directors, including Peter Donahue, Henry Newhall, and Charles B. Polhemus used their personal influence and effort to secure material for the railroad.
Construction wage scale on railroads, at $27 per month with board, was substantially lower than that of common laborers in the mines or in the cities at the time. Partly because of the low wage scale, the SF&SJ Railroad was one of the first railroad to experiment with hiring Chinese railroad workers to keep cost down. Hiring Chinese in the early and mid 1860s was not controversial and garnered few notices, as it was a short period of time of less hostile anti-Chinese sentiments.
Grading and construction of the line began in Santa Clara county on July 15, 1861. The hardest part of construction was the cut at Bernal Hill in San Francisco, which was being cut through at both ends in Spring 1862 in earnest with "heavy and continuous assaults of powder". After ten months of labor, the Bernal Cut, about 2,700 feet in length and 43 feet in depth in the deepest part, was completed in March 1863. Three months later, track laying began at Seventeen Mile House in June 1863.
Four months later, the railroad was opened for excursion service between San Francisco and Menlo Park on October 17, 1863. The first train left Mission Station at approximately 10:30 AM; it consisted of six passenger cars, two baggage cars, and one freight car pulled by two locomotives and carried approximately 400 passengers. The train ran to the end of the line in Mayfield (in Santa Clara county, two miles south of Menlo Park) before turning around and returning to Menlo Park, where the passengers disembarked for a SF&SJ-sponsored picnic. Among the passengers enjoying that day's excursion were two Governors: Leland Stanford of California and A. C. Gibbs of Oregon. This occurred nine days before the first rail of the great Pacific Railroad was even laid in Sacramento.
A few months later, the line to San Jose was completed on January 16, 1864. The first train to San Jose departed at 9:55 AM and arrived in Santa Clara nearly three hours later after "liberal stopping periods" in San Mateo and Redwood City. The second train departed at 11:15 AM after adding several cattle cars to accommodate the estimated 700–800 passengers; that second train stopped briefly in San Mateo to take on fuel and water, and proceeded past waiting passengers at Redwood City and Mountain View, arriving in Santa Clara by 12:45 PM. The two trains proceeded together to San Jose just after 1:00 PM, and were greeted by a thirteen-gun salute upon arrival. After several speeches by SF&SJ leaders and local dignitaries, a large barbecue was held, with the first return train departing around 4:00 PM, pulled by three locomotives, and the second return train departing around 9:00 PM.
The railroad cut what had previously been an eight-hour trip by "steamboat and stagecoach" to three-and-a-half hours. In February 1864, the SF&SJ advertised regular passenger service on four trains per day, with the trip scheduled to take two hours, twenty minutes each way.
More importantly, the railroad opened a new economical means to transport goods to market. By June 1864 a regular freight train was added. In October 1864 the freight train (with passenger car attached) was leaving San Jose at 5am and arriving San Francisco at 8:50am; the return train leaving San Francisco 4:15pm and arriving San Jose 8:15pm. With the decline of placer mining, the completion of the railroad enabled the ascendancy of agriculture as a major new industry in California.
Southern Pacific and later years
The Southern Pacific Railroad (SP) acquired the company in March 1868, and the Southern Pacific and Central Pacific were consolidated as the Southern Pacific on October 12, 1870, nearly seven years to the day after the first trains ran between San Francisco and Menlo Park. SP upgraded the line in the early 20th century by laying down a second track and building several alternative routes and shortcuts, including the Dumbarton Cutoff, which created the first bridge across San Francisco Bay; and the Bayshore Cutoff, which rerouted the line between San Francisco and San Bruno to the east of San Bruno Mountain, along the San Francisco Bay shoreline. The alignment of BART in San Mateo County follows the right-of-way established by the SF&SJ west of San Bruno Mountain that was abandoned with the opening of the Bayshore Cutoff.
In 1977 SP petitioned the California Public Utilities Commission to discontinue the Peninsula Commute service, and the State of California took over financial responsibility in July 1980. SP eventually sold the entire Peninsula Commute right-of-way to the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board in 1991, which currently operates the commuter rail service known as Caltrain over the route. The Union Pacific Railroad maintains trackage rights over the line for freight traffic.
Route
Design
The Daily Alta California (October 1863) called this SF&SJ segment the westernmost portion of the transcontinental Pacific Railroad, with another section planned by the Western Pacific Railroad Company to connect San Jose with Sacramento, where it would join with the Central Pacific's rail line being built then east to Truckee. In order to preserve planned compatibility with transcontinental rail traffic, the line was laid at what is now standard gauge width using redwood ties and 50-pound-per-yard (25 kg/m) rail.
The line was completed as a single track with no tunnels and only a few bridges, the longest of which was a trestle over Islais Creek. The most extensive cut required was the big cut at Bernal Hill, more than long and deep at its deepest. In October 1863, the line had only been partially completed between the Mission and Mayfield stations; the Daily Alta noted the SF&SJ had been negotiating with the Market Street Railway and speculated the SF&SJ might use the Market Street Railway approach to Fourth Street in San Francisco.
Rolling stock
The SF&SJ started excursion service in October 1863 with three locomotives, six passenger cars, and approximately twenty freight cars. Each engine cost and could haul six passenger cars; the passenger cars cost each and had a seated capacity of sixty passengers; the freight cars each cost approximately . The locomotives were named the San Francisco, San José, and T. Dame (after the president of the SF&SJ).
With the exception of the single 0-4-0 switcher, number 8, all SF&SJ locomotives were the American 4-4-0 type typical of that era. The 17-ton San Francisco and San José were built in 1862 by Norris Locomotive Works of Philadelphia. The third locomotive was built in Massachusetts by Mason Machine Works, and weighed 30 tons. Locomotives numbered 4 and 5 weighing 23 tons each were built by Cooke Locomotive and Machine Works of New Jersey in 1863.
The first full-sized steam locomotive produced in the state of California was built for the SF&SJ by the Union Iron Works in San Francisco. It was appropriately named the California. Its inaugural run was August 30, 1865, during which it set a speed record of . Union Iron works also built a similar 28-ton locomotive number 7 and the 18-ton switcher number 8 in 1865. Norris built two more SF&SJ locomotives weighing 26 tons and 28 tons in 1867, while McKay and Aldus of Boston built two 30-ton locomotives. Rhode Island Locomotive Works built a 30-ton locomotive for SF&SJ in 1868, as did Cooke; and Schenectady Locomotive Works built two more. 1870 brought another 30-ton locomotive from Mason and two 33-ton locomotives from Cooke.
Charles B. Polhemus
In 1854, Charles B. Polhemus, purchased the land which would later become Central Park (San Mateo) he built a mansion on the grounds.
In 1862, Commodore Robert F. Stockton sold Rancho Potrero de Santa Clara to Charles B. Polhemus and Henry Newhall, who planned to run railroad tracks through the Santa Clara Valley.
In 1868, the Robinson Trust was formed by Alfred Robinson, Abel Stearns, Samuel Brannan, E. F. Northam, Charles B. Polhemus, and Edward Martin.
In 1869, Polhemus bought Rancho San Miguelito de Trinidad and sold it in 1872 to his business partner, Henry Mayo Newhall. Polhemus bought Rancho El Piojo at a foreclosure sale, and sold it in 1871 to his business partner, Henry Mayo Newhall. Rancho El Piojo and Rancho San Miguelito de Trinidad became part of the Newhall Land and Farming Company.
See also
List of defunct California railroads
San Francisco and Alameda Railroad
San Francisco and Oakland Railroad
References
External links
Defunct California railroads
Predecessors of the Southern Pacific Transportation Company
Transportation in the San Francisco Bay Area
History of San Francisco
19th century in San Jose, California
Railway companies established in 1860
Railway companies disestablished in 1870
Mission District, San Francisco
1863 establishments in California
1870 disestablishments in California
Railway lines opened in 1863
Ryrie Rock () is an isolated rock off the coast, northeast of Kidson Island and northeast of Byrd Head. Discovered in February 1931 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) under Mawson, who named it for the Australian High Commissioner in London at the time.
References
Rock formations of Mac. Robertson Land
Ella Elizabeth Clark (January 8, 1896 – July 9, 1984) was an American educator, writer, and Professor Emerita of English. Although Clark was not a trained anthropologist or folklorist, she collected large numbers of American Indian and First Nations oral traditions and made them available to a wide readership.
Early life and education
Ella Elizabeth Clark was born in Summertown, Tennessee on January 8, 1896. She is the daughter of Samuel L. and Linda (Shaw) Clark and attended high school in Peoria, Illinois before she started working as a high school teacher for English and dramatics. In 1921 she received her B.A. from Northwestern University and her M.A. in 1927. In the same year she started teaching at the English Department at Washington State University in Pullman, Washington.
Career
Her early academic interest was on writing, national forests, and descriptions of the local landscape. During World War II she worked as a fire lookout for the United States Forest Service in the Cascade Range.
In the years after her work as a lookout she went on research trips through North America, interviewed indigenous people, and collected their oral traditions. She published the results of her research in her books Indian Legends of the Pacific Northwest (1953), Indian Legends of Canada (1960), and Indian Legends from the Northern Rockies (1966). In 1966 she received the Governor's Writers Day Award.
Clark devoted a great part of her life to the study of oral traditions of the indigenous people of North America. She recovered many of these traditions from research of library documents such as early anthropological studies, manuscripts of pioneers, but also by talking to members of the Native tribes herself.
Many of the stories collected by Clark deal with landscape features of specific regions of North America. These and other stories contain indigenous knowledge about landmarks as, for example, Crater Lake and cataclysmic events such as earthquakes and floods, and have been used to gain additional insights into the geological past.
Clark retired as English lecturer in 1961. Her health deteriorated and she moved to La Jolla, California. Clark finished her last project, Sacagawea of the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1983) with the help of Margot Edmonds. After she had suffered a stroke, she was sent to a nursing home. Clark died in California at the age of 88 on July 9, 1984.
Critical reception
Clark wrote her books for a general readership, teachers, and students. For this purpose she frequently edited the original texts, which was criticized by some anthropologists and folklorists Other scholars such as Canadian anthropologist Marius Barbeau acknowledged Clark's work and effort "considering that she is not a professional folklorist."
The stories collected by Clark have been cited in various handbooks and anthologies of indigenous American oral traditions.
Works
Clark, Ella E. (1953). Indian legends of the Pacific Northwest. Berkeley: University of California Press.
Clark, Ella E. (1960). Indian Legends of Canada. Toronto: McClelland and Stewart Inc.
Clark, Ella E. (1966). Indian Legends from the Northern Rockies. Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press.
Clark, Ella E., and Margot Edmonds. (1983). Sacagawea of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.
References
Sources
Cage 146, Ella Elizabeth Clark Papers. Manuscripts, Archives, and Special Collections, Washington State University Libraries, Pullman, WA.
Wright, Frances Valentine, ed. Who's Who Among Pacific Northwest Authors. (1969). 2nd ed. Pacific Northwest Library Association.
Who's Who of American Women. 1972-1973. 7th. ed. (1971). Chicago: Marquis Who's Who, Inc.
External links
Guide to the Ella Elizabeth Clark Papers
"Ella E. Clark." American Antiquities. Institut für Anglistik/Amerikanistik. University of Rostock
Northwestern University alumni
Washington State University faculty
American folklorists
Women folklorists
People from Summertown, Tennessee
20th-century American educators
1896 births
1984 deaths
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American writers
20th-century women educators
American women academics
Thomas Caers (born 14 January 1973) is a former Belgian footballer and currently manager. He was the manager of Sint-Truidense VV from February 2006 to November 2006, when he resigned.
Caers played for MVV in the Dutch Eerste Divisie and K.A.A. Gent and K. Sint-Truidense V.V. in the Belgian First Division.
Career as a player
1977–1990 KFC Tongerlo
1990–1997 KVC Westerlo
1997–1999 KAA Gent
1999-02/2002 MVV
02/2002-10/2004 Sint-Truidense VV
Career as a manager
02/2006-11/2006 Sint-Truidense VV
References
1973 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Belgian football managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
"The Message" is a song by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. It was released as a single by Sugar Hill Records on July 1, 1982, and was later featured on the group's debut studio album of the same name.
"The Message" was an early prominent hip hop song to provide a social commentary. The song's lyrics describe the stress of inner-city poverty. In the final verses it is described how a child born in the ghetto without perspective in life is lured away into crime, for which he is jailed until he commits suicide in his cell. The song ends with a brief skit in which the band members are arrested for no clear reason.
"The Message" took rap music from the house parties of its origin to the social platforms later developed by groups like Public Enemy and KRS-One. Melle Mel said in an interview with NPR: "Our group, like Flash and the Furious Five, we didn't actually want to do 'The Message' because we are used to doing party raps and boasting how good we are and all that."
The song was first written in 1980 by Duke Bootee and Melle Mel, in response to the 1980 New York City transit strike, which is mentioned in the song's lyrics. The line "A child is born with no state of mind, blind to the ways of mankind" was taken from the early Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five track "Superrappin'" from 1979 on the Enjoy label.
Uses in popular culture
The rhythm track has been sampled in various hip hop songs, including Sinbad's 1990 comedy album "Brain Damaged", the remix for the 1993 song "Check Yo Self" by Ice Cube and the 1997 song "Can't Nobody Hold Me Down" by Puff Daddy.
It was also sampled in 2011, by electronic musician Blank Banshee for his song "Teen Pregnancy".
A line from the song was sampled in "Movement in Still Life" by BT, the title track from his 1999 album Movement in Still Life.
This song was featured in the 2002 video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, Scarface: The World Is Yours and the sitcom television series Everybody Hates Chris.
The second and last verses of "The Message" are sung by Mushroomhead in the song "Born of Desire" off their XX album. American singer-songwriter Willy Mason also covered this song for BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge on February 25, 2005. Canadian band Crystal Castles sampled parts of this song for their track titled "Magic Spells".
Genesis drummer and lead singer Phil Collins, along with Grammy Award-winning producer Hugh Padgham, described in the 2001 release The Genesis Songbook how "The Message" helped shape the hook of the band's 1983 hit single "Mama". Padgham said that "At the time The Message was one of my favorite records". Collins thought "The laugh thing" was "Fantastic...what a great sound" and he experimented with it and incorporated it into the song. During live shows, his version, usually using their signature Vari-Lite technology, became a highlight of the performance. Collins quipped that "Rap has influenced Genesis".
In the 2006 computer animated film Happy Feet, Seymour raps the chorus line from this song to impress Miss Viola and other penguin students.
In 2007, the 25th anniversary of "The Message", Melle Mel changed the spelling of his first name to Mele Mel and released "M3 - The New Message" as the first single to his first ever solo album, Muscles. 2007 was also the year that Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five became the first hip-hop act ever to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In 2010, Melle Mel and Scorpio appeared in an Australian commercial for the Kia Sportage in which they perform "The Message".
On November 30, 2011, Melle Mel, Scorpio, and Grandmaster Flash joined Common, Lupe Fiasco, and LL Cool J as they performed a tribute of this song at the 54th Grammy nominations.
A Swedish translation/adaption of the song, "Budskapet", was released by Timbuktu in May 2013, following the riots in Husby and other suburbs of Stockholm.
The chorus is referenced in the hip-hop musical Hamilton by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison as "Such a blunder, sometimes it makes me wonder why I even bring the thunder."
The chorus of K Michelle's 2014 song "Going Under" also samples this song.
Dave Gahan raps a verse of the song during every live performance of Barrel of a Gun as part of Depeche Mode's Global Spirit Tour.
Robbie Williams raps the distinctive "It's like a jungle" and "HAHAHAHA!" in his song "Millennium".
Bodhi, Aliyah, Brooklyn and Apollo sing part of the chorus while dancing at the forbidden Archive in episode 5 of Utopia Falls.
Reception
Accolades and usage in media
The song was ranked as number 1 "Track of the Year" for 1982 by NME.
Rolling Stone ranked "The Message" #51 in its List of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, (9 December 2004). It had the highest position for any 1980s release and was the highest ranking hip-hop song on the list. In 2012 it was named the greatest hip-hop song of all time.
It was voted #3 on About.com's Top 100 Rap Songs, after Common's "I Used to Love H.E.R." and The Sugarhill Gang's "Rapper's Delight".
In 2002, its first year of archival, it was one of 50 recordings chosen by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry, the first hip hop recording ever to receive this honor.
"The Message" was number 5 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.
"The Message" is number 1 on HipHopGoldenAge's Top 100 Hip Hop Songs of the 1980s".
It was used, with altered lyrics, in a 1983 British Government commissioned public information film on road safety.
The song has been used in adverts for clothing company Lacoste.
The song was used in Microsoft's Encarta encyclopedia.
Music and structure
Dan Carins of The Sunday Times has described "The Message"'s musical innovation: "Where it was inarguably innovative, was in slowing the beat right down, and opening up space in the instrumentation—the music isn't so much hip-hop as noirish, nightmarish slow-funk, stifling and claustrophobic, with electro, dub and disco also jostling for room in the genre mix—and thereby letting the lyrics speak loud and clear". Not only does the song utilize an ingenious mix of musical genres to great effect, but it also allows the slow and pulsating beat to take a backseat to the stark and haunting lyrical content.
Critical reception
In addition to being widely regarded as an all-time rap anthem, "The Message" has been credited by many critics as the song that catapulted emcees from the background to the forefront of hip hop. Thus, shifting the focus from the mixing and scratching of the grandmaster as the star, to the thoughts and lyrics of the emcee playing the star role. David Hickley wrote in 2004 that "The Message" also crystallized a critical shift within rap itself. It confirmed that emcees, or rappers, had vaulted past the deejays as the stars of the music". In 2022, it was included in the list "The story of NME in 70 (mostly) seminal songs", at number 20: Mark Beaumont wrote that with this song, "the invigorating grooves of this early breakout rap hit laid the foundations for the [...] hip-hop wars to come".
Charts
Remixes
"The Message '95" (Die Fantastischen Vier Remix) (1995, East West Records)
"The Message" – 1997, Deepbeats Records (DEEPCD001)
References
Further reading
Chang, Jeff. (2005) Can't Stop Won't Stop: A History of the Hip-Hop Generation. New York: St. Martin's Press.
External links
How we made: Jiggs Chase and Ed Fletcher on The Message
1981 songs
1982 singles
Protest songs
American hip hop songs
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Songs written by Sylvia Robinson
Songs written by Melle Mel
Political rap songs
Songs about depression
Songs about poverty
Songs about crime
Songs about prison
Songs about suicide
Sugar Hill Records (Hip-Hop label) singles
Mount Rusanov () is an isolated mountain lying north of the Russkiye Mountains, about 35 nautical miles (60 km) northeast of Zhelannaya Mountain, in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norsk Polarinstitutt from air photos by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1958–59. Also mapped in 1959 by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, and named for Russian geologist and polar explorer V.A. Rusanov.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Yala (, or ) is a city and seat of Mueang Yala District and Yala Province, southern Thailand. The provincial and district capital, it is 137 kilometres by road southeast of Hat Yai. The eastern part of the city is part of the neighboring tambon of Sateng Nok. As of 2019 the tambon had a total population of 60,617. It lies on the border with Pattani Province in the north of Yala Province. It lies on Thailand Route 4106, south of Khao Tum and north of Krong Pinang. Yala railway station is on the State Railway of Thailand Southern Line. Yala is approximately 1,100 km south of Bangkok.
History
Yala used to be part of the Pattani kingdom. When Ayutthaya was captured by the Burmese, Yala, along with other southern colonies, became independent. Yala was again included as part of Thailand about 41 years later. In September 1977, the King and Queen of Thailand narrowly avoided assassination after a bomb exploded nearby during a visit. On 9 October, policemen from the 12th Provincial Police Headquarters and the Yala Provincial Police Headquarters arrested Abdun Romae Haron, Mae Prachu, and Choning Saing on charges of conspiring with the escaped convicts Hayi Masae, Choya Samae, and Abdun Romae in attempting to kill the monarchs.
Landmarks
The city surrounds around a circular park and is meticulously laid out, centered along Phang Mueang, the central thoroughfare. There is a large park to the west of this with a lake and swamp. The city contains a pillar shrine, Yala Central Mosque, and a field hospital. Yala Central Mosque is a large mosque with a square shaped roof and green dome, on the main road towards the north of the city. It has existed in its location for over a century and was damaged during the Japanese occupation of Thailand, but was subsequently rebuilt after World War II. Yala Hospital and Siroros Hospital, on Route 4106, serve the surrounding district. The Tham Phab Khien Fa Panang caves lie to the east of Yala on the way to Budi and contain 500-year-old rock paintings.
Economy
The main occupations of the people are trade, agriculture, business, and governmental services, given that it is the capital of Mueang Yala District and contains district offices. Secondary industry also has some significance, given that the city contains the Muang Yala municipal slaughterhouse in the western part of the city near the river bank, the Shaapan rubber factory, Sun Thai Yala Co. Ltd. (a wood processing firm), Charoenporn ice plant, and mineral water bottler.
Health
Yala Hospital, the main hospital of Yala province, is located in the town.
See also
Yala Technical College
References
External links
Website of the city
Photograph of Yala Central Mosque
Populated places in Yala province
1977 in Thailand
Cities and towns in Thailand
Clemence Beatus Lyamba (born 16 February 1946) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mikumi constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005.
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
1946 births
Oraal Koodi Kallanaayi is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. A. Thomas and Manneth David. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The film had musical score by K. V. Job.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Prabhakaran
V.C Ahammadunni (Ex MP)
Sheela as Aysha
Adoor Bhasi as Panikkar
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Jeevan Prakash
Pappukutty Bhagavathar
P. J. Antony
P. A. Thomas as Beeran
J. Sasikumar
T. S. Muthaiah as Govindhan
Prathapachandran
Alleppey Vincent
Ambika as Devaki Teacher
Devaki
Gemini Chandra
K.S Parvathi
Ravi
Master Jithendran
Gemini Ganesan
J. A. R. Anand
Kushalakumari
Manikyam
Murali as Shekaran Master
Panjabi
Pankajavalli
S. P. Pillai as Manak Kammath
V. S. Achari
Govind Paliyat
Jose
Hariram
Hashim
Aravindan
Krishnan
Gopi
Kipson
Raman
Madhavan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. V. Job with lyrics by Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan, Abhayadev and G. Sankara Kurup.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Rueben Joseph Riley, Jr. (born September 20, 1984) is a former American football offensive lineman. He was signed by the Carolina Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Michigan.
Riley has also been a member of the Miami Dolphins, Washington Redskins, New York Giants and Hartford Colonials.
Early years
Riley was an offensive and defensive lineman at Creston High School in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Grand Rapids Creston High School is the only Grand Rapids Public School to ever go to the state finals in football (1999). Riley was a sophomore during that season.
College career
Riley played college football at the University of Michigan from 2003 to 2006 after redshirting in 2002. In 2004, he started the majority of the year as a left guard. In 2005–2006 he started at right tackle due to many injuries at the position forcing coaches to move Riley. Riley's body type was projecting him as an early round draft pick at guard but the Wolverines needed him to shore up the edge as a tackle his last two years at Michigan.
Professional career
First stint with Panthers
Riley signed with the Carolina Panthers after being passed over in the 2007 NFL Draft. He was cut on September 1, 2007, but was signed to the team's practice squad. He was re-signed during the 2008 off-season, but was waived on July 23.
Miami Dolphins
On July 26, 2008, Riley was signed by the Miami Dolphins after the team waived offensive tackle Julius Wilson. The move reunited him with Dolphins rookies offensive line mate Jake Long and quarterback Chad Henne. Riley was waived on August 3.
Second stint with Panthers
Riley was re-signed by the Panthers on August 7, 2008, after the team waived offensive tackle Charles Spencer, the same player the Panthers acquired when they waived Riley two weeks earlier. He was waived during final preseason cuts on August 30.
Washington Redskins
Riley was signed to the Washington Redskins on December 9, 2008.
New York Giants
Riley was signed to the New York Giants' on December 31, 2009. On January 5, 2010, Riley was signed to a reserved/future contract. He was waived on August 7.
Hartford Colonials
Riley was signed by the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League on September 16, 2010. He reported to the team and was the starting left tackle in the season opener with the Colonials. Four games into the season Riley dislocated his knee.
References
External links
New York Giants bio
1984 births
Living people
Players of American football from Grand Rapids, Michigan
American football offensive tackles
American football offensive guards
Michigan Wolverines football players
Carolina Panthers players
Miami Dolphins players
Washington Redskins players
New York Giants players
Hartford Colonials players
Cassida sareptana is a species of brownish beetle in the leaf beetle family, found in Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Russia and Ukraine. They can be found in the Near East as well. The species feeds on plants from the family Asteraceae, including tarragon and Artemisia arenaria.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1874
Beetles of Asia
Taxa named by Ernst Gustav Kraatz
Tower Street is the name of:
Great Tower Street, originally named "Tower Street", in the City of London
Tower Street, Covent Garden, in London
Tower Street (York), in England
See also
Tower Street Adult Correctional Centre, a prison in Jamaica
Tower Street GAA, a former sports club in Ireland
The Auster J/5 Autocar was a late 1940s British single-engined four-seat high-wing touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
Design and production
The company recognised a need for a four-seat touring aircraft to complement the three-seat Auster J/1 Autocrat. The J/5 Autocar looked similar to the Autocrat, but was a new model featuring wing-root fuel tanks and an enlarged cabin.
The designation of J/5 for the Autocar followed on from its progenitor, the wartime Model J, which was designated the Auster AOP.V by the Royal Air Force. Postwar models derived from the Model J commenced with the J/1 Autocrat - note the use of J/1, not J-1.
The prototype Autocar G-AJYK, a model J/5B, first flew in August 1949 and was exhibited at the Farnborough Air Show in September. A demand for a more powerful version for the tropics produced in 1950 the J/5E powered by a 155 hp (116 kW) Blackburn Cirrus Major engine. This was further developed as the J/5G which was first flown in 1951 and is also referred to as the Cirrus Autocar. The later J/5P reverted to a more powerful de Havilland Gipsy Major engine. Other variants were built as one-off development aircraft, and some were converted in Australia with more mordern engines.
Operations
Saunders-Roe of Cowes, Isle of Wight, acquired a J/5G Autocar and fitted it with an experimental hydro-ski undercarriage and emergency under-wing floats. With this equipment, the aircraft could remain almost stationary on the water.
The majority of the production Autocars were exported to sixteen countries and later resold in five further territories. The Autocar has been primarily operated by private pilot owners and by aero clubs but some were used by small charter firms in the UK and elsewhere as taxi and photographic aircraft. Pest Control Ltd took delivery of five J/5G Autocars in 1952 for crop spraying operations in Sudan.
Variants
Auster J/5B Autocarproduction version with a 130 hp (97 kW) de Havilland Gipsy Major 1 engine.
Auster J/5E Autocarprototype export version with a Blackburn Cirrus Major 3 engine, one built (G-AJYS).
Auster J/5G Autocarexport version with a 155 hp Blackburn Cirrus Major 3 engine.
Auster J/5GLone Auster J/5G converted in Australia by Kingsford Smith Aviation Services (ZK-CXA, a rebuild of ZK-BDK) fitted with a Lycoming piston engine.
Auster J/5G Super AutocarOne J/5G converted in Australia by Kingsford Smith Aviation Services with a 225 hp (168 kW) Continental O-470 engine.
Auster J/5H Autocarwith 145 hp (108 kW) Blackburn Cirrus Major 2 engine, one rebuilt (VH-KCO) in Australia by Kingsford Smith Aviation Services from J/5B
Auster J/5P Autocarversion with a 145 hp (108 kW)de Havilland Gipsy Major 10 engine.
Auster J/5T Autocardevelopment aircraft with 185 hp (138 kW) Continental E-185-10 piston engine, one built (G-25-4, c/n 3421)
Auster J/5V Autocardevelopment aircraft with 160 hp (120 kW) Lycoming O-320 engine, one built (G-APUW)
Kingsford Smith Bushmaster
An Auster J/5G conversion in Australia by Kingsford Smith Aviation Services, fitted with a 180hp (134kW) Lycoming O-360 engine, constant speed propeller and other improvements.
Civil operators
United Kingdom
Airviews Ltd
Anglian Air Charter
Bees Flight
Bristol Aero Engines
Dunlop Rubber
Ferranti
Gloster Aircraft
Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd
Pest Control Ltd
Saunders-Roe
Southend Flying School
Military operators
Royal Australian Navy
723 Squadron RAN
724 Squadron RAN
725 Squadron RAN
Kuwait Air Force
Royal New Zealand Air Force
Specifications (J/5B)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1940s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1949
The Offoue River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Acacia barrettiorum, commonly known as the Barrett's wattle, is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is native to an area in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Description
The shrub typically grows to a height of and has glabrous branchlets that are scarred in places where the phyllodes are lost and with caducous stipules that are in length. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The crowded, patent and evergreen phyllodes have a triangular to oblong-triangular shape with a broad base. The phyllodes are in length and wide and have three to seven indistinct longitudinal nerves per face.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanists Margaret Lewington and Bruce Maslin in 2009 as part of the work Three new species of Acacia (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae) from the Kimberley Region, Western Australia as published in the journal Nuytsia. The type specimen was collected by Matthew David Barrett and Russell Lindsay Barrett, and both the common name and the species epithet honour them.
Distribution
The range of the plant is entirely within Prince Regent Nature Reserve, in the Northern Kimberley region of Western Australia where two small disjunct populations are known. The shrub is often situated near creeks in fire-protected areas growing in shallow sandy soils over and around sandstone as a part of low shrubland communities featuring spinifex.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
barrettiorum
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 2009
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Kyrkjetaket or Kirketaket is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Rauma and Nesset in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The tall peak is located in Rauma, about northeast of the village of Isfjorden and from the town of Åndalsnes. The mountain Gjuratinden lies about southeast of Kyrkjetaket. The name Kyrkjetaket translates to "the Church roof".
In February 2004, it was chosen as one of Norway's 10 finest alpine mountains by the magazine Fri Flyt.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
Mountains of Møre og Romsdal
Rauma, Norway
Martina ("Tineke") Maria Hofland (born 14 January 1954 in The Hague, South Holland) is a former breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. There she was eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 100m Breaststroke, clocking 1:19.38.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1954 births
Living people
Dutch female breaststroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Swimmers from The Hague
Antolín García (5 April 1928 - 23 August 1990) was a Spanish voice actor, television presenter and radio personality.
Biography
He began building engineering studies, which he combined with sport, becoming a University champion of Spain in athletics. He quit studies to begin a career in radio. He started as an apprentice in University radio Radio SEU, and afterwards he began his professional career in Radio Intercontinental, and then in Radio Nacional de España. From 1952, García also worked in dubbing, becoming the Spanish voice of actors like Cary Grant, Glenn Ford, Alain Delon, Peter O'Toole or Albert Finney. He later began his television career in TVE.
He presented different kind of shows, but his specialty were sport broadcasts; among others he covered the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow and the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
In 1984, García was dismissed by the management board of TVE due to his connection to advertising company Unipublic.
In 1970, García was handed an Antena de Oro award for his radio work.
1928 births
1990 deaths
Spanish television presenters
Spanish male voice actors
20th-century Spanish male actors
Sir Thomas Mason Wilford (20 June 1870 – 22 June 1939) was a New Zealand politician. He held the seats of Wellington Suburbs then Hutt continuously for thirty years, from 1899 to 1929. Wilford was leader of the New Zealand Liberal Party, and Leader of the Opposition from 1920 to 1925.
Early life
Wilford was born in Lower Hutt in 1870. His parents were the surgeon John George Frederick Wilford and his wife, Elizabeth Catherine Mason. His grandfather on his mother's side was Thomas Mason. Wilford was a keen sportsman and athlete in his youth and competed in several sports including rugby, tennis and boxing. He obtained his education at Wellington College in the Wellington suburb of Mount Victoria, followed by Christ's College in Christchurch. He passed his examinations as a lawyer at age 18, but could not be admitted to the bar until he had reached the legal age of 21.
He married Georgia Constance McLean, daughter of George McLean, on 17 February 1892 at Dunedin. They had one son and one daughter.
Member of Parliament
Wilford was elected to the Wellington Suburbs electorate in the 1896 general election, but the result was declared void after an election petition on the grounds of corrupt and illegal practices as Wilford had exceeded the £200 election spending limit which had only recently been introduced. Charles Wilson was elected MP for that electorate following a by-election on 23 April 1897.
Wilford then won the Wellington Suburbs electorate in the end the new Hutt electorate from the , which he held until he resigned on 18 November 1929.
He was Chairman of Committees from 1909 to 1910.
Wilford was a member of the Wellington Harbour Board from 1900 to 1910, and chaired the Board from 1908 onwards. In 1901 Wilford ran for the Wellington mayoralty, losing to incumbent mayor John Aitken by 3,069 votes. He championed the redevelopment of the Hutt Road and railway linking Wellington city to the Hutt Valley from 1899 and 1911, skillfully working with and around local body groups to achieve a rather costly upgrade of the existing infrastructure. He resigned from the Harbour Board when he became Mayor of Wellington in 1910 for one year. After being re-elected unopposed he resigned as mayor of Wellington due to health issues.
Wilford almost died in 1911 after complications following an appendicitis operation. His health was to never fully recover. Wilford was forced to sail to England in early 1912 for more advanced surgery and during this long absence his position within the Liberal party was significantly weakened.
Minister
He was Minister of Justice, Minister of Marine and Minister of Stamps in the World War I National government from 14 November 1917 to 22 August 1919 under William Massey.
At a May 1919 caucus meeting to discuss the coalition between the Liberal and Reform parties a majority of members voted in favour of ending the arrangement upon leader Sir Joseph Ward's return from Europe. Wilford worked with his colleagues (particularly William MacDonald and George Warren Russell) to develop an updated policy manifesto for the next election. Following Ward's failure to gain re-election to parliament at the 1919 general election, Wilford nominated MacDonald to assume the leadership of the Liberal Party.
Leader of the Opposition
Wilford became the Leader of the Liberal Party and therefore Leader of the Opposition upon the death of William MacDonald in 1920. However, he was initially hampered in this position due to many Liberal MPs' wishes to remain leaderless until their defeated leader, Joseph Ward could re-enter Parliament. By 1922 Wilford had achieved a reconciliation with the Liberal's dissidents and contested the as party leader.
There was talk of a proposed alliance of sorts between the Liberal and Labour parties in order to avoid vote splitting, similar to the Lib-Lab Pact in the UK. Wilford entered into discussions with Labour leader Harry Holland over a joint campaign and upon winning, forming a coalition to set up a proportional representation electoral system. The talks broke down however after Wilford demanded to hold office for a full term before holding an election under the new system.
The Liberals fared better under Wilford's leadership in 1922 than in the previous election, gaining an additional five seats. This can partly be attributed to Labour not standing candidates in all electorates against the Liberals in line with the ultimately failed joint campaign talks. However, the Liberals were still unable to regain office and by 1925, Wilford had yielded the leadership to George Forbes.
Labour politician, John A. Lee, a colleague who knew Wilford well, stated that while no one could have saved the Liberal party from its ultimate demise, if Wilford had been in better health, he would have delayed it, returning the Liberals to power and served as Prime Minister himself.
United Party
From 10 December 1928 to 10 December 1929 he was Minister of Justice for a second period, in the cabinet of Joseph Ward. Wilford was also Minister of Defence in the United ministry. This was a reflection that he "had a long-standing interest in naval policy, especially the Singapore Base, ... had travelled extensively in the Pacific and the Far East", and he "was regarded as something of a specialist in Far Eastern questions."
Post-parliamentary career
On 29 October 1929, Wilford was appointed King's Counsel. He resigned from Parliament on 18 November 1929 to become High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. In the 1930 King's Birthday Honours, Wilford was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George. In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
Death
Wilford died at Wellington on 22 June 1939, survived by his wife and two children. His wife, Georgia, Lady Wilford, died in Cheltenham, England, in 1952.
See also
List of King's and Queen's Counsel in New Zealand
Electoral history of Thomas Wilford
Notes
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1870 births
1939 deaths
Mayors of Wellington
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
New Zealand defence ministers
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
Leaders of political parties in New Zealand
Leaders of the Opposition (New Zealand)
New Zealand MPs for Hutt Valley electorates
New Zealand MPs for Wellington electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
High Commissioners of New Zealand to the United Kingdom
New Zealand Queen's Counsel
New Zealand Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
People from Lower Hutt
People educated at Wellington College (New Zealand)
People educated at Christ's College, Christchurch
Wellington Harbour Board members
19th-century New Zealand politicians
New Zealand politicians convicted of crimes
New Zealand politicians awarded knighthoods
Max Ellis (born 13 August 1933) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Max Ellis's profile at Blueseum
1933 births
Carlton Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
South Bendigo Football Club players
"Baby Let's Play House" is a song written by Arthur Gunter and recorded by him in 1954 on the Excello Records label and covered by Elvis Presley the following year on Sun Records.
A line from the song ("I'd rather see you dead, little girl, than to be with another man") was borrowed by John Lennon for his Beatles song Run for Your Life, released on Rubber Soul in 1965.
Elvis Presley version
Elvis' version differs greatly from the original: Elvis started the song with the chorus, where Gunter began with the first verse, and he replaced Gunter's line "You may get religion" with the words "You may have a Pink Cadillac", referring to his custom-painted '55 Cadillac auto that had also been serving as the band's transportation at the time.
Baby Let's Play House was on the fourth issue of a Presley record by Sun, and became the first song recorded by Elvis to appear on a national chart when it made #5 on the Billboard Country Singles chart in July 1955. Elvis's version also starts out with Elvis introducing the lyric-stutter to the music pundits. These lyrics and melodies are not found in the original Arthur Gunter version.
Personnel
Elvis Presley - lead vocals, acoustic rhythm guitar
Scotty Moore - electric lead guitar
Bill Black - double bass
Charts
Weekly charts
Notable cover versions
In July 1956, the Johnny Burnette Trio released "Oh Baby Babe" (Coral 9-61675) which, though credited to "J. Burnette, D. Burnette, P. Burlison, A. Mortimer", was "Baby Let's Play House" with altered lyrics.
In 2008, a Spankox remix of the song made #84 in the UK.
References
External links
Arthur Gunter version
Elvis Presley version
1954 songs
1955 singles
Elvis Presley songs
Buddy Holly songs
The Newbeats songs
RCA Victor singles
Rockabilly songs
"Scared Money" is a song by American rapper YG, featuring fellow American rappers J. Cole and Moneybagg Yo. It was released through Def Jam Recordings and 4Hunnid Records as the lead single from YG's upcoming sixth studio album, I Got Issues, on February 4, 2022. The three artists wrote the song with producer Gibbo. The song was originally supposed to be released earlier, according to it being listed to impact urban contemporary radio on January 25, 2022. YG announced its release date and shared its cover art on February 2, 2022.
Composition and lyrics
Over the "menacing" piano-heavy instrumental of "Scared Money", YG, J. Cole, and Moneybagg Yo refer to the "scared money make no money" proverb. YG starts the song off with the first verse, in which he states compares his shoes to American rapper Kanye West's shoes and also declares himself as the "best dressed, but I ain't no Kid Cudi". Cole appears for the second verse, in which he refers to his "budding basketball career" and references the milk crate challenge ("I was thinkin' 'bout walkin' up a stack of crates/But I was busy stackin' cake"); he also compares himself to Canadian rapper and singer Drake and mentions the fact that he has three houses in the same neighborhood. Moneybagg Yo takes the third and final verse, in which he also boasts about his expensive purchases.
Critical reception
Jordan Darville of The Fader described the beat as "a close sibling" of American rapper Kendrick Lamar's 2017 single, "Humble", "from the beat's stalking piano keys to YG's more playful-than-usual flows", but "the key difference is that this one has features: J. Cole and Moneybagg Yo show up to do their things and help try and make the song feel like an event". Writing for Stereogum, Tom Breihan felt that "sometimes, big-name rap collaborations feel like brand extensions that were brought up in boardrooms" and "this one feels like three rap stars out to flex on everyone else", acknowledging that "I know this isn't the best verse of J. Cole's career, but it might be the one that I've enjoyed the most".
Charts
References
2022 singles
2022 songs
YG (rapper) songs
J. Cole songs
Moneybagg Yo songs
Songs written by YG (rapper)
Songs written by J. Cole
Def Jam Recordings singles
David S. Lifton (born September 20, 1939) is an American author who wrote the 1981 bestseller Best Evidence: Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy, a work that puts forth evidence that there was a conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy.
Biography
Lifton grew up in Rockaway Beach, New York. He graduated from Cornell University's School of Engineering Physics in 1962 and thereupon enrolled in the University of California, Los Angeles to work on an advance degree in engineering. While there Lifton worked nights as a computer engineer for North American Aviation, a contractor for the Apollo program. In autumn 1964, around the time the Warren Report was published, Lifton became interested in the JFK case after attending a lecture on the topic of the conspiracy to cover up the Kennedy assassination by Mark Lane. Lifton purchased a set of the 26 volumes of the Warren Commission's investigation and started his own research on the Kennedy case. In 1966, Lifton was dismissed from UCLA for neglecting his studies. He quit his aerospace job, devoting all his time to the Kennedy assassination.
The January 1967 issue of Ramparts magazine presented a "special report" by Lifton, with David Welsh, entitled "The Case for Three Assassins" that laid out the scenario that more than one assassin was firing at Kennedy based on anomalies in the medical evidence.
In 1993, Lifton was played by Robert Picardo in the television movie Fatal Deception: Mrs. Lee Harvey Oswald. He testified before the Assassination Records Review Board in September 1996, and provided the Board with various materials including 35mm interpositives of the Zapruder film, as well as copies of audiotapes, videotapes, and transcripts of witness interviews he conducted.
As of 2010, Lifton lived in West Los Angeles where he was working full-time on a major written work about Oswald entitled Final Charade.
Best Evidence
After Lifton's book Best Evidence: Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy was rejected by 21 or 23 other publishers, Macmillan gave Lifton a $10,000 advance and published his book in 1981. Due to the controversial nature of the book, Macmillan went to unusual lengths to fact-check the book; it was "examined for potential factual errors by in-house counsel, an outside law firm, a forensic pathologist, and a neurosurgeon." The book eventually reached #4 on The New York Times Best Seller list and was a Book of the Month Club selection.
In 1990, Edwin McDowell of The New York Times described Best Evidence as "one of the most durable" of the dozens of books about the Kennedy assassination. According to Kent Carroll of Carroll & Graf Publishers, who reprinted a soft-cover version in 1988, the book sold 60,000 copies in 1990 alone. In the updated 1988 edition of Best Evidence, Lifton was responsible for the first publication of a series of autopsy photographs taken of President Kennedy at Bethesda Naval Medical Center. Lifton had acquired these photos after the initial publication of Best Evidence, from a former Secret Service employee who had made private copies with the permission of Agent Roy Kellerman. Lifton also used the photos during his appearance on the October 1988 PBS Nova episode Who Shot President Kennedy?, which marked the first time they were shown on television. Lifton claims that the actual photographs are consistent with his thesis of body alteration.
Summary
Best Evidence is written in the first-person as a chronological narrative of his 15-year search for the truth about the Kennedy assassination. It is not written just as a theory of what took place on November 22, 1963, but also to highlight his personal quest to solve the puzzle through a meticulous and time-consuming search for new evidence that could finally resolve the many factual conflicts in the record.
The central thesis of the book is that President Kennedy's body had been altered between the Dallas hospital and the autopsy site at Bethesda for the purpose of creating erroneous conclusions about the number and direction of the shots. He details evidence—using both the Warren Commission documents and original research and interviews with those involved at both Dallas and Bethesda—of a stark and radical change between the descriptions of the wounds by the medical staff at Dallas and those at Bethesda. For instance, nearly all the Dallas medical staff thought the head wound entered from the front and exited through a 2-in. by 2.-in. hole in the exterior. The autopsy, on the contrary, reported a massive exit wound in the front (about 4x the size of the reports of the Dallas staff), which would indicate a shot from the rear.
It was this sort of conflicts that drove his quest. The Warren Commission had ultimately resolved them through relying on what was considered the “best evidence”, the autopsy report and photos; but that didn't satisfy Lifton.
As Lifton was methodically working through the 26-volume Warren Commission report and exhibits, he stumbled upon what would become the fulcrum of his narrative, the answer he was looking for. He read, according to a report by FBI agents Siebert and O'Neill who attended the autopsy and took notes on everything they observed, that it was "apparent that a tracheotomy had been performed...as well as surgery of the head area, namely, in the top of the skull." Since Lifton knew that there was no surgery to the head in Dallas, this was the fact that intensified and focused his research, leading ultimately to the synthesis of the contradictory Dallas/Bethesda evidence to his conclusion that there was intentional fraud, that is, as Lifton puts it, a “medical forgery” to the body of the President.
In connection with his body alteration theory, Lifton hypothesized about when and where the alteration took place. He posits that after John F. Kennedy's assassination, unnamed conspirators on Air Force One removed Kennedy's body from its original bronze casket and placed it in a shipping casket, while en route from Dallas to Washington. Once the presidential plane arrived at Andrews Air Force Base, the shipping casket with the President's body in it was surreptitiously taken by helicopter from the side of the plane that was out of the television camera's view. Kennedy's body was then taken to an unknown location — most likely Walter Reed Army Medical Center — where the body was surgically altered to make it appear that he was shot only from the rear.
Among the explicitly stated clear implications of the book are the following: The assassination was an “inside” job with, at minimum, a number of secret service men involved—the ones who controlled the scene and the evidence and Oswald was, as he stated after his arrest, “a patsy."
Reception
Ed Magnuson of Time described the theory as "bizarre", but wrote that Lifton's work was "meticulously researched". According to Magnuson: "Preposterous? Absolutely. Yet there is virtually no factual claim in Lifton's book that is not supported by the public record or his own interviews, many of them with the lowly hospital and military bystanders whom official probes had overlooked."
Thomas Powers gave a critical review of the book in New York magazine stating: "There are a lot of curious theories about what happened to John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963, but none quite so bizarre as David Lifton's, a theory that makes all previous speculation about the president's murder... look like the work of dull and sober men." Powers' review was particularly harsh on Lifton's publisher, adding "Lifton is not to blame for this travesty" and asserting that Macmillan owed an apology to everyone involved in the transport of Kennedy's body from Dallas to Washington. Reviewing the book for The New York Times, Harrison Salisbury wrote: "...no one before Mr. Lifton has constructed a theory so complicated, so quirky, in such violation of every law of common sense and reason."
Discussing some of the books espousing a conspiracy in the assassination of Kennedy, Stephen E. Ambrose wrote in 1992: "Mr. Lifton argues that the conspirators who killed Kennedy got possession of Kennedy's body somewhere between Dallas and Washington, then removed his brain and otherwise altered his body and wounds to support a single-gunman theory. Mr. Lifton's account of how this was done is almost impossible to follow, almost impossible to believe and almost impossible to refute."
Author and lawyer Gerald Posner has described Lifton's book as "one of the most unusual conspiracy theories" that "relies on an elaborate shell game involving rapid exchanges of coffins, a decoy ambulance, and a switched body shroud. He contends that once the body (of President Kennedy) was stolen from Air Force One, a covert team of surgeons surgically altered the corpse before the autopsy later that day...purportedly...so the autopsy physicians would determine the bullets that hit the President were fired from the rear...thereby sealing the case against Oswald." Vincent Bugliosi devoted twelve pages to Lifton's theory in his 2007 book, Reclaiming History: The Assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Bugliosi prefaced his comments stating that the "theory is so unhinged that it really doesn't deserve one word in any serious treatment of the assassination", but that he was "forced to devote some time to talking about nonsense of a most exquisite nature" due to the number of people who treated it seriously.
There were many negative reviews from the major-media outlets, noting poor documentation and spurious claims. According to a Los Angeles Times article about Mr. Lifton: "The Orlando Sentinel Star went so far as to compare the book in stature and import to William L. Shirer's 'The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich.' Other reviewers characterized Lifton's work as 'meticulously detailed,' 'methodical and well-documented' and 'a challenge to the Warren Commission.'"
References
1939 births
Living people
American conspiracy theorists
Cornell University alumni
John F. Kennedy conspiracy theorists
Researchers of the assassination of John F. Kennedy
Ivan VI Frankopan or Ivan Anž Frankopan (also known as Ivaniš; died 20 November 1436) was a Croatian nobleman who ruled as Ban of Croatia from 1432 to 1436. He was one of the nine sons of the Croatian viceroy, Nikola Frankopan. Scandinavian sources use the names Gian Franchi and Johan Franke when discussing him; elsewhere Giovanni Franco or (. He has been a bailiff in service of Eric of Pomerania service, who in the 1420s held Stegeborg.
Early history
King Eric met Franco in Venice on his way on his pilgrimage to Jerusalem, and was designated an interpreter. After the arrival in Jerusalem, the King was dubbed Knight of the Holy Sepulchre by the Franciscan Custos of the Holy Land, and subsequently himself dubbed his pilgrim fellows, among them Ivan Anz Frankopan.
After the journey to Jerusalem, Franco then come to the Nordic countries and became bailiff at Stegeborg.
In 1432, a Venetian ships crew shipwrecked off the coast of Norway to Stegeborg after a journey to Jämtland, Dalarna and Västmanland. He took care of them, and took, among other things with them to Vadstena for a church celebration, he gave them parting gifts and housed them in farms during their journey to Lödöse.
Franco also had Köpingshus fief, and here he found himself in Engelbrekt rebellion, so withdrew before Engelbrecht in 1434 conquered and burned the castle. Later, he also left Stegsholm.
Controversy over legacy
When wealthy Prince Ivaniš Nelipić, the last male member of the illustrious House of Nelipić, died in 1434, the problem of inheritance became acute. According to his will, his only daughter, Princess Catherine or Margarita Nelipić, was to inherit all of his extensive possessions from the Velebit ranges to Cetina river.
Her patrimony was argued and eventually shared by Frankopan. In spite of the legality of this bequest, and his consent to the marriage upon request of the late Ivaniš Nelipić, King Sigismund denounced the testament and demanded that Frankopan turn over to him the legacy of his wife's inheritance. When Frankopan refused to obey, King Sigismund proclaimed him a rebel and deprived him of all honors and possessions. Then, he ordered the Banus of Slavonia Matko Talovats to subdue him by force. Thus, in 1436, civil war broke out in Croatia. However, it was short lived.
Frankopan sought the assistance of the pope. With the support of his good friend and former employer, Eric of Pomerania who became King of Sweden, he triumphed over King Sigismund. Suddenly, Frankopan died, and this halted hostilities and provided a decisive victory for King Sigismund. It was rumored that the King and sent an agent to poison Frankopan. King Sigismund further gloated over his victory by causing further damages to the Frankopan family when he gave away the legacy of Princess Catherine to Talovats and his brothers, Peter, Frank, and John.
When the Frankopan family came to the aid of the Nelipić's family, who was trying to protect the property from King Sigismund, he spread propaganda that Frankopan had poisoned his father-in-law, Nelipić, and Radić, a close relative to the Frankopan family. He claimed that this was how the family had acquired the vast wealth. He spread the ugly rumor that he had not only poisoned, but robbed them of their wealth.
See also
Frankopan family tree
Ivan Frankopan Cetinski
References
Ivan VI
Year of birth missing
1436 deaths
Bans of Croatia
15th-century Croatian people
Interpreters
Medieval Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
15th-century Croatian nobility
Noel Ebriega Rosal (born January 2, 1964) is a Filipino businessman and politician serving as the governor of Albay since 2022. He previously served as mayor of Legazpi from 2001 to 2010, and again from 2013 to 2022.
Personal life
Rosal is a graduate of Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from Adamson University. He later took up Master's Degree in Business Administration and Bachelor of Laws at Aquinas University.
Rosal is married to Carmen Geraldine Barrameda, mayor of Legazpi City (2010–2013, 2022–present). They have three children: Princess, Gerald Noel, and Gilian Noelle.
Political career
Before 2001
An industrial engineer, Rosal started his career in 1989 when he defeated the incumbent yet the longest-serving chieftain of Barangay Gogon in 20 years. He became a city councilor in 1990 and served for two terms.
As city mayor
In 2001, he was elected mayor of Legazpi City and served until 2010; and again in 2013, this time unopposed. He served as city administrator while his wife, Geraldine, was the mayor from 2010 to 2013.
Rosal received various awards and recognitions from known award-giving bodies for good governance, including those from the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and the United States Agency for International Development. The city received recognitions as well.
During his tenure, Rosal enforced in the city an order from the Department of Environment and Natural Resources to the concerned local government units surrounding Mayon Volcano stopping all quarry operations following a landslide in Guinobatan during Super Typhoon Goni (Rolly) in 2020.
Rosal has been referred to as the "Jesse Robredo of Albay".
2004 election protest against Rosal
Rosal's mayoralty opponent in the 2004 elections, former councilor Michael Victor Imperial, filed before the Commission on Elections a pre-proclamation protest against him contesting the results in several polling precincts, citing various irregularities.
In January 2006, following the recount, the COMELEC Second Division in its resolution proclaimed Imperial the duly elected city mayor and ordered Rosal to leave the mayor's office. The resolution was affirmed by the commission en banc in May 2006.
Rosal later brought the issue to the Supreme Court which issued the status quo ante order in June 2006 and, in March 2007, nullified all decisions by the COMELEC, allowing him to continue performing as mayor while the true results of the 2004 mayoral elections are being determined.
As provincial governor
In 2022, Rosal, ran under the political party Katipunan ng Nagkakaisang Pilipino, defeated incumbent Albay Governor Al Francis Bichara, garnering almost twice number of votes than the latter; thus the first governor from the province's second district after three decades.
Disqualification case
On September 19, 2022, the COMELEC First Division granted the petition filed on April by Joseph Armogila, a defeated city council candidate, who asked for the disqualification of Rosal from the 2022 local elections for violating an election code provision on ban on public spending in his capacity as city mayor. On the same day, Rosal said in his statement that he would appeal the said ruling, citing that it is not yet final and executory.
References
1964 births
Bicolano politicians
Living people
People from Legazpi, Albay
Mayors of places in Albay
Kevin Lewis may refer to:
Kevin C. Lewis, Jersey politician
Kevin Lewis (American football) (born 1978), American football linebacker
Kevin Lewis (cricketer) (1947–2020), Australian cricketer
Kevin Lewis (footballer, born 1940), English footballer who played for Huddersfield Town, Liverpool and Sheffield United
Kevin Lewis (footballer, born 1952), English footballer who played for Crewe Alexandra and Stoke City
Kevin Lewis (footballer, born 1970), English footballer who played for Stoke City
Kevin Lewis (footballer, born 1999), Uruguayan footballer
The Manchester Roadhouse was a basement music club based at number 8 Newton Street in Manchester's Northern Quarter. In March 2015 it was announced that it was to close for business later that year.
History
The Roadhouse was founded on the site of a former Victorian mill in a building which was formerly home to photo printing equipment company E.N. Mason and Sons during the late 1950s. In the 1970s it was known as Papa's Club; a snack bar and nightclub split into two rooms and owned by Thomas Papathomas. The club was later owned by John McBeath who launched it as a blues venue but in 1999 it was purchased by Kate Mountain who ran the club until its closure in 2015.
Mountain began her career at the Roadhouse in 1994 by working behind the bar and later managing the venue. She remained at the Roadhouse after graduating but when the owners went bankrupt she decided at the age of 25 to buy the venue and did so along with the venue's technical manager Steve Lloyd who had previous experience of running a business.
The 200-capacity venue became a central part of the Manchester music scene, supporting local artists as well as being an essential stop off for touring bands. Internationally famous bands who have graced the stage during the early part of their careers include Coldplay, Muse and the White Stripes.
Four members of the band Elbow worked at the Roadhouse before the band were signed and the band also played regular gigs there. Mountain has said that when they were playing at the venue it produced logistical challenges because it meant she had no staff. The band have always had a close relationship with the Roadhouse and returned to the venue in February 2015 to play a gig there in aid of the War Child charity. When Mountain announced the following month that the venue was to close, Elbow's lead singer Guy Garvey told the Manchester Evening News that his former boss should be immortalised with a bronze statue in Manchester.
On 29 March 2014 Roadhouse co-owner and sound engineer Steve Lloyd died at the Christie Hospital, Manchester after being diagnosed with cancer. Musicians from across Manchester paid tribute to Lloyd who had tirelessly worked with bands across the city including Elbow and Doves. In July of the same year a gig headlined by Badly Drawn Boy was held at the Roadhouse in Lloyd's memory, which raised money for the Christie Hospital.
Club nights
The Roadhouse hosted regular club and gig nights including the Electric Chair, Long Live Rock and Roll, Underachievers Please Try Harder, Get a Grip and Chairs Missing.
Closure announcement
On 19 March 2015 it was announced that the Manchester Roadhouse was to permanently close at the end of May. The news was met with sadness in the city with fans sharing their memories of the Roadhouse in the Manchester Evening News. Just days later a further announcement revealed that Mountain would be turning the venue into a new city centre restaurant with her business partner the chef Mary-Ellen McTague with whom Mountain had previously owned Prestwich-based restaurant Aumbry.
McTague had her first job preparing food at the Roadhouse whilst she was a student and admitted to having mixed feelings about the venue's closure but also explained that due to the larger space offered by the Roadhouse they would have more freedom than they had running Aumbry.
Speaking about the decision to turn the Roadhouse into a restaurant, Mountain also added that she did not feel as in touch with the music scene as she used to and wanted to pursue new ventures.
The closure of the Roadhouse was covered on local news programme Granada Reports on 10 June 2015, which saw the band Elbow return to the venue to be interviewed alongside their former boss Kate Mountain.
References
External links
The Manchester Roadhouse
Music venues in Manchester
Love Riot is the eighteenth studio album by the Newsboys. Fair Trade Services alongside Columbia Records released the album on 4 March 2016.
Critical reception
Awarding the album three and a half stars for CCM Magazine, Matt Conner states, "Love Riot is the new album replete with new sonic touch points, most notably darker synth pulses," Kelly Meade, allocating the album a four and a half star rating at Today's Christian Entertainment, writes, "Complete with the hard hitting sounds & powerful vocals we've come to expect from the band, Love Riot is a welcome addition to all music collections." Giving the album three and a half stars from New Release Today, Marcus Hathcock says, "Expect to hear several of these songs top radio charts this year and further solidify the Newsboys as one of CCM's signature acts." Jay Akins, allocating the album four and a half stars for Worship Leader, states, "Newsboys simply elevates the listening experience with every track on their new record Love Riot.
Joshua Andre, allotting the album a four and a half star review by 365 Days of Inspiring Media, describes, "Well done guys for a stellar album, and one that will be on my music playlist for a long time!" Alex Caldwell, rating the album three and a half stars at Jesus Freak Hideout, states, "Love Riot does what an entry into a veteran band's catalog should do; it reminds you of what you liked about the artist in the first place while adding a few more moments to savor." Indicating in a three and a half star review from Jesus Freak Hideout, Lucas Munachen says, "With just enough of the old and new to satisfy fans of both, there's little reason to pass up on the action."
Christopher Smith, signaling in a three and a half star review for Jesus Freak Hideout, writes, "Michael Tait's powerful vocals, strong musical performances from longtime members Duncan, Jeff, and Jody, and just enough stylistic progression from Restart combine to make Love Riot a must-have for Tait-era Newsboys fans." Affixing a four-star rating upon the album by The Christian Beat, Madeleine Dittmer describes, "Newsboys have once again successfully created a masterfully crafted collection of songs of good news. There is an unmistakable energy that runs through the album, giving it a celebratory feel...Newsboys again prove to be an institution in Contemporary Christian Music, boldly inspiring listeners and changing lives with each track." Jon Ownbey, bestowing a four-star rating upon the album at CM Addict, states, "There is a good mix of faster paced music and some classic worship that will keep you from skipping through the tracks."
Track listing
Charts
References
2016 albums
Newsboys albums
Fair Trade Services albums
Columbia Records albums
Castleholme Homestead is a heritage-listed homestead at Bryden-Crossdale Road, Bryden, Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from to the 1950s. It is also known as Conroy's Farm. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
Castleholme was established in the 1870s, following Hugh Conroy's selection and purchase of the then property in 1875. By 1916 a small cedar dwelling at Castleholme had become a rambling, fourteen-roomed house with wide verandahs. By that time the grounds included flowerbeds, shrubs and shade trees, and substantial outbuildings, and the principal activity was dairying. Castleholme remained in the Conroy family until 1978 when it became part of the Wivenhoe Dam reclamation area.
Description
Castleholme consists of the remains of a homestead, slab barn, cottage, stables and associated farm buildings and stockyards with a number of mature trees. It is located in the Brisbane Valley on a northeastern slope, is visible from the Bryden-Crossdale Road and borders the Bryden Catholic Cemetery. The domestic structures are located in a group to the north with the outbuildings forming a southern boundary. Other structures include the remains of a timber laundry shed and a bakehouse, post and rail fencing, a calf pen and cow bails.
Heritage listing
Castleholme Homestead was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Castleholme is important for its association with the closer settlement of the Bryden area, its development as a dairying district, and with the Conroy family in particular.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland's history.
The place also has potential to reveal substrata evidence of the arrangement of a late 19th century dairy farm.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
It survives as a good example of the arrangement of a working farm in southeast Queensland, demonstrating over a century an evolution in function, building type, technology and material.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Castleholme is significant also for the aesthetic quality of the group of timber buildings and grounds, and for its spatial association with the adjacent St Anne's graveyard.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
Castleholme is significant for its historical association with the adjacent St Anne's graveyard.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Somerset Region
Agricultural buildings and structures in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Homesteads in Queensland
Fallada: The Last Chapter () is a 1988 East German drama film directed by Roland Gräf about the life of Hans Fallada. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Jörg Gudzuhn as Hans Fallada
Jutta Wachowiak as Anna Fallada
Katrin Saß as Ursula Losch
Corinna Harfouch as Else-Marie Bukonje
Ulrike Krumbiegel as Anneliese
Marga Legal as Falladas Mutter
Hermann Beyer as Abteilungsleiter
Carl Heinz Choynski as Paselk, Wächter
Werner Dissel as Doktor
Werner Godemann as Gendarm
Peter-Mario Grau as Journalist
Aleksei Yakubov as Kleiner Offizier
Werner Kos as Journalist
Joachim Lätsch as August
References
External links
1988 films
1980s biographical films
German biographical films
East German films
1980s German-language films
Films directed by Roland Gräf
Biographical films about writers
Films about alcoholism
Films set in the 1940s
1980s German films
"Head Held High" is a song by Dublin-based alternative rock quartet Kodaline. The song was released on 24 August 2018 as the fifth single from the band's third studio album, Politics of Living (2018). The song peaked at number sixty-eight on the Irish Singles Chart.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Head Held High" was first released onto YouTube on 24 August 2018.
Charts
Release history
Other
Also Head Held High known as a graphic novel about time traveler and parallel universe jumper by Airat Asadullin, published on Acomics and NECjAR.
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Kodaline songs
Songs written by Jonny Coffer
Songs written by Johnny McDaid
Kristina Alexandrovna Oblasova (; born 11 September 1984, in Moscow) is a Russian former competitive figure skater. She is the 2001 World Junior champion and the 2004 Russian national bronze medalist.
Career
Oblasova began learning to skate in 1989. She trained mainly in singles, except for a brief interlude at age 10 when she trained in pairs with partner Stanislav Zakharov.
A hip injury kept Oblasova off the ice for seven months in the 1997–98 season. She debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit the following season.
In 2000–01, Oblasova took the silver medal at the ISU Junior Grand Prix Final and then gold at the 2001 World Junior Championships. She was coached by Elena Tchaikovskaya and Vladimir Kotin.
In 2001–02, Oblasova made her senior Grand Prix debut, competing at Skate Canada International and Sparkassen Cup on Ice. After Russian Nationals, she changed coaches to Viktor Kudriavtsev. Oblasova was assigned again to Junior Worlds where she finished 11th. In 2003, a third trip to Junior Worlds saw her finish 9th.
In 2003–04, her final competitive season, Oblasova won the senior bronze medal at the Russian Nationals and was assigned to the 2004 European Championships. She finished 16th in her only trip to a senior ISU Championships.
Programs
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
References
External links
Official site
Russian female single skaters
Living people
1984 births
Figure skaters from Moscow
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Oleksandr Oleksandrovych Aliyev (, ); (born 3 February 1985) is a Ukrainian former professional footballer of Russian origin. He plays as a right midfielder or central midfielder. Known for his spectacular goals from direct free-kicks, his former Dynamo Kyiv coach Yuri Syomin described him as "...the best free-kick taker in Europe". He also was known for being the youngest Dynamo player who debuted in 2002 at professional level when Aliyev was 17 years and 6 months old.
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine Aliyev joined the Ukrainian army.
Club career
Born in Khabarovsk, Aliyev began playing football as a child with FC Zaria Khabarovsk before entering the Dynamo Kyiv youth system.
Dynamo Kyiv
Aliyev began his career in Borysfen-2 Boryspil (a second team of FC Borysfen Boryspil) in Druha Liha A. It was a youth club that was participating on the professional level similar to FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv and Aliyev at that time was a minor (underage). In 2002, he joined Dynamo Kyiv where he was featured mostly in FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League. He was really successful in the Dynamo-2 so he was loaned of to Ukrainian Premier League side Metalurh Zaporizhzhia. With Zaporizhzhia, he managed to get to the Ukrainian Cup finals.
After his loan ended, Aliyev was promoted to the main team of dynamos, where he began to shine especially under new Russian head coach Yuri Semin during the 2008–09 season. In September 2008 Ukraine legend Serhii Rebrov hailed Aliyev's transformation into a "team player", when he thought "Aliyev was just about fun". He was key in Dynamo's campaign in the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League. On 21 October 2008, he scored a free kick from at least 30 yards out to give Dynamo Kyiv the win against FC Porto. On 25 November, at the end of the game against Arsenal, Aliyev pushed the referee, Alain Hamer, and received a red card for his action. Later, during the interview he called Hamer a "kozel" (the goat -eng.) which means similarly to "idiot" in this context.
Dynamo Kyiv finished third in their Champions League group, moving down to the 2008–09 UEFA Cup after the winter break. Aliyev was an instrumental player throughout the campaign here too. He played in most of the games, helping Dynamo get to the semi-finals, where they were eliminated by fellow Ukrainian rivals, and eventual UEFA Cup Champions Shakhtar Donetsk. Dynamo also won the 2008–09 Ukrainian Premier League that season. Later in 2009–10 season he was a part of starting lineup for Ukrainian Super Cup match against Vorskla Poltava. After a few minutes in that game he got injured and missed few months of the starting season. On recovery Aliyev was not able to secure a starting position and asked for a transfer during the winter break.
Lokomotiv Moscow
As soon as the first half of 2009–10 Ukrainian Premier League Aliyev began negotiations with Lokomotiv Moscow in the Russian Premier League. These negotiations failed and Aliyev remained a Dynamo player until 1 February 2010, when Lokomotiv officially announced the signing of Aliyev to a three-year contract.
Anzhi Makhachkala
In January 2014 Aliyev moved from Dynamo Kyiv to Anzhi Makhachkala on a 2.5-year contract. Aliyev left Anzhi at the end of the 2013–14 season by mutual consent. Shortly thereafter, he re-signed with Anzhi, before having his contract terminated by mutual consent once again in January 2015.
Rukh Vynnyky and amateurs
In 2015 Aliyev returned to Ukraine playing for FC Rukh Vynnyky along with his former teammate Maksim Shatskikh at the 2015 Ukrainian Football Amateur League.
In 2016 and 2017 he was taking part at the Kyiv city championship for local amateur club.
Taraz
In June 2016, after eighteen-months without a professional club, Aliyev signed for FC Taraz of the Kazakhstan Premier League until the end of the 2016 season. Aliyev left Taraz prior to the expiration of his contract on 6 October 2016.
International career
Aliyev played the under-20 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands. He was one of the top scorers of the tournament with five goals, one less than Lionel Messi, the top scorer.
Aliyev also played in the Ukraine national under-21 football team in the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, helping his side reach the final. His set piece goal from more than 40 yards that hit the cross-bar and went in against Turkey in the U-21 Championship has been regarded as one of the best goals in U-21 Football history. He is the current top goalscorer of the Ukrainian under-21 team with eight goals.
On 6 September 2008, Aliyev got his first senior cap for Ukraine. He was substituted on for Maksym Kalynychenko starting from the second half.
Coaching career
In March 2018 Aliyev became a manager of Ukrainian amateur club FC Khmelnytskyi which earlier in 2017 started out at the 2017–18 Ukrainian Football Amateur League.
Career statistics
Club
included only games played at professional level and might not correspond to the actual record of Football Federation of Ukraine
International
Scores and results list Ukraine's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Aliyev goal.
Honours
Dynamo Kyiv
Ukrainian Premier League: 2002–03, 2003–04, 2006–07, 2008–09
Ukrainian Cup: 2002–03, 2004–05, 2005–06, 2006–07
Ukrainian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009
Ukraine U21
UEFA Under-21 Championship: runner-up 2006
Individual
Top assist provider of the Ukraine Premier League: 2008–09
2005 FIFA World Youth Championship: Silver Shoe
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Footballers from Khabarovsk
Russian footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Ukrainian footballers
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Borysfen-2 Boryspil players
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
Ukraine international footballers
Ukraine youth international footballers
Ukraine under-21 international footballers
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Dnipro players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Rukh Lviv players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ukrainian Amateur Football Championship players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Naturalized citizens of Ukraine
Russian emigrants to Ukraine
UEFA Euro 2012 players
Association football midfielders
FC Taraz players
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Ukrainian football managers
Ukrainian military personnel of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Oliver Dean (1783–1871) was an American physician and philanthropist who founded Dean College in Franklin, Massachusetts.
Dean was born in Franklin in 1783. He became a medical doctor and then changed careers and became manager of the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company in Manchester, New Hampshire. After retiring to Franklin, Dean founded a local Universalist church. In 1865, Dean founded the co-educational Dean Academy by donating $125,000 and approximately nine acres of land for the school, which was initially led by Arthur W. Peirce, known as "Awpie".
Dean died in 1871.
Marriage
Married Oliva Dean In 1870. He died before the birth of their son, Oswald Dean.
References
1783 births
1871 deaths
19th-century American physicians
People from Franklin, Massachusetts
University and college founders
The railway from Paris to Lille is an important French 251-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to the northern French city Lille. Branch lines offer connections to Belgium and Great Britain. As one of the first railway lines in France, it was opened on 20 June 1846. The opening of the LGV Nord high speed line from Paris to Lille in 1993 has decreased its importance for passenger traffic.
Route
The Paris–Lille railway begins at the Gare du Nord in Paris, running north for 6 km until Saint-Denis. From here, it climbs in northeastern direction at a constant 5 mm/km incline. Near Marly-la-Ville, it turns north and then northwest, and descends towards the river Oise. At Creil, the Oise is crossed. The line to Saint-Quentin and Brussels branches off at Creil.
The line leaves the Oise valley and continues north to the river Somme at Longueau near Amiens. Here the Longueau–Boulogne railway to the Gare d'Amiens and Boulogne-sur-Mer branches off to the west, and a line to Laon to the east. The line to Lille continues in northeastern direction, following the valley of the Somme until Corbie, and then the river Ancre until Miraumont, where the line turns north until it reaches Arras.
From Arras it follows the river Scarpe in eastern direction until Douai, where it turns northwest. After Ostricourt it turns north again, entering the agglomeration of Lille. After a total length of 251 km, it reaches its terminus Gare de Lille-Flandres.
Main stations
The main stations on the Paris–Lille railway are:
Gare du Nord (Paris)
Gare de Creil
Gare de Longueau
Gare d'Arras
Gare de Douai
Gare de Lille-Flandres
History
The idea of linking France to Belgium and Great Britain was studied by the French Government as early as 1833. By November 1842, the northern French cities Lille and Valenciennes were already connected to the Belgian railway network. In July 1844 a law was passed that determined the route of the new railway from Paris to Lille. Exploitation of the line from Paris to Lille and several branch lines was granted to the Compagnie des chemins de fer du Nord. Owners of the CF du Nord were Hottinger, Laffitte, Blount and Baron de Rothschild as president. The railway line as well as the Parisian station was inaugurated in June 1846.
The line originally passed through the Oise valley, along Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône and Persan. This way a steep climb and descent between Saint-Denis and Creil could be avoided. The arrival of stronger engines prompted the CF du Nord to construct a 19 km shorter line between Saint-Denis and Creil over the plateau, passing along Chantilly. This new section was opened on 10 May 1859.
Since the opening of the LGV Nord high speed line between Paris and Lille in 1993, most long-distance passenger traffic has shifted away from the classical Paris–Lille line. It remains an important railway for freight traffic and regional passenger traffic.
Services
The Paris–Lille railway is used by the following passenger services:
TGV, Thalys and Eurostar on the section between Paris and Villiers-le-Bel - Gonesse, and on short stretches near Arras and Lille
TGV additionally on the section between Arras and Lille
Intercités from Paris to Boulogne on the section between Paris and Longueau, and Intercités from Paris to Cambrai and Maubeuge on the section between Paris and Creil
TER Hauts-de-France regional services on the whole line
Transilien regional services on the section between Paris and Saint-Denis
RER D Paris rapid transit on the section between Paris and Creil
References
External links
Transilien network map
TER Hauts-de-France railway map
Railway lines in Île-de-France
Railway lines in Hauts-de-France
Railway lines opened in 1846
1846 establishments in France
Koen De Graeve (born 28 April 1972) is a Belgian actor. He appeared in more than forty films since 1993.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Belgian male film actors
Anthony Manning (born September 4, 1992) is an American soccer player who plays for Detroit City FC in the USL Championship.
Career
College
Manning spent his entire college career at Saint Louis University. He made a total of 76 appearances for the Billikens and tallied five goals and two assists.
Professional
Manning was selected in the third round (52nd overall) of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by the Portland Timbers. On March 29, he signed a professional contract with USL affiliate club Portland Timbers 2. He made is professional debut that same day in a 3–1 victory over Real Monarchs SLC.
Manning was signed to Portland Timbers MLS squads on July 13, 2015.
Manning signed with North American Soccer League side Indy Eleven on March 9, 2017.
On February 15, 2021, Detroit City FC announced that they had signed Manning pending approval from NISA and the USSF.
Honors
Club
Portland Timbers
MLS Cup: 2015
Western Conference (playoffs): 2015
References
External links
Saint Louis Billikens bio
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Indy Eleven players
People from Mesquite, Texas
Portland Timbers draft picks
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Detroit City FC players
Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer players
Soccer players from Texas
Sportspeople from the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
USL Championship players
National Independent Soccer Association players
American expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
American expatriate soccer players
Ypsolopha satellitella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Turkmenistan, Kyrghyzstan, north-western China, Afghanistan, the European part of Russia and Turkey.
The wingspan is 23–25 mm.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Swapnabhoomi is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by S. R. Puttanna and produced by Rangarajan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Sheela and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. The film is a remake of director's own Kannada movie Belli Moda released in the same year.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Sheela
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi
B. N. Nambiar
Lakshmi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Kannada films
Gnanalaya () is one of India's largest private libraries with rare first edition books, founded by B. Krishnamurthy and his wife Dorothy.
Location
The library is situated at Palaniappa Nagar, Thirukkokarnam in Pudukottai, Tamil Nadu, India. It has been built at a height of 14 feet with windows at nine feet to let natural light and air work wonders.
Collection
Having more than 15,000 titles in English and 70,000 titles in Tamil it has a large collection of rare first editions of Tamil books and had selected treasures. This library was instrumental in reviving old and out of print, resulting in more than 3000 books being reprinted.
Selected First Editions
Veeramamunivar's 'Sathur Agarathy' (1842)
French-Tamil Dictionary (1855)
Tamil-Latin dictionary (1867)
Standard edition of the Thiruvarutpa (1887)
Vedanayagam Pillai's first novel 'Prathapa Mudaliar Charithram'
Other selected treasures
Letters of Rajaji
Bharathiyar's daughter Thangammal Bharathi's first editions of Bharathi and Bharathidasan
Revolutionary magazines 'Kudiarasu', 'Viduthalai'
Gandhi's 'Harijan'
Back issues of 'Reader's Digest' from the first Indian edition
Tamil literary magazines from 1920 to 2010.
References
External links
Gnanalaya Research Library, Pudukottai, in Tamil
Gnanalaya - Digital Library for International Research (DLIR)
Gnanalaya Research Library, in Tamil
Stalin donates 370 books, The Hindu, Trichy, 30 March 2017
Libraries in Tamil Nadu
Natalia Belén Salvador Marambio (born 28 September 1993) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Chile.
Career
Club hockey
Natalia Salvador is a former player of Chilean club, Universidad Católica.
In 2020, she moved to Spain to play for Junior FC in the Liga Iberdrola.
National team
Natalia Salvador made her debut for the Chilean national team in 2012.
Since her debut, Salvador has been a constant inclusion in the national team. In 2019 she won a bronze medal with the team at the FIH Series Finals in Hiroshima. She also won silver at the 2022 Pan American Cup in Santiago.
In 2022, she was named in the national squad for the FIH World Cup in Terrassa and Amsterdam.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Chilean female field hockey players
Female field hockey goalkeepers
20th-century Chilean women
21st-century Chilean women
Astragalus paradoxus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.Endangered species with fragmented area of distribution.
Perennial, almost glabrous plant. Stems very abbreviated, subterranean, densely covered with fibrose remains of petioles of the dead leaves. Leaves 4–20 cm long; leaflets 5–6–paired. Peduncles very short, 2–3–flowered. Corolla whitetinged with lilac; carina darker. Flag 20–55 mm long; carina and alas coalescent with androphore up to ½ of length. Legumes ovoid–globular.
Grows in lower mountain belt, at the altitudes of 800–1000 meters above sea level, in sandy places, in the desert and semi–desert. Flowering from April to May, fruiting from May to June.
One of the populations is situated in the area "Sands of Goravan" reservation included into "Khosrov Forest" State Reserve. Necessary: monitoring of the population state.
References
paradoxus
Denis O'Connor may refer to:
Sir Denis O'Connor (British Army officer) (1907–1988), British general
Sir Denis O'Connor (police officer) (born 1949), British police officer
Denis O'Connor (bishop) (1841–1911), Roman Catholic Archbishop of Toronto
Denis O'Connor (sculptor) (born 1947), New Zealand ceramicist, sculptor and writer
See also
Dennis O'Connor (disambiguation)
Denis O'Conor, Irish nobleman and politician
Denis Maurice O'Conor, Irish politician
Elanne Starlight is a 2016 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Wang Ziqi and starring Elanne Kong, Lu Yulin, Ye Xinchen, Chen Zeyu, Joe Ma, Anne Heung and Sze Yu. It was released in China by Pearl River Pictures on August 26, 2016.
Plot
Cast
Elanne Kong
Lu Yulin
Ye Xinchen
Chen Zeyu
Joe Ma
Anne Heung
Sze Yu
Zhong Kai
Wu Jinxi
Reception
The film grossed at the Chinese box office.
References
Chinese romantic drama films
2016 romantic drama films
The 2022 Challenger Tenis Club Argentino was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2022 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Buenos Aires, Argentina between 20 and 26 June 2022.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Valerio Aboian
Alex Barrena
Juan Bautista Otegui
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as an alternate:
Ignacio Monzón
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Leonardo Aboian
Guido Andreozzi
Tomás Farjat
Juan Ignacio Galarza
Naoki Nakagawa
Fermín Tenti
Champions
Singles
Francisco Comesaña def. Mariano Navone 6–4, 6–0.
Doubles
Arklon Huertas del Pino / Conner Huertas del Pino def. Matías Franco Descotte / Alejo Lorenzo Lingua Lavallén 7–5, 4–6, [11–9].
References
2022 ATP Challenger Tour
2022 in Argentine tennis
June 2022 sports events in Argentina
Chart.js is a free, open-source JavaScript library for data visualization, which supports eight chart types: bar, line, area, pie (doughnut), bubble, radar, polar, and scatter. Created by London-based web developer Nick Downie in 2013, now it is maintained by the community and is the second most popular JavaScript charting library on GitHub by the number of stars after D3.js, considered significantly easier to use though less customizable than the latter. Chart.js renders in HTML5 canvas and is widely covered as one of the best data visualization libraries. It is available under the MIT license.
See also
JavaScript framework
JavaScript library
References
External links
Data visualization software
JavaScript libraries
JavaScript visualization toolkits
JavaScript
Visualization API
Charts
Infographics
Free software programmed in JavaScript
Software using the MIT license
Free data analysis software
Yrgyz District (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Yrgyz. Population:
Geography
The area of Yrgyz District is . Shalkarteniz is located in the district. The Lakes of the lower Turgay and Irgiz Nature Reserve is a protected area located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
The 1959 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1959 NCAA University Division football season. In their first season under head coach Tally Stevens, the Cougars compiled a 3–7 record (2–5 against Skyline opponents), tied for fifth place in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 169 to 102.
The team's statistical leaders included Gary Dunn with 223 passing yards, LeGrand Young with 423 rushing yards and 423 yards of total offense, Jack Gifford with 32 points, and Howard Ringwood with 130 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Barren strawberry is a common name for several plants which may refer to:
Potentilla, or in particular Potentilla sterilis, native to Europe
Waldsteinia fragarioides, native to eastern North America
See also
Mock strawberry, Potentilla indica a.k.a. Duchesnea indica, native to eastern and southern Asia
Nuno Borges and Francisco Cabral were the two-time defending champions but only Cabral chose to defend his title, partnering João Domingues. Cabral lost in the quarterfinals to Sadio Doumbia and Fabien Reboul.
Doumbia and Reboul won the title after defeating Robert Galloway and Alex Lawson 6–3, 3–6, [15–13] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Open de Oeiras III - Doubles
Thomas Spencer Smith (born 25 February 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bath City.
Club career
Swindon Town
Smith was given the number 28 shirt at the start of the 2014–15 season and was an unused substitute for Swindon Town in games against Scunthorpe United (home), Gillingham (away) Fleetwood Town (away) and Leyton Orient (home). He made his professional football debut as a second half-substitute in the League One game against Preston North End. Handed the number 31 shirt for the 2015–16 season, he was involved in the Newport County Football League Trophy game as a used substitute. Smith scored his first goal for Swindon against Crewe Alexandra on 5 September 2015. After being assigned the number 15 jersey for the 2016–17 campaign, Smith made his first appearance of the season in an EFL Cup first round tie against Championship side Queens Park Rangers, replacing Yaser Kasim in the 65th minute. The game resulted in a 4–2 victory for the Championship side on penalties after a 2–2 draw in normal time. On 13 September 2016, Smith made his first start of the campaign, in Swindon's EFL Trophy group stage tie against Chelsea U23s. The game resulted in a 2–1 victory with Smith playing for the entire 90 minutes.
On 22 February 2017, Smith joined Irish side Waterford on loan, along with teammate Jake Evans, until June 2017. On 24 February, Smith made his Waterford debut in their 1–0 away defeat against Athlone Town, on the opening day of the 2017 campaign. On 10 March 2017, Smith scored his first goal for Waterford, in their 2–0 away victory over UCD, netting the visitors' second in the 85th minute. Smith made a big impact at Waterford, becoming a key player in the club's title bid. His loan ended in May 2017 and his last appearance came in a 3–0 defeat to the League of Ireland Champions Dundalk in the EA Sports Cup.
On 12 October 2017, Smith joined National League South side Bath City on a one-month loan. Two days later, he made his debut for Bath during their FA Cup fourth qualifying round tie against Chelmsford City, in which he was awarded man of the match despite the 0–0 draw. Following an impressive first month at Bath, Smith's loan was extended until 6 January 2018. On 24 November 2017, Smith was recalled by parent club, Swindon, following increasing injury problems. On 8 December 2017, Smith returned to Bath on a one-month loan and went on to score in their FA Trophy tie against Hendon, which resulted in a 2–1 defeat. On 19 January 2018, Smith again rejoined Bath on loan for the remainder of the campaign.
He was released by Swindon at the end of the 2017–18 season.
Cheltenham Town
On 1 June 2018, following his release from Swindon, Smith agreed to join fellow League Two side, Cheltenham Town on a two-year deal.
On 20 September 2018, Smith returned to Bath City on a four-month loan. The deal was later extended for the rest of the season.
Bath City
On 2 July 2019, after several loan spells, Smith returned to Bath City on a permanent deal, signing a two-year contract. On 27 July 2020, Smith was the recipient of the Vanarama South Player of the Season award after an impressive season.
On 26 February 2021, Smith joined National League side Dagenham & Redbridge on loan for the remainder of the 2020-21 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
English footballers
Swindon Town F.C. players
Waterford F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
Cheltenham Town F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
English Football League players
League of Ireland players
National League (English football) players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Swindon
United Nations Security Council resolution 884, adopted unanimously on 12 November 1993, after reaffirming resolutions 822 (1993), 853 (1993) and 874 (1993), the Council expressed its concern at the continuing conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan in Nagorno-Karabakh and condemned violations of the ceasefire between the parties, particularly the occupation of the Zəngilan district and city of Goradiz.
The council also condemned attacks on civilians and bombardments in Azerbaijan, calling upon the Government of Armenia to use its influence to achieve compliance by Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh with previous Security Council resolutions. It also welcomed the declaration of the OSCE Minsk Group regarding unilateral ceasefires.
The resolution then demanded that, from the parties concerned, the immediate cessation of hostilities, the unilateral withdrawal of occupying forces from the Zangelan district and the city of Goradiz, and the withdrawal of occupying forces from other recently occupied areas of the Azerbaijan. With regard to the recent violations of the ceasefire, the council urged the parties to observe the ceasefire established from contacts between the Government of Russia and OSCE Minsk Group. It also asked other nations to refrain from interfering in the conflict, particularly as fighting broke out at the Azerbaijani-Iranian border led Iranian troops to be moved to the border region.
Finally the council requested the secretary-general and international agencies to provide urgent humanitarian assistance to the affected civilian population particularly with regards to those who were displaced, further urging the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali and the OSCE Minsk Group continue to report back on developments to the council.
Despite the adoption of Resolution 884, shelling and periodic fighting continued.
See also
Armenia–Azerbaijan relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 801 to 900 (1993–1994)
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
List of United Nations Security Council resolutions on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0884
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
0884
0884
November 1993 events
Robert Francz (born March 30, 1978) is a German ice hockey player.
External links
1978 births
Living people
Arizona Coyotes draft picks
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
German ice hockey players
People from Bad Muskau
Sportspeople from Saxony
Nicholas William Preston (born 22 January 1972) is an English former professional cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club
Preston was born at Dartford in Kent and first played for the county's Second XI in 1990. He made his first-class cricket debut for the side in May 1996 and went on to make nine first-class and six List A appearance for the Kent First XI as a seam bowler - all but one of them during 1996. He played once against Cambridge University in 1997 and continued playing for the Second XI until the end of the season before being released by the club.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Sportspeople from Dartford
Elambilakode is a hamlet in Chaliyar Panchayath of Nilambur Taluk in Malappuram district, Kerala, South India.
Culture
Elambilakode village is a predominantly Muslim populated area. Hindus exist in comparatively smaller numbers. So the culture of the locality is based upon Muslim traditions. Duff Muttu, Kolkali and Aravanamuttu are common folk arts of this locality. There are many libraries attached to mosques giving a rich source of Islamic studies. Most of the books are written in Arabi-Malayalam which is a version of the Malayalam language written in Arabic script. People gather in mosques for the evening prayer and continue to sit there after the prayers discussing social and cultural issues. Business and family issues are also sorted out during these evening meetings. The Hindu minority of this area keeps their rich traditions by celebrating various festivals in their temples. Hindu rituals are done here with a regular devotion like other parts of Kerala.
Transportation
Elambilakode village connects to other parts of India through Nilambur town. State Highway No.28 starts from Nilambur and connects to Ooty, Mysore and Bangalore through Highways.12,29 and 181. National highway No.66 passes through Ramanattukara and the northern stretch connects to Goa and Mumbai. The southern stretch connects to Cochin and Trivandrum. State. The nearest airport is at Kozhikode. The nearest major railway station is at Feroke.
References
Villages in Malappuram district
Nilambur area
The Jan Meda International Cross Country is an annual cross-country running competition held at the Jan Meda Race Course in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Typically held in January or February, the event serves as the national championship for Ethiopia and doubles as the national trials for the IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
Matching the world programme, the Jan Meda International holds four races, with senior and junior (under-20) races for both sexes. Similarly, the event featured a senior men's and women's short race over 4 km from 1998 to 2006, when that was a World Championship distance.
The same race course venue is used for the municipal Addis Ababa championships and the national cross-country clubs championships. The 2004 and 2009 editions of the national championships doubled as the East African Cross Country Championships.
Past senior race winners
Short race
See also
African Cross Country Championships
References
Athletics competitions in Ethiopia
National cross-country running competitions
Sport in Addis Ababa
February sporting events
Annual sporting events in Ethiopia
Cross-country running in Ethiopia
Qianheng (乾亨) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Qianheng (917–925), era name used by Liu Yan (emperor), emperor of Southern Han
Qianheng (979–983), era name used by Emperor Jingzong of Liao
1954 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 48th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1954 in water polo
1954 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The 2010 South American Under-17 Women's Championship was the second instance of the South American Under-17 Women's Championship. It was held from 28 January to 11 February in São Paulo, Brazil. As the top 3 teams, Brazil, Chile, and Venezuela qualified for the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
The winners of the two semifinal matches will qualify directly to the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup held in Trinidad and Tobago. The losers of the semifinal matches will contest in a third-place match to determine who receives the last qualifying spot for the 2010 World Cup.
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
External links
Official site
2010
CON
International women's association football competitions hosted by Brazil
Women
South
2010 in youth association football
The Men's 50 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 23 and 24 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 23 June at 09:30.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 23 June at 18:42.
Swim-off
The swim-off was started on 23 June at 20:13.
Final
The final was held on 24 June at 18:09.
References
Men's 50 metre freestyle
Unmasked: Two Confidential Interviews with Hitler in 1931 is a book first published in 1968 claiming to comprise transcripts of shorthand notes by of two confidential 1931 interviews with Adolf Hitler. In addition the book has an essay (in the form of an epilogue) by entitled "The Anatomy of Demagogy and Adolf Hitler's Bent for Destruction"; a set of comprehensive notes also by Calic and a foreword by Golo Mann. The authenticity of the transcripts has been challenged.
Publication
First published in German in 1968 with the title Ohne Maske, the book was translated by Richard H Barry and published by Chatto & Windus in 1971.
Importance
Calic considers that during the confidential interviews with Breitling, Hitler:
…unfolded like a panorama all that in his speeches remained concealed behind phrases and gestures, things not even hinted at in Mein Kampf, the subterfuges and methods of achieving power, the technique of the legal coup d'état to establish total domination over Germany, the brutal extension of his tyranny over all Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals and the megalomaniac vision of world domination.
Background to the interviews
Hitler's confidential 1931 interviews were with Richard Breiting, editor-in-chief of the Leipziger Neueste Nachrichten, a newspaper published by representing the views and policies of Germany's 'conservative Right'. Breiting himself was a member of the German People's Party (Deutsche Volkspartei, or DVP) whilst the Hugenberg Press (owned by the German National People's Party (DNVP) Chairman Alfred Hugenberg, the country's leading media proprietor) had an interest in the Leipziger Neueste Nachrichten.
Breiting was well-connected with the conservative Right and Calic believes Hitler wished to "win over" this influential press editor. There was also a tangible issue to be dealt with in that a Dresden-based NSDAP newspaper, Freiheitskampf (which had been founded in 1930), had been attacking Breiting and Herfurth in its editorials, leading to complaints to Hitler.
Calic states that Otto Dietrich (who became Hitler's press chief on 1 August 1931) had been Breiting's Munich correspondent between 1928–30 and facilitated the granting of an interview by Hitler.
Although Hitler gave his permission for Breiting to take shorthand notes, both Hitler and Hess stressed the strictly confidential nature of the discussions. Breiting nevertheless briefed Herfurth on the meetings, and in addition made the DNVP's Chairman Hugenberg and its parliamentary floor-leader aware of the discussions.
First interview: Monday 4 May 1931
The meeting lasted three hours.
Location and attendees
According to Breiting's shorthand notes, the interview took place at the Brown House, the NSDAP national headquarters located at 45 Brienner Straße in Munich. Breiting was accompanied by Alfred Detig, a member of the editorial staff of the newspaper. The pair were received by Rudolf Hess, who entertained them while they waited an hour before being admitted to Hitler's presence.
Topics
In the first interview Hitler explained his plan for taking control of the German state by legal means and the Gleichschaltung that would follow.
Second interview: possibly early June 1931
Calic has speculated that the first page of the original shorthand text is lost.
Date and location unclear
Breiting's notes indicate that the second meeting assembled at 10:00 am and finished at 12:45pm. However, there is nothing to indicate when or where the interview took place. Calic dates it as being in early June, relying on a remark by Hitler during the interview: "as I told you a month ago." Calic also states that it may be assumed that the meeting took place in the same place as the previous one.
Hitler's usage of time seems vague however, for elsewhere in the interview transcript he is also quoted as saying: "When I celebrated my 42nd birthday a few weeks ago..." In early June Hitler's birthday (on 20 April) would have been some 6 weeks previously. That it did take place approximately a month after the first interview is nevertheless supported by another remark by Hitler during the interview: "Three months ago, in February 1931..."
During this period it has known from documentation that Hitler gave three speeches in Frankfurt an der Oder, 600 km north east of Munich on 31 May (and depending on how he travelled, his route may have taken him via Leipzig), that he was back in Munich by at least June 3 to give a speech at the Bürgerbräukeller, and that he gave two speeches in Chemnitz, 375 km north-east of Munich and about 65 km south-east of Breitner's Leipzig workplace, on June 7.
Attendees
The meeting between Breiting and Hitler was also attended once again by Rudolf Hess and for part of it (in respect of the quarrel with the Freiheitskampf) by the NSDAP's Lawyer Hans Frank.
Topics
In the second interview Hitler explained his strategy for achieving a new world order with Germany colonising the East after the destruction of the Soviet Union.
Events afterwards
Calic states that as a result of an indiscretion it became known that Breiting had made a summary for Herfurth. When knowledge of the meeting spread to Joseph Goebbels and Max Amann, concerns about the existence of the notes mounted. On 18 February 1934 the Leipzig Gestapo demanded the return of the notes. Breiting denied that they still existed, saying that he had destroyed them. He had in fact hidden all his personal papers in a location near Hamburg with his sister.
Breiting applied for, but was refused, membership of the NSDAP and came under suspicion. He then died in 1937, about which Calic writes:
On 19 April 1937 Breiting was summoned to the Reich Ministry of Propaganda in Berlin, where two Gestapo agents took him to a restaurant for a talk. Although he was only 54 and had hitherto been in good health, he returned to Leipzig racked with convulsions and a nervous fever. According to his family he was convinced that he had been poisoned. A week later he was dead. Though the family requested an autopsy, the doctor in charge refused. His body was cremated without his family's knowledge.
Authenticity
Calic states that the authenticity of the documents have been confirmed by the opinions of:
Karl Dietrich Bracher
Harold C. Deutsch
Emil Dovifat
Sebastian Haffner
Walther Hofer
Robert Kempner
Eugen Kogan
Karl Lange (de)
Wolfgang Malanowski
Golo Mann
Wilhelm Ritter von Schramm
Henry Ashby Turner jr
Friedrich Zipfel
On the other hand, doubts have been expressed by Hugh Trevor-Roper, Hans Mommsen, Henning Köhler and Fritz Tobias. Rainer Zitelmann maintains that the documents have been proved to be forgeries.
See also
List of books by or about Adolf Hitler
List of Adolf Hitler speeches
References
Further reading
1968 non-fiction books
Books about Adolf Hitler
Literature controversies
Ram Yadav may refer to:
Ram Baran Yadav (born 1948), Nepali politician and former President of Nepal
Ram Chandra Yadav (born 1961), Indian politician
Ram Gopal Yadav (born 1946), Indian politician and Member of Parliament
Ram Naresh Yadav (1928–2016), Indian politician and former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh
Ram Sharan Yadav (born 1926), Indian politician and Member of Parliament
The Okano River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Fournier is the name commonly applied to typefaces which are based on the typefaces of Parisian typefounder Pierre-Simon Fournier around the 1740s. Created in the Rococo style and influenced by the Romain du Roi typefaces commissioned by the French government in the previous century, Fournier's typefaces showed an advanced delicacy above what was previously common.
Modern Fournier revivals include Monotype Fournier, created by the Monotype Corporation of Britain in the 1920s, Barbou, an alternative revival designed simultaneously by Monotype but not entered into mass production, and Corundum by Joshua Darden.
References
External links
Fonts in Use
Fonts in Use, Barbou
Transitional serif typefaces
Monotype typefaces
Piparpanti is a village in the western part of Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 3,697, in 505 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Matthew Thomas Walker (born September 16, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder.
Career
Early career
Walker played four years of college soccer at Xavier University between 2010 and 2013. He also appeared for USL PDL side Michigan Bucks during their 2013 season.
Columbus Crew
Walker signed as a Homegrown Player with Columbus Crew on January 8, 2014. He was loaned out to their USL Pro affiliate Dayton Dutch Lions in March 2014.
References
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Soccer players from Cincinnati
Association football midfielders
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Xavier Musketeers men's soccer players
Flint City Bucks players
Columbus Crew players
Dayton Dutch Lions players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Parade of the West is a 1930 American Western film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Bennett Cohen and Leslie Mason. The film stars Ken Maynard, Gladys McConnell, Otis Harlan, Jack Hanlon, Frank Rice and Fred Burns. The film was released on January 19, 1930, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Ken Maynard as Bud Rand
Gladys McConnell as Mary Owens
Otis Harlan as Professor Clayton
Jack Hanlon as Billy Rand
Frank Rice as Snuffy
Fred Burns as Copeland
Bobby Dunn as Shorty
Stanley Blystone as Dude
Frank Yaconelli as Sicily Joe
Blue Washington as Sambo
Tarzan as Tarzan
Rex the Wonder Horse as Mankiller
References
External links
1930 films
1930s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1930 Western (genre) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Harry Joe Brown
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Hyalosperma is a genus of Australian flowering plants in the family Asteraceae.
Species
The species occur in all 6 states of Australia but not in the Northern Territory.
References
Gnaphalieae
Endemic flora of Australia
Asteraceae genera
Gråbrødretorv 6 is a building at the corner of Gråbrødretorv and Niels Hemmingsens Gade in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark. The oldest parts of the building date from the 1730s but it owes its current appearance to a reconstruction in 1818 and an adaptation undertaken by Valdemar Ingemann in 1881. It was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1945. Former residents include bishop Hans Lassen Martensen and businessman Jacob Heinrich Moresco.
History
18th century
The entire north side of the square was part of one large property in the late 17th century. In 1689, it was listed as No. 83 in Frimand's Quarter and owned by (16501691). Together with most of the other buildings in the area, the property was destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1728. Counter Admiral constructed a large new townhouse on the site in the early 1730s. It was later acquired by Wilhelm, Count Gyldencrone. The property was listed as No. 71 from 1756. The building comprised a 20-bay-long main wing on Ulfeldts Plads (now Gråbrødretorv) and a two-storey secondary wing on Trompetergangen (now Niels Hemmingsens Gade).
In 1782, Gyldencrone sold the corner of Ulfeldts Plads and Trompetergangen to court Peder Jensen. Jensen's property had a four-bay-long façade towards the square and an eight-bay-long façade towards the street. The doorways and other openings between the two properties were bricked up in connection with the sale. In 1795, Jensen bought an additional three bays towards the square and five bays towards the street.
19th century
The property was listed as No. 114 in the new cadastre of 1806. It was still owned by Jensen at the time.
The building was later acquired by master painter Carl Simon Hambro (1782–1831), younger brother of the successful businessman Joseph Hambro. Naval officer Peter Norden Sølling was a tenant in the building in 1817. His wife died while he lived there. The property was severely damaged by fire in 1817 or 1818. It was subsequently rebuilt with a significantly modified design. In connection with the fire, the property was divided into No. 114A towards the square and No. 114B in Trompetergangen.
Carl Simon Hambro was married to Jeannette Hambro née Nathansen. Their daughter Henriette Axeline (1808–1829) married the wealthy textile merchant Anders Ancker. The couple lived in the Ancker House at Ved Stranden 14. Henriette Axeline died when their son Carl Andreas Ancker (1828–1857) was still an infant and the boy was subsequently brought up by Jeannette Hambro. Carl Andreas Ancker would later create Det Anckerske Legat, a grant for artists. Bishop Hans Lassen Martensen was among the residents of the building from 1835 to 1838.
No. 114 was home to a total of 28 people at the time of the 1840 census. The owners, Jacob Samuel Jacobie and Johanne Jacobie née Israel, a wealthy Jewish couple living on their means, resided with their seven children (aged 4 to 23), a maid and three lodgers on the second floor. Christian Lund, a civil servant, resided on the first floor with his wife Anna Elisabeth Lund née Wedege, their four children and two maids. Peter Frederik Lempfort, an army captain, resided with his wife Margrethe Louise Lempfort née Lütken, their 17-year-old daughter Marie Ottine Frederikke Jacobine Lempfort and a maid on the ground floor. Anders Nielsen, an innkeeper, resided in the basement with his wife Karen Marie Nielsen and a maid.
At the time of the 1845 census, the Jacobie family was still residing in the apartment on the second floor. The only other resident from the 1840 census still living in the building was Peter Frederik Lempfert, now registered as a major in leave (), but with no mention of his wife and daughter. Jacobie's other tenants on the other floors were senior clerk in Generalitetet Carl von Holten, and assistant physician Corrielius Kueger with his wife Louise Kuiger née Suenson. The proprietor of the tavern in the basement was now Kresten Chrestensen Kiergegaard. He lived there with his wife Abel Frederikke Wilhelmmine née Købke and a maid.
The property was home to a total of 21 people at the time of the 1860 census. Jacob Samule Jacobsen was still residing on the second floor with his wife Hanna Jacobsen née Israel, three daughters and two maids. Anna Benedicte Stender, a 51-year-old woman, resided with her daughter Emma Hilde Stender and a maid on the first floor. Frederik Christian Frank, a former Royal Sword Master (), resided in the ground-floor apartment with his wife Johanne Christiane Beckling and a maid. Jens Petersen, an innkeeper, resided with his wife Christine Marie Petersen and their three children (aged two to ten). Anna Margrethe Madsen, a widowed greengrocer, was also residing in the basement with her two daughters (aged one and twelve).
Businessman Jacob Heinrich Moresco resided in the building from 1868. He had spent his childhood at Gråbrødretorv 14. In 1886, he left Gråbrødretorv for a large house in Ordrup.
20th century
The property was owned by Bodil Chr. Nielsen, a 60-year-old unmarried woman by 1906. She resided on the second floor with lodgers Ellis Bay and Erik Nissen Wending Kruse. Laura Andrea Dam, a 45-year-old widow employed with needlework, resided on the first floor. Dagmar Chr. Lassen and Johanne M. Syhes, a 39-year-old unmarried woman and a 64-year-old widow, resided in the garret.
Architecture
The building is constructed with three storeys over a walk-out basement. It has a six-bay-long façade on Gråbrødretorv, an eight-bay-long façade on Niels Hemmingsens Gade and a chamfered corner. The ground floor of the plastered façade is finished with shadow joints, painted grey and has green-painted doors and windows. The upper part of the façade, between a white belt course and the white-painted cornice, is rendered yellow with white-painted windows. The pitched roof is clad with red tile.
This design dates mostly from the reconstruction after the fire in 1818. The building was expanded at this point by one storey, the chamfered corner was created and the wing on Niels Hemmingsens Gade was shortened. A gate in the façade on Gråbrødretorv was removed in connection with an adaptation undertaken by Valdemar Ingemann in 1881.
Today
The property was merged with the surrounding properties in 2007. The ground floor is now part of Restaurant Haks Gluks at No. 9. A night club is based in the basement. There is a residential apartment on each of the upper floors.
References
External links
Source
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Residential buildings completed in 1818
1782 establishments in Denmark
The robust white-eye (Zosterops strenuus), also known as the Lord Howe white-eye or robust silvereye and locally as the "big grinnell", was a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It was endemic to the lowland forests of Lord Howe Island, east of Australia.
Description
It was a mainly green bird, around 7.6 cm long, with a white belly and yellow throat, which separated it from other species of white-eye.
The robust white-eye built loosely constructed, cup-shaped nests out of palm fibre and dried grasses, which were sometimes found in shrubs overgrown with vines. This made the species vulnerable to predation by black rats (Rattus rattus), which were accidentally introduced in 1918 following the grounding of the steamship S.S. Makambo on the island. Although once common, the bird was extinct by 1923.
Despite its small size, the bird was known to islanders as "big grinnell", to differentiate it from the much smaller but related "little grinnell", or Lord Howe silvereye (Zosterops lateralis tephropleurus), a subspecies of the silvereye. This subspecies is still hanging on, but is threatened with extinction.
References
Day, David (1981), The Encyclopedia of Vanished Species, London, Universal Books Ltd., pp109–110,
robust white-eye
Endemic birds of Australia
Extinct birds of Lord Howe Island
robust white-eye
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reluctant Island () is a small island off eastern Horseshoe Island. Surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1955–57. So named because of the feature's apparent reluctance to be recognized as an island; it did not appear on maps of the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) 1934–37 and was mapped as a peninsula by FIDS in 1948–50.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
List of hoards may refer to:
List of hoards in Britain
List of Bronze Age hoards in Britain
List of Iron Age hoards in Britain
List of Roman hoards in Britain
List of hoards in Ireland
List of hoards in the Channel Islands
List of hoards in Romania
List of hoards in Asia
Richard Avedon was an American fashion and portrait photographer.
Avedon may also refer to:
Avedon (record producer), Dutch record producer
Avedon (surname), a surname
Avedon Carol (21st century), American feminist
{{Infobox beauty pageant|photo=| the best national costume=Wanmai Thammavong|withdraws=|returns=|next=2018|before=2015|photogenic=Stacy Biano|congeniality=|broadcaster=Channel 3 (Thailand)|caption=|venue=Pattaya, Thailand|placements=10|entrants=29|acts=Trixie MaristelaMiss International Queen 2015|presenters=|date=7 March 2016|winner=Jiratchaya Sirimongkolnawin|debuts=}}Miss International Queen 2016, the 12th Miss International Queen pageant, was held on March 6, 2016, at Pattaya City in Thailand. Trixie Maristela of the Philippines crowned her successor, Jiratchaya Sirimongkolnawin of Thailand at the end of the event. '''
Result
Special Awards
Best in Talent
Contestants
29 contestants competed for the title.
References
External links
2017 beauty pageants
2017
Beauty pageants in Thailand
Monday Night at Eight ia a weekly BBC radio magazine and variety programme that was broadcast live on the BBC Home Service, with Ronnie Waldman doing the interviews and announcements, produced by Harry S. Pepper.
The programme was launched in April 1937 on the BBC National Programme under the title Monday Night at Seven, running from 7pm to 8pm. In October 1939 it was changed to "Monday Night at Eight", with the start time being put back to 8pm and the show ran in this time slot until 1948. The change of time was due to longer working hours during World War II, thus enabling more people to listen.
The formats for both programmes were similar. The first part consisted of interviews of all types of people; then there was a musical break, and the final part was a radio detective play. Initially it was Inspector Hornleigh Investigates, but in 1942 a new series called Dr Morelle was introduced. Another feature that was started on Monday Night at Eight was Puzzle Corner, also used in later programmes, and the weekly 'Deliberate Mistake'. Popular comedians Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch contributed "Chestnut Corner". One weekly comedy sketch was "The Dooms". These were a family of witches and warlocks who had strange adventures at home. When all was quiet at the end, Mrs Drusilla Doom (Hermione Gingold) would ask her husband (Alfred Marks) in a sepulchral voice - "Tea, Edmond ?" (pause) "Milluck ?" (i.e. milk).
Another regular feature of each show was a record of the life of "Old Ebenezer", a night watchman sitting in front of his brazier in a road where repairs were taking place. Fantastic stories were recounted, after which Ebenezer would give way to his astonishment with his famous catch phrase, "Well I'll be jiggered!". "Old Ebenezer" was voiced by character actor Richard Goolden.
Several actors and singers had their radio debut on Monday Night at Eight. The singer Anne Shelton had her debut in 1940 and Julie Andrews appeared with her mother and stepfather in 1947.
After the change of time, the lyrics of the signature tune at the beginning of the show were:
It's Monday night at eight o'clock, oh can't you hear the chimes?
They're telling you to take an easy chair,
To settle by the fireside, take out your Radio Times,
For Monday Night at Eight is on the air.
At the end of every programme:
Produced by Harry Pepper, and Ronnie Waldman too,
We hope the programme hasn't caused a frown
So goodbye everybody, it's time to say goodnight,
For Monday Night at Eight is closing down.
See also
Another BBC show of a similar nature was In Town Tonight, which was broadcast in the same period on a Saturday night.
References
BBC Home Service programmes
1937 radio programme debuts
1948 radio programme endings
Luis Argel (born 1 September 1959) is an Argentine skier. He competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Argentine male biathletes
Argentine male cross-country skiers
Olympic biathletes of Argentina
Olympic cross-country skiers of Argentina
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Horaiclavus adenensis is a species of sea snails, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Horaiclavidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 4 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off the Gulf of Aden.
References
Bonfitto A. & Morassi M. (2014) Two new Horaiclavus (Horaiclavidae, Conoidea) species from the Indo-Pacific region. Zootaxa 3821(1): 146–150
External links
adenensis
Gastropods described in 2014
Sant'Agnese may refer to:
Sant'Agnese, Castellina in Chianti, a village in Tuscany, frazione of the comune of Castellina in Chianti, province of Siena
Sant'Agnese - Annibaliano (Rome Metro), an underground station on Line B of the Rome Metro
Churches
Sant'Agnese, Lodi, a Gothic-style, Augustinian church in Lodi, Lombardy
Sant'Agnese, Padua, a 14th-century Roman Catholic in Padua, Veneto
Sant'Agnese fuori le mura, a titulus church, minor basilica in Rome
See also
Saint Agnes (disambiguation)
Central Building may refer to:
Central Building (Hong Kong)
BMW Central Building, Leipzig, Germany
New York Central Building
Dudua tetanota is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and India.
References
Moths described in 1909
Olethreutini
Martin Meyerson (November 14, 1922 – June 2, 2007) was an American city planner and academic leader best known for serving as the President of the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) from 1970 to 1981. Meyerson, through his research, mentorship, essays and consulting, exerted formative influence on U.S. postwar urban policy at the municipal and federal levels.
Career
Meyerson was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1922 and graduated from Columbia University. He then obtained his MA in city planning from Harvard University, and began working for the Philadelphia City Planning Commission. In 1948, he became an assistant professor at the University of Chicago.
In 1952 Meyerson came to University of Pennsylvania as associate professor of city and regional planning (in the Graduate School of Fine Arts). In 1957 he moved to Harvard as a full professor (the "Williams Professor"). From 1963 to 1966 he served as dean of the College of Environmental Design at the University of California, Berkeley; he was the acting chancellor in 1965 during the student unrest there, and is credited with helping to defuse the tension that had built up on that campus. According to UC President Clark Kerr, Meyerson thereby became the first Jew to serve as the leader of a major American research university, but he was unable to secure a permanent appointment as chancellor due to a combination of tactical errors on his part and antisemitism among the UC Board of Regents.
From 1966 to 1970, Meyerson was professor of public policy and president of the State University of New York at Buffalo. At the University at Buffalo, he broke ground and laid plans for the Amherst Campus, and presided over a period when students were active in demonstrating for rights. In 1970, he returned to Penn as its president. He remained in that post until 1981. During his tenure, he consolidated several colleges and programs into the school of arts and sciences and introduced its first affirmative action and equal opportunity programs for minorities and women.
After Penn
Meyerson retired from the university presidency in January 1981, but remained active at Penn as University Professor of Public Policy Analysis and City and Regional Planning and as chair of the University of Pennsylvania Foundation, the University of Pennsylvania Press (1984-1997; then chair emeritus), the Institute for Research on Higher Education, and the Monell Chemical Senses Center. He co-chaired Penn's 250th anniversary celebration (1990). He served on the boards of the Mahoney Institute of Neurological Sciences, the Lauder Institute of Management and International Studies, and the Institute for Strategic Threat Analysis and Response. He chaired the University's Fels Center of Government program until February 1996. In 1993 he and his wife were elected as co-presidents of the Friends of the Library, in which capacity they served on the Library's Board of Overseers.
Meyerson headed the selection committee for the Philadelphia Liberty Medal (1988 to 2005).
An expert on urban and industrial development, Meyerson was a United Nations advisor and delegate, as well as a consultant to several West African nations and to the Governor of the Tokyo Metropolitan Area. He founded London's Centre for Environmental Studies and Japan's International Centre for the Study of East Asian Development. He was an advisor to France's Institut National de la Communication Audiovisuelle. He chaired the International Institute for Education and President of the International Association of Universities. He held leadership positions with many US organizations dedicated to urban affairs, education, science, foreign policy, conservation, and the arts. He served on several White House task forces and on the councils of government agencies.
Meyerson was a trustee and senior fellow of the Aspen Institute and held planning positions with the Chicago Housing Authority, Chicago's Michael Reese Hospital, and the Philadelphia City Planning Commission. He was also a director of a number of corporations, a member of the Senior Executives Council of the Conference Board, and a senior advisor to Arthur D. Little.
Meyerson was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Royal Society of Arts in Great Britain, the American Institute of Certified Planners, and an academician of the European Academy for Arts, Sciences, and Letters. He was on the executive committee of the American Philosophical Society and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the National Academy of Education.
He was also decorated by the governments of France, Italy, and Japan. He received numerous prizes and held over 20 honorary degrees, including a doctor of laws degree conferred by Penn in 1970.
Published works
Meyerson's books included:
Politics, Planning, and Public Interest
Housing, People, and Cities
Face of the Metropolis
Boston: The Job Ahead
Gladly Learn and Gladly Teach (with Dr. Dilys Winegrad, director and curator of the Arthur Ross Gallery)
Franklin and His Heirs at the University of Pennsylvania, 1740-1976.
Personal
Meyerson married Margy Ellin in 1946. They had two sons and a daughter. He died of prostate cancer in June 2007.
References
1922 births
2007 deaths
Columbia University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Leaders of the University at Buffalo
Leaders of the University of California, Berkeley
People from Brooklyn
Chief Administrators of the University of Pennsylvania
Members of the American Philosophical Society
People from Buffalo, New York
The 869th Bombardment Squadron is a former United States Army Air Forces unit. It was assigned to the 497th Bombardment Group, and was last stationed at MacDill Field, Florida where it was inactivated on 31 March 1946. The squadron was activated in late 1943. After training in the United States, it moved to Saipan, where it served in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan with Twentieth Air Force, flying Boeing B-29 Superfortress aircraft in the Pacific Theater of Operations, where it earned two Distinguished Unit Citations. Following V-J Day, the squadron returned to the United States and briefly became part of Strategic Air Command before inactivating.
History
The squadron was established in late 1943 as the 869th Bombardment Squadron at El Paso Army Air Base, Texas, a Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment squadron that was one of the original operational squadrons of the 497th Bombardment Group. The squadron's initial cadre was drawn from the 491st Bombardment Group.
In December the squadron moved on paper to Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico. At Clovis, the squadron began to man its air echelon by January 1944. The 869th drew heavily on aircrews of the 480th Antisubmarine Group who were returning to the United States from duty in England and Africa to fill out its crews. Aircrew training at Clovis was limited to ground training, although some flying in Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and Consolidated B-24 Liberator aircraft assigned to the 73d Bombardment Wing was accomplished. Key personnel trained with the Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics at Orlando Army Air Base, Florida.
In April 1944, the squadron's air and ground echelons united at Pratt Army Air Field. Here the 869th finally received newly manufactured Boeing B-29 Superfortresses the following month, although it continued to fly B-17s due to continuing engine problems with the B-29s. In May the United States Army Air Forces reorganized its very heavy bombardment units. The 872d Bombardment Squadron and support units of the 497th group were inactivated and their personnel absorbed into the 869th and the remaining squadrons of the group.
The 869th deployed to the Pacific Theater of Operations, with the ground echelon sailing 30 July on the SS Fairisle, passing through Honolulu and Eniwetok before arriving at Saipan on 20 September. Upon arrival the squadron's personnel were engaged in construction. By mid-October most personnel were able to move into Quonset huts from the tents that they were assigned on their arrival. The aircrews began departing from Kansas on 6 October, ferrying their aircraft to Saipan via a 6500 nautical mile route, with the last B-29 arriving on 30 October. At Saipan the unit became part of the XXI Bomber Command at Isely Field.
The squadron began operations on 28 October 1944 with a night attack against the submarine pens at Truk Islands and attacks against Iwo Jima in early November. The squadron took part in the first attack on Japan by AAF planes based in the Marianas. On 24 November 1944 Major Robert Morgan, the squadron commander, led the first mission of XXI Bomber Command to bomb Japan, with wing commander Brigadier Gen. Emmett O'Donnell, Jr. as co-pilot. 110 aircraft of the 73rd Bombardment Wing bombed Tokyo during this mission. Major Morgan and his crew had flown a solo mission on 10 November using radio countermeasures equipment to obtain information on the disposition of Japanese early warning and gun control radars. The 869th flew missions against strategic objectives in Japan, originally in daylight and from high altitude. It was also tasked with "Weather Strike" missions which were single ship flights flown nightly to obtain weather information for target areas in Japan while making incendiary attacks on various targets.
The squadron received a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC) for a mission on 27 January 1945. Although weather conditions prevented the group from bombing its primary objective, the unescorted B-29's withstood severe enemy attacks to strike an alternate target, the industrial area of Hamamatsu. It was awarded a second DUC for attacking strategic centers in Japan during July and August 1945. The squadron assisted the assault on Okinawa in April 1945 by bombing enemy airfields to reduce air attacks against the invasion force. Beginning on 19 March and continuing until the end of the war, the squadron ran incendiary raids against Japan, flying at night and at low altitude to bomb area targets. The unit released propaganda leaflets over the Japanese home islands, continuing strategic bombing raids and incendiary attacks until the Japanese surrender in August 1945.
After V-J Day, the 869th dropped supplies to Allied prisoners. In November 1945 the unit returned to the United States where it became part of Continental Air Forces (CAF) at March Field, California. In January 1945, the 869th moved to MacDill Field, Florida. In March 1946 CAF became Strategic Air Command (SAC), and the squadron was one of SAC's first bombardment squadrons. Demobilization, however, was in full swing and the squadron turned in its aircraft and was inactivated on 31 March.
Lineage
Constituted as the 869th Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 31 March 1946
Assignments
497th Bombardment Group: 20 November 1943 – 31 March 1946
Stations
El Paso Army Air Base, Texas, 20 November 1943
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 1 December 1943
Pratt Army Air Field, Kansas, 13 April 1944 – 17 July 1944
Isely Field, Saipan, 17 September 1944 – 1 November 1945
Camp Stoneman, California, 14 November 1945
March Field, California, c. 26 November 1945
MacDill Field, Florida, c. 5 January 1946 – 31 March 1946
Awards and campaigns
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1946
See also
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 1943
World War II strategic bombing units
Westphalia (; ; ) is a region of northwestern Germany and one of the three historic parts of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has an area of and 7.9 million inhabitants.
The territory of the region is almost identical with the historic Province of Westphalia, which was a part of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1815 to 1918 and the Free State of Prussia from 1918 to 1946. In 1946, Westphalia merged with North Rhine, another former part of Prussia, to form the newly created state of North Rhine-Westphalia. In 1947, the state with its two historic parts was joined by a third one: Lippe, a former principality and free state.
The seventeen districts and nine independent cities of Westphalia and the single district of Lippe are members of the Westphalia-Lippe Regional Association (Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe).
Previous to the formation of Westphalia as a province of Prussia and later state part of North Rhine-Westphalia, the term "Westphalia" was applied to different territories of different sizes such as the western part of the ancient Duchy of Saxony, the Duchy of Westphalia or the Kingdom of Westphalia. The Westphalian language, a variant of the Low German language, is spoken beyond modern Westphalia's borders in neighbouring southwestern Lower Saxony and northwestern Hesse.
Geography
Landscapes
Being a part of the North German Plain, most of Westphalia's north is flat. In the south the German Central Uplands emerge. Westphalia is divided into the following landscapes.
Flat to hilly ( and under): East Westphalia, Münsterland, eastern Ruhr Metropolitan Area, Tecklenburg Land, Westphalian Hellweg
Hilly to mountainous (up to ): Westphalian part of the Sauerland, Siegerland, Wittgenstein
Largest cities
Rivers
Westphalia is roughly the region in between the rivers Rhine and Weser, located both north and south of the Ruhr River. Other important rivers are the Ems and the Lippe.
Mountains
The Langenberg () and the Kahler Asten () in the Sauerland part of the Rothaar Mountains are Westphalia's and also North Rhine-Westphalia's highest mountains.
Westphalia and Eastphalia
The term "Westphalia" contrasts with the much less used term "Eastphalia", which roughly covers the southeastern part of the present-day state of Lower Saxony, western Saxony-Anhalt and northern Thuringia.
Division
Westphalia is divided into three governmental districts. These are subdivided into further districts and independent cities.
All districts and independent cities of the governmental districts of Arnsberg and Münster are considered to be a part of Westphalia as a historic region. The District of Lippe as successor of the Free State of Lippe in the Governmental District of Detmold is rather considered to be a separate historic region.
Symbols
Coat of arms
Current use
The traditional symbol of Westphalia is the Westphalian Steed: a white horse on a red field. It is derived from the Saxon Steed in the coat of arms of the medieval Duchy of Saxony which most of today's Westphalia was part of. In official contexts the coat of arms of Westphalia is being used by the Westphalia-Lippe Regional Association, which represents these two historic parts of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The coat of arms of North Rhine-Westphalia uses the Westphalian Steed to represent Westphalia as one of its parts alongside the Lippish Rose representing Lippe and the Rhine River representing the Northern Rhineland.
Previous use
Prussia already used the Westphalian Steed in the coat of arms of its Province of Westphalia.
Similar versions
The coat of arms of Lower Saxony uses a different version of the Saxon Steed since the state also covers large parts of the Old Saxons' duchy.
Flag
Current use
The colours of Westphalia are white and red. The flag of the Westphalia-Lippe Regional Association uses these colours with the Westphalian coat of arms in its centre.
The flag of North Rhine-Westphalia is a combination of the Northern Rhineland's colours green/white and the Westphalian white/red.
Previous use
The flag of the Prussian Province of Westphalia already displayed the colours white and red.
Similar versions
The flag of Lower Saxony shows the colours of Germany and the Saxon Steed.
Anthem
Composed in Iserlohn in 1886 by Emil Rittershaus, the Westfalenlied is an unofficial anthem of Westphalia.
Identity
While the Northern Rhineland, Westphalia and Lippe are different historic territories of today's North Rhine-Westphalia, the old border between the former Rhine Province and the Province of Westphalia is also a language border. While in Westphalia and Lippe, people tend to speak West Low German dialects and especially the Westphalian variant of the Low German language, Central German and Low Franconian dialects are spoken in the Northern Rhineland.
These different regional identities are often being emphasized by different majorities of denomination between Roman Catholics and Lutheran Protestants. The different majorities date back to the days of the territorial fragmentation of the Holy Roman Empire (of the German Nation) which existed until 1806. The Münsterland and the region around Paderborn for instance are still mainly Catholic regions because of the former existence of the prince-bishoprics of Münster and Paderborn. The mainly Reformed Lippe was even able to retain its independence as a small state within Germany in the form of a principality until 1918 and as a free state until 1946. This continues to influence the identity of its people who often distinguish themselves from neighbouring regions such as East Westphalia.
In addition to these historic, lingual and religious aspects, there are some regional differences in culture and mentality. That is why many of the citizens of North Rhine-Westphalia rather see themselves either as "Rhinelanders", "Westphalians" or "Lippers" rather than as "North Rhine-Westphalians".
History
Westphalia is known for the 1648 Peace of Westphalia which ended the Thirty Years' War, as the two treaties were signed in Münster and Osnabrück.
It is one of the regions that were part of all incarnations of the German state since the Early Middle Ages: the Holy Roman Empire, the Confederation of the Rhine, the German Confederation, the North German Confederation, the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and National Socialist Germany. After World War II it was a part of the British occupation zone which merged with the American zone to become the Bizone in 1947 and again merged with the French zone to become the Trizone in 1948. The current Federal Republic of Germany was founded on these territories making Westphalia a part of West Germany. It is a part of united Germany since 1990.
Roman incursion
Around AD 1 there were numerous incursions through Westphalia and perhaps even some permanent Roman or Romanized settlements. The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest took place near Osnabrück, which at this time was a place of settlement of the Westphalians, who were a part of the Germanic tribe of the Saxons. Some of the tribes who fought at this battle came from the area of Westphalia.
Charlemagne
Charlemagne is thought to have spent considerable time in Paderborn and nearby parts. His Saxon Wars also partly took place in what is thought of as Westphalia today. Popular legends link his adversary Widukind to places near Detmold, Bielefeld, Lemgo, Osnabrück and other places in Westphalia. Widukind was buried in Enger, which is also a subject of a legend.
Middle Ages
Along with Eastphalia, Angria and Nordalbingia, Westphalia (Westfalahi) was originally a district of the Duchy of Saxony. At the time, large portions of its territory in the north lay in what today is Lower Saxony. Following the deposition of the Saxon duke Henry the Lion in 1180 and the subsequent belittlement of the duchy, Westphalia was elevated to a duchy in its own right by Emperor Barbarossa. The Duchy of Westphalia comprised only a small area south of the Lippe River.
Modern Westphalia was a part of the Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle of the Holy Roman Empire, which comprised territories of Lower Lorraine, Frisia and parts of the former Duchy of Saxony.
Early modern era
As a result of the Protestant Reformation, there was no dominant religion in Westphalia. Roman Catholicism and Lutheranism were on a relatively equal footing. Lutheranism was strong in the eastern and northern parts with numerous free churches. Münster and especially Paderborn were considered to be Catholic. Osnabrück was divided almost equally between Catholicism and Protestantism.
Parts of Westphalia came under Brandenburg-Prussian control during the 17th and 18th centuries, but most of it remained divided by duchies and other areas of feudal power. The Peace of Westphalia of 1648, signed in Münster and Osnabrück, ended the Thirty Years' War. The concept of nation-state sovereignty resulting from the treaty became known as "Westphalian sovereignty".
Prussia
After the defeat of the Prussian Army by the French at the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt, the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807 made the easternmost portion of today's Westphalia part of the French client Kingdom of Westphalia until 1813, when the kingdom was dissolved by the Russians. While this state shared its name with the historical region, it only contained a relatively small part of Westphalia, rather consisting of mostly Hessian and Eastphalian regions.
Following to the Congress of Vienna, Prussia received a large amount of territories in the Westphalian region and created the Province of Westphalia in 1815. After in 1816, the former Duchy of Westphalia and the counties of Wittgenstein and in 1851 the condominium of Lippstadt had joined the province, Westphalia had received its modern territorial shape.
In 1816, the governmental districts of Arnsberg, Minden and Münster were created.
Modern Westphalia
After World War II in 1946, the present state of North Rhine-Westphalia was created by the British military government from the former Prussian Province of Westphalia and the northern half of the former Prussian Rhine Province. The old governmental districts of 1816 stayed in place. When in 1947 the former Free State of Lippe with its capital Detmold joined North Rhine-Westphalia, the "Governmental District of Minden" was enlarged by this territory and renamed "Governmental District of Detmold". In total, North Rhine-Westphalia is subdivided into five governmental districts (Regierungsbezirke). Westphalia today consists of the old governmental districts of Arnsberg and Münster and of Detmold except of the District of Lippe which is a separate historical region and state part of North Rhine-Westphalia. Inhabitants of the region call themselves Westphalians and their home region Westphalia even though there is no administrative division by that name.
Economy
Westphalia is home to the headquarters of Westfalia-Werke, the contractor that built the Volkswagen Westfalia Campers.
In popular culture
Candide: The protagonist of Voltaire's novella of the same name, resides in Westphalia in the beginning of the story.
See also
Westphalian ham
References
External links
Internet-Portal Westfälische Geschichte
Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe
Land of North Rhine-Westphalia
Deutsches Kaiserreich: Provinz Westfalen
Regions of Lower Saxony
Regions of North Rhine-Westphalia
Johann Wohler (born 14 January 1985) is a Namibian rugby union player. His regular position is hooker, but he can also play as a loose-forward.
Rugby career
Wohler was born in Rehoboth, then in South-West Africa, but part of modern-day Namibia. He represented the Namibian Under-19 team at the Under 19 Rugby World Championship held in South Africa in 2004, and made two test appearances for in 2005, against – where he scored a try – and . He also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup competitions since 2016.
External links
References
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1985 births
People from Rehoboth, Namibia
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union flankers
Namibia international rugby union players
Yinchuan Xihuayuan Airport was the former main airport of Yinchuan, Ningxia, China. It was built on orders of Ningxia governor Ma Hongkui in 1935 as a military airport with a gravel runway. The airport was closed from September 1949 to September 1958. In 1958, the airport was renovated to welcome the establishment of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, of which Yinchuan became the capital. After the renovation, the Xihuayuan Airport had a gravel runway with a length of 1415 meters and a width of 40 meters. On 20 October 1958, a CAAC Il-14 passenger plane landed at the airport, marking the official resumption of flights at the airport.
In September 1986, the airport was expanded and became a 3C-class airport, being able to handle aircraft like the BAe 146 under 50 tons. The airport ceased operations in September 1997 due to the facilities being in need of upgrading and lack of expansion room. Its function was taken over by Yinchuan Hedong Airport.
The airport was the only airport in China serving a provincial capital that still had a gravel runway. At night, the runway was lit using lanterns, and during the rainy season the airport would often flood.
The airport terminal was preserved as a protected cultural heritage site by the Yinchuan Cultural Relics Department.
Airlines and Destinations
The airport could not handle larger aircraft such as the Boeing 737 or the Airbus A320, so smaller aircraft are commonly used instead. It is usually flooded with stagnant water during rainy seasons and flights usually stopped temporarily due to the reason. It was instead closed after 62 years in service due to poor management and poor basic equipment and poor designs.
Accidents
On July 23, 1993, China Northwest Airlines Flight 2119 crashed into a lake and broke apart while attempting its second takeoff from the airport. At least 59 of the 113 persons aboard the aircraft were killed.
References
Defunct airports in China
Yinchuan
Airports in Ningxia
Marcus Octavius was a name used for men among the gens Octavia. Marcus was one of the four chief praenomina used by the Octavii, the other three being Gaius, Gnaeus and Lucius. The most known member was the tribunus plebis in 133 BC and colleague-turned-opponent of Tiberius Gracchus.
Marcus Octavius also refers to men from several families of the gens Octavia:
Relatives of Augustus, member of the so-called Octavii Rufi:
Marcus Octavius, tribune of the Plebs in 133 BC, political opponent of Tiberius Gracchus, possibly son of Gnaeus Octavius, consul in 165 BC;
Marcus Octavius, tribune of the Plebs in an uncertain year, brought forward a law raising the corn's price;
Marcus Octavius, aedile in 50 BC, possibly grandson of the tribune of the Plebs in an uncertain year, a partisan of Pompey during the Civil War;
Marcus Octavius, admiral of Mark Antony's fleet at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC.
Members of other families:
Marcus Octavius Ligur, tribune of the Plebs in 82 BC with his brother, Lucius Octavius Ligur;
Marcus Octavius Laenas Curtianus, one of the distinguished men who supplicated the judges on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus, in 54 BC;
Marcus Octavius Herennius, trader, then the builder of a chapel to Hercules near the Porta Trigemina.
Octavii
The 1918 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 5, 1918. Incumbent Republican governor Martin Brumbaugh was not a candidate for re-election. Republican candidate William Sproul defeated Democratic candidate Eugene C. Bonniwell to become Governor of Pennsylvania.
Results
References
1918
Pennsylvania
Gubernatorial
November 1918 events
Suttons Seeds is a long established supplier of seeds, bulbs, and other horticultural products. Today based in the English town of Paignton, the company supplies its products worldwide, and until 2014 was part of the Vilmorin Clause & Compagnie group of companies.
History
Founding
Suttons Seeds were founded in the Berkshire town of Reading in 1806 by John Sutton (1777-1863). Originally the company traded as corn merchants and were known as the 'House of Sutton'. In 1832 John Sutton was joined in the business by his sons, Martin Hope Sutton (1815-1901) and Alfred Sutton (died 1897).
In 1837, the business moved to Reading's Market Place, where the sons persuaded their father to expand into the flower and vegetable seed trade. From this time on the firm progressed and expanded rapidly, earning a reputation for supplying pure, unadulterated seed.
The Market Place shop occupied a prominent position overlooking the Saturday vegetable and general market. Martin Hope acquired nursery grounds in Queens Road along with a greenhouse. By mid-1838 he began selling greenhouse plants, many of the bulbs coming from local nurseries, but some from the Netherlands. In 1836 Martin Hope, aged 21 years, became a partner and the 'House of Sutton' became Sutton & Son.
Suttons established their own laboratory to test seeds for germination and purity in 1840. In the same year, the company became one of the first to take advantage of the opening of the Great Western Railway through Reading. The railway was responsible both for bringing in large consignments of seeds and bulbs, and for carrying outgoing mail orders to all parts of the country.
Royal patronage
Suttons received royal patronage in 1858, when Queen Victoria requested Martin Hope Sutton to supply seeds to the royal household. Suttons Seeds have held a Royal Warrant ever since, and are currently suppliers to Queen Elizabeth.
In 1873, extensive new offices and warehouses replaced the original premises, albeit still fronting Market Place. These occupied a considerable part of central Reading, stretching back apremises included offices, different store rooms for various seeds and bulbs, an exhibition department, stables and even a works fire station. During the 1880s the company funded a Mission Room in Albert Road Reading and presumably employed a Mission Woman, Susan Warwick. (Census 1881)
20th century
In 1911, the company donated money towards the setting up of a new hall at the then University College Reading (later to become the University of Reading), providing half the funds for Wessex Hall (Brown, 2006).
In 1962, Suttons moved again to new show grounds and premises on the then main A4 road just to the east of Reading. In 1965, Suttons were the first company to offer foil packets to the amateur gardener in the UK. The company relocated from Reading to Torquay in the county of Devon in 1976 and in 1998 moved again to brand-new premises in the nearby town of Paignton.
In December 2014, the company was taken over by a management buyout.
The Museum of English Rural Life holds records for the company including accounts, administrative and commercial records, publications and advertising, international photographic records, records of exhibitions and personal records plus over 100 objects used and made by Suttons, including sacks, signs and seeds.
References and sources
References
Sources
Suttons Seeds (2005). Suttons Seeds - History. Retrieved August 12, 2005.
Brown, C. (2006). Four Score & More. Reading: The University of Reading Press
Family Tree of Frederick Chater-Jack Family Tree of Frederick Chater Jack (Tree Format)
Family Tree of Frederick Chater-Jack Family Tree of Frederick Chater-Jack (List format)
External links
Horticultural companies of the United Kingdom
Seed companies
Companies based in Reading, Berkshire
History of Berkshire
Companies based in Devon
British Royal Warrant holders
Paignton
1806 establishments in England
British companies established in 1806
Andrey Alekseyevich Nechayev (; born February 2, 1953, Moscow) is a Russian politician, scientist and economist. He is best known for being the first Minister of Economic Development of new Russia, from 1992-1993 (Viktor Chernomyrdin's First Cabinet). Nechayev is one of the authors and active participants in the program of market-oriented economic reforms in Russia.
Biography
Nechayev is a Doctor of Economics, Professor (2002), author of 25 books (including co-authored), and almost 300 scientific publications on economic developments and policies. Academician of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, Academician of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences and the . Professor of Plekhanov Russian University of Economics.
Nechayev is chairman of the party Civic Initiative.
He was the president of the state owned Russian Financial Corporation (RFK) () from 1993 until 2005 when it was privatized and he continued as president of Bank "Russian Financial Corporation" or RFK-Bank () from 2005 to 2013.
Since 2013, he has been a lobbyist for Rusconsult (). Through his and his daughter's ownership of Rusconsult which owns the controlling stake in RFK-Bank, he has been a pivotal lobbyist for state and government contracts, which must have accounts with RFK-Bank or its subsidiaries, including contracts with the Gazprom subsidiaries Gazprom-UGS () and Tsentrenergogaz or Centerenergogaz ().
Personal life
His daughter Ksenia Nechayevna () is married to Nikolai Vitalyevich Tkachenko (; b. 1978) whom Gazprom hired as an executive Deputy Head of the Department for Corporate Costs Management after Nechayev gave strong support. After Tkachenko gained access to Gazprom's secret maps of non-ferrous deposits, the Nechayev family acquired the Nerud North-West LLC () and placed Svetlana Sergiyenko (), who was the general director of Rusconsult, in charge of the firm. After Tkachenko's younger brother Yevgeny Tkachenko () graduated from Moscow State University, he was immediately hired as a consultant for KPMG and, subsequently, KPMG, which rarely received Gazprom tenders, began auditing numerous Gazprom activities including various aspects of the Nord Stream project.
Notes
References
External links
Biography
1953 births
Living people
Economists from Moscow
Economy ministers of Russia
Moscow State University alumni
Union of Right Forces politicians
Russian activists against the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Russian liberals
Plekhanov Russian University of Economics faculty
Keuken Rock () is a large insular rock lying off the Vestfold Hills, Antarctica, about southwest of Barratt Island. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for J. Keuken, a weather observer at Davis Station in 1959.
References
Rock formations of Princess Elizabeth Land
Devin Shore (born July 19, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected by the Dallas Stars in the second round (61st overall) of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Shore played for his high school hockey team the Archbishop Denis O'Connor (DOC) Chargers in Ajax Ontario. He attended The Hill Academy.
On May 17, 2011, Shore committed to play NCAA hockey with the Maine Black Bears of the NCAA Men's Division I Hockey East conference.
While majoring in finance, Shore played 38 games for the Maine Black Bears during his freshman season. At the conclusion of the season, Shore was named to the Hockey East Academic All-Star Team and HockeyEast All-Academic Team.
In his second year, Shore played 35 games as he led Maine in scoring with 14 goals and 29 assists for 43 points. Shore's outstanding play was rewarded with a selection to the 2013–14 All-Hockey East First Team. He was also named a Second Team All-American and Maine Scholar-Athlete Award.
On March 17, 2014, Shore was named captain of the Black Bears for the 2014–15 season. Upon completion of his junior season as Captain of the Black Bears in 2014–15 season, Shore ended his collegiate career in agreeing to a three-year entry-level contract with the Dallas Stars on March 10, 2015. He was then signed to an amateur try-out contract with the Stars AHL affiliate in Texas to finish the season.
Shore was assigned by the Stars during the pre-season to begin the 2015–16 season in Texas. He got off to a quick start in his rookie campaign, as he was selected as the AHL's player of the month in October with 8 goals and 3 assists for 11 points with a plus 7 rating in 9 games. He was placed second in the AHL in goals before he received his first recall to the NHL by the Dallas Stars on November 1, 2015. He made his NHL debut against the Boston Bruins on November 12, 2015.
Shore scored his first career NHL goal in a 6–5 loss against the Colorado Avalanche on October 15, 2016.
In his third full season with the Stars in 2018–19, having contributed with 17 points in 42 games, Shore was traded to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for Andrew Cogliano on January 14, 2019. Shore played out the season with the Ducks, contributing with 12 points in 34 games.
On February 24, 2020, Shore was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Sonny Milano. He added a goal and assist in 6 games with the Blue Jackets before the season was paused due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On the club's return to play, Shore went scoreless in two post-season games.
As an restricted free agent with the Blue Jackets organization, Shore was not tendered a qualifying offer, releasing him to free agency on October 6, 2020. Approaching training camp unsigned for the delayed 2020–21 season, Shore accepted an invitation to attend the Edmonton Oilers training camp on a professional tryout basis. Upon the conclusion of camp, Shore was signed to a one-year, two-way contract with the Oilers on January 14, 2021, and immediately placed on waivers.
On June 9, 2021, Shore signed a two-year contract extension with the Oilers.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Anaheim Ducks players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Canadian sportspeople of Filipino descent
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Dallas Stars draft picks
Dallas Stars players
Edmonton Oilers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Maine Black Bears men's ice hockey players
People from Ajax, Ontario
Texas Stars players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
The 14th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 14වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1985 Sinhala cinema on July 19, 1986, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Srimani Athulathmudali was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Suddilage Kathaawa won the most awards with seven including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1986 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Sri Aurobindo College (Evening) is a co-ed constituent college of the University of Delhi in New Delhi, India. The college is situated on Basant Kaur Marg and is well connected by Delhi's public bus transport system. It is a two-minute walk from the Malviya Nagar Metro station. Various societies in the college have year-round activities carried out by the students. The college organizes academic activities that include lectures, talks, seminars, workshops, and presentations on a regular basis.
Notable Alumni - Harsh Beniwal
Neeraj Pandey (Director)
Departments
The college currently has the following departments:
Music
History
English
Hindi
Economics
Applied Psychology
Political Science
Commerce
Physical Education
Sanskrit
Cultural fest
The annual fest of Sri Aurobindo College Evening is Exuberance (Sargam), and is an inter-college festival. Exuberance acts as a choir of various musical events, ranging from sufi to pop and rock-n-roll. Other events include literary events and fashion shows. The festival has seen massive participation by students.
Admissions process
The college acts in accordance to the Delhi University Centralized Admission Procedure. Admission to a course of study is based on a cut-off percentage announced through the university in June every year. Prospective students should have completed 12 years of study and must have scored equivalent to, or more than, the given cut-off percentage in previous qualifying examination.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
List of institutions of higher education in Delhi
References
External links
Official website
Aurobindo College, Delhi
Universities and colleges in Delhi
Educational institutions established in 1984
1984 establishments in Delhi
Alex Davis (born 3 October 1992) is an English rugby union player. He has represented the England national rugby sevens team.
Early and personal life
Davis was born in Gloucester, grew up in Bristol and he attended Queen Elizabeth's Hospital school in Clifton where he was also a keen cricketer. He went back and coached rugby at his old school during the Covid-19 pandemic He later attended Loughborough University.
Rugby career
Davis was selected for the England national rugby sevens team for the 2016 Olympics in Brazil but was ruled out from appearing through injury. Two years later he was part England squad that won bronze at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia, and was then also part of the team that won silver at the 2018 Rugby World Cup Sevens in San Francisco. He was named captain of the England squad for the 2022 Rugby World Cup Sevens held in Cape Town, South Africa in September 2022.
References
1992 births
Living people
England international rugby sevens players
English rugby union players
Rugby sevens players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic rugby sevens players of Great Britain
Commonwealth Games medallists in rugby sevens
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Rugby sevens players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Rugby union players from Gloucester
Viktor Petrovich Orlov (Russian: Виктор Петрович Орлов; 22 March 1940 - 23 August 2021), was a Russian politician, geologist, and mining engineer. He served as the Minister of Natural Resources from 1996 to 1998, and again from 1998 to 1999.
He also served as a representative in the Federation Council from the administration of Kamchatka Krai.
Biography
Viktor Orlov was born on 22 March 1940 to a working-class family in the Ninth Village of Chernogorsk.
After leaving school, he worked in the mine administration 14/15. He served on the island of Sakhalin, starting as corporal and ending as newspaper correspondent. After demobilization, he was the released secretary of mine No. 9 in Chernogorsk.
In 1968 he graduated from the Kuibyshev Tomsk State University, majoring in geology. He had great indicators were during training and at Komsomol work. He was elected first deputy secretary, and later secretary of the local university cell of the Komsomol. As a graduate, Orlov's thesis work received a silver medal from Exhibition of Achievements of National Economy. He worked in geological expeditions in Iran.
From 1968 to 1969, he was a geologist of the West Siberian geological expedition.
From 1969 to 1975, he was a geologist, then promoted to chief geologist, and was the head of the Sheregeshevskaya exploration party.
From 1978 to 1979, he was a chief geologist of the search and survey team of the Shalynskaya expedition of the West Siberian Geological Administration.
From 1979 to 1981, he was a senior geologist, and the deputy head of the geological department of the industrial geological association "Tsentrgeologiya".
From 1981 to 1984, he was the Deputy Head of the Geological Department of the .
From 1984 to 1986, he studied at the full-time department of the Academy of National Economy under the Council of Ministers of the USSR. After completing his studies, he received the specialty "Economics and Management of the National Economy" and a diploma with honors. He was a candidate of Geological and Mineralogical Sciences, and a doctor of Economic Sciences. He was the corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences.
From 1986 to 1990, he was the General Director of the industrial geological association "Tsentrgeologiya".
From August 1990 to November 1990, he was the Deputy Minister of Geology of the USSR.
From 1990 to 1991, he was the First Deputy Chairman of the RSFSR State Committee for Geology and the Use of Fuel, Energy and Mineral Resources.
In 1991, he was the professor at Moscow Geological Prospecting University, and an honorary doctor and member of the Academic Council of Tomsk State University.
From 1992 to 1993, he was the Chairman of the Committee on Geology and Subsoil Use under the Government of Russia.
From 1993 to 1996, he was the Chairman of the Committee on Geology and Subsoil Use.
On 22 August 1996, Orlov became Minister of Natural Resources until 30 April 1998.
In 1998, he had been President of the .
On 6 October 1998, he became minister again and held the same position until 19 August 1999.
On 24 January 2001, Orlov became the representative in the Federation Council from the executive authority of the Koryak Autonomous Okrug. As the Koryak Autonomous Okrug merged into Kamchatka Krai, in 2007, he became the representative since 1 July 2007. of the Kamchatka Territory on executive authority. He was the First Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Natural Resources and Environmental Protection, as well as a member of the Federation Council Commission on Natural Monopolies.
Between 2004 and 2012, he was the Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Natural Resources and Environmental Protection, and was a member of the boards of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology and the Federal Agency for Subsoil Use.
Vitkor Petrovich Orlov died on 23 August 2021.
Family
He was married, and had three daughters.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
People from Chernogorsk
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 4th class
State Prize of the Russian Federation laureates
Tomsk State University alumni
Government ministers of Russia
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (after 2000)
Soviet geologists
Russian geologists
Sunčana Glavak (born 1968) is a Croatian politician of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) who has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2019.
Early career
During her journalism studies, Glavak began her career as a journalist. She worked as a speaker, presenter and editor at Radio Čakovec.
In 2004, Glavak started working at the Ministry of Culture as a spokesperson for the Ministry and head of its Public Relations Department.
Political career
In the 2007 national elections, Glavak became a member of the Croatian Parliament, representing the HDZ list. However, she suspended her mandate following her appointment as deputy spokesperson of the government led by Prime Minister Ivo Sanader.
In the 2014 presidential election, she was a staff member of Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović's campaign. From 2016, she served as spokesperson for the Government of the Republic of Croatia under successive prime ministers Tihomir Orešković and Andrej Plenković. In 2018, she resigned from this post and returned to the Croatian Parliament, where she replaced Darko Horvat.
Glavak has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2019, succeeding Dubravka Šuica who gave up her seat to join the European Commission. She has since been serving on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. In addition to her committee assignments, she is part of the parliament's delegation for relations with Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Kosovo and of the European Parliament Intergroup on Cancer.
References
Living people
MEPs for Croatia 2019–2024
Croatian Democratic Union MEPs
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
Women MEPs for Croatia
21st-century Croatian women politicians
21st-century Croatian politicians
1968 births
People from Čakovec
Boulal is a village and seat of the commune of Dabo in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Thiệu Hóa is a township () and capital of Thiệu Hóa District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
Thomas Mountains () is a separate cluster of rocky mountains, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, standing 15 nautical miles (28 km) northeast of Mount Horne in Palmer Land. Discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, under Ronne, who named these mountains for noted author and radio commentator Lowell Thomas, a supporter of the expedition.
The highest peak in the cluster is Mount Boyles, standing at 1,485 metres (4,870 ft).
References
Mountain ranges of Palmer Land
Geography of the British Antarctic Territory
The Tiverton fire of 1731, also known as the Great Fire, was a fire that affected part of Tiverton, Devon in England on 5 June 1731. It was one of a number of serious fires affecting the town in the 17th and 18th centuries. Breaking out in a baker's house in Gold Street, the fire spread rapidly due to the prevalence of straw-thatched roofs in the town. In total 298 houses were destroyed in the fire which caused damage to the value of an estimated £58,976 14s. 9d. In response to the fire, a number of benefactors came forward to assist Tiverton in rebuilding. The fire resulted in the introduction of legislation that attempted to prevent a similar incident happening in the future.
Background and response
Tiverton had previously been affected by a number of severely damaging fires. The first recorded fire was in April 1598, which destroyed 400 houses and resulted in 33 deaths. A more serious fire occurred in August 1612, which destroyed 600 houses. Smaller fires subsequently broke out in 1676, 1726 and 1730. Later fires followed the one in 1731, and in total over 530 houses were destroyed by fire in the 18th century.
The fire in 1731 started on 5 June at approximately 6pm at a baker's house in Gold Street. The fire spread quickly due to the preponderance of straw thatched roofs in the area, further exaggerated by the presence of a strong northerly wind. The fire brigade was delayed from tackling the flames, as the fire engines were housed in a church some distance from the origin of the fire. As the flames spread rapidly into other streets, there was confusion among the general population as to how to attempt to put the fire out. Many people rescued items from burning buildings and deposited them in churches or threw them into fields.
One of the largest local fire engines, which was brought to the scene on Gold Street, was itself destroyed in the fire, as burning debris fell from the houses either side. Henry Murray, who lived in one of Greenway's Almshouses on the street, refused to leave the building on the basis that he had never heard of an almshouse being burned down. Although the Almshouses had survived earlier fires in 1598 and 1612, it was destroyed in this fire and Murray died as a result.
Aftermath
In total, 298 houses were destroyed by the fire, and the total damage was estimated at £58,976 14s. 9d. The Rev Samuel Newte, in a letter to a London schoolmaster published in the Gentleman's Magazine, described the extent of the fire as follows: "All the houses from Loman Bridge to the end of High Street, (a few about the church excepted,) and all the dwellings backward, the greatest part of Barriton and Bampton Streets, also an Aims-House, Corn-Market House, Market Cross and Shambles, are entirely laid in ashes."
As news of the fire spread, donations to cover the damage costs were brought to Tiverton from various places. Within a few days of the event, £381 10s. 4d. had been raised, including a donation of twenty guineas from the Exeter Corporation. The mayor of Tiverton also encouraged a collection among the local population to assist those who had been worst affected by the blaze, and all those affected were instructed to calculate the total loss they had sustained. The total sum of this account was £56,055. 4s. 9d., although this does not include the £2200 cost of rebuilding Greenway's Almshouses, or the £721. 10s. of losses which was reported afterwards.
The Bishop of Exeter issued a circular letter in his diocese, appealing for contributions towards the fund for Tiverton; a significant amount was subsequently raised. The populations of other cities, including London and Bristol, gathered notable collections for Tiverton, and also for Blandford and Ramsey which had similarly been affected by fire. Other large benefactors included the king, queen and the Prince of Wales.
As well as the material damage, the fire had an adverse impact on the health of the Tiverton population. Smallpox, which had afflicted the town for a while, became more prevalent as people were forced to share the houses that had survived the flames, which in some instances meant eight or ten families living in one building. The destruction of property also meant a lack of space for smallpox sufferers to recover without afflicting others.
Legislation followed in an attempt to prevent further similar fires in the future. This included an Act to replace thatched roofs with roofs made with slate or lead and to widen the streets. This legislation also made provision for rebuilding in Tiverton. Merchants constructed several large properties in the town, including Gotham House, meaning that Tiverton became home to an unusual number of elaborate Georgian townhouses. The Chilcott School in St Peter's Street, dating back to 1611, managed to survive the fire.
Further reading
Samuel Smith, An account of the late dreadful fire at Tiverton in the county of Devon (London: Printed for James and John Knapton, 1732)
References
1731 in England
Fires in England
History of Devon
Tiverton, Devon
18th-century fires
Urban fires in the United Kingdom
18th century in Devon
Robert E. Thompson (November 3, 1924 – February 11, 2004) was an American screenwriter.
Thompson was known for such films as The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald, A Case of Rape and They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
He was nominated for an Academy Award for They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
Filmography
References
External links
1924 births
2004 deaths
American television writers
American male screenwriters
American male television writers
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Chiang Khwan (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Roi Et province, Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Pho Chai, Selaphum, Thawat Buri, Mueang Roi Et, and Changhan of Roi Et Province, and Rong Kham of Kalasin province.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) was created on 30 April 1994, when six tambons were split off from Thawat Buri district.
The Thai government on 15 May 2007 upgraded all 81 minor districts to full districts. With publication in the Royal Gazette on 24 August, the upgrade became official.
Administration
The district is divided into six sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 66 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas; there are six tambon administrative organization (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Chiang Khwan
Martin Margiela (born 9 April 1957) is a Belgian fashion designer, artist, and founder of French luxury fashion house Maison Margiela. Throughout his career, Margiela has maintained a low profile, refusing to grant face-to-face interviews or be photographed. Since leaving fashion in 2009, he has emerged as an artist, exploring the themes that made him an iconic figure in fashion. He is considered to be one of the most influential fashion designers in recent history for his iconic deconstructed, upcycled aesthetic and oversized silhouette.
Early life and education
Martin Margiela was born on 9 April 1957 in the city of Genk in Limburg, Belgium. He became interested in fashion as a child after watching a TV show featuring influential 1960s designers André Courrèges and Paco Rabanne. As a teenager, he began putting second-hand clothes from flea markets together to create cheap but stylish looks. His taste for pre-worn clothes would later influence his work as a full-fledged designer at major fashion houses. He befriended Inge Grognard who shared his interest in fashion and would later become the make-up artist for all of his shows.
He went on to study fashion at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) and graduated in 1979, a year before the avant-garde fashion collective the Antwerp Six.
Fashion career
Early career
After graduation, Margiela worked as a freelance designer for five years. In 1984, he moved to Paris to work as a design assistant to Jean Paul Gaultier until 1987.
Maison Margiela
Margiela founded his eponymous label, Maison Martin Margiela, in 1988 with his business partner Jenny Meirensthe. Meirensthe, the owner of a designer clothing boutique in Brussels, described Margiela as "the most talented young designer" she had ever seen.
Margiela presented the Spring/Summer 1990 collection in the first show for his eponymous label in the fall of 1989 on a derelict playground in a North African neighborhood on the outskirts of Paris. It was an unusual show with an uneven runway and intentionally stumbling models, which created a public spectacle that shocked the industry. As opposed to the popular themes of extravagance, bold colors, and wide shoulders at the time, his collection included ripped sleeves, frayed hems, and clumpy shoes. To show respect for the community, local kids were also asked to hand draw invitations in art classes in school and were seated in the front row during the show.
Maison Martin Margiela's ultra-discreet trademark consists of a piece of cloth with the numbers 0-23. The badge is attached to the inside with four small, white pick-stitches, exposed to the outside on unlined garments. For the 20th anniversary the anonymous tag was replaced by a classic logotype.
In stark contrast to most of his peers, he has always remained backstage and does not take a bow after his shows. Since 1988, he has never agreed to a formal interview or been photographed for any magazine. All media contacts were conducted via fax and later email. The idea was to emphasize that his designs should speak for themselves and they are the product of a collaborative team, rather than his own.
Maison Margiela was acquired by the OTB Group in 2002. Margiela remained as creative director, but "had not been involved in recent collections" according to Renzo Rosso, the CEO of OTB Group, in 2008. He had privately expressed desire to stop designing and begun a search for his successor. His close associates speculated that he wanted to "enjoy his life outside the insistent glare of the fashion world." In early 2008, he approached Raf Simons, the creative director of Jil Sander, and offered to hand the reins of Maison Margiela to him, but Simons appeared to have declined the offer and instead renewed a three-year contract with Jil Sander.
In December 2009, Margiela formally left his eponymous label. No successor was named and the house continued to operate by a team of designers until John Galliano was appointed as creative director in 2014.
Hermès
Margiela was named creative director of womenswear at Hermès in 1997. The news of an avant-garde designer becoming the head of a conservative and classic French house surprised the industry. Though his designs for Hermès didn't resemble the forward-leaning work of his own label, he nonetheless incorporated a deconstructivist philosophy to his work there. He pioneered a timeless wardrobe focused on quality and inspired by 1920s sports and leisure clothing. Despite initial doubts by fashion critics, he created several understated collections, from loose-fitting masculine tailoring to black crêpe evening dresses that were the height of discreet elegance. Among his original designs include a jacket that can be rolled and carried like a bag, coats with removable collars and fastenings, the iconic twice looping strap of the Cape Cod watch, and the losange, a diamond shaped scarf that has become one of Hermès' bestsellers. All shows were held at the ultra-luxurious rue St-Honoré Hermès store in Paris.
In 2003, Margiela stepped down from his role at Hermes to focus on his own label and was succeeded by his former mentor, Jean Paul Gaultier.
Post-fashion career
After leaving fashion, Margiela turned to art as a medium of expression. He spent two years working with Lafayette Anticipations – Galeries Lafayette Corporate Foundation to create more than 40 art works for his first solo exhibition that debuted in October 2021. Among the exhibits included silicon spheres covered in human hair, large-scale paintings of dust particles, and blank spaces that symbolized the idea of an exhibition that is "in flux, unfinished, and in permanent movement."
See also
Maison Margiela
OTB Group
John Galliano
References
External links
Martin Margiela biography on Fashion.net
1957 births
Living people
Belgian fashion designers
People from Genk
Businesspeople from Leuven
Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) alumni
Leucettidae is a family of sea sponges in the subclass Calcinea, first described by Max Walker de Laubenfels in 1936.
References
Calcinea
Batrachorhina albovaria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1942. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1942
Siparunaceae is a family of flowering plants in the magnoliid order Laurales. It consists of two genera of woody plants, with essential oils: Glossocalyx in West Africa and Siparuna in the neotropics. Glossocalyx is monospecific (Glossocalyx longicuspis) and Siparuna has about 74 known species.
Until the 1990s, most taxonomists placed Glossocalyx and Siparuna in the family Monimiaceae. The monograph of Monimiaceae by William R. Philipson in 1993 was the last major work to do so. In the 1990s, molecular phylogenetic studies of DNA sequences showed that Monimiaceae, as then circumscribed, was paraphyletic. When the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group published their APG system in 1998, the old Monimiaceae was divided into three separate families: Siparunaceae, Atherospermataceae, and Monimiaceae sensu stricto. This classification remained unchanged in the APG III system of 2009 and the APG IV system of 2016.
The families Siparunaceae, Gomortegaceae, and Atherospermataceae form one of the three major clades that constitute the order Laurales. Siparunaceae is sister to the clade composed of Gomortegaceae and Atherospermataceae.
In 1898, Janet Russell Perkins began a series of articles on Monimiaceae, but only two were ever completed. The second of these was mis-titled as part III on its first page (compare to table of contents therein) and covers the genus Siparuna.
References
External links
Distribution Map Genus List Siparunaceae Laurales Trees APweb botanical databases About Science & Conservation Missouri Botanical Garden
page 660 Table of Contents (Inhalt) issue (heft) 5 View Book Bot. Jahrb. Syst. vol. 28 from Missouri Botanical Garden B Titles BHL
Key (page 12) Siparuna (page 80) Monimiaceae View Book Das Pflanzenreich D Titles Biodiversity Heritage Library
Siparuna
The Official Siparuna Website An online key to all species of Siparunaceae and Monimiaceae occurring in Ecuador, with descriptions, specimen citations, geographic information, and illustrations of all species.
links at CSDL, Texas
Magnoliid families
The Capitulation of Alexandria in August 1801 brought to an end the French expedition to Egypt.
Background
French troops, defeated by British and Ottoman forces, had retreated to Alexandria where they were besieged. On 30 August 1801 the French general Abdullah Jacques-François Menou offered to surrender and proposed terms, which were considered, partly accepted and in many details amended, by the British general John Hely-Hutchinson and admiral Lord Keith.
Text
The text of the Capitulation is printed in full in Robert Wilson's History of the British expedition to Egypt. Each article as proposed by General Menou is followed by a comment: the proposed articles as amended by these comments form the capitulation as it was finally put into effect, bringing the conflict to a formal end on 2 September 1801. The document is signed by General-in-Chief Menou, Admiral Keith, Lt.-General Hely-Hutchinson, Lt.-Col. James Kempt, and the Kapudan Pasha Küçük Hüseyin Pasha, representing the Ottoman forces.
Transfer of Egyptian antiquities
Under Article 16 of the capitulation "the Arabian manuscripts, the statues, and the other collections which have been made for the French Republic, shall be considered as public property, and subject to the disposal of the generals of the combined army." This led to the transfer to British possession of the Rosetta Stone and other Egyptian antiquities collected by the French Commission des Sciences et des Arts and the scholars of the Institut d'Egypte.
Spoils
At the Capitulation, the British discovered the French warships Cause, Egyptienne, Justice and Régénérée, and two former Venetian frigates in the harbour of Alexandria. The British and their Turkish allies agreed a division of the spoils. The British received Égyptienne, Régénérée, and "Venetian No. 2" – named by the French Léoben (ex-Venetian Medusa) – of 26 guns. the Ottomans received the 64-gun Causse (ex-Venetian Vulcano), Justice, of 46 guns, and "Venetian No. 1" – Mantoue (ex-Venetian Cerere) – also of 26 guns. The Turks also received some Turkish corvettes that were in the harbour. Admiral Lord Keith commander of the naval forces, gave the value of Régénérée for prize money purposes at £16,771 13s 6d.
Notes
References
External links
1801 treaties
Conflicts in 1801
French campaign in Egypt and Syria
Military history of Alexandria
1801 in Egypt
Treaties of the French First Republic
Treaties of the Ottoman Empire
Treaties of the United Kingdom (1801–1922)
August 1801 events
19th century in Alexandria
USS Ancon (AGC-4) was one of three identical ships built for the Panama Railroad Company put into operation in 1938. The ship was converted to a troop ship by the Army in January 1942, making several voyages to Australia with troops as an Army Transport. In August 1942 the ship's operation was transferred to the United States Navy for the duration of World War II and converted to a combined headquarters and communications command ship.
Early civilian service
Ancon was laid down 23 October 1937 as hull number 1468, second of three identical ships ordered by the Panama Railroad Company, launched on 10 December 1938 at Fore River Shipyard (Bethlehem Steel Company), Quincy, Massachusetts. The ship was sponsored by Mrs. Harry Woodring, wife of the Secretary of War. The ship was owned and operated by the Panama Railroad Company, and on 22 June 1939 she began cargo and passenger service between New York City, New York and Cristobal, Panama Canal Zone.
Army
Ancon was delivered by the Panama Railroad Company to begin war operations with the Army Transport Service on 11 January 1942 at Balboa, Canal Zone. The ship sailed to San Francisco for conversion, including 1,500 bunks, required to transport troops. She made two voyages to Australia carrying Army Air Corps units and elements of the 32nd Infantry Division to bolster that continent's defenses; the first voyage left on 31 January 1942 headed for Brisbane, Australia from San Francisco, the second left San Francisco on 23 April 1942 bound for Adelaide and Sydney. According to the diary of Edgar Roy Cochrun, Chaplain, United States Army, who had boarded the ship on 20 April, the Ancon departed San Francisco on its second voyage to Australia at 5:55 p.m. on Wednesday, 22 April 1942, and not on 23 April. She returned to San Francisco 18 June 1942,
Ancon underwent extensive repairs and alterations in San Francisco during June and July 1942 before sailing for Boston to be turned over to the Navy.
Navy acquisition
Ancon was acquired by the Navy under bareboat charter on 7 August 1942 and placed in commission at the Boston Navy Yard as Ancon (AP-66) on 12 August 1942, Lt. Comdr. D. H. Swinson in command. Following her commissioning, Ancon underwent a month's work at Boston, being converted for naval service.
On 12 September, she got underway for the Virginia Capes and, on arrival at Norfolk took on cargo and troops to transport to Baltimore, Maryland. She reached Baltimore on 6 October and disembarked her passengers. She then conducted trials and exercises in the Chesapeake Bay. After pausing at Norfolk to take on more troops and equipment, she left the East Coast on 24 October, sailing for North Africa to take part in Operation Torch as the flagship of Transport Division 9, Amphibious Force, Atlantic Fleet.
Mediterranean service
Ancon anchored off Fedhala, French Morocco on 8 November and began lowering her boats at 0533. The first troops were debarked an hour later. During the course of the assault, men on the ship witnessed the sinking of four other transports, and Ancon sent out boats to rescue their survivors. On 12 November the transport headed out and, three days later, put into Casablanca harbor. She got underway on the 15th with a convoy bound for Norfolk.
After a brief pause there, Ancon traveled to Brooklyn, New York for voyage repairs. A brief period of sea trials preceded the ship's loading cargo and troops for transportation to Algeria. She sailed on 14 January 1943 as a member of the Naval Transport Service. The ship reached Oran on the 26th and spent five days discharging her cargo before heading back toward New York City, where she arrived on 13 February. On that day, the vessel was reassigned to the Atlantic Fleet Amphibious Forces. On the 16th, Ancon entered the Norfolk Navy Yard, Portsmouth, Virginia, to undergo conversion to a combined headquarters and communications command ship. She was redesignated AGC-4 on 26 February with the conversion completed on 20 April 1943.
On 21 April, Ancon held trials and exercises in the Chesapeake Bay through May and into early June 1943, when she was designated the flagship of Vice Admiral Henry Kent Hewitt, Commander of the Atlantic Fleet Amphibious Forces. The ship got underway for Oran on 8 June with Task Force (TF) 85. The ship had been selected to participate in the invasion of Sicily, and her preparations continued after her arrival at Oran on 22 June.
Carrying Rear Admiral Alan G. Kirk, Commander, TF 85, and Lieutenant General Omar Bradley on board, Ancon sailed on 5 July for the waters off Sicily. She reached the transport area off Scoglitti on the 10th and lowered her boats early that morning. Despite enemy fire, the ship remained off Scoglitti providing communications services through the 12th and then got underway to return to North Africa. At the end of a fortnight there, she shifted to Mostaganem, Algeria, on 29 July. In mid-August, the vessel moved to Algiers. During her periods in port, she prepared for the upcoming invasion of mainland Italy for which she had been designated flagship for the Commander of the 8th Fleet Amphibious Forces in Northwest African Waters.
On 6 September, Ancon got underway for Salerno, serving as VADM Hewitt's flagship for the overall Task Force 80. During the operation, the ship carried Lieutenant General Mark Wayne Clark, who commanded the 5th Army. At 0330 on 9 September, the first wave of Allied troops hit the beach. Thereafter, she remained in the transport area, undergoing nearly continuous enemy air harassment, until she moved to Palermo, Sicily, to pick up ammunition to replenish her sister ships. She returned to the area off Salerno on the 15th but, the next day, arrived back in Palermo.
Normandy
After two weeks in that Sicilian port, Ancon shaped a course for Algiers. She reached that port on 2 October and spent almost six weeks undergoing repairs and replenishment. In mid-November, she set sail for the United Kingdom and, on 25 November, arrived in Devonport, England, where she was designated the flagship of the 11th Amphibious Force. An extended period of repairs and preparations for the impending invasion of France kept Ancon occupied through the winter and much of the spring participating in numerous training exercises with other Allied warships. On 25 May, King George VI of the United Kingdom and Field Marshal Montgomery visited the ship. U.S. military advisor George Elsey wrote that during the trip a junior officer refused to admit the King into the ship's intelligence centre because, as he explained to a superior officer, "...nobody told me he was a BIGOT." The codeword signified personnel cleared to know the top-secret details of Overlord (known as the BIGOT list; people cleared to be on it were "Bigots").
The preparations culminated on 5 June, when Ancon got underway for Baie de la Seine, France. She served as flagship for the assault forces that landed on Omaha Beach in Normandy. Throughout the invasion, the ship provided instructions for forces both afloat and ashore. She transferred various units of the Army command to headquarters ashore and made her small boats available to other ships to carry personnel and materials to the beachhead. On 27 June, she got underway to return to England and, the next day, arrived at Portland.
George Hicks, a radio journalist, broadcast the invasion live. The New York World-Telegram called his broadcast "The greatest recording yet to come out of the war."
Ancon remained in British waters through late September, when she sailed in a convoy bound for the East Coast of the United States. She reached Charleston, South Carolina on 9 October and was then assigned to the Amphibious Training Command. At the completion of repairs at the Charleston Navy Yard on 21 December, the ship got underway for sea trials. Five days later, she shaped a course for the Pacific. On the last day of 1944, the ship transited the Panama Canal and joined the Pacific Fleet. She continued on to San Diego, California, where she arrived on 9 January 1945.
Pacific service
Upon reaching San Diego, Ancon entered Amphibious Group 5. She then proceeded to Pearl Harbor and, during the first two weeks of February, carried out training exercises in Hawaiian waters. On 15 February 1945, she set out for Eniwetok where she paused to refuel before pushing on to Saipan. Ancon reached Saipan late in February 1945 and began holding rehearsals off that island and Tinian for the upcoming assault on Okinawa. The ship sailed for the Ryūkyūs with Transport Squadron 15 on 27 March.
Ancon arrived with TG 51.2 off the southeast coast of Okinawa on 1 April. Due to heavy enemy air activity, the ship stood out to sea on the 3rd and set out for Saipan on the 11th. She disembarked Marines at Saipan on the 15th. After replenishment, Ancon left Saipan to return to Okinawa. For three weeks, she was anchored off the western beaches of Okinawa and supported forces ashore. During this time, the ship was almost continuously at general quarters due to Japanese air raids.
Ancon left Okinawa on 3 June and proceeded to Subic Bay and Manila, Philippines. There, she served as flagship of Commander, 7th Amphibious Force. For the next two months, the ship was involved in preparations for invasion of the Japanese home islands. However, this operation never materialized because Japan capitulated on 15 August. Shortly thereafter, Ancon got underway for Tokyo Bay with an intermediate stop at Iwo Jima. On 22 August, the ship rendezvoused with units of the 3d Fleet and sailed on toward Japan.
On the morning of the 29th, Ancon sailed into Tokyo Bay and assumed duties as a press release ship in coordination with battleship . From the ship's anchorage between and , her crew witnessed the official Japanese surrender on 2 September. Ancon left Japanese waters on 20 September and set a course for Guam. She briefly stopped at Apra Harbor on the 27th, pushing on that same day for Saipan. There, the ship embarked occupation troops and supplies before reversing her course on 29 September and heading back to Japan.
On 2 October, Ancon was assigned to the 5th Fleet as the headquarters ship for a strategic bombing survey. She touched at Yokohama, Japan on 3 October and remained in that area through November. Then, her survey duties being completed, the ship got underway on 1 December to return to the United States. Ancon reached San Francisco Bay on 14 December. She remained at San Francisco in availability until 4 January 1946 when she sailed for the East Coast. The vessel again passed through the Panama Canal on 14 January and rejoined the Atlantic Fleet. She continued on to the New York Naval Shipyard, where she arrived on the 23rd and began deactivation preparations.
Awards
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, 8 Nov 41 – 11 Nov 42, Algeria-Morocco Occupation, Operation Torch, the Allied Invasion of French North Africa.
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, 9 Jul 43 – 15 Jul 43, Sicily Occupation, Operation Husky, the Allied Invasion of Sicily.
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, 9 Sep 43 – 21 Sep 43, Salerno Landings, Operation Avalanche, the Allied Invasion of Italy.
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, 6 Jun 44 – 25 Jun 44, Normandy Landings, Operation Overlord, D-Day.
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal, 1 Apr 45 – 3 Jun 45, Ryuku Islands Landings, Operation Iceberg, The Battle of Okinawa.
Philippine Liberation Medal, 5 Jun 45 – 20 August 1945, Subic Bay Philippines, Philippines Campaign of 1944-45.
World War II Victory Medal, 7 Dec 41 – 31 Dec 46
Navy Occupation Service Medal with Pacific Clasp, 2 Sep 45 – 20 Sep 45 or from 2 Oct 45 – 30 Nov 45, Tokyo, and later Yokohama, Occupation of Japan.
Decommissioning and disposal
Ancon was decommissioned on 25 February 1946 and struck from the Navy List on 17 April 1946. The ship was returned to the Panama Canal Company 25 February 1946 with commercial service discontinued 20 April 1961. On 29 June 1962 title was transferred to the Maritime Administration at New Orleans and loaned to the Maine Maritime Academy. Ancon was renamed State of Maine on 14 July 1962. The Academy operated the ship as a training ship until returning her to the Maritime Administration 25 May 1973 when the ship was delivered to North American Smelting Company for scrapping.
Footnotes
References
External links
Colton Company: Bethlehem Steel Company Record of Pre-World War II Shipbuilding
D-Day recording
Troop ships of the United States
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
1938 ships
Klekova is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 89 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Giorgio Vido (born 1 April 1941 in Padua) is an Italian politician. Elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies for the Liga Veneta-Lega Nord, he left the party in 1994.
In 2000 he contributed to the foundation of the Fronte Marco Polo with Fabio Padovan. After a dismal result in the 2000 regional elections (1.2%) he managed to merge his party with the Veneti d'Europa. The new party was called Liga Fronte Veneto and Giorgio Vido was national secretary from 2001 to 2003.
References
1941 births
Living people
Politicians from Padua
Venetist politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Italy)
Lega Nord politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Kåre Bench () is a flat-topped mountain, high, standing south of Mount Hansen and just southwest of Daykovaya Peak at the north end of the Westliche Petermann Range, in the Wohlthat Mountains of Antarctica. It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39. It was replotted from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60, and named for Kåre Hansen, a meteorologist with the Norwegian expedition, 1958–59.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Ship Harbour is a rural community located along the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. It is situated at the head of a natural harbour of the same name which opens into the Atlantic Ocean. The community is located along Trunk 7, approximately east of Halifax, Nova Scotia and west of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. The area was settled in 1783 by a group of Loyalists from the Royal Nova Scotia Volunteer Regiment. The mi'kmaq referred to the area as Tedumunaboogwek, meaning "water-worn rock". The name of the community was derived from the name of the harbour, which in turn was derived from a rock at the entrance to the harbour, named Ship Rock, as it resembles a vessel from a distance. Ship Harbour is home to the Ship Harbour Mussel Farm (also known as Aquaprime Mussel Farm), one of the largest mussel farm in North America. It is also home to Ralph's Downeast Diner, a small diner on Highway 7. It was previously Family Fries. There is also a community hall that hosts meeting for the Lake Charlotte region. West Ship Harbour Road collides with Nova Scotia Trunk 7 in Ship Harbour, which connects Ship Harbour with Owls Head, Little Harbour, Clam Harbour, Clam Harbour Beach Provincial Park and Lake Charlotte. Some minor roads include: Headship Harbour Loop Road, River Road, Bruce Drive, Newcombes Lane, Eisan Point Road and Goose Lane.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Object–action interface, also abbreviated as OAI, is an extension to the graphical user interface, especially related to direct manipulation user interface and it can help to create better human–computer interfaces and increase the usability of a product.
There are basically two similar models regarding OAI.
This model focuses on the priority of the object over the actions (i.e. it emphasizes the object being selected first, and then any action performed on it. OAI adheres to this model.
OAI model
The OAI model graphically represents the users' workplace using metaphors and let the users perform action(s) on the object. The sequence of work is to first select the object graphically (using mouse or other pointing device), and then performing an action on the selected object. The result/effect of the action is then shown graphically to the user. This way, the user is relieved from memory limitation, and syntactical complexity of the actions. Moreover, it emulates WYSIWYG. This feature of OAI lets the user control their sequence of action and visualize the effects at the runtime. If an action results in an undesired effect, the user simply reverses his sequence of actions.
In the action–object model, the computer is seen as a tool to perform different action. Whereas in the object–action model, the user gains a great sense of control from the feeling of a direct involvement. The computer in this case is seen as a medium through which different tools are represented, which is isomorphic to interacting with objects in the real world.
Designing an OAI model starts with examining and understanding the tasks to be performed by the system. The domain of tasks includes the universe of objects within which the user works to accomplish a certain goal as well as the domain of all possible actions performed by the user. Once these tasks objects and actions are agreed upon, the designer starts by creating an isomorphic representation of the corresponding interface objects and actions.
The figure above shows how the designer maps the objects of the user's world to metaphors and actions to plans. The interface actions are usually performed by pointing device or keyboard and hence have to be visual to the user so that the latter can decompose his plan into steps of actions such as pointing, clicking, dragging, etc.
This way DMUIs provide a snapshot of the real world situations and map the natural way of user's work sequence through the interface. This means that the users do not have to memorize the course of actions and it reduces the time required to familiarize themselves with the new model of work. Moreover, it reduces the memory load of the users significantly and therefore enhances the usability.
Task hierarchies of objects and actions
Tasks are composed of objects and actions at different levels. The positional hierarchy of any object and its related action may not be suitable for every user, but by being comprehensible they provide a great deal of usefulness.
For the user
The most natural way of solving a complex problem is to divide it into sub-problems and then tackle them independently. Then by merging the solutions, a solution for the main problem is reached. This is basically a Divide-and-Conquer approach to problem-solving. This approach is followed in the real world by users when they perform tasks. Each complex task is divided into simple tasks. It is easy to see then, that by managing different levels within a hierarchy, the process is simplified. Through this method, users learn to execute tasks without considering the issues of implementation.
For the designer
Ben Shneiderman suggests the following steps for designers to build a correct task hierarchy:
Know about the users and their tasks (Interviewing users, reading workbooks and taking training sessions)
Generate hierarchies of tasks and objects to model the users' tasks
Design interface objects and actions that metaphorically map to the real world universe
Interface hierarchy of objects and actions
This hierarchy is similar to that of the task hierarchy and contains:
Interface objects
Users interacting with system build up a basic concept/model of computer related objects like files, buttons, dialog box etc. They also acquire a brief experience of the properties of the objects and how to manipulate the object through its properties. Moreover, they learn how to perform actions on those objects to achieve their computing goals. Hence, a hierarchy of such objects is maintained (which represent the resource of the interface).
Interface actions
This hierarchy consists of decomposed low level units of complex actions that could be performed on objects relevant to the domain of computers as assigned in the interface objects hierarchy. Each level in the hierarchy represent different level of decompositions. A high level plan to create a text file might involve mid-level actions such as creating a file, inserting text and saving that file. The mid-level action of saving a file the file can be decomposed into lower level actions such as storing the file with a backup copy and applying the access control rights. Further lower level actions might involve choosing the name of the file, the folder to save in, dealing with errors such as space shortage and so on.
For the user
There are several ways users learn interface objects and actions such as demonstrations, sessions, or trial and error sessions. When these objects and actions have logical structure that can be related to other familiar task objects and actions, this knowledge becomes stable in the user's memory.
For the designer
The OAI model helps a designer to understand the complex processes that a user has to perform in order to successfully use an interface to perform a certain task. Designers model the interface actions and objects based on familiar example and then fine tune these models to fit the task and the user.
References
Ben Shneiderman, Designing the User Interface
Amir Khella, Object Action Interface Model
Human–computer interaction
Gerome Ragni (born Jerome Bernard Ragni; September 11, 1935 – July 10, 1991) was an American actor, singer, and songwriter, best known as one of the stars and co-writers of the 1967 musical Hair: The American Tribal Love-Rock Musical. On June 18, 2009, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Early life
Born Jerome Bernard Ragni in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, he was one of ten children in a low-income Italian-American family.
He attended suburban Scott Township High School, where he appeared in various school productions.
He attended Georgetown University and The Catholic University of America. At Catholic, he discovered an interest in theater, and began studying acting with Philip Burton. Ragni made his acting debut in Washington, D.C. in 1954, playing Father Corr in Shadow and Substance. He continued to act whenever he could find work. In 1963, he appeared in the New York production of War at the Village South Theatre, for which he won the Barter Theatre Award for Outstanding Actor.
Career
In 1954, Ragni made his professional stage debut in a Washington D.C. production, Shadow and Substance.
In 1964, Ragni was an understudy for the role of Horatio at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre in the Broadway production of Hamlet starring Richard Burton. He then appeared as the Messenger (uncredited) in Richard Burton's Hamlet, the film version of the production, released by Warner Bros. in 1964.
That same year, Ragni made his first Off-Broadway appearance in New York City in the anti-capital punishment musical Hang Down Your Head and Die at the Mayfair Theatre on October 18 with James Rado, a fellow actor and friend who was studying with Lee Strasberg. Hang Down Your Head and Die was a success in London. It was first produced in the UK by the Oxford University Experimental Theatre Club in 1964; two cast members and writers were students Terry Jones and Michael Palin. It then moved from Oxford to the Comedy Theatre in London's West End, was well-received and ran six weeks. But when it moved to New York the musical only had one performance, opening and closing on October 18, 1964. Theater critic Howard Taubman wrote in The New York Times, "Death by hanging is swift, but Hang Down Your Head and Die makes a long evening of it... After a while, one feels as if one were being bludgeoned."
In 1965, Ragni performed in the role of Tom in The Knack, the play that opened at the New Theatre, and later appeared in the touring company along with Rado. During the show's Chicago run at the Harper Theater, Rado and Ragni tried to revive Hang Down Your Head and Die with what they could remember from the script. They also planned to introduce new material in collaboration with Corky Siegel and Jim Schwall, of the Siegel-Schwall Band, whom they met playing in a beatnik coffee house off the Harper Street strip. They spent time writing ideas for the production, which was to be performed by Rado, Ragni, Schwall, and Siegel in a house on the South Side of Chicago and an apartment on Stony Island Avenue. Rado and Ragni rented the Harper Theatre to put on the production. After two weeks of working on the production, The Knack company went back to New York and Ragni and Rado had to abandon their plans to revive Hang Down Your Head and Die with Siegel and Schwall.
Hair
Ragni had been involved with The Open Theater since it was begun as part of the Living Theatre in 1962. In 1966, Open Theatre began rehearsals for the Megan Terry play Viet Rock. Ragni took a leading role in the show, which opened at the Martinique Theatre in New York and had a successful run.
Viet Rock and experimental theatre inspired Ragni to work with Rado on a musical about hippie culture. As research, they associated with a group of youths in the East Village who were dropping out and dodging the draft. They talked to people in the streets and people they knew, and read articles about hippie culture and youths being kicked out of school for growing their hair long. They wrote lyrics to thirteen songs ("Ain't Got No", "I Got Life", "Reading and Writing", "Don't Put It Down", "Sodomy", "Colored Spade", "Manchester, England", "Frank Mills", "We Look at One Another", "Hair", "Aquarius", "Easy to Be Hard", "Good Morning Starshine" and "Where Do I Go?"), and completed the first version of their musical, called Hair. Two of the thirteen songs were removed, many songs were revised, titles were changed, and more songs were written as they continued to work on the show.
Once they had a complete draft of the musical that they liked, Ragni and Rado brought the show to producer Nat Shapiro for consideration. He responded to the songs by asking, "Where's the music?" Shapiro introduced Ragni and Rado to composer Galt MacDermot, who took the script and returned three weeks later with music for the songs Ragni and Rado had written. Their agent, Janet Roberts, tried to sell the show to Broadway producers, but it was rejected. Joseph Papp, of the New York Shakespeare Festival, called to say he wanted to produce it at his new theatre on Lafayette Street. Gerald Freedman was a artistic director for the theater and signed on to direct the first production of Hair. On October 29, 1967, Hair opened at The Public Theater with Ragni as Berger, MacDermot as a cop who busts the show at the end of the first act, and Rado as Claude. Michael Butler attended the opening night and subsequent performances, and was dissatisfied when Rado did not regularly play Claude, as he felt Rado had a natural affinity for the part.
Butler became interested in moving the show to Broadway. He bought the rights from Papp for $50,000 and began planning a grander production directed by Tom O'Horgan, who Ragni knew from off-Broadway. In the meantime, the show moved to a nightclub in Midtown, called Cheetah, where it had a month-long run. When O'Horgan signed on, the show hired choreographer Julie Arenal, assistant to Anna Sokolow, who had choreographed the Public Theater run.
On April 29, 1968, the show re-opened in its revised form at the Biltmore Theatre on Broadway. Rado and Ragni reprised their roles from the off-Broadway production, and MacDermot was the musical director. The songs became hit singles for MacDermot, Liza Minnelli, Nelson Riddle, The Staples Singers, Quincy Jones, Three Dog Night, The Cowsills, Madeline Bell, Paul Jones, Sonja Kristina, The 5th Dimension, Oliver, Caterina Valente, and Barbra Streisand. The Broadway cast Hair album, released on RCA Records, topped the US billboard charts for a year. The 1970 album DisinHAIRited was then released with songs that were cut from the revised production.
The Broadway production was a traumatic experience for Ragni. He became wealthy, his marriage broke up, and he became disengaged from mainstream society. He joined a cult and contributed money to the Black Panther Party and the Yippies. Following the Broadway production, Ragni and Rado went to Los Angeles and played their original roles in a production of Hair for five months, making changes to the show as they performed. When they returned to the Broadway production, Ragni's practice of spontaneously changing the show became a nuisance. In one incident, Ragni and Rado were arrested after walking nude down the aisle during a performance. At another time, there were guards outside the theatre who barred Ragni and Rado from entering. When the conflict was resolved, all Ragni's changes were written into the script and Ragni and Rado rejoined the show. Soon afterwards, Ragni joined the touring company, playing Berger in many cities.
In 1969, shortly after Hair's success, Ragni, Rado, and Viva, the Andy Warhol superstar, made the movie Lions Love, directed by Agnès Varda and made in Los Angeles. The film depicts the three stars, supposedly living together in Los Angeles while waiting for a film to start shooting. Lions Love is one of the best film records of Rado and Ragni. They did not appear in the 1979 film version of Hair, which was directed by Miloš Forman and starring Treat Williams as Berger. Neither Rado nor Ragni approved of the film, although it was well-received by the public.
Dude
Ragni had been working on a musical called Dude (The Highway Life) ever since Hair had opened. He had bulging notebooks filled with scribbles of dialogue and lyrics written in between meals at Max's Kansas City. Combined with it was a 2,000-page script. He wrote the music to 50 of the songs in the show. Producing the musical would entail having "the interior of the [theater] scooped out and turned into a free-wheeling environmental theater in the round representing heaven and hell." According to The New York Times, "[a]t the first run through, the stage, filled with two tons of top soil, filthied the actors and dumped dirt on everybody sitting in the first ten rows. People sneezed from the dust fumes; clouds of dirt rose into the air, making it difficult to see." The 2,000 pages were cut down to 200, a second act was written, more songs were added, and although in a constant state of change and plagued with backstage problems the show opened at The Broadway Theatre in October 1972. It was produced by Peter and Adela Holzer and starred Nell Carter, Rae Allen, Salome Bey, Ralph Carter, William Redfield, Nat Morris, and Allan Nicholls, and closed after 16 performances. Before the opening, MacDermot's label Kilmarnock Records released an album of songs from the show sung by Salome Bey.
Post-Dude
In 1977 Ragni and Rado collaborated with Steve Margoshes on a new show called Jack Sound and His Dog Star Blowing His Final Trumpet on the Day of Doom, produced off-Broadway by the Ensemble Studio Theatre. It played a short run alongside an ill-fated Broadway revival of Hair that ran for forty-three performances and starred Ragni and Rado as the bogus cops who bust the show.
In the 1970s Ragni, Rado, MacDermot, and Margoshes collaborated on a new musical called Sun, also called YMCA, which ultimately was not produced. It was a 60-song, three-hour musical about "evolution, with an Odyssey plot"; an environmental musical about politics, pollution and the rain forests being cut down among other topics. Sun had been in development since the mid-1970s and an early version was staged for backers in 1976, directed by John Vaccaro of Theatre of the Ridiculous fame, with appearances by Ruby Lynn Reyner, Annie-Joe Edwards and Ellen Foley. Rado told New York Magazine that "YMCA will do to the seventies what Hair did to the sixties," but the 1976 version never made it past rehearsals. A three-disc cast recording was made after a performance at Weill Hall at Carnegie Hall by independent company Rado Records.
Revision of Rado's musical Rainbow Rainbeam Radio Roadshow: The Ghost of Vietnam (also known as Billy Earth: The New Rainbow and The White Haunted House: American Soldier) was also undertaken.
Death
Ragni died of cancer in New York, age 56. At the time of his death he and Rado were working on a sequel to Hair. He is interred in the Holy Souls Cemetery, Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA.
Personal life
On May 18, 1963, Ragni married his longtime girlfriend Stephanie Williams. They have a son named Erick.
In a 2008 interview with The Advocate,
Rado said that he and Ragni had been lovers, and described himself as omnisexual.
References
External links
Collection of articles on Gerome Ragni
Gerome Ragni papers, 1952-1984, held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division, New York Public Library for the Performing Arts
Dude Articles Index.
Male actors from Pittsburgh
Songwriters from Pennsylvania
Bisexual men
Bisexual writers
Grammy Award winners
LGBT writers from the United States
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
Musicians from Pittsburgh
Catholic University of America alumni
American people of Italian descent
1935 births
1991 deaths
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American musicians
20th-century LGBT people
Vasiliy Golovnin is a Russian Vitus Bering (icebreaker) ice-breaking cargo vessel, built in what is now Ukraine. The vessel is operated by Russia's Far East Shipping Company (FESCO).
The Vasiliy Golovnin has regularly been chartered for entire seasons, including by Australia, New Zealand, and Argentina.
On April 29, 2019, TASS reported that 2 crew members died from methanol poisoning.
References
Ships of Russia
Epichloë uncinata is a hybrid asexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1990, Epichloë uncinata is a natural allopolyploid of Epichloë bromicola and a strain in the Epichloë typhina complex.
Epichloë uncinata is found in Europe, where it has been identified in the grass species Schedonorus pratensis (also called Festuca pratensis or Lolium pratense).
References
uncinata
Fungi described in 1990
Fungi of Europe
The plain white-eye (Zosterops hypolais) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Yap.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
plain white-eye
Birds of Yap
Endemic fauna of the Federated States of Micronesia
plain white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Grace Beacham Freeman (February 18, 1916 – October 28, 2002) was an American poet, columnist, short story writer and educator. She wrote a syndicated column "At Our House" from 1954 to 1964 and was named by Governor Richard Wilson Riley as the fourth South Carolina Poet Laureate from 1985 to 1986.
Biography
Early life and education
Freeman was born on February 18, 1916, in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Her parents were Henry O. Beacham and the former Grace Bailey. She received a Bachelor's degree in English from Converse College in 1937. There, she triple-majored in drama, English, and Latin.
Career
Freeman's poetry career started early when she had a poem published in a school literary journal named The Scribbler. While in college, she edited the student magazine.
After college, Freeman worked as an English teacher in various South Carolina public schools from 1937 to 1941 when she decided to do some post-graduate studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. During the late 1940s, she taught creative dramatics for children in North Carolina and New Orleans as well as hosted a radio program in Durham, North Carolina called Presenting Grace Freeman.
From 1954 until 1964, Freeman wrote a syndicated column about family life as the mother of four children called "At Our House", which was distributed by King Features Syndicate. She wrote many plays and dramas for radio and television along with feature articles for various newspapers and magazines including The Times-Picayune Magazine, The Charlotte Observer, and The State.
For 13 years, she was a Poet-in-the-Schools with the South Carolina Arts Commission and has also served as a poet therapist with Hall Institute, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine, the American Psychiatric Association, and the National Poetry Therapy Foundation.
She served as editor of the alumni magazines of both Winthrop College (1962–1974) and Converse College (1967–1971).
Poet laureateship
Freeman was named to be South Carolina's fourth poet laureate by Governor Dick Riley in 1985. Originally a life-time appointment, Riley changed the position some during his governorship and appointed Freeman to only a one-year term of office.
Personal life
Her husband, John Alderman Freeman, was a biology and zoology professor who taught many years at Winthrop University. He previously had taught at Wake Forest University, his alma mater. John Freeman was also an author and ran a small independent publishing firm in Rock Hill. They were married on June 11, 1941 and moved to Rock Hill in 1952. The Freemans had four children. Freeman was active in the American Association of University Women and was on the executive board of the Rock Hill, South Carolina, Branch, 1961–1962. While still remaining active in community affairs, the couple retired to Brevard, North Carolina in 1987.
Grace Freeman died after a short illness on October 28, 2002, in Asheville, North Carolina. Her husband, John, died on January 5, 2007.
Awards and honors
The Stephen Vincent Benet Award for Poet Lore – 1974
South Carolina Poet Laureate – 1985–1986
Fortner Writer's Award, St. Andrews University – 1992
Works
She received much encouragement and instruction from South Carolina's first poet laureate, Archibald Rutledge. He lived for some time in Spartanburg as well and they became friends. Soon, he became her mentor. He encouraged her to submit some of her poetry to The Saturday Evening Post which was accepted and published. Later, after taking a workshop with poet and professor James Dickey, Freeman started to develop a more contemporary style of poetry.
Apart from book form, some of Freeman's poetry as also appeared in The Saturday Evening Post, The New Republic, The South Carolina Review, and other magazines.
Much of her early letters, manuscripts and other materials (up to 1977) were donated by Freeman to Winthrop University's Louise Pettus Archives and Special Collections.
Books
Children Are Poetry (1951)
Some work also has appeared in the anthology Talking Out the Fire by Lawrence Don Joiner (John's Press, 1983 ).
References
1916 births
2002 deaths
Poets Laureate of South Carolina
American women poets
American columnists
People from Spartanburg, South Carolina
Converse College alumni
American women columnists
Poets from South Carolina
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Dmitri Vladimirovich Soloviev (, born July 18, 1989) is a Russian ice dancer. With partner Ekaterina Bobrova, he is the 2014 Olympic champion in the team event, the 2013 World bronze medalist, the 2013 European champion, the 2007 World Junior champion, and a six-time (2011–2014, 2016–2017) Russian national champion. They are also gold medalists at three Grand Prix events, the 2010 Cup of Russia, 2011 Cup of China, and the 2016 Rostelecom Cup.
Personal life
Dmitri Vladimirovich Soloviev was born 18 July 1989 in Moscow. In 2006, he married former single skater Ekaterina Lobanova, with whom he has a son, Alexander (born in 2010), but they are now divorced.
In December 2021, Soloviev was attacked by three men while defending his girlfriend Anna Sidorova and friends from abusive comments. He was hospitalised with a head injury, which occurred when he was pushed into a door.
Career
Early career
Soloviev teamed up with Bobrova in 2000. Elena Kustarova and Svetlana Alexeeva were their coaches from the beginning of their partnership. At the 2007 World Junior Championships, Bobrova/Soloviev placed first in the compulsory dance, original dance, and free dance, and won the gold medal.
2007–08 to 2011–12
Bobrova/Soloviev competed at their first senior Worlds in 2008, where they placed 13th. The following season they were not selected for the event.
During the 2009–10 season, Bobrova/Soloviev won the silver medal at 2010 Russian Nationals in December 2009, earning them their first berth to the European Championships in January 2010, where they placed 9th. They also qualified for the Olympics the following month where they finished in 15th. They also competed at their second World Championships and climbed to 8th in the rankings.
During the 2010–11 season, Bobrova/Soloviev won their first medal on the senior Grand Prix series – a silver at Cup of China. At their next event, 2010 Cup of Russia, they won their first senior Grand Prix title. In doing so, they qualified for their first senior Grand Prix Final, where they finished fourth.
At the 2011 Russian Championships, Bobrova/Soloviev finished first in both the short dance and the free dance to win their first national title. Following the event, they decided to drop their Delilah short dance in favor of a new one to Where I Want to Be which they debuted at the 2011 European Championships. They won their first medal at the event, silver. At the 2011 World Championships, they came in 6th.
In 2011–12, Bobrova/Soloviev won the gold medal at their first Grand Prix event of the season, 2011 Cup of China, with a score of 163.52 after placing first in both the short dance and in the free dance. They took the bronze medal at their next event, 2011 Cup of Russia, and then finished sixth at the Grand Prix Final. They repeated as Russian national champions and European silver medalists. Bobrova/Soloviev finished 7th at the 2012 World Championships.
2012–13 season
On 25 April 2012, Bobrova/Soloviev changed coaches to Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov. They said they were learning a different technique, as well as changing their style. In their 2012–13 free dance, Soloviev plays the insane lover of Bobrova who herself begins to slip into insanity as he starts to recover. On the short dance, Soloviev said: "The story is that we are at a ball. In the beginning, we meet and have a dance together. The first part, the polka, is very playful, but when the music changes into the waltz, that's when we fall in love with each other and it's getting more serious. In the end, we realize that we can't be together because I'm too old and she is a young girl."
Bobrova/Soloviev started the 2012–13 season with gold at the 2012 Finlandia Trophy. Winning silver at both of their Grand Prix assignments, the 2012 Skate America and 2012 Cup of China, they qualified for the 2012 Grand Prix Final in Sochi, Russia. After a fall from Soloviev in their free dance, they finished 5th overall behind Italian ice dancers Anna Cappellini / Luca Lanotte. At the 2013 Russian Championships, they won their third national title.
Bobrova/Soloviev won the gold medal in their fourth appearance at the European Championships, narrowly edging out their teammates Elena Ilinykh / Nikita Katsalapov. They stepped onto the World podium for the first time at the 2013 World Championships in London, Ontario where they won the bronze medal. Named in the Russian team to the 2013 World Team Trophy, they withdrew after Soloviev aggravated a groin injury on 1 April and was told to rest for at least ten days.
2013–14 season
Competing on the 2013–14 ISU Grand Prix series, Bobrova/Soloviev won silver at the 2013 Cup of China and gold at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup before finishing fourth at the 2013 Grand Prix Final, behind Nathalie Pechalat / Fabian Bourzat. They won their fourth consecutive national title at the 2014 Russian Championships. Feeling their free dance was not working, they decided to return to the one from the previous season.
In February 2014, Bobrova/Soloviev competed at the Winter Olympics in Sochi. In the team event, they placed third in their assigned segment, the short dance, and Russia went on to win the gold medal. Bobrova/Soloviev ranked fifth in the separate ice dancing event. A month later, they traveled to Saitama, Japan for the 2014 World Championships. On 28 March, Soloviev sustained a groin injury during the morning practice before the short dance, causing them to withdraw. He returned to the ice cautiously in the second week of April.
2014–15 season
For the 2014–15 Grand Prix season, Bobrova/Soloviev were assigned to the 2014 Skate America and 2014 Trophee Eric Bompard. As a result of Soloviev's knee surgery, they withdrew from both events and decided to sit out the remainder of the season to allow him to recover fully.
2015–16 season
During the 2015–16 Grand Prix series, Bobrova/Soloviev won the bronze medal at the 2015 Skate Canada International and then silver at the 2015 NHK Trophy. These placements gave them the last spot at the final, ahead of compatriots Victoria Sinitsina / Nikita Katsalapov. They finished 5th at the 2015–16 Grand Prix Final in Barcelona, Spain. In late December, Bobrova/Soloviev were awarded their fifth national title at the 2016 Russian Championships held in Yekaterinburg.
On January 27–30, Bobrova/Soloviev won the bronze medal at the 2016 European Championships with a personal best overall score of 176.50 points. On 7 March 2016, Bobrova announced that she had tested positive for meldonium. Expressing "shock" about the test result, she stated that she had been aware of meldonium's addition to the banned list (on 1 January 2016) and had been careful to avoid products containing banned substances.
2016–17 season
Bobrova/Soloviev started their season by winning the gold medal at the 2016 CS Ondrej Nepela Memorial. Competing on the Grand Prix series, they won two medals, first the bronze medal at the 2016 Skate America and then the gold medal at the 2017 Rostelecom Cup. These results qualified them to the 2016–17 Grand Prix Final where they placed 4th after placing 5th in the short dance and 4th in the free dance.
in December 2016 they won the gold medal at the 2017 Russian Championships. A month later they won the bronze medal at the 2017 European Championships after winning the short dance and placing 3rd in the free dance. They later competed at the 2017 World Championships where they placed 5th and at the 2017 World Team Trophy where their team won the silver medal.
2017–18 season
Ekaterina Bobrova and Dmitri Soloviev are at a point in their career where retirement is on the horizon. An Olympic season is special for all skaters, but it is even more special if it might be the last competitive season.
Again Bobrova/Soloviev started their season by winning the gold medal at the CS Ondrej Nepela Trophy. This was their 2nd consecutive victory at the Ondrej Nepela Trophy. Competing on the Grand Prix series, they won two medals, first the silver medal at the 2017 Rostelecom Cup and then the bronze medal at the 2017 Cup of China.
In December 2017 they first won the gold medal the 2017 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb and then they won another gold medal at the 2018 Russian Championships. This was the 7th time that they had won the gold medal at the Russian Championships. A month later they won the silver medal at the 2018 European Championships after placing 4th in the short dance and 2nd in the free dance. At the 2018 Europeans they scored their personal best score of 187.13 points.
In February 2018 Bobrova/Soloviev placed 5th at the 2018 Winter Olympics after placing 6th in the short dance and 4th in the free dance. A week earlier they had won the olympic silver medal at the team event of the 2018 Winter Olympics. They later withdrew from the 2018 World Championships.
Programs
(with Bobrova)
Competitive highlights
(with Bobrova)
Detailed results
Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships. At team events, medals awarded for team results only.
References
External links
Official website
Russian male ice dancers
Figure skaters from Moscow
Living people
1989 births
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Russia
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in figure skating
Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Olympic silver medalists for Olympic Athletes from Russia
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Estradiol benzoate/trenbolone acetate, sold under the brand names Synovex Choice, Synovex One, Synovex Plus, Synovex with Trenbolone Acetate, is an implantable combination medication of estradiol benzoate (EB), an estrogen, and trenbolone acetate, an androgen/anabolic steroid, which is used in veterinary medicine as a growth promoter for livestock. It is provided in the form of pellets of pure crystalline estradiol benzoate and trenbolone acetate and is administered by subcutaneous implantation at regular intervals.
See also
Estradiol benzoate/progesterone
Estradiol benzoate/testosterone propionate
List of combined sex-hormonal preparations § Estrogens, progestogens, and androgens
References
Combined estrogen–androgen formulations
John Heather (25 April 1923 – 2008) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1923 births
2008 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Derby County F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Belper Town F.C. players
Ransome & Marles F.C. players
Laka Rawali is a former Papua New Guinea international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Rawali was selected as part of the five-man team by Papua New Guinea for the 1984 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Aberdeen, Scotland.
He won a gold medal at the 1987 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships in the fours at Lae in his home country.
References
Living people
Papua New Guinean male bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carlo Pallavicino (died 1497) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lodi (1456–1497).
On 21 June 1456, Carlo Pallavicino was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Lodi.
He served as Bishop of Lodi until his death in 1497.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
15th-century births
Year of birth uncertain
1497 deaths
The Combined Joint Expeditionary Force (CJEF) is an Anglo-French military force. It draws upon both the British Armed Forces and the French Armed Forces to field a deployable force with land, air and maritime components together with command and control and supporting logistics.
Background
The Combined Joint Expeditionary Force (or CJEF) is envisaged as a deployable, combined Anglo-French military force for use in a wide range of crisis scenarios, up to and including high intensity combat operations. As a joint force it involves all three armed services: a land component composed of formations at national brigade level, maritime and air components with their associated headquarters, together with logistics and support functions.
The CJEF is not conceived as a standing force; instead, is available at short notice for UK-French bilateral, NATO, European Union, United Nations or other operations. Combined air and land exercises commenced during 2011 with a view towards developing a full capability. The CJEF is also seen as a potential stimulus towards greater interoperability and coherence in military doctrine, training and equipment requirements.
The UK and French defence ministries have jointly produced a User Guide (in English) to assist military staff operating at the operational and higher tactical levels of CJEF operations. This guide, jointly developed by the Development, Concepts and Doctrine Centre at Shrivenham, UK, and the Centre Interarmées de Concepts, de Doctrine et d'Expérimentations in Paris, has been published on the French Ministry of Defence website.
History and development
In 2010, the governments of the UK and France signed the Lancaster House Treaties which committed both governments to the creation of an Anglo-French Combined Joint Expeditionary Force (CJEF). This was outlined as follows:
In 2012, the UK-France Summit revealed further information on the CJEF. The two governments reaffirmed their commitments, stating that their recent expeditionary operations in Libya had proven the CJEF's relevance. It was announced that the CJEF would be operational from 2016 and that it would be "an early entry force capable of facing multiple threats up to the highest intensity". The two governments also agreed to continue the development of a joint maritime task group force which would be available by 2020 and comprise maritime assets owned by both countries. A joint exercise, named Exercise Corsican Lion, was also announced to test and further develop the CJEF, which subsequently took place in October 2012.
In 2013, a large-scale joint amphibious exercise in the Red Sea, named Exercise Djibouti Lion, was cancelled. British Defence Minister Mark Francois stated that it was cancelled due to "administrative issues" and not due to a lack of resources as the media had reported.
During the 2014 UK-France Summit, both governments announced that "good progress" was being made on the delivery of the CJEF. The creation of an integrated national Joint Task Force Headquarters was announced, as well as a Combined Logistics Support Group to sustain the CJEF. Two major exercises to take place in 2015 and 2016 were also announced.
In April 2016, Exercise Griffin Strike began to take place in the UK involving up to 5,000 personnel. It was dubbed the CJEF's "biggest development test" by the UK Ministry of Defence and involved land, air and sea components. Typhoon fighters of the Royal Air Force and Rafale fighters of the French Air Force were deployed to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire. At sea, Royal Navy ships, including , and , combined with French Navy ships, including the , and . On land, elements of the British Army's 3rd (UK) Division and the French Army's 7th Mechanised Brigade, including paratroopers, armoured units and infantrymen, came together.
Structure of CJEF
Role
The CJEF comprises strategic, operational and tactical level Command and Control elements, together with deployable sea, land, air and logistical components.
It is seen as being able to conduct offensive and defensive operations on land, in the air, and at sea. It is designed to be rapidly deployable and, once ready in theatre, to be sustainable for up to three months of operations as a stand-alone force; as well as having the ability to include other nations as coalition partners. The UK and France see the following as the most likely tasks for the CJEF:
crisis management, involving early entry into a potentially hostile territory (including the initial enforcement of no-fly zones, embargoes and sanctions);
the protection of shared national interests abroad;
extraction operations;
non-combatant evacuation operations;
the temporary strengthening of a peacekeeping operation;
support to emergency humanitarian assistance.
Command & Control
At the strategic level Command and Control (C2) is exercised via a CJEF Current Commitments Team (CCT) which takes its direction jointly from the UK's Chief of the Defence Staff and France's Chef d'État Major des Armées.
The CJEF CCT provides strategic military direction to the CJEF Operational Headquarters (OHQ) which, depending on circumstances, is to be based either in the UK at PJHQ Northwood or in France at Fort Mont-Valérien.
The OHQ carries out operational level planning with the conduct of the operation being commanded by the deployed tactical headquarters the Combined Joint Force Headquarters (CJFHQ). The C2 arrangements are summarised as follows:
Strategic level – CJEF Current Commitments Team (CCT)
Operational level – CJEF Operational Headquarters (OHQ)
Tactical level – deployable Combined Joint Force Headquarters (CJFHQ), and as required:
Combined Logistics Support Group (CLSG) headquarters.
Maritime component commander.
Land component commander.
Air component commander.
Deployable Components
The CJEF is planned to be able to deploy maritime, land, and air components with the CJFHQ commanding these either directly or via individual component commanders.
A maritime component of up to a naval task group based on one or more capital ships, with the maritime forces required to conduct a particular CJEF operation being primarily depended on the circumstances. The component may include any combination of UK and French maritime assets gathered in a task group, and commanded from a UK/French combined headquarters that could be led by either nation.
A scalable land component of at least a UK battle-group and a French battle-group. It is to be capable of conducting non-enduring, complex intervention operations, facing multiple threats up to high intensity. It is planned as a high-readiness force using existing national high readiness force elements – including lead elements at very short notice.
An air component comprising an expeditionary air wing that is self-sufficient and capable of being generated within 10 days of activation. This will include all air assets across the full spectrum of air power roles. It is envisaged that the air component will be able to deliver the full spectrum of air effects.
A logistics component with which the UK and France envisage collaborating to share the logistics support of the CJEF. Cooperative logistic planning is foreseen as commencing at the earliest opportunity and logistic operations will typically be commanded by a Combined Logistics Support Group headquarters, subordinate to the CJTF headquarters.
Relationship to European Union Defence Policy
While the CJEF may, with both French and UK government agreement, be used for European Union (EU) tasks it is not formally part of the EU's Common Security and Defence Policy. It does not use the separate Lisbon Treaty's Permanent Structured Cooperation facility, nor involve the European Defence Agency.
See also
Entente frugale
Eurocorps
France–United Kingdom relations
Franco-German Brigade
NATO
Response Force Task Group
UK Joint Expeditionary Force
Joint Rapid Reaction Force
Allied Rapid Reaction Corps
European Intervention Initiative
References
France–United Kingdom military relations
2010 in France
21st-century military history of the United Kingdom
Expeditionary units and formations
2010 in military history
2010 in the United Kingdom
21st-century military history of France
was the 7th (and final) daimyō of Tanaka Domain in Suruga Province, Japan (modern-day Shizuoka prefecture) and 9th head of the branch of the Honda clan descended from Honda Tadashige. His courtesy title was Kii-no-kami, later changed to Hōki-no-kami.
Biography
Honda Masamori was born as the 7th son of the 5th daimyō of Tanaka Domain (Honda Masaoki). In 1856, he was adopted by his elder brother Honda Masahiro as heir, and was received in formal audience by Shogun Tokugawa Iesada in 1857, who awarded him the courtesy title of Kii-no-kami and court rank of Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade. On the death of his brother in 1860, he became daimyō of Tanaka Domain. In 1862, he was appointed to the newly-created post of Gakumonjo-bugyō. In 1863, he built a jin'ya at the domain's exclave in Shimōsa Province, and many of his retainers from the domain's shimo-yashiki in Fukagawa, Edo relocated to the new location. In 1864, he was appointed Sunpu jōdai, a post which he held into the Boshin War. Through mediation of Owari Domain, he agreed to surrender Sunpu Castle to the new Meiji government in June 1868.
With the Meiji Restoration of 1868, the final Tokugawa Shōgun, Tokugawa Yoshinobu, surrendered his title to Emperor Meiji, and relocated from Edo to Sumpu, with the provinces of Suruga, Izu and Mikawa as his personal domains. Tanaka Domain was included within the area of the new Shizuoka Domain, and in September 1868, Honda Masamori was ordered to relocate to the newly created Nagao Domain in Awa province, with the same nominal revenue of 40,000 koku. In February 1869, he moved the domainal academy from Tanaka to Nagao. In June of the same year, the title of daimyō was abolished, and he became imperial governor of Nagao.
On December 14, 1870, he turned Nagao Domain over to his adopted son, Honda Masanori, and retired from public life. He died in 1885 at the age of 58, and his grave is at Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo. He was married to a daughter of Matsudaira Nobuoki of Yoshii Domain, and after her death remarried to a daughter of Inagaki Nagakata of Toba Domain.
References
Tanaka on "Edo 300 HTML"
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Fudai daimyo
1827 births
Honda clan
1885 deaths
People of the Boshin War
Santa Terezinha is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso.
The city is served by Santa Terezinha Airport.
References
Municipalities in Mato Grosso
In mathematics, the Grauert–Riemenschneider vanishing theorem is an extension of the Kodaira vanishing theorem on the vanishing of higher cohomology groups of coherent sheaves on a compact complex manifold, due to .
References
Theorems in algebraic geometry
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Warwickshire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Bibliography
Binns, Alison (1989) Studies in the History of Medieval Religion 1: Dedications of Monastic Houses in England and Wales 1066–1216, Boydell
Cobbett, William (1868) List of Abbeys, Priories, Nunneries, Hospitals, And Other Religious Foundations in England and Wales and in Ireland, Confiscated, Seized On, or Alienated by the Protestant "Reformation" Sovereigns and Parliaments
Knowles, David & Hadcock, R. Neville (1971) Medieval Religious Houses England & Wales. Longman
Morris, Richard (1979) Cathedrals and Abbeys of England and Wales, J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd.
Thorold, Henry (1986) Collins Guide to Cathedrals, Abbeys and Priories of England and Wales, Collins
Thorold, Henry (1993) Collins Guide to the Ruined Abbeys of England, Wales and Scotland, Collins
Wright, Geoffrey N., (2004) Discovering Abbeys and Priories, Shire Publications Ltd.
English Cathedrals and Abbeys, Illustrated, Odhams Press Ltd.
Map of Monastic Britain, South Sheet, Ordnance Survey, 2nd edition, 1954
Medieval sites in England
Warwickshire
Warwickshire
Lists of buildings and structures in Warwickshire
C. Dupre was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team that won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics. But C. Dupre did not start.
References
International Olympic Committee Database
Haitian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Haiti
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Buuz (; /Buuza, , Chinese: 包子/Baozi) is a type of Mongolian steamed dumpling filled with meat. An example of authentic Mongolian and Buryatian cuisine, the dish is traditionally eaten at home during Tsagaan Sar, the Lunar New Year. These days it is also offered at restaurants and small cafes throughout the capital city of Ulaanbaatar.
History and function
Buuz is the Mongolian version of the steamed dumpling which is commonly found throughout the region. Etymologically, it reveals its origin to China, as baozi () is the Mandarin word for steamed dumpling. They are eaten in great quantities throughout the year but especially during the Mongolian New Year celebrations, which usually fall in February. Buuz are prepared in the weeks before and left outside to freeze; they are consumed with salads and fried bread, accompanied by suutei tsai (Mongolian tea) and vodka.
Ingredients and preparation
Buuz are filled with minced mutton or beef, which is flavoured with onion and/or garlic and salted. Occasionally, they are flavoured with sprouted fennel seeds and other seasonal herbs. Mashed potato, cabbage, or rice may be added as well.
The meat ball is then placed inside a small pocket of dough which is folded around the ball with a small opening at the top and in the chef's own personal style. The buuz is then steamed and eaten by hand, with the dough pocket catching the juices of the meat.
The filling in buuz is similar to another Mongolian dumpling, khuushuur; however, the latter is fried.
See also
Khuushuur
Gürzə, the Azerbaijani equivalent
Khinkali, the Georgian equivalent
Gyoza, the Japanese equivalent
Jiaozi and baozi, Chinese equivalents
Mandu, the Korean version
Mantı, the Turkic/Central Asian version
Modak, the Indian equivalent
Momo, Nepalese & Tibetan equivalent
Pelmeni, the Russian equivalent
Vareniki, the Ukrainian/Polish/Lithuanian equivalent
List of steamed foods
References
External links
Buuz recipe from mongolfood.info
Mongolian cuisine
Buryat cuisine
Tuvan cuisine
Kalmyk cuisine
Altai cuisine
Dumplings
National dishes
Steamed foods
In algebraic geometry, the Mumford vanishing theorem proved by Mumford in 1967 states that if L is a semi-ample invertible sheaf with Iitaka dimension at least 2 on a complex projective manifold, then
The Mumford vanishing theorem is related to the Ramanujam vanishing theorem, and is generalized by the Kawamata–Viehweg vanishing theorem.
References
Theorems in algebraic geometry
Ivelin Iliev (; born 8 August 1997) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Bulgarian Third League club Rozova Dolina.
Career
Iliev started his youth career at the local club Rozova Dolina. Later he moved to Beroe Stara Zagora's academy. In 2014, he moved to Vereya, playing with the team in the B Group. In the beginning of 2016 he returned to Beroe, making his debut in the A Group on 30 April 2016 in a match against Slavia Sofia.
In July 2017, Iliev signed with Botev Vratsa but was released a few weeks later and subsequently joined his hometown club Rozova Dolina.
On 1 July 2018, Iliev joined Kariana.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
People from Kazanlak
Bulgarian footballers
Association football wingers
FC Vereya players
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora players
FC Botev Galabovo players
FC Kariana Erden players
FC Montana players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Topilin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Topilina. It may refer to
Gelena Topilina (born 1994), Russian competitor in synchronized swimming
Maxim Topilin (born 1967), Russian economist and minister
Russian-language surnames
Batrachorhina paralichenea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1970. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1970
The W. C. Farley Building, is a historic commercial building in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California. It was built and designed in 1927, by master builder Michael J. Murphy as a retail shop. It is an example of a Mediterranean Revival architecture style building. The structure is recognized as an important commercial building in the city's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey, and was nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on June 19, 2002. The building is now occupied by All About the Chocolate and Zimmerman Gallery.
History
The W. C. Farley Building was established for businessman W. C. Farley in 1927, located on Dolores Street between Ocean Avenue and 7th Avenue in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, opposite the Mary Dummage Shop and the grouping of shops along Dolores Street that include the El Paseo Building, Tuck Box, De Yoe Building, Percy Parkes Building, and the Isabel Leidig Building. This group of buildings is one of the most architecturally significant business blocks in Carmel.
The W. C. Farley Building is a one-story Mediterranean Revival architecture-style building commercial building constructed of reinforced concrete with a low-pitched Spanish-style ceramic clay tile roof with a Carmel stone wall. The three wedge shaped shop stone entrances have low arched show windows with Dutch doors. Awnings were installed that cover one of the arched window and the entrance doors. In 1927, the cost of the by building was $6,000 ().
The center shop has a horizontal wood beam or lintel above the main entrance door that reads: "TA SUNKA WETKA," meaning "Chief Crazy Horse." It comes from the fact that Farley operated a general store and post office on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota, and when he left the Indians gave him this honorary title.
The building qualified for inclusion in the city's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey, and has been nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on June 19, 2002. The property is significant under the California Register criterion 3, in the area of commercial Mediterranean Revival architecture development in downtown Carmel and as work done by master builder Michael J. Murphy.
The Dolores Street property has been the home of many businesses over the years. It was the site of the W. C. Farley's Mission Cleaners business for more than 60 years.
Several additions and remodeling's took place over the years. In 1927, a dry-cleaning plant was constructed to the rear of the building by Murphy for $700 (). The cleaning plant was remodeled in 1969 for $10,000 (). In 1983, new store windows, Dutch doors, and awning were completed by contractor Alan Williams for $1,200 (). In 2000, an interior remodel was done for $1,800 ().
W. C. Farley
William Clarence Farley (1885-1966) was born on November 13, 1885, in Indiana. His father was Forrest Silvers Farley (1854-1934) and his mother was Eva Louise Eaton (1857-1939). He married Nellie L. Copeland (1885-1968) on June 12, 1908, in Butte, Nebraska. They had one child during their marriage, Henrietta F. Farley (1909-1997).
In the early 1920s, Farley first entered the dry cleaning business when he purchased a plant at Paso Robles, California. In 1924, Farley founded the first dry-cleaning business in Carmel-by-the-Sea.
Farley was called to Washington, D.C. in the 1930s by the National Association of Cleaners and Dyers, where he served as technical field engineer for several years. In 1934, he then became the technical engineer in the dry cleaning industry at the Marshall Steel plant in Oakland, California, and directed the activities of a new $250,000 () plant.
He later moved to Brownsville, Texas with his daughter, Henrietta and her husband Frederick de Stefano (1900-1974).
On June 22, 1958, William and Nellie Farley celebrated their fiftieth golden wedding anniversary at Elm Grove Lodge at North Terre Haute, Indiana. He was there visiting his sister, Nellie E. Farley (1895-1997) and brother, James Lee Farley (1880-1958). Another brother, Harry E. Farley (1892-1973) was in Carmel-by-the-Sea.
Farley died on December 1, 1966, in Brownsville, Texas, at the age of 81. He was buried at the Buena Vista Burial Park in Brownsville.
See also
List of Historic Buildings in Carmel-by-the-Sea
References
External links
Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey
1927 establishments in California
Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
Buildings and structures in Monterey County, California
Stave Falls Dam is a dual-dam power complex on the Stave River in Stave Falls, British Columbia, Canada. The dam was completed in 1912 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production. To increase the capacity of Stave Lake, the dam was raised in 1925 and the Blind Slough Dam constructed in an adjacent watercourse to the north, which was the site of the eponymous Stave Falls. In 2000, the dam's powerhouse was replaced after a four-year upgrade. The original Stave Falls powerhouse was once British Columbia's largest hydroelectric power source, and is a National Historic Site of Canada.
Background
The Stave Falls Dam was first visualized in the 1890s as hydroelectric development was becoming widespread. Exploiting the drop of Stave Falls could produce hydroelectricity which could be sold to various customers. In 1895, Stave Lake Electric and Power Co. Ltd was given permission to study the falls for electricity production. In 1909, the Western Canada Power Company bought Stave Lake Electric and Power and began construction on the dam. The first generator went online in December 1911 and the second in January 1912. Generators three and fourth went online in 1916 and 1922, respectively. In 1921, British Columbia Electric Railway bought Western Canada Power and continued to develop the power plant. A fifth generator was installed after it was realized that additional water from a dam raise and a reservoir created by the Alouette Dam (in the Alouette River drainage just west) could increase power production. The Stave Falls Dam was raised in 1925 and the fifth generator was operational on 19 September 1925. In 1926, the Blind Slough Dam was completed to supplement the reservoir's new size and serve as a spillway. Alouette Dam was completed in 1928.
Beginning in 1995, the original power station underwent decommissioning and was replaced with a new powerhouse containing two Kaplan turbines. The project included the construction of a new power plant intake, power house, tailrace channel and penstocks. It was completed in January 2000 and increased the installed capacity of the power plant from 52.5 MW to 90 MW.
The old powerhouse currently serves as a tourist attraction known as the Stave Falls Visitor Centre. It features exhibits about the construction of the dam, hydroelectric generation, renewable and non-renewable resources, hydroelectric generation, human and natural heritage, and conservation.
Design
The Stave Falls Dam is a long concrete-gravity and rock-fill dam with a crest width of . The Blind Slough Dam, to the north, is a long concrete-gravity dam with an wide crest. The Blind Slough Dam serves as a spillway which consists of 10 tainter gates and four sluice gates. It has a maximum discharge of .
The dam's current powerhouse contains two 45 MW Kaplan turbines and generators for an installed capacity of 90 MW. Unit one receives water from a long tunnel while that of unit two is long. The old decommissioned powerhouse at the base of the Stave Falls Dam contains five horizontal double-Francis turbine-generators. Included are three exciters, two of which were once driven by smaller Francis turbines. Generators one through four used two exciters while generator five used its own. The penstocks for generators one through four had a diameter and were in length.
Operation
The Stave Falls Dam is part of the Alouette-Stave Falls-Ruskin Hydroelectric Complex. Supplementing Stave Lake is water from Alouette Lake which was created by the Alouette Dam, northwest of Stave Falls Dam. A long tunnel connects Alouette Lake and Stave Lake. At the end of the tunnel is a penstock which feeds the 8 MW Alouette Powerhouse on the edge of Stave Lake. Water released from the lake flows into Hayward Lake and is used by the powerhouse adjacent to Ruskin Dam downstream for power generation.
See also
BCER Stave Falls Branch
List of electrical generating stations in British Columbia
References
External links
Stave Falls Visitor Centre
Flickr gallery "Ruskin", Maple Ridge Community Association, which includes pictures of the powerhouse under construction
Dams in British Columbia
Gravity dams
Hydroelectric power stations in British Columbia
Dams completed in 1912
Museums in British Columbia
Science museums in Canada
Mission, British Columbia
1912 establishments in British Columbia
BC Hydro
Publicly owned dams in Canada
Oxynitrilase may refer to:
(S)-hydroxynitrile lyase, an enzyme
Hydroxymandelonitrile lyase, an enzyme
The Los Angeles Aviators are a professional Ultimate team that competes in the West Division of the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL). The Aviators played their first season in 2015.
History
The American Ultimate Disc League formally announced the Aviators as an expansion team in October 2014, to compete in the West Division for the 2015 season. During the ensuing offseason, the Aviators signed much of the LA talent pool, as well as luring some players from the San Jose Spiders.
The Aviators earned their first AUDL playoff berth in 2016, and advanced again the following season. In 2018, the Aviators advanced to AUDL Championship Weekend.
References
2015 establishments in California
Ultimate teams established in 2015
Ultimate (sport) teams
Sports in Los Angeles
Erigeron salmonensis is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Salmon River fleabane. It has been found only in the Salmon River Canyon in central Idaho.
Erigeron salmonensis grows on ledges and cracks in north-facing cliffs. It is a perennial herb up to 35 cm (14 inches) tall, forming a woody underground caudex. The inflorescence generally contains only 1-3 flower heads per stem. Each head contains 11–15 white ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
salmonensis
Flora of Idaho
Plants described in 1989
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Bedina Varoš is a town in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1,680 inhabitants.
References
External links
Populated places in Moravica District
Zhou (), known in historiography as the Northern Zhou (), was a Xianbei-led dynasty of China that lasted from 557 to 581. One of the Northern dynasties of China's Northern and Southern dynasties period, it succeeded the Western Wei dynasty and was eventually overthrown by the Sui dynasty.
History
The Northern Zhou's basis of power was established by Yuwen Tai, who was paramount general of Western Wei, following the split of Northern Wei into Western Wei and Eastern Wei in 535. After Yuwen Tai's death in 556, Yuwen Tai's nephew Yuwen Hu forced Emperor Gong of Western Wei to yield the throne to Yuwen Tai's son Yuwen Jue (Emperor Xiaomin), establishing Northern Zhou. The reigns of the first three emperors (Yuwen Tai's sons) Emperor Xiaomin, Emperor Ming, and Emperor Wu were dominated by Yuwen Hu, until Emperor Wu ambushed and killed Yuwen Hu in 572 and assumed power personally. With Emperor Wu as a capable ruler, Northern Zhou destroyed rival Northern Qi in 577, taking over Northern Qi's territory. However, Emperor Wu's death in 578 doomed the state, as his son Emperor Xuan was an arbitrary and violent ruler whose unorthodox behavior greatly weakened the state. After his death in 580, when he was already nominally retired (Taishang Huang), Xuan's father-in-law Yang Jian took power, and in 581 seized the throne from Emperor Xuan's son Emperor Jing, establishing Sui. The young Emperor Jing and the imperial Yuwen clan, were subsequently slaughtered by Yang Jian.
The area was known as Guannei 關內. The Northern Zhou drew upon the Zhou dynasty for inspiration. The Northern Zhou military included Han Chinese.
Cultural artifacts
Emperors
Emperors' family tree
See also
List of pre-modern great powers
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
Book of Zhou
History of Northern Dynasties
Zizhi Tongjian
External links
Dynasties in Chinese history
Former countries in Chinese history
557 establishments
581 disestablishments
6th-century establishments in China
6th-century disestablishments in China
Eric Arthur Gardner (27 June 1881 – 24 May 1905) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The younger brother of Corrie Gardner, Eric was a long kicking forward. He played as a wingman and missed out on playing in Melbourne's 1900 premiership side, in his debut season, through injury.
He entered Trinity College (University of Melbourne) in 1900, where he was a member of the football team that won the 1902 intercollegiate premiership, and also participated in athletics, winning the 120-yard hurdles and coming third in the long jump and at the University sports day in 1902.
Gardner died young in 1905 while in Sweden.
References
External links
1881 births
1905 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Melbourne Football Club players
People educated at Melbourne Grammar School
People educated at Trinity College (University of Melbourne)
Albert Fleischmann (June 28, 1862 – November 19, 1942) was a German zoologist.
Career
Fleischmann was born in Nuremberg. He studied comparative embryology at the University of Erlangen in Bavaria. He obtained his Ph.D. in 1885. He became assistant professor of zoology and comparative anatomy in 1896 and professor in 1898. In 1901, he published a book Die Descendenztheorie which attacked Darwinism, evolution and theories of common descent.
In 1907, Vernon Lyman Kellogg described Fleischmann as the "only biologist of recognized position, of whom I am aware, who publicly declares disbelief in the theory of descent." Palaeontologist William Berryman Scott noted that because of his anti-evolutionary views, Fleischmann was "almost entirely alone in modern biological literature." His anti-evolutionary writings were criticized by biologist August Weismann and zoologist Sinai Tschulok.
Fleischmann married Franziska Kiefl in 1902, they had one son, Rudolf. He was involved in forming Erlangen bee breeding institute in 1907. He was the author of a popular zoology textbook and a book which contained a series of lectures held in 1921–1922 at the University of Erlangen. He retired in 1933.
Publications
Embryologische Untersuchungen (3 volumes, 1889-1893)
Lehrbuch der Zoologie. Nach morphogenetischen Gesichtspunkten (1896-1898)
Die Descendenztheorie (1901)
Die Darwinsche Theorie (1903)
Beiträge zur Naturgeschichte der Honigbiene (1910) [with Theodor Weippl and Enoch Zander]
Der Entwicklungsgedanke in der gegenwärtigen Natur- und Geisteswissenschaft (1922)
Einführung in die Tierkunde (1928)
The Doctrine of Organic Evolution in the Light of Modern Research (1933)
See also
Otto Kleinschmidt
References
External links
1862 births
1942 deaths
Christian creationists
20th-century German zoologists
Scientists from Nuremberg
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg alumni
19th-century German zoologists
The Wild Tchoupitoulas were originally a group of Mardi Gras Indians formed in the early 1970s by George "Big Chief Jolly" Landry. Landry, with his, Autochthon American (Choctaw) heritage, had been an active performer in the Mardi Gras Indian styling for a number of years. The group is named after the Tchoupitoulas tribe who also gave their name to Tchoupitoulas Street.
With help from local New Orleans musicians The Meters, The Wild Tchoupitoulas recorded an eponymous album, which featured the "call-and-response" style chants typical of Mardi Gras Indians. Vocals were provided by Landry, as well as other members of his Mardi Gras tribe. Instrumentation was provided in part by members of the Meters. The album also notably featured Landry's nephews, the Neville Brothers, providing harmonies and some of the instrumentation. The album was produced by famed New Orleans writer-musician-producer Allen Toussaint.
While not a financial success, the album and The Wild Tchoupitoulas' style was well received critically and the experience working with them encouraged the four Neville brothers to continue performing together as a group.
Discography
The Wild Tchoupitoulas (1976)
See also
Tchoupitoulas Street
References
Musical groups from New Orleans
Mardi Gras in New Orleans
Musical groups established in 1976
Harmanlı is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Scottish Opera is the national opera company of Scotland, and one of the five national performing arts companies of Scotland. Founded in 1962 and based in Glasgow, it is the largest performing arts organisation in Scotland.
History
Scottish Opera was founded by conductor Alexander Gibson in 1962. In 1975 it purchased the Theatre Royal in Glasgow from Scottish Television re-opening it as the first national opera house for Scotland in October 1975 with Die Fledermaus. In March 2005, the management of the Theatre Royal was transferred to the Ambassador Theatre Group, but remains the home of Scottish Opera and of Scottish Ballet.
Scottish Opera dealt with various financial troubles, related to lack of funding and accusations of fiscal profligacy, during the first part of the 2000s. Its cycle of Richard Wagner's Ring was critically acclaimed, but also was highly draining of the company's financial resources. In 2004, a financial restructuring plan had called for the elimination of 88 jobs, including all 34 members of the chorus, and the suspension of the entire 2005–06 season. In protest, Sir Richard Armstrong announced his resignation in December 2004, effective at the end of the 2004–05 season.
Alex Reedijk became general director of the company in 2006. In August 2007, effective the same month, the company announced the appointment of Francesco Corti as its next music director.
Recent commissions include the Five:15 Operas Made in Scotland, part of a five-year research and development project to find the next generation of opera-makers, composers and librettists.
Awards
The company has won awards, including the Barclays TMA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Opera for Macbeth and Der Rosenkavalier (both in 1994) and for Die Walküre and Siegfried (both in 2002), and the South Bank Show Award for "Best Opera" for the Ring Cycle (2004) and a Herald Angel Award for The Two Widows at the Edinburgh International Festival in 2008.
Foreign tours
Scottish Opera has also staged many successful productions abroad, including Albert Herring in Florence, Egisto (opera) in Venice, tours in Germany, Austria, Portugal, France, Switzerland, Yugoslavia and Iceland and recent years including Peter Grimes and Tristan und Isolde in Lisbon; Macbeth at the Vienna International Festival and the European premiere of MacMillan's Ines de Castro in Porto, Portugal.
Music directors
Sir Alexander Gibson (1962–86)
John Mauceri (1986–92)
Sir Richard Armstrong (1992–2005)
Francesco Corti (2007 – July 2013)
Emmanuel Joel-Hornack (July 2013 – September 2013)
Stuart Stratford (June 2015–Present)
Notes
References
Magnusson, Magnus (1963), The Opera Makers, in New Saltire No. 8, June 1963, New Saltire Ltd., Edinburgh, pp. 5 - 18
External links
Scottish Opera
Glasgow Theatre Royal Heritage project website
1962 establishments in Scotland
Musical groups established in 1962
Opera
British opera companies
Music in Glasgow
Theatre companies in Scotland
Organisations based in Glasgow
Scottish opera companies
The Earth Group () was a Croatian arts collective active in Zagreb, Croatia from 1929 to 1935, when it was banned. The group aimed to defend their artistic independence against foreign influences such as Impressionism or Neoclassicism and art for art's sake. They maintained that art should mirror the social milieu from which it springs and should meet contemporary needs, hence their emphasis on the popularization of art, both at home and abroad. In spite of its ideologically heterogeneous membership, the group was considered Marxist in orientation but never espoused socialist realism.
Members and guests
Founding members of the group: sculptors Antun Augustinčić and Frano Kršinić; painters Vinko Grdan, Krsto Hegedušić, Leo Junek, Omer Mujadžić, Oton Postružnik, Kamilo Ružička and Ivan Tabaković; and the architect Drago Ibler (who also served as the group's chairman).
Members who later joined the group: Marijan Detoni, Ivan Generalić, Željko Hegedušić, Fedor Vaić, Vilim Svečnjak, Edo Kovačević, Branka Hegedušić-Frangeš, Ernest Tomašević, Lavoslav Horvat, Stjepan Planić and Mladen Kauzlarić.
Guest artists whose works were shown at some of the group's exhibitions: Otti Berger, Petar Franjić, Drago Galić, Stjepan Gomboš, Aleksander Mikloš, Franjo Mraz, Josip Pičman, Danilo Raušević, Petar Smajić, and Zdenko Strižić.
Exhibitions
1st exhibition (as Udruženje umjetnika Zemlja) at Salon Ulrich in Zagreb, 1929
2nd exhibition (as L'Association artistique "Zemlja") at Gelerie Billiet in Paris, 1931
3rd exhibition (as Udruženje umjetnika Zemlja) at Umjetnički paviljon in Zagreb, 1932
4th exhibition (as Udruženje umjetnika Zemlja) at Umjetnički paviljon in Zagreb, 1934
5th exhibition (as Družestvo Zemlja - Zagreb) at Galerija Preslav in Sofia, 1934
6th exhibition (as Udruženje umjetnika Zemlja) at Umjetnički paviljon Cvijete Zuzorić in Belgrade, 1935
References
Croatian art
1930s in Croatia
20th century in Zagreb
Croatian artist groups and collectives
Kota Melaka is a federal constituency in Melaka Tengah District, Malacca, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Kota Melaka constituency has a total of 46 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Malacca federal constituencies
The 1931–32 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 24th since its establishment.
Overview
Royal Navy won the title.
References
RSSSF
1931–32 in Asian association football leagues
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
3
Cameraria mediodorsella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The wingspan is 7-8.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus garryana, Quercus kelloggii, Quercus lobata and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the upperside of the leaf. The shape is oblong to quadrate and the epidermis is opaque with a yellow tan. The mine is located in a lobe or at the base adjacent to the midrib.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
Alexander Yellen (born January 26, 1981) is an American cinematographer who is best known for his work on the Syfy zombie series Z Nation, giant monster and disaster movies such as Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus and Titanic II. The former earned praise for Yellen's photography.
Early life
Born in Washington D.C. to archaeologist John Yellen and anthropology professor Alison Brooks, Alexander Yellen attended St. Albans School in Washington, D.C., graduating in 1999. He studied film at Wesleyan University where he received a B.A. in 2003.
Career
After college, Yellen moved to Los Angeles. To learn the craft of cinematography, he began working as a camera assistant on a number of student films at the American Film Institute. While building his career and having joined the International Cinematographers Guild as a camera assistant, Yellen had the opportunity to shoot second unit footage under Eric Steelberg, ASC on Quinceañera. Quinceañera won the Grand Jury Prize and the Audience Award at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. This helped Yellen secure a job shooting films for The Asylum. The number of feature films for which he has served as Director of Photography (DP) now totals 72, including the cult classic Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus. He has been DP on 44 feature films as well as numerous commercials and other content. Yellen also shot the film Born Bad for the Lifetime (TV network) and the independent high school comedy Sports Heaven.
Yellen has directed eight episodes of Z Nation, at one time Syfy's highest rated show.
His most recent work includes Circus Kane and I'll be Watching.
Participating in the Race Across America as a crew chief for Team Beaver Creek, Yellen and his team won the race in 2006 and 2007.
References
External links
Official Website
American cinematographers
1981 births
Living people
Wesleyan University alumni
People from Washington, D.C.
St. Albans School (Washington, D.C.) alumni
Two human polls comprised the 1994 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
Auburn, Texas A&M, and Washington were ineligible to be ranked in the Coaches' Poll due to NCAA sanctions.
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Prince Albert v Strange was a court decision made by the High Court of Chancery in 1849, and began the development of confidence law in England. The court awarded Prince Albert an injunction, restraining Strange from publishing a catalogue describing Prince Albert's etchings. Lord Cottenham LC noted that "this case by no means depends solely upon the question of property; for a breach of trust, confidence, or contract, would of itself entitle the plaintiff to an injunction".
Summary
Both Queen Victoria and Prince Albert created a number of etchings in the 1840s as a hobby. The copper plates for these were entrusted to a printer in Windsor called John Brown to create copies that the couple showed to friends or gave away. The plates and the good copies were returned by Brown. However, a number of extra copies had been run off by an employee of Brown's, called Middleton. Middleton sold a set of 63 different prints for the sum of £5 to Jasper Tomsett Judge, a writer who in 1848 had published a book Sketches of Her Majesty's Household, investigating the Queen's finances, expenditures, and patronage. Judge proposed to make a public exhibition of the etchings, and drew up a catalogue for it, 50 copies of which were printed by his publisher, William Strange; with two copies sent to Windsor Castle, for the sight of the Queen and the Prince.
Prince Albert filed suit for the surrender of the etchings, for the prohibition of the exhibition, and for prevention of publication of the etchings. His plea was granted.
Extant copies of the etchings
The Royal Collection holds six volumes of etchings by the Queen and the Prince Consort, plus further copies. In all sixty-two plates were made by the Queen, and twenty-five by the Prince. An almost complete set of the prints was given to the British Museum by King George V in 1926. There is also a volume with 74 of the etchings in the collections of Harewood House. This volume had been owned by Prince Albert's private secretary George Anson, and was given by a descendant of his to Princess Mary on the occasion of her marriage to the 6th Earl of Harewood in 1922. A volume of 80 etchings that the Queen presented to Prince Albert's biographer Sir Theodore Martin in 1869 came up for auction in Cirencester in 2016, but failed to make a reserve price of £24,000.
No copy is known to have survived of Mr Strange's catalogue.
See also
Privacy in English law
References
(1849) 1 H & Tw 1, 2 De G & SM 293, (1849) 1 Mac & G 25, [1849] EWHC Ch J20, [1849] EngR 255, (1849) 41 ER 1171, [1849] EngR 261, (1849) 47 ER 1302, (1849) 2 De Gex & Sim 652
Further reading
Jeremy Phillips (1984), Prince Albert and the Etchings, European Intellectual Property Review 12 344–349
English privacy case law
1849 in case law
1849 in British law
Court of Chancery cases
Albert, Prince Consort
Rhodes University is a public research university located in Makhanda (Grahamstown) in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is one of four universities in the province. Established in 1904, Rhodes University is the province's oldest university, and it is the sixth oldest South African university in continuous operation, being preceded by the University of the Free State (1904), University of Witwatersrand (1896), University of South Africa (1873) as the University of the Cape of Good Hope, Stellenbosch University (1866) and the University of Cape Town (1829). Rhodes was founded in 1904 as Rhodes University College, named after Cecil Rhodes, through a grant from the Rhodes Trust. It became a constituent college of the University of South Africa in 1918 before becoming an independent university in 1951.
The university had an enrolment of over 8,000 students in the 2015 academic year, of whom just over 3,600 lived in 51 residences on campus, with the rest (known as Oppidans) taking residence in digs (off-campus residences) or in their own homes in the town.
History
Although a proposal to found a university in Grahamstown had been made as early as 1902, financial problems caused by the Frontier Wars in Albany prevented the proposal from being implemented. In 1904 Leander Starr Jameson issued £50 000 preferred stock to the university from the Rhodes Trust. With this funding Rhodes University College was founded by an act of parliament on 31 May 1904.
University education in the Eastern Cape began in the college departments of four schools: St. Andrew's College; Gill College, Somerset East; Graaff-Reinet College; and the Grey Institute in Port Elizabeth. The four St Andrew's College professors, Arthur Matthews, George Cory, Stanley Kidd and G.F Dingemans became founding professors of Rhodes University College.
At the beginning of 1905, Rhodes moved from cramped quarters at St Andrew's to the Drostdy building, which it bought from the British Government. Rhodes became a constituent college of the new University of South Africa in 1918 and it continued to expand in size. When the future of the University of South Africa came under review in 1947, Rhodes opted to become an independent university.
Rhodes University was inaugurated on 10 March 1951. Sir Basil Schonland, son of Selmar Schonland, became the first chancellor of his alma mater, and Dr. Thomas Alty the first vice-chancellor. In terms of the Rhodes University Private Act, the University College of Fort Hare was affiliated to Rhodes University. This mutually beneficial arrangement continued until the apartheid government decided to disaffiliate Fort Hare from Rhodes. The Rhodes Senate and Council objected strongly to this, and to the Separate University Education Bill, which they condemned as interference with academic freedom. However, the two bills were passed, and Fort Hare's affiliation to Rhodes came to an end in 1959. Nevertheless, in 1962 an honorary doctorate was conferred on the state president, C.R. Swart, who (as Minister of Justice after 1948) had been responsible for the repression of opposition political organisations. The award caused the resignation of the chancellor, Sir Basil Schonland, although his reasons were not made public at the time.
James Hyslop succeeded Alty in 1963. In 1971, Rhodes negotiated to purchase the closed teacher training college run by the sisters of the Community of the Resurrection of our Lord including the buildings and grounds and a number of adjacent buildings, facilitating further expansion.
Campus
During 2008 work began on construction of a new library building at a cost of R85 million, one of the largest infrastructure projects undertaken by the university, and was completed in 2010.
Organisation and administration
Faculties and Schools
Rhodes has six faculties, listed below:
Humanities (1952)
Commerce
Law
Science
Education
Pharmacy
The six faculties are further subdivided into 30 academic departments, of which 11 form part of the humanities faculty. The humanities faculty, being the largest in the university, consists of 40% of the student intake of undergraduate and postgraduate studies, enrolling 2669 students as of 2009.
Law Clinic
Rhodes University operates a Law Clinic, which operates as a firm of attorneys providing training to law students and free legal services for indigent people. The Law Clinic operates from two offices, one in Makhanda and one in Komani. The Law Clinic came to national attention in July 2013 when it represented 15 members of Nelson Mandela's family in their litigation against Mandla Mandela (Nelson Mandela's grandson) concerning the location of family grave sites.
Academics
Rhodes is a small, highly residential university. For most undergraduates, first and second years of study are done while living in campus residences.
Rhodes' academic program operates on a semester calendar, beginning in early-February to early-June, and the second semester beginning in late-July and ending late-November.
Undergraduate tuition for the first year of study in 2011 towards a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degree was R26,590 and R27,720, respectively, and the cost of board was between R35,700 and R37,600.
Student body
Rhodes admitted 1592 students in 2012.
The tables below show the racial and gender composition of the university for that year.
SARChi Chairs
Rhodes holds fourteen of the national research chairs appointed under the South African Research Chairs Initiative. This accounts for approximately 7% of the total awarded nationally in South Africa, a significant proportion given the university's small size.
Critical Studies in Sexualities and Reproduction: Human and Social Dynamics (Catriona Macleod)
Marine Ecosystems (Christopher McQuaid)
Radio Astronomy Techniques and Technologies (Oleg Smirnov)
Medicinal Chemistry and Nanotechnology (Tebello Nyokong)
Mathematics Education (Marc Schafer)
Numeracy (Mellony Graven)
Intellectualisation of African Languages, Multilingualism and Education (Russell Kaschula)
Insects in Sustainable Agricultural Ecosystems (Steve Compton)
Interdisciplinary Science in Land and Natural Resource Use for Sustainable Livelihoods (Charlie Shackleton)
Marine Natural Products Research (Rosemary Dorrington)
Biotechnology Innovation & Engagement (Janice Limson)
Global Change Social Learning Systems Development: Transformative Learning and Green Skills Learning (Heila Lotz-Sisitka)
Geopolitics and the Arts of Africa (Ruth Simbao)
Molecular and Cellular Biology of the Eukaryotic Stress Response (Adrienne Edkins)
Research bodies
Centre for Biological Control
Student life
Halls of Residence
Allan Webb Hall
Courtenay-Latimer Hall
Desmond Tutu
Drostdy Hall
Founders Hall
Hobson Hall
Jan Smuts Hall
Miriam Makeba Hall (formerly Kimberley Hall East)
Kimberley Hall West
Lilian Ngoyi Hall
Nelson Mandela Hall
St Mary Hall
Media
There are three student newspapers, Activate, The Oppidan Press and Cue, which has been published daily during the National Arts Festival held in Makhanda every year for several decades. Activate celebrated its 65th birthday in 2012, while The Oppidan Press was only first published in 2007 with its target readership being mainly Oppidans. The journal Philosophical Papers is edited in the department of philosophy.
Ranking
In 2011, the Webometrics Ranking of World Universities ranked the Rhodes 5th in South Africa and 700th in the world.
Notable alumni and staff
In academia, Old Rhodian Max Theiler was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his research in virology in 1951.
Notable alumni: general
Matthew Muir – Artist
Beth Diane Armstrong – Sculptor
Diane Awerbuck – Writer
Norman Bailey – Opera singer
Nick Binedell – Founding director of the Gordon Institute of Business Science of the University of Pretoria
Troy Blacklaws – Novelist
Alex Boraine – Politician; academic; co-founder of IDASA (Institute for Democracy in South Africa) and the International Center for Transitional Justice
Sir Rupert Bromley, 10th Bt. – Business executive
Guy Butler – Poet
Efemia Chela – writer
Tafadzwa Chitokwindo – Zimbabwe Sevens rugby player
Nan Cross – Anti-conscription and anti-apartheid activist
Achmat Dangor – Writer
Embeth Davidtz – Actress
Rob Davies – Minister of trade and industry of South Africa
Mick Davis – Businessman, chief executive of Xstrata
Geoffrey de Jager – Philanthropist and industrialist; founder of Rand Merchant Bank
K. Sello Duiker – Novelist and screenwriter
Sir Michael Edwardes – Business executive
Robin Esrock – Travel Writer
Allan Gray – Investor and philanthropist
Mluleki George – ANC MP and former prisoner on Robben Island
Igle Gledhill – Physicist
Chris Hani – Former leader of the South African Communist Party and chief of staff of Umkhonto we Sizwe
Errol Harris – Philosopher
Trevor Hastie – Statistician
Peter Hinchliff – Anglican priest and academic
Humphry Knipe – Adult film writer/director
Herbert Kretzmer – Fleet Street journalist and lyricist of inter alia the musical Les Misérables
Alice Krige – Actress
Margaret Legum – Economist and anti-apartheid activist
Frances Margaret Leighton – Botanist
Kai Lossgott – Interdisciplinary artist
Mbuyiseli Madlanga – South African Constitutional Court judge
Mandla Mandela – Chief of the Mvezo Traditional Council and grandson of Nelson Mandela
The Hon Justice Lex Mpati – Judge President of the Supreme Court of Appeal of South Africa and current chancellor of Rhodes University
Patrick Mynhardt – Actor
Marguerite Poland – Writer
Ian Roberts – Actor
Michael Roberts – Historian
Kathleen Satchwell – Judge
Sir Basil Schonland – Scientist
Barry Smith – Musician
Ian Smith – Former Prime Minister of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe)
Wilbur Smith – Novelist
William Smith – Television science and mathematics personality
Kaneez Surka – Artist, actor and comedian
Robert V. Taylor – Former dean of St. Mark's Episcopal Cathedral, Seattle
Phumzile van Damme – MP and Shadow Communications Minister
Max Theiler – Virologist, Nobel prize winner (1951)
Micheen Thornycroft – Zimbabwe Olympic rower
Kit Vaughan – Emeritus professor of biomedical engineering at UCT
David Webster – Social anthropologist and anti-apartheid activist
Mark Winkler – Author
Timothy Woods – Former head of Gresham's School, England
Dana Wynter – Actress
Simphiwe Tshabalala – Standard Bank CEO
Notable alumni: journalists, media celebrities in South Africa
One of the most well-known departments on the Rhodes campus is the university's school of Journalism and Media Studies, through which many of South Africa's most notable media celebrities have passed. There are also an especially high number of radio celebrities who graduated at Rhodes – many of them having spent time with the university's campus radio station Rhodes Music Radio.
Matthew Buckland – Media-owner and entrepreneur
Steve Linde (born 1960) – newspaperman
Anand Naidoo – Anchor and correspondent for Al Jazeera English based in Washington DC; previously with CNN
Jeremy Mansfield – Radio host, television presenter, comedian
Eusebius McKaiser – Social activist, author, radio show host
Haru Mutasa – Correspondent for Al Jazeera International
Zaa Nkweta – Former Carte Blanche presenter
Verashni Pillay – Mail & Guardian editor-in-chief
Toby Shapshak – Journalist and African technology thought leader
Barry Streek – Political journalist and anti-apartheid activist
Rob Vember – 5FM DJ
Notable staff
Prof Thomas Alty FRSE – physicist; Principal and Vice Chancellor of the university
Margaret Ballinger – Political activist; taught in the history department
André Brink – Writer
Andrew Buckland – Performer and playwright
Julian Cobbing – Professor of African history; wrote an influential and controversial theory on the nature of the Mfecane
Ward Jones – Professor of philosophy
Don Maclennan – Professor of English and notable poet
Catriona Ida Macleod, head of the psychology department
Obie Oberholzer – Photographer
D. C. S. Oosthuizen – Philosopher, Christian, critic of apartheid
Selmar Schonland – Botanist
J.L.B. Smith – Ichthyologist; first to identify a taxidermied fish as a coelacanth, a fish previously thought to be extinct
H.W. van der Merwe – Founder of the Centre for Intergroup Studies, University of Cape Town
Etienne van Heerden – Writer
Arthur Matthews (mathematician), founding professor at the university
Name controversy
The university's name references Cecil Rhodes, a British businessman who heavily aided British imperial interests in South Africa, which led to controversy starting in 2015. Protests held that year by Rhodes Must Fall led to the University of Cape Town removing a statue of Rhodes, and similar protests against Rhodes' legacy occurred at Rhodes University. Some students and outlets started referring to it as "The University Currently Known As Rhodes". In 2015 the university council undertook to determine whether or not the institution should change its name, as well as consider several other ways it could deal with the issues.
In 2017, the Rhodes University Council voted 15–9 in favour of keeping the existing name. While the university agreed with critics that "[it] cannot be disputed that Cecil John Rhodes was an arch-imperialist and white supremacist who treated people of this region as sub-human", it also said it had long since distanced itself from the person and had distinguished itself with the name Rhodes University as one of the world's best. The main argument against the change was financial, as such a change would cost a significant amount of money and the university was already having trouble with its budget. Furthermore, changing the university's name could have an adverse effect on its recognition internationally.
See also
List of universities in South Africa
1820 Settlers National Monument
National Arts Festival
References
Further reading
External links
Universities in the Eastern Cape
Educational institutions established in 1904
Public universities in South Africa
Buildings and structures in Makhanda, Eastern Cape
Herbert Baker buildings and structures
1904 establishments in the Cape Colony
My Case () is a 1986 Portuguese drama- fantasy film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It entered the main competition at the 43rd Venice International Film Festival.
Cast
Bulle Ogier as Actrice # 1
Luís Miguel Cintra as L'Intrus
Axel Bogousslavsky as L'Employé
Fred Personne as L'Auteur
Wladimir Ivanovsky as Le spectateur
Héloïse Mignot as Actrice # 2
Grégoire Oestermann as Le projectionniste
References
External links
1986 films
1980s French-language films
1986 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Portuguese drama films
Sharma or Sharmah () was a medieval trading port in Ḥaḍramawt (South Arabia) on the Gulf of Aden. It was deeply involved in the Indian Ocean trade and was "one of the busiest harbours of the Indian Ocean" until its abrupt abandonment around 1180. Although known from texts, the location of the settlement was only discovered in 1996. Archaeological excavations began in 2001. They have revealed a large, heavily fortified port founded around 980 by merchants from Siraf on the Persian Gulf.
Sharma had a small permanent population of merchants and soldiers and served mainly as a transshipment point between East Africa and India. Nevertheless, its site possesses the richest assortment of Chinese ceramics from its period in the Islamic world.
Geography
Sharma was located on the Raʾs Sharma promontory about east of on a plain situated between two plateaus overlooking a sandy beach. It possessed a deep anchorage. There is another isolated plateau (Arabic jawl) at the tip of Raʾs Sharma. The settlement faces the west. The geography of the site makes it easily defensible, since the continental plateau rises above the plain, which is accessible only by means of two narrow wadis. The plain itself is higher than beach and accessible only by two pathways, while the isolated plateau west of the settlement was accessible by only one.
Sharma was an isolated settlement, over from the nearest oasis or village. It has limited freshwater. The settlement had four cisterns and three wells, however, and may have cultivated the plateau.
History
Neolithic artefacts have been recovered from the plateau at the tip of Raʾs Sharma. Remains of a shell midden have also been found. Around the start of the first millennium, Sharma was probably a seasonal settlement. A Himyarite structure, probably a temple, has been found on the eastern plateau. Pre-Islamic artefacts from India, Oman and Persia have been recovered from the site, suggestive of a flourishing trade during Himyarite times. No evidence of Himyarite settlement beyond the temple has been found. The main period of settlement was the tenth through twelfth centuries, and that settlement, by far the most extensive in the history of the site, was created from scratch.
Sharma is mentioned in three works of medieval Islamic geography. Writing in 985, al-Muqaddasī records that Sharma and Lasʿā () were dependencies of the Ziyadid rulers of Zabīd on the Red Sea coast. About 1150, al-Idrīsī wrote that Sharma and Lasʿā on the coast of Ḥaḍramawt were stopovers on the sailing route from Aden to Mirbāṭ and were about one day apart. Around 1300, al-Dimashqī mentions Sharma for the last time, noting only that it and al-Shiḥr were the two harbours of Ḥaḍramawt. They operated independently of one another.
The foundation of Sharma should probably be linked to the earthquake that destroyed the Persian port of Siraf in 977. That Sharma was not founded by locals is certain. Local tribesmen lacked the connections to create a flourishing port ex nihilo and the wealth to defend it from the existing port of al-Shiḥr, which would certainly have opposed it. The most likely candidates for the founders are émigrés from Siraf. The extension of the Shiite Buyid emirate into Iraq (945) and of the Shiite Fatimid caliphate into the Red Sea may have provided propitious circumstances for the founding of a new trade emporium in southern Arabia. Likewise, the reemergence of the Mediterranean Sea as a major hub of international trade may have drawn merchants away from the Persian Gulf and towards the Red Sea. The error of al-Muqaddasī in placing Sharma on the Red Sea is best explained by the port's having been only just founded at the time of his writing.
The history of Sharma has been divided into six phases. The third phase is characterized by the construction of the main defensive wall. This may be linked to the campaigns of the Sulayhids to extend their authority into Ḥaḍramawt around 1063. It also corresponds with the fall of the Buyids. In 1053, too, the Seljuks had raided Sohar in Oman. The high point of Sharma was the fourth phase, roughly the second half of the eleventh century. The decline of Sharma from about 1150 may be linked to the rise of its obvious rivals, al-Shiḥr and Mirbāṭ, or to the aggressive policy of the Persian port of Kish. The final abandonment of the port may have come about only after an Ayyubid assault in 1180.
Sharma was partially occupied again in the late thirteenth century into the early fourteenth (the time of al-Dimashqī). This is considered the sixth phase of medieval Sharma. It was partially re-occupied a third and last time in the seventeenth through nineteenth centuries.
Archaeology
The settled area of Sharma encompassed five hectares. Despite the site's origin in a single act of foundation, there is little evidence of planning. Buildings are widely separated and the areas between them show signs of being used for refuse (potsherds and animal bones). The only hint of urbanism is a lane with small buildings on either side that may have been a suq (market). The port did produce glass. One (non-pottery) kiln has been identified as well as glass slag. There were two cemeteries located outside the town itself, one to the northeast and another to the southwest. These have not been excavated by archaeologists.
Sharma was a less a city than a fortified warehouse complex. Its buildings were mostly storehouses, perhaps each associated with a particular good or merchant. Its population was small, mainly administrators, soldiers and craftsmen.
Buildings
One hundred buildings have been identified by archaeologists within the settlement. Their stone foundations or basement walls survive, but the earthen (probably mudbrick) superstructures have long since disappeared. It is thus impossible to determine whether buildings had one or two storeys except in the case of the thickest foundations walls, which almost certainly supported two storeys. The building types have no known equivalents among medieval Ḥaḍramī architecture, but are similar to ancient Sabaean types from the same region. The main large building type has an east–west hallway with three rooms to the north and three to the south. The buildings are devoid of architectural decoration.
Sharma was originally protected on the landward side by an earthen and stone wall thick stretching from one plateau to the other. At some point this wall was destroyed or eroded and rebuilt. At some point the entire settlement may have been enclosed by walls, but this is not certain. Atop the plateau to the west of the settlement there was a citadel comprising two forts on the accessible eastern half separated by a gated wall thick from another fort built over top of the ruins of the Himyarite temple. This last fort overlooked the harbour. It has been suggested that the forts may have been no more than watchtowers or lighthouses.
Sharma had one mosque that was rebuilt twice. The original mosque was little more than a single room in area. The second mosque was built over top of the demolished original. It was with a front courtyard (ṣaḥn). The third mosque is badly preserved, but it too was built over the earlier mosques. It had an interior area of . The mosque sat at the edge of the plain overlooking the beach and was visible from the sea.
Pottery
Only a few coins have been recovered from Sharma. Other objects include combs, weights, pearls and kohl sticks. Pieces of incense and small glass beads are common, but most significant is the large and varied corpus of imported ceramic and glass vessels. Sharma has the "richest" collection of imported Chinese ceramics "ever found on an Islamic site" of the eleventh century. Some Chinese styles found at Sharma have not been found at any other archaeological site in the Islamic world. Of the recovered pieces of pottery from the site, 4.3% are Chinese, 5.0% are glazed earthenware and 90.7% are unglazed. Pottery may have been produced at Sharma, but no evidence of its production has come to light. The nearest known kiln was at Yadhghat about to the north and it seems to have provided some pottery to the port.
Among the types of Chinese pottery found at the site are qingbai and Ding porcelains and Yue and Yao stonewares. Objects from ten different Chinese kiln sites have been identified: Changsha, Dingzhou, Ganzhou, Jianyang, Jingdezhen, Jizhou, Tong'an, Xicun, Yaozhou and Yue. The earliest Chinese pieces were fired in the late ninth century and the latest in the early twelfth, but eleventh-century firings predominate.
The glazed earthenware of Sharma comes mostly in three sgraffiato styles imported from Persia. It is well known from Siraf and Tis in Persia and from Shanga in East Africa. In Siraf, its prevalence is associated with the city's decline. It was produced in Persia between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries. Earlier types of pottery, such as Persian lusterware, and later, such as Seljuk fritware, are rare compared to the sgraffiato. There are a few examples of what might be the earliest glazed ware produced in South Arabia at Aden and Zabīd, or else evidence of the thirteenth-century occupation.
The unglazed wares found at Sharma are varied and distinctive. Besides the probable local production and those from Yadhghat, there are types from India, Sindh, the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea coast and the Swahili coast. Egyptian kegs (of a type known as siga) have been found dating to the late twelfth century, perhaps indicative of Ayyubid encroachment. The number of African imports is unusually high: 16.2% of all unglazed ceramics and perhaps as much as 21.5% in the first phase. They belong to the tradition known as Triangular-Incised Ware and items of the same type have been found at coastal sites of Shanga, Manda, Kilwa, Lamu and the Comoros. The most likely point of origin for the red-slipped pieces found at Sharma, however, is Pemba.
There is about one twentieth as much glass from vessels has been recovered from Sharma as ceramic. It is mostly of Persian origin, but some may be from Egypt or Syria. Some of the glass vessels were merely containers, but others were probably trade goods in their own right.
Crockery carved from soapstone and greenschist had also been found at Sharma. It may originate in the area, since these minerals are found in Arabia, but the style has also been found at Kilwa, with pieces originating in Vohemar in Madagascar. It is possible that it was brought to Sharma along the same routes as the African pottery.
Trade
Sharma probably imported much of its food. There is archaeobotanical evidence for the importation of wheat, rice, millet and sorghum. The rice was thought by its discoverers to have come from either Egypt or India, but it may have come from Madagascar, which is known to have exported rice to Kilwa that was then traded with Aden. There is also evidence—the pottery from Yadhghat—that Sharma traded with the Ḥaḍramī tribes of the interior, perhaps even forging alliances.
The Sharma "horizon" provides a brief glimpse at the trade networks of the entire western half of the Indian Ocean. The diversity of unglazed Indian pottery found at the site suggests that Indian merchants were present there. There may have been a permanent community of East African merchants importing familiar pottery for their own use. The African pottery and crockery may also be linked to grain importation. There may also have been Comorians or even Malagasy at Sharma (some of the copal may originate from Madagascar).
Sharma was mainly a transit entrepôt. It warehoused goods between their point of origin and point of sale. It may be seen as a northern extension of the "Swahili corridor". Its geographical position placed at the crossroads of the monsoons that led to and from East Africa and India. As for types of goods, the large number of stoneware jars indicates a high volume of trade in eastern perishables. Most of the incense recovered from the site is East African copal, which was certainly transited. Other incenses recovered from the site may have been imported. Circumstantial cases may be made linking Sharma with the trade in rock crystal from Madagascar and Dembeni, with the reprocessing of rough processed sugar cane from the Comoros, and with the Indian Ocean trade in African slaves. High-value African goods like ivory, rock crystal and gold were probably stored at Sharma for pickup by Indian merchants. There may have been African slaves resident in Sharma.
Notes
Sources
Archaeological sites in Yemen
Port cities in the Arabian Peninsula
Ports and harbours of the Arabian Sea
980s establishments
12th-century disestablishments in Asia
10th century in Yemen
11th century in Yemen
12th century in Yemen
Mamfe or Mamfé is a city in and the capital of Manyu, a division of the Southwest Region in Cameroon. It is from the border of Nigeria, on the Manyu River. It has a population of 36,500 (2017 estimate).
It is known as a centre for traditional religion (e.g., Obasinjom and Ekpe Society) and traditional medicine. Mamfe used to be known for bad infrastructure within the city limits, especially the roads, but in recent times the roads have been tarred and are currently in good condition. The roads leading in and out of the city have also been tarred e.g., Mamfe - Bamenda, Mamfe - Kumba, Mamfe - Ekok.
The Peace Corps has maintained a presence in the Mamfe area since they entered the country in 1962.
Since 2017, Mamfe has been a frequent battleground in the Anglophone Crisis. The city saw heavy fighting in December 2017, when the Cameroonian Army battled the Ambazonia Defence Forces for control over Mamfe and the surroundings. In May 2020, separatist fighters assassinated the newly-elected mayor, Ashu Priestly Ojong.
Etymology
The name "Mamfe" comes from the [Bayang language]. When Germans first arrived in the area via the Cross River, the Germans greeted a local man at the Egbekaw River site who was carrying sand from the shore and tried interrogating him about where they were. The Banyang man didn't understand and only said in his dialect, "Mamfie fah?" ("Where should I put it?"). The Germans heard this as "Mamfe" and named the area so.
Demographics
The Egbekaw village and small mamfe village are the natives/pioneers of Mamfe town. The inhabitants speak a Bayang language as their mother tongue, called Nyang, although English is the official language spoken along with Pidgin and several other dialects, including Ejagham. The city is also noteworthy for the high proportion of Nigerians who live there.
Education
Mamfe has no university yet, but the Catholic university is now under construction. The Queen of the Rosary Catholic College was Cameroon's first all-female boarding school. There is also a teachers' training college, and several vocational schools.
Cuisine
Popular local foods in Mamfe include eru and fu-fu, plantains with ndole, and fu-fu and ogbono soup.
Climate
Mamfe has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification Am). As Mamfe is in a river valley, humidity can be over 90% and temperatures can exceed 120 F (49 °C) during the Dry Season (February - April). During the rest of the year, temperatures remain in the 80-90s (27 to 37 °C) and only fall during the Rainy Season, sometimes to 70F (21 °C).
The climate can be very uncomfortable for travellers, but tourism is beginning in the area, though small. Points of interest are the old German bridge, the Mamfe Cross, the Mamfe River by boat, and the Mamfe Cathedral. Hotels are few, but can and do accommodate western travellers.
Notable people
George Elokobi (b. 1986), professional footballer
Pauline Nalova Lyonga, education minister
Late Chief Solomon Ashu Arrey of Ossing (1905-2005)
Senator Mfaw Tabetando Ndiepnso
References
Populated places in Southwest Region (Cameroon)
For the 2016 OFC Nations Cup, the 8 participating national teams had to submit squads of 23 players – of which three had to be goalkeepers.
The age listed for each player is on 28 May 2016, the first day of the tournament. The number of caps listed for each player does not include any matches played after the start of the 2016 OFC Nations Cup. The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match prior to the tournament.
Group A
Tahiti
Coach: Ludovic Graugnard
New Caledonia
Coach: Thierry Sardo
Samoa
Coach: Scott Easthope
Papua New Guinea
Coach: Flemming Serritslev
Group B
Fiji
Coach: Frank Farina
New Zealand
Coach: Anthony Hudson
The final squad was announced on 12 May 2016. On 22 May, midfielder Clayton Lewis was replaced by striker Jeremy Brockie, following a possible drugs violation.
On 24 May, forward Shane Smeltz was replaced by midfielder Luka Prelevic following an injury.
Vanuatu
Coach: Moise Poida
Solomon Islands
Coach: Moses Toata
Player representation
By club nationality
Nations in italics are not represented by their national teams in the finals
References
squads
OFC Nations Cup squads
Ross Straw was an Australian Olympic coach and former Olympic baseball competitor. He captained the Australian team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He was one of the first Australians to be offered a contract with a Major League Baseball team, the Boston Red Sox.
Straw was instrumental in getting Australia involved in Baseball Federation of Asia competitions.
He was a member of the Victorian Wartime team in 1942 and 1943, and played for and coached the Victorian state team from 1942 to 1969.
Straw was first appointed national coaching director (appointed by what was then the Australian Baseball Council, now the Australian Baseball Federation) in 1975 and formed Australia's first national elite coaching committee.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Olympic baseball players of Australia
Baseball players at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Australian baseball players
Baseball coaches
The Fort Rosalie or Fort class of fleet replenishment vessel of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary were designed to replenish Royal Navy taskgroups with various armaments and victualling stores while under way. Unlike the bigger , they supply dry stores and not fuel. RFA Fort Rosalie was originally known as Fort Grange but was renamed in 2000 to avoid confusion with the new Fort Victoria-class replenishment oiler . Both ships were withdrawn from service and later sold in 2021.
Design
They have the capacity to store of stores, including refrigerated items, in four holds. They are capable of replenishment at sea (RAS), using three 10-ton and three 5-ton cranes and vertical replenishment (VERTREP). For the latter role there are generous flight facilities; a single spot flight deck, an emergency landing platform atop the hangar and a complement of up to four (but usually one) Fleet Air Arm Westland Sea King helicopters and the requisite maintenance facilities. As such, they are often used for aviation training.
History
Two ships were ordered in 1971, with the first entering service in 1978. Both ships saw service in the Falklands War, the then Fort Grange being shadowed by Argentine Air Force C-130 Hercules aircraft while still from the combat area and Fort Austin being attacked while sitting in San Carlos Water. Fort Austin supported the British intervention in Sierra Leone in 2000.
Fort Austin was mothballed in 2009 but was reactivated following the 2010 SDSR at the expense of . Both Fort Rosalie and Fort Austin have had major refits at Cammell Laird to enable another decade of service. In 2011 it was announced that the service lives of Fort Austin and Fort Rosalie would be extended by another two years to 2023 and 2024 respectively. They will ultimately be replaced by the new Solid Support Ships.
As of June 2020, both ships were reported to be in either reduced (base maintenance period) or extended readiness (unmanned reserve) with replenishment rigs not compatible with the s.
The 2021 defence white paper announced that both ships of the class would be decommissioned and eventually replaced by new Fleet Solid Stores Support Vessels. In May 2021, both ships were put up for sale to be scrapped. The notice for recycling was subsequently withdrawn, and in October 2021 it was announced by the Defence Equipment Sales Authority and Defence Equipment and Support that both ships of the class had been sold to the Egyptian Navy, with refurbishment work expected to be undertaken by Cammell Laird prior to their export. While awaiting their refit, it was reported that Fort Austin would be renamed ENS Luxor and Fort Rosalie would be renamed ENS Abu Simbel.
Ships
References
Further reading
Auxiliary replenishment ship classes
Compression Systems (formerly Cooper Compression / Cooper Energy Services / Cooper Turbocompressor / Cooper), one of five organizational groups within Cameron International Corporation, is a provider of reciprocating and centrifugal compression equipment and aftermarket parts and services. Reciprocating compression equipment is used throughout the energy industry by gas transmission companies, compression leasing companies, oil and gas producers and independent power producers. Integrally geared centrifugal compressors are used by customers around the world in a variety of industries such as air separation, auto making, glass blowing, PET, petrochemical and chemical. Reciprocating compression was sold to GE Oil and Gas in June 2014.
History
Compression Systems began in 1833 when Charles and Elias Cooper established a foundry in Mt. Vernon, Ohio. "Cooper", as it was known, was licensed to produce the Corliss steam engine in 1869 and entered the production of natural gas internal combustion engines in 1900. In 1929, Cooper merged with Bessemer Gas Engine Company, which was founded in Grove City, Pennsylvania, in 1899. In 1958, Cooper diversified into the controls industry with the establishment of the En-Tronic Controls Group. Five years later, the company acquired the Ajax Engine Company, founded in 1877, and the Pennsylvania Process, founded to manufacture compressors in 1920.
In 1965, the company branched out into electrical, automotive and tools and hardware industries. Two years later, it moved its headquarters to Houston and in 1968 began the Cooper Rolls joint venture with Rolls-Royce to market gas turbines.
1987 marked the acquisition of Joy Industrial Compressor Group, founded in 1955 in Buffalo, New York, which was renamed Cooper Turbocompressor as part of Cooper Compression. One year later, Cooper acquired Enterprise Engine after market services business.
In 1999, the rotating compressor business was sold to Rolls-Royce and Cooper Energy Services merged with Nickles Industrial Manufacturing and purchased Elliot Turbocharger Group, Inc.
In 2001, Cooper Energy Services and Cooper Turbocompresor combined to form Cooper Compression, which was later named Compression Systems in 2005.
Compression System brands
Reciprocating compressors
Ajax Engines
Cooper Bessemer integral engines
Superior Engines & Compressors
Turbine Specialties Engine Turbochargers (TSI)
Compression Specialties (CSI)
Texcentric Compressor Valves
Enterprise Engine enterprise power engines and separable compressors
Pennsylvania Process Separable Compressors
Centrifigul plant air compressors
Turbo Air
Joy Compressor
Centrifugal engineered air and process gas compressors
MSG
Turbo Air
References
Gas compressors
Lev Tolstoy-class steamship is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after Leo Tolstoy.
One-and-half-deck cargo-passenger paddle steamers built in the Soviet Union since 1954.
References
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Kekana is a South African surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Grant Kekana (born 1992), South African footballer
Hlompho Kekana (born 1985), South African footballer
Johannes Kekana (born 1972), South African long-distance runner
Pinky Kekana (born 1966), South African politician
Steve Kekana (1958–2021), South African singer and songwriter
"Asphodel, That Greeny Flower" is a poem by American poet William Carlos Williams. It was published in 1955 as part of Williams's anthology Journey to Love.
Notes
Poetry by William Carlos Williams
1955 poems
Denmark competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. They had athletes participating in athletics, cycling, equestrian, shooting, swimming and table tennis. They won a total of seven medals; one gold, two silver and four bronze.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Athletics
Cycling
Road
Equestrian
The country qualified to participate in the team event at the Rio Games. They earned an additional individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method.
Individual
Team
"#" indicates that the score of this rider does not count in the team competition, since only the best three results of a team are counted.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. The United Arab Emirates earned a qualifying spot at this competition in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Prone Mixed SH2 event as a result of the performance of Johnny Andersen.
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Women
See also
Denmark at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Danish sport
In the 1971–72 Kuwaiti Premier League, Al Kuwait Kaifan won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1971–72
1971–72 in Asian association football leagues
football
PIAS Recordings (formerly Play It Again Sam) is a Belgian record label founded in 1983 by Kenny Gates and Michel Lambot. Play It Again Sam expanded along with other European independent labels in the early 1980s. Play It Again Sam's prominent early artists were electronic-rock acts like Front 242, Meat Beat Manifesto and The Young Gods. They later added artists such as The Sound, Soulwax/2ManyDJ's, Sigur Rós and Mogwai.
History
The first release on the label in 1984 was the mini album Faces in the Fire by the cult experimental psychedelic band The Legendary Pink Dots. This was immediately followed by the 'Four Your Ears Only' EP, an aural map of Northern England, featuring Red Lorry Yellow Lorry, Red Guitars, Party Day and Luddites. This laid the ground for releases from many other artists with very diverse musical backgrounds and geographical origins, including the Butthole Surfers, Parade Ground, The Neon Judgement, The Sound, Skinny Puppy, Taxi Girl, Bill Pritchard and The Cassandra Complex. In 1988 the label released the album Front By Front 242 including the single "Headhunter" (with a video directed by Anton Corbijn).
In 1999, Play It Again Sam signed a German distribution deal with London-based indie dance label Mo' Wax, including works by DJ Shadow and DJ Krush.
In 2000, the label moved from Brussels to London and was renamed PIAS Recordings. PIAS Recordings released the first two albums by Icelandic band Sigur Rós. The Scottish band Mogwai signed to PIAS in 2001.
PIAS announced at the end of 2010 that it would be re-launching Play It Again Sam as a label.
Current roster
Agnes Obel
Andy Burrows
Arcane Roots
Balthazar
Black M
Blanche
Bohren & der Club of Gore
Brodka
Courting
Champs
Dead Can Dance
dEUS
Editors
Elliot Moss
Failure
Fews
Foxes
Ghostpoet
Harper Simon
Jean-Louis Murat
Jesswar
The Jezabels
Keaton Henson
Joan As Police Woman
Lisa Mitchell
Lord Huron
Lucius
Lykke Li
Mew
Minor Victories
Other Lives
Pixies
Public Service Broadcasting
Róisín Murphy
Salvatore Adamo
The Slow Show
Soap&Skin
Soulwax
Twin Wild
Wave Racer
White Lies
Former artists
Band of Skulls
Causes
Cabaret Voltaire
Crystal Castles
Enter Shikari
The Darkness
Dinosaur Jr.
Drive-By Truckers
I Am Kloot
The Jim Jones Revue
Jurassic 5
Maxïmo Park
The Middle East
Mogwai
My Morning Jacket
My Vitriol
The Pains of Being Pure at Heart
Placebo
Rodrigo y Gabriela
Seasick Steve
Texas
Young Guns
Zulu Winter
See also
PIAS Group
References
External links
Play It Again, Sam
PIAS site
IFPI members
British record labels
Belgian independent record labels
Record labels established in 1983
Rock record labels
Azarychy (, ) is a town in Kalinkavichy District, Gomel Region, Belarus.
History
The village had an important Jewish community.
Germans occupied the town from November 1941 to January 1944 and built 3 camps. Between 9,000 and 13,000 of the up to 50,000 imprisoned Belarusian and Russian men, women and children did not survive their incarceration at the camps.
References
Populated places in Gomel Region
Urban-type settlements in Belarus
Minsk Voivodeship
Bobruysky Uyezd
Nelliady is a town in Jaffna District, Sri Lanka.
After many coastal areas of Sri Lanka were devastated by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami many people settled further inland, in towns including Nelliady.
Education
Schools in or near Nelliady include Nelliady Madhya Maha Vidyalayam (Nelliady Central College), Sacred Heart College, Vigneswara College, Uduppiddy American Mission College and Gnanasariyar College.
Religion
Tadangan Puliyadi Murugan Temple
Pillayar Temple
Kali Temple
Gnana Vairavar Temple
Kalayan Thoddam Sri Muththu Kumarasuvami
St.Antony's Church
Towns in Jaffna District
Vadamarachchi South West DS Division
"Pennsylvania" is the regional anthem of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
History
The song was written and composed by Eddie Khoury and Ronnie Bonner and serves as the official state song for all public purposes. State Representative Frank L. Oliver introduced the bill for the song, and it was adopted by the General Assembly and signed into law by Governor Robert P. Casey on November 29, 1990. It replaced "Hail, Pennsylvania!".
Lyrics
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania,
Mighty is your name,
Steeped in glory and tradition,
Object of acclaim.
Where brave men fought the foe of freedom,
Tyranny decried,
Til the bell of independence
filled the countryside.
Chorus
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania,
May your future be,
filled with honor everlasting
as your history.
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania,
Blessed by God's own hand,
Birthplace of a mighty nation,
Keystone of the land.
Where first our country's flag unfolded,
Freedom to proclaim,
May the voices of tomorrow
glorify your name.
Chorus
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania,
May your future be,
filled with honor everlasting
as your history.
External links
Pennsylvania state symbols, from the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission
Lyrics, sheet music, and MIDI, on 50states.com
Performance on YouTube
Pennsylvania
Music of Pennsylvania
Symbols of Pennsylvania
Songs about Pennsylvania
The Calculator-Based Laboratory (CBL) is a mobile data collection device manufactured by Texas Instruments in collaboration with Vernier Software & Technology and introduced in 1994. The CBL can be used to collect data either in conjunction with a TI graphing calculator, or on its own.
See also
HP Mobile Calculating Lab (MCL)
HP StreamSmart 400
HP StreamSmart 410
References
Texas Instruments
Google Code Jam is an international programming competition hosted and administered by Google. The competition began in 2003. The competition consists of a set of algorithmic problems which must be solved in a fixed amount of time. Competitors may use any programming language and development environment to obtain their solutions. From 2003 to 2007, Google Code Jam was deployed on Topcoder's platform. Since 2008 Google has developed their own dedicated infrastructure for the contest.
Between 2015 and 2018, Google also ran Distributed Code Jam, with the focus on distributed algorithms. This was run in parallel with the regular Code Jam, with its own qualification and final round, for a top prize of $10,000, but was only open for people who qualified to Round 2 of Code Jam (up to 3000 people).
Several Google Code Jam problems have led to academic research.
Past winners
Google Code Jam
The 2020 Code Jam World Final was originally scheduled to take place in Munich, Germany, but later was converted to online format in response to COVID-19 pandemic.
Distributed Code Jam
Results by country
See also
Google Code
Online judge
Topcoder Open
References
https://code.google.com/codejam/contest/7214486/scoreboard
https://code.google.com/codejam/contest/2437491/scoreboard?c=2437491
External links
Google – Code Jam
Code Jam
Programming contests
Vratil is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Vratil, American politician
Kathryn Hoefer Vratil (born 1949), American judge
"What's the Name of Your Love?" is a song by R&B girl group The Emotions issued as a single in 1979 on ARC/Columbia Records. The song peaked at No. 25 on the Cashbox R&B Singles chart and No. 30 on the Billboard Hot Soul Singles chart.
Overview
What's the Name of Your Love? was produced by Maurice White. White also composed the song with Allee Willis and David Foster. With a duration of three minutes and forty five seconds the song has an allegro tempo of 136 beats per minute.
The single's b-side is a song called Layed Back. What's the Name of Your Love? and Layed Back both appeared on the Emotions's 1979 studio album Come into Our World.
Critical reception
Amy Hanson of Allmusic described What's the Name of Your Love? as a song which "combines snappy horns with breathless lyrics and is peppered throughout with very Moroder-esque Euro disco overtones". Billboard also called the song "a briskly paced tune".
Samples
What's the Name of Your Love? was sampled by DJ Premier feat. Bumpy Knuckles and Sy Ari Da Kid on Premier's 2016 track Emoshunal Greed. J Dilla also sampled What's the Name of Your Love? on the song Coastin' off of his 2003 album Vol. 2: Vintage.
Appearances in other media
During January 1980 The Emotions performed What's the Name of Your Love? on The Midnight Special.
On February 8, 1980 the girl group also performed What's the Name of Your Love? upon Dinah!.
References
1979 songs
The Emotions songs
Songs written by David Foster
Songs written by Allee Willis
Songs written by Maurice White
Song recordings produced by Maurice White
The Burmese yuhina (Yuhina humilis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is found in Myanmar and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Burmese yuhina
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Thailand
Burmese yuhina
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alexander Wheelock Thayer (October 22, 1817 – July 15, 1897) was an American librarian and journalist who became the author of the first scholarly biography of Ludwig van Beethoven, still after many updatings regarded as a standard work of reference on the composer.
Life
In the winter of 1838–39 he was a teacher at the Westfield School in Dedham, Massachusetts.
Originally a librarian at Harvard law school, Thayer became aware of many discrepancies in the biography of Beethoven by Anton Schindler, Beethoven's sometime amanuensis, which had first appeared in 1840. (Schindler's reliability has since been extensively discussed by later scholars). In 1849 Thayer sailed for Europe to undertake his own researches, learning German and collecting information. Supporting himself by journalism and after many privations, he was eventually appointed US Consul in Trieste, where he was able to pursue his labours. The first edition of the biography, (in German), in three volumes, covering Beethoven's life to 1816, appeared between 1866 and 1879. The work was completed by Thayer's German colleague Hermann Deiters and, after Deiters's death, by Hugo Riemann, who created the posthumously published volumes No. 4 (1907) and No. 5 (1908) from Thayer's notes, covering the years 1817 to Beethoven's death in 1827.
Thayer's work on Beethoven set a benchmark for modern standards of accuracy, research and analysis in biography.
In 1865 Thayer wrote:
I fight for no theories and cherish no prejudices; my sole point of view is the truth.
Henry Krehbiel, who created the first English edition of the biography in 1921, wrote of Thayer in 1917:
His industry, zeal, keen power of analysis, candor and fair-mindedness won the confidence of all with whom he came into contact except the literary charlatans whose romances he was bent on destroying in the interest of the verities of history.
Krehbiel also penned his own volume four which was published posthumously in 1925.
The most recent version of the biography is revised and edited by Elliot Forbes.
Bibliography
Thayer, A. W., rev and ed. Elliot Forbes. Thayer's Life of Beethoven. (2 vols.) Princeton: Princeton University Press.
See also
Thayer family
References
Sources
Thayer's Life of Beethoven, rev. and ed. Elliot Forbes.
Thayer, Alexander Wheelock in Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians
External links
Thayer's Beethoven biography
Some interesting photos about Thayer (PowerPoint file)
American biographers
American librarians
1817 births
1897 deaths
Beethoven scholars
Educators from Dedham, Massachusetts
The Wagny River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
John Newton (August 24, 1823 – May 1, 1895) was a career officer in the United States Army, a Union general in the American Civil War, and Chief of the Corps of Engineers.
Early life
Newton was born in Norfolk, Virginia, a city his father Thomas Newton, Jr. represented in the U.S. Congress for 31 years. He ranked second in the United States Military Academy class of 1842 and was commissioned in the Corps of Engineers. He taught engineering at the Military Academy (1843–46) and constructed fortifications along the Atlantic coast and Great Lakes (1846–52). He was a member of a special Gulf Coast defense board (1856) and Chief Engineer, Utah Expedition (1858).
Civil War
Though a fellow Virginian, Newton stood firm for the Union. He helped construct Washington defenses and led a brigade in the Peninsula Campaign. In the Maryland Campaign, at South Mountain, he led a bayonet charge that resulted in taking the enemy position, and also fought at the Battle of Antietam.
As a division commander in the VI Corps, he participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg. After that disastrous defeat, he and other generals journeyed to see President Abraham Lincoln and informed him of their lack of confidence in Army of the Potomac commander, Maj. Gen. Ambrose E. Burnside. This was one of the causes of Burnside's relief in January 1863, but it also damaged Newton's career. He was promoted to major general on March 30, 1863 but Congress never officially confirmed it and the promotion expired a year later.
In the Chancellorsville Campaign, Newton was wounded at Salem Church. At Gettysburg, George Meade named Newton to command of the I Corps after John F. Reynolds was killed in the battle. Command of the corps had fallen to Abner Doubleday, the ranking division commander, but Meade had little regard for Doubleday's fighting ability, dating back to South Mountain, so Meade preferred Newton to command it instead. Newton commanded the I Corps until the start of the Overland Campaign in the spring of 1864, when the I Corps was dissolved and its remnants divided among the II and V Corps. At this point, Newton reverted to the rank of brigadier general and was sent west to serve with William T. Sherman.
In the Atlanta Campaign, he commanded the 2nd Division, IV Corps, in Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas's command. He served under Sherman, who regarded him highly. At the Battle of Peachtree Creek, he prevented a dangerous Confederate movement against Sherman and his rapidly constructed works allowed him to turn back the Confederate thrust, a victory that put his official military career back on track.
After the capture of Atlanta, Newton left active field duty and commanded the District of Key West and the Tortugas of the Department of the Gulf from 1864 to 1866. His last campaign resulted in a defeat at the Battle of Natural Bridge in Florida in March 1865, which temporarily enabled the Confederates to hold on to the state capital.
Postbellum career
Returning to the Corps of Engineers, Newton oversaw improvements to the waterways around New York City, into Vermont, and to the Hudson River above Albany. He also had charge of New York Harbor defenses until he was appointed Chief of Engineers in 1884. He is famed for blowing up two of New York's Hell Gate Rocks, the three acre Hallet's Point Reef with 50,000 pounds of a nitroglycerine compound and the nine acre Flood Rock with 282,730 pounds of dynamite on October 10, 1885, that detonation destroying 730,935,900 pounds of rock. For his extraordinary achievements, he was elected to the prestigious National Academy of Sciences. Newton retired from the Army in 1886 after forty-four years of service, a year short of mandatory retirement at age 64. He served as Commissioner of Public Works, New York City (1886–88), and as President of the Panama Railroad Company (1888–95). Newton died in New York City on May 1, 1895 of complications from heart disease and rheumatism. He was buried at Calvary Cemetery in Woodside, Queens on May 4, 1895 and then reburied at West Point on June 14, 1895.
In 1886, he was awarded the Laetare Medal by the University of Notre Dame, the oldest and most prestigious award for American Catholics.
In 1899, the Corps of Engineers named a 175-foot paddlewheeler in Newton's honor; the boat was later used as the Minnesota Centennial Showboat until its destruction by fire in 2000.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Union)
References
Forthcoming book from McFarland about Hell Gate and John Newton in 2020 written by Thomas Barthel.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher. Civil War High Commands. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Biographical sketch in The Popular science monthly 1886
Art. 4. The Blasting of Rocks Underwater Without Drilling. Merchants' Magazine and Commercial Review. Volume 27, 1852
External links
1823 births
1895 deaths
United States Military Academy alumni
Military personnel from Norfolk, Virginia
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
United States Army Corps of Engineers Chiefs of Engineers
United States Army generals
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Laetare Medal recipients
Burials at West Point Cemetery
Ming & Ping are an Asian American electronic pop band from Los Angeles, California. The group consists of Hong Kong born identical twin brothers Ming and Ping (last names unknown) and their producer/creative director Bao Vo.
Biography
The band was formed in 2002 in San Francisco, California and released their first full-length album in 2004 entitled mingping.com with Chicago-based indie record label Omega Point Records. The brothers have stated in numerous interviews that they are heavily influenced by 80s new wave bands such as Pet Shop Boys and New Order, and their 2007 album Causeway Army appeared in XLR8R magazine's March 2008 top ten, where it was described as "full of high-energy electro pop that works just as well in a Prada boutique as it would a gritty nightclub in London."
Ming & Ping has gained a following largely from their songs appearing in snowboarding films and other sports film, television, and promotional spots from major companies like Burton Snowboards, Bombardier Ski-Doo, Transworld Snowboarding, Oakley, CrossFit, Alliance Wakeboard, among others.
The group is also known for their visual art, costumes, and theatrical live performances that are primarily directed by artist Bao Vo, whose collaboration with other artists has yielded a large portfolio of photography, illustrations, videos, and costumes that is uncommon for independent musical acts. Vo is also responsible for assembling the brothers as a musical act and the supporting cast for their Cantonese Opera inspired live performances known as "The Ming & Ping Dynasty." These performances have been exhibited on tour with Freezepop and with groups such as Major Lazer, West Indian Girl, and Ultraviolet Sound. West Indian Girl and How to Destroy Angels vocalist Mariqueen Maandig Reznor has appeared as a guest vocalist on two Ming & Ping songs, "Mixed Melodies" from their eponymous 2009 album and "Chinatown" from 2012's The Darkness of Night.
Ming & Ping notably employ mobile apps to aid in both the composition and distribution of their music. In 2009 they released an iPhone application entitled Ming & Ping Pong, a version of the game Pong featuring their music and visual aesthetic, and they make use of the Sonoma Wire Works application FourTrack and Retronyms' DopplerPad to begin work on new songs.
Interest in the group is aided by rumors that both twins are in fact the same performer. However, due to their rare public appearances, these rumors remain unconfirmed.
Discography
Full-length albums
mingping.com (2004, Omega Point Records)
MP2 (2005, Omega Point Records)
Causeway Army (2007, Bao Vo Creative)
Ming & Ping (August 2009, Bao Vo Creative)
The Light of Day / The Darkness of Night (October 2014, Bao Vo Creative)
Other releases
Ming & Ping Live Vol.1 (2006, Bao Vo Creative) - recorded at a September 2006 show at the Rickshaw Stop, San Francisco, California.
The Darkness of Night (2012, Bao Vo Creative) - the first of a pair of "Twin EP's" according to the album notes.
Old Haunts New Feels (2016, Bao Vo Creative) - single released in digital formats only.
Los Angeles November 2019 (2019, Bao Vo Creative) - 3-song EP inspired by the film Blade Runner by Ridley Scott.
Los Angeles November 2019 (Instrumental Version) (2020, Bao Vo Creative) - 3-song EP featuring instrumental versions of the preceding EP.
Featured songs
Dream of Pop was featured in Oakley's 2008 snowboarding film "Uniquely" for which they performed at the movie premiere party inside of Oakley headquarters.
Sleep Now was featured in Oakley's wakeboarding film "Push Process" from 1242 Productions, November 2007.
Beautiful Things was featured in the 2007 snowboarding film "Picture This" by Mack Dawg Productions (MDP)
Dream of Pop (a short clip of the song) was featured in the 2007 snowboarding film "We're People Too" by Mack Dawg Productions (MDP)
The Bluest Grey and Shenzhen Speed were featured in the Transworld Snowboarding 2005 Team Challenge DVD (November 2005 issue)
Highrise Dragonflies Demo was featured in a 2006 Park City Mountain Resorts promotional DVD
Spacey March Demo and Legend Demo are featured in Mack Dawg Productions' 2006 "People" Snowboarding DVD
Delete was featured in Mack Dawg Productions for Ski-Doo Snowmobiles "Ski-Doo Freestyle" promotional video in 2006
Delete was also featured in Some Kinda Life snowboarding film (2005, Neoproto Films)
A.I., in remixed form, appears in Synthphony Records' REMIXed! Vol.#5 CD
Shenzhen Speed was featured in Alliance Wakeboarding's Innuendo DVD (2006)
Love, Jealousy, A Little Different, and Metallic Whispers used in different promotional videos for Snow Summit Inc (Big Bear Resorts) from 2005 to 2006
Mission Control was featured in the snowboarding film As If! by Misschief Films (2006)
Midnight on the Bridge was featured in the skiing/snowboarding film Witness by Ohio Freestyle and Kyle Decker (2006)
Sofia (Ming & Ping Remix) is a remix of West Indian Girl's "Sofia" and appears on "4th On the Floor - West Indian Girl Remixes, Vol. 2" (2009, Smash Hit Music Co.)
Thought Balloon (Ming & Ping Rethink) is a remix of Freezepop's "Thought Balloon" and appears on "Form Activity Motion" (2008, Freezepop)
Heavensent - Ming & Ping Remix is a remix of a single by BAO (2017, Bao Vo Creative, Inc.)
References
External links
Ming & Ping official website
Bao Vo Creative
American pop music groups
Sibling duos
Identical twins
Musical groups established in 2002
American people of Chinese descent
Twin people from the United States
2002 establishments in California
The 1968–69 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 58th since its establishment.
League table
References
1968–69 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny is a 1997 action role-playing game, second installment of the Lands of Lore series, a sequel to Lands of Lore: The Throne of Chaos. It brought about a drastic change in gameplay style from its predecessor, opting away from the original's D&D turn-based style in favor of more action elements. A sequel, Lands of Lore III, was released in 1999.
Gameplay
Similar to its contemporary Realms of the Haunting, Guardians of Destiny is a first-person adventure game which, while featuring occasional combat, revolves around the solving of puzzles. Like in most adventure games, the player can interact with objects and people by clicking on them, collect items into an inventory, and use items from their inventory on environmental objects. However, some puzzles also require the player to cast spells, use their melee attack, or drag objects and even enemy corpses into specific locations.
Navigating through the environment also often involves platforming challenges, some of which can be undertaken only in one specific form. The player character, Luther, has a curse which causes him to randomly change between three forms: human, lizard, and beast. Later in the game the player acquires spells which can be used to change form at will if in human or lizard form; once in beast form Luther must wait to change randomly back to human form, since the beast cannot cast spells. The lizard form is small, allowing it to enter tunnels inaccessible to other forms, but preventing it from crossing even shallow streams of water without drowning. It can run faster and cast spells more easily than other forms. The beast form is tall and heavy, such that it can make only mild jumps, but in some places its size allows it to step across gaps that the other two forms would have to jump over. The human form is an average of the other two in most respects, but is the only form which can equip weapons or armor.
Combat works similarly to The Throne of Chaos, except that the player's party consists of just one character, and most enemies will not attack the player character unless provoked. Luther can use a melee attack, fire a bow at range, use items, and cast spells at four different levels. Each spell has a fifth level which is only usable if Luther consumes an ancient stone or has acquired the Mantle of the Ancients, which occurs at a set point near the end of the game. Spells draw on a limited pool of magic points, which, like Luther's health, is gradually recovered over time.
Plot
The plot follows Luther, son of Scotia, who is imprisoned by the soldiers of Gladstone and accused for being a member of the Dark Army. Luther is cursed to be morphed into either a monster or a lizard, thanks to which he manages to escape. While the Draracle guides him, Dawn and Bacatta (from the previous game) initially chase, and later aid him. Luther must go on his quest while avoiding his many pursuers.
The player controls Luther on his quest to solve the curse. Randomly he will change forms, gaining the respective advantages (higher strength with the beast, or increased magical ability with the lizard), and the opportunity to enter small spaces and discover secret areas). The power to change forms willingly is eventually bestowed upon the player in the game.
There are a myriad of locations to explore. They include, but are not limited to, the Draracle's Caves, the Draracle's Museum, the Huline Jungle, the Savage Jungle, The Dracoid Cemetery and Ruins, the Claw Mountains, the Huline Temple, the Ruloi Citadel, and the wondrous City of the Ancients.
The player can choose between two branches, good or evil, which then evolve into seven possible endings. Endings include when Luther loses the final battle with Be'lial and the land is overrun with nasties, when "good" Luther triumphs and the Draracle discovers Luther in bed with Dawn, and when "bad" Luther triumphs, shown from behind raining destruction on the land as a powerful god. Other endings include not being quick enough to escape from the Armory in Belials Laboratory, which shows Belial smiting the Huline Village with an energy blast, being killed by the Draracle when Luther kills Belial on the Evil ending branch, and being seduced and killed by Dawn before the fight with Belial if the player acted badly towards her during the game. Going to the entrance of the starting cave a second time, at the beginning of the cave results in being killed by the soldiers stationed there, a different cinematic can play, depending on the form Luther is current in at the time of his death.
Development
Because role-playing titles such as The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall had recently attained commercial hit status, Westwood opted to "make Lands of Lore 2 one of its flagship titles for the latter half of 1997", according to Next Generation.
Reception
Critical reviews
The game received above-average reviews. Keith Sullivan of PC Gamer US called it a "very good game", but stated that its engine was dated in comparison to Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II and Quake. He believed that those who look past its graphics and "accept it for what it is" will have "a rollicking good time." Cindy Yans of Computer Games Strategy Plus summarized, "This is a solid title with an excellent storyline, interesting characters and a rich, convincing world to explore, but the FMV fiasco, awkward controls and the now-quite-dated graphics engine, along with a very anticlimactic ending, make for a not-quite-stellar adventure RPG."
A reviewer for Next Generation wrote, "Lands of Lore is a worthy sequel, but it's also something of a mutt — part RPG, part adventure". The writer concluded that, while the game "may have its quirks", it is "an entertaining romp" for those willing to overlook the issues. In PC PowerPlay, David Wildgoose hailed it as "perhaps the most complete game I've played" and praised its mixture of genres. He believed that it was "a new level" of quality for Westwood.
PC Zones Jamie Cunningham called the game "yet another Westwood masterpiece", and believed that it "dispenses with all the point-and-click statistical mumbo jumbo, and puts an end to the myth that RPGs are boring." Andy Backer of Computer Game Entertainment summarized the game as "flawed and frustrating but brilliant." Writing for PC Gamer UK, Andy Butcher concluded that "if you can put up with its patchy nature and uninspiring graphics, Lands Of Lore II: Guardians Of Destiny does have many, many hours of fun to offer. But if you were expecting a classic of the genre, you'll be ever-so-slightly disappointed."
In a negative review, Computer Gaming Worlds Scorpia called the game a "horror" and wrote, "Guardians is not an RPG nor an adventure nor an action game, but a patchwork of all three, and a threadbare one at that. For any RPG-starved gamer, this one is a disappointment beyond words."
Sales
The game claimed #11 in the U.S. on PC Data's computer game sales rankings for October 1997. A writer for CNET Gamecenter noted that the game was part of a trend of role-playing successes that month, alongside Ultima Online and Fallout. He remarked, "If October's list is any indication, RPGs are back." The game was absent from PC Data's top 20 by November.
On Media Control's computer game sales charts for the German market, the game debuted in second place in the latter half of October. Holding this position in the first half of November, it proceeded to chart in the top 10 through the end of 1997. During 1998, the game remained in the top 20 through the end of February, and placed 40th and 45th in May. At that time, it had maintained an unbroken 28-week streak in the top 50.
Awards
The game was a finalist for the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences' 1997 "Role Playing Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to Dungeon Keeper. It was also nominated for the "Best RPG" award at the CNET Gamecenter Awards for 1997, which went to Diablo; and was a runner-up for Computer Gaming Worlds 1997 "Strategy Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to Fallout. The game won the award for "RPG" at PC PowerPlays 1997 Game of the Year Awards.
References
Notes
Footnotes
External links
1997 video games
DOS games
Fantasy video games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Role-playing video games
Video games about reptiles
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Frank Klepacki
Virgin Interactive games
Westwood Studios games
Windows games
Single-player video games
Pickavance is an English surname.
The name has been recorded in several spelling forms including Pickance, Pickavance, Pickvance and Pickavant and has pre-medieval origins. It derives from the French phrase 'pricke avant' meaning to spur on, and as such was probably a metonymic or nickname for a messenger or herald, one who was in advance of the main army.
Early examples of the surname recording include:
Jan Pickedevant, at St. James Church, Clerkenwell, in 1606
Edward Picavance given as being a farmer of Chester, in 1662
Simon Prickadvance, in the Hearth tax rolls of the county of Sussex, in 1678
The first recorded spelling of the family name is believed to be that of William Prickeavant, dated 1273, in the Pipe rolls of the county of Bedfordshire, during the reign of Edward I.
The name may refer to:
People:
Ian Pickavance (born 1968), an English former professional rugby league footballer
Norman Pickavance, an advisor, author and activist involved in organisation and societal renewal
Stephen Pickavance, a British former competitive figure skater
Thomas Gerald Pickavance (1915–1991), a British nuclear physicist
References
English-language surnames
Surnames of French origin
Occupational surnames
The 200th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade is a military formation of the 14th Army Corps, part of the Northern Military District, based at Pechenga in Murmansk Oblast. The brigade was formed from the 131st Motor Rifle Division in 1997 and was one of the two Russian Arctic warfare brigades.
In 2014, brigade units participated in the War in Donbas.
In 2022, brigade units participated in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Interrogations of Russian prisoners of war established that the brigade was in Ukraine and was almost annihilated in the Battle of Kharkiv (2022). A reserve battalion of the brigade was reportedly being activated for operations in Ukraine as of July 2022.
History
The 200th Brigade was formed from the former 131st Motor Rifle Division in 1997. It inherited the honorifics "Pechenga Order of Kutuzov" from the division.
Transition to professional contract status was planned to finish at the end of 2006. At the beginning of April 2006 the brigade had about 700 professional personnel, practically all sergeant positions having been filled by kontraktniks ( contracted professional soldiers). More than 180 military men and women have signed contracts for service in communications, medical, and rear services subunits. The brigade had about 10 professional soldiers from other Commonwealth of Independent States members. At the beginning of 2006, during a trip to the Leningrad Military District, the 200th Brigade was visited by the Minister of Defence, Sergei Ivanov. The brigade has association links with the Norwegian 6th Division (Norway) and the Swedish Norrbottens Regiment.
It formed part of the 6th Army in the Western Military District. As of November 2011 it became the first of two new Arctic brigades of the Russian Ground Forces. The unit had some disciplinary problems. In November 2012 it became part of the Coastal Troops of the Northern Fleet.
In 2014, the brigade was involved in the War in Donbas. Elements of the brigade participated in the battle of Luhansk Airport and were spotted in the Khryashchevatoe village, a Luhansk suburb. In October 2014, Senior Lieutenant Yevgeny Trundayev, commander of the anti-tank platoon of the 1st Motorized Infantry Battalion, was killed in the clashes for 32nd checkpoint, a battle in Luhansk region. He was later awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation.
The brigade has formed part of the 14th Army Corps since the corps' formation in April 2017.
As of February 2022, elements of the Brigade were reported deployed on operations as part of the invasion of Ukraine, operating in the area near Kharkiv. Deployed troops of brigade suffered heavy casualties near Kharkiv with more than 30 units of equipment destroyed or captured.
Current structure
The 200th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade consists of a brigade headquarters, three motor rifle battalions, one tank battalion, a brigade artillery group (coordinating two separate self-propelled howitzer battalions and one separate rocket artillery battalion), an anti-aircraft missile battalion, an anti-aircraft missile-artillery battalion, an anti-tank artillery battalion, a reconnaissance battalion, and several directly subordinated combat support and combat service support battalions and companies.
Brigade Headquarters
274th Separate Guards Engineer Battalion
293rd Electronic Warfare Company
185th Postal Service Station
Separate Reconnaissance Battalion
Separate Communications Battalion
NBC Defense Company
Medical Company
Commandant Company
Separate Material Support Battalion
Maintenance Battalion
Sniper Company
UAV Company
583rd Separate Guards Motor Rifle Battalion (MT-LB)
658th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (MT-LB)
664th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (MT-LB)
60th Separate Guards Tank Battalion (T-80BVM)
Brigade Artillery Group (BrAG)
Control and Reconnaissance Battery (for brigade Chief of Artillery)
416th Separate Guards Howitzer Self-Propelled Artillery Division (152mm)
471st Separate Guards Howitzer Self-Propelled Artillery Division (152mm)
382nd Separate Rocket Artillery Battalion (BM-21)
871st Separate Anti-Tank Artillery Battalion
226th Separate Anti-Aircraft Missile Battalion
246th Separate Anti-Aircraft Missile-Artillery Battalion
Equipment
The 200th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade has the following equipment:
41 × T-80BVM Main Battle Tanks
36 × 2S19 Msta self-propelled howitzers
18 × BM-21 Grad Multiple Rocket Launchers
MT-LB based 9P149 tank destroyers with 9K114 Shturm Anti-tank missile
SA-13 Gopher
Rapira 100-MM AT gun
SA-8 Gecko
Barnaul-T air defence system
SA-19 Grison
Commanders
Colonel Vitaly Leonidovich Razgonov (September 2009April 2011)
Colonel Denis Kurilo ( > 2022) ( >2022 Death )
References
Mechanised infantry brigades of Russia
Military units and formations established in 1997
Military units and formations of Russia in the war in Donbas
Murmansk Oblast
Peut-être (Maybe; Perhaps) is a 1999 French science fiction comedy film. Directed by Cédric Klapisch with a budget of 75 million francs, the film runs for 109 minutes. It featured Romain Duris, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Géraldine Pailhas and Julie Depardieu. The film premiered at a Buck Rogers-themed New Year's Eve party.
Plot
After having sex with his girlfriend Lucie (Pailhas) in a bathroom, Arthur (Duris) discovers that a ceiling panel is a time portal to the Paris in the future, although it appears more like a sun-baked desert city by that point. There he meets an old man named Ako (Belmondo) who turns out to be Arthur's son. Ako attempts to persuade Arthur to impregnate Lucie so that he can exist in this future.
Cast
Jean-Paul Belmondo as Ako
Romain Duris as Arthur
Géraldine Pailhas as Lucie
Julie Depardieu as Nathalie
Lorànt Deutsch as Prince Fur
Emmanuelle Devos as Juliette
Léa Drucker as Clotilde
Vincent Elbaz as Philippe
Hélène Fillières as Rosemonde
Olivier Gourmet as Jean-Claude
Riton Liebman as Mathieu
Marceline Loridan-Ivens as Madeleine
Olivier Py as Green Man
Jocelyn Quivrin as The Martian
Liliane Rovère as Marie-Jeanne
Zinedine Soualem as Kader
Jean-Pierre Bacri as The father
Élisa Servier as The mother
Cathy Guetta as The DJ
Olivia Del Rio as The naked girl
References
External links
1999 films
1990s science fiction comedy films
Films directed by Cédric Klapisch
Films set in Paris
French science fiction comedy films
Films about time travel
1999 comedy films
1990s French films
The Linux kernel is able to run on a variety of devices made by Apple, including ones that are iOS-based where the unlocking of the bootloader is not possible with official procedure.
iPad
In June 2022, software developers Konrad Dybcio and Markuss Broks managed to run Linux kernel 5.18 on a iPad Air 2. The project made use of the Alpine Linux based Linux distribution called postmarketOS, which is primarily developed for Android devices. The developer suggested that they used the checkm8 exploit which was published back in 2019.
iPhone
In 2008, Linux kernel 2.6 was ported to the iPhone 3G, iPhone (1st generation), and iPod Touch (1st generation) using OpeniBoot.
Project Sandcastle made it possible to run Android on an iPhone 7/7+ or an iPod Touch (7th generation).
iPod
iBook
Debian can be installed on the Apple iBook.
Mac
In 2010, Whitson Gordon from Lifehacker noted that Apple has streamlined the process of dual booting Windows on Macs, but not for Linux. rEFIt made it possible to dual boot Linux.
Linux can also be installed on Motorola 68k based Macs.
The Asahi Linux project is porting Linux to the M1 (and up) based SoCs.
See also
iBoot
Cydia
Linux range of use
OtherOS
Linux on IBM Z
References
Apple Inc.
Linux kernel
The Dinamo Tirana–KF Tirana rivalry is a rivalry between football clubs KF Tirana and Dinamo Tirana, the two most successful clubs from the city of Tirana in Albania. It is one of the longest currently running top-flight derby in Albania. KF Tirana dominates either historically, or during last 30 seasons against the Dinamo.
However, Dinamo have won more ties in their Cup confrontation.
Win–loss totals
Kategoria Superiore
Albanian Cup
Title of shame
It was 24 June 1967. Tirana and Partizani played their derby of the 19th round of 1967 Championship . Match had just been played in full and finished 2:1. Fans were peacefully leaving stands and, as players had already left the pitch and were heading towards dressing rooms, two of opposite players have just had a verbal exchange which ended there and then.
It was a huge surprise to see the paper headlines the next morning: "Due to direct decision of AFA, Tirana and Partizani forfeit the match 0:3, are deducted 3 points each and will thereafter lose by default remaining matches!"
Many were asking: "what went wrong, match was played in the pitch, it produced lots of emotions and fans acknowledged the final result. What did teams do to receive such a harsh treatment?"
However, it became clear days after: the decision to expel both clubs was taken directly from Ministry of Affairs and passed to AFA for execution. Since Partizani was out of title fight due to a huge point gap and the only way that Dinamo could get the title was punishing Tirana - table leaders at the moment, they finally found the excuse in that minor verbal exchange two players had after the match. Truth is they just couldn't support the fact that KF Tirana was about to achieve the 3rd title in a row, instead of Partizani or Dinamo. The day championship trophy was handed, Skënder Jareci, the manager of Dinamo, wouldn't take it on the traditional lap of honour, citing that Dinamo didn't truly deserve that title!
By forfeiting that match and losing the subsequent 3 remaining matches, Dinamo would automatically gain enough points to overtake Tirana and win the title. It was a disgrace for Albanian football, such that even UEFA still refrains to recognize the champions Dinamo for that year. The next season, because of the disqualification farce, Dinamo were denied entry to the European Cup by UEFA; their opponents, Braunschweig, received a walkover and eventually reached the quarter-finals.
All matches Tirana vs Dinamo
Kategoria Superiore
30 recent seasons of Tirana vs Dinamo
League placements
The league placement table shows the results of KF Tirana and Dinamo Tirana, when they played in Kategoria Superiore.
• Total: KF Tirana 38 times higher, Dinamo Tirana 28 times higher.
External links
Results of the derby, starting of 1998
See also
KF Tirana-KF Vllaznia rivalry
Tirana derbies
KF Tirana–Partizani Tirana rivalry
References
Football derbies in Albania
Rivalry with Tirana
Rivalry with Dinamo
Aira Force is a waterfall in the English Lake District, in the civil parish of Matterdale and the county of Cumbria. The site of the waterfall is owned by the National Trust.
Description
The stream flowing over the waterfall is Aira Beck, which rises on the upper slopes of Stybarrow Dodd at a height of and flows north-easterly before turning south, blocked by the high heather-covered slopes of Gowbarrow Fell. It turns south on its eight-kilometre journey to join Ullswater, at a height of . One kilometre before entering the lake, the beck makes the leap down a rocky and steep sided ravine at the falls known as Aira Force. The water falls approximately to a rocky pool, from where the beck continues through a shallow valley to the lake.
The river name Aira is derived from Old Norse eyrr, a gravel bank, and Old Norse á, a river, hence "the river at the gravel bank", a reference to Aira Point, a gravelly spit where the river enters Ullswater. The Old Norse word fors, waterfall, has been adopted into several northern English dialects and is widely used for waterfalls, with the English spelling 'Force'. Thus, "the waterfall on gravel-bank river".
Tourism
Aira Force lies on land owned by the National Trust. The Trust purchased the 750-acre Gowbarrow Park (on which the force lies) in 1906 and has provided facilities, such as car parking, disabled access, graded paths, and viewing platforms to make Aira Force one of the most famous and most visited waterfalls in the Lake District. The National Trust has also provided public lavatories and a café, and the site is open to visitors throughout the year. A public footpath from the village of Dockray passes the waterfall.
Beside the walk that passes up the glen is located a good example of a Wish Tree, in this case using a large fallen tree trunk. Visitors hammer coins into it using stones from the site.
In 2015, Ullswater 'Steamers' opened a jetty on the lake shore near Aira Force, making the waterfall accessible by foot passenger ferry from Glenridding. A new footpath runs from Aira Force as far as Glencoyne Bay, but only a track exists from this point on.
Bridges
A small arched bridge spans the stream just as the beck goes over the falls giving views from the top. There is also a second bridge at the foot of the falls. Both bridges were constructed in honour of two members of the Spring family early in the 20th century. Cecil Spring Rice was the British ambassador to the USA during the First World War, while Stephen Spring Rice was a senior civil servant. The bridges are of particular interest: the lower is made of vertical stones, not traditional in this area of Cumbria, while the higher has horizontal stones, more in keeping with the dale customs.
Poetry
The Lake Poet William Wordsworth paid many visits to the area around Aira Force; he was probably inspired to write his poem "Daffodils", with the opening line "I wandered lonely as a cloud", as he observed daffodils growing on the shore of Ullswater near where Aira Beck enters the lake near Glencoyne Bay. The falls themselves are mentioned in three Wordsworth poems, the most famous reference being in "The Somnambulist", where in the final verse he writes:
Letitia Elizabeth Landon's poem on the subject refers to a legend that a hermit once lived beneath the falls.
References
External links
Ullswater and Aira Force information at the National Trust
Lake District Walks - Aira Force Waterfall
Video on the Legend of Lady Emma and Sir Eglamore
Video of the Aira Force Wish Tree
Video footage of the Aira Force Pier
Video of the Glenridding to Glencoyne Bay walk
Tourist attractions in Cumbria
National Trust properties in the Lake District
Waterfalls of Cumbria
The 2016–17 Orlando Magic season was the 28th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Key dates
May 12, 2016: Scott Skiles stepped down as head coach of the Magic.
May 20, 2016: The Magic hired Frank Vogel to become their new head coach.
June 24, 2016: The 2016 NBA Draft takes place at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York; Orlando trades their top selection (Domantas Sabonis), Victor Oladipo, and Ersan İlyasova to the Oklahoma City Thunder in exchange for their defensive-oriented (star) center, Serge Ibaka.
February 14, 2017: Serge Ibaka gets traded to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for Terrance Ross and the Raptors' 2017 draft pick.
April 13, 2017: Rob Hennigan is fired as general manager, despite having a year remaining on his contract.
Draft picks
Roster
Standings
Division
Conference
Game log
Pre-season
|- style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| October 3
| @ Memphis
|
| Evan Fournier (18)
| Bismack Biyombo (10)
| Nikola Vučević (5)
| FedExForum18,119
| 0–1
|- style="background:#fcc;"
| 2
| October 5
| @ Cleveland
|
| Jeff Green (19)
| Biyombo, Johnson, Vučević (5)
| Nick Johnson (5)
| Quicken Loans Arena18,789
| 0–2
|- style="background:#fcc;"
| 3
| October 12
| San Antonio
|
| Evan Fournier (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (11)
| Biyombo, Hezonja, Watson (3)
| Amway Center15,092
| 0–3
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 4
| October 14
| Indiana
|
| Serge Ibaka (19)
| Serge Ibaka (17)
| C. J. Watson (10)
| Amway Center14,097
| 1–3
|- style="background:#fcc;"
| 5
| October 16
| Atlanta
|
| Serge Ibaka (25)
| Bismack Biyombo (19)
| Elfrid Payton (5)
| Amway Center15,081
| 1–4
|- style="background:#fcc;"
| 6
| October 18
| @ Miami
|
| Serge Ibaka (15)
| Serge Ibaka (9)
| Elfrid Payton (4)
| American Airlines Arena19,600
| 1–5
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 7
| October 20
| New Orleans
|
| Evan Fournier (24)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| Elfrid Payton (12)
| Amway Center14,901
| 2–5
Regular season
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 1
| October 26
| Miami
|
| Evan Fournier (20)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (5)
| Amway Center19,298
| 0–1
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2
| October 28
| @ Detroit
|
| Aaron Gordon (17)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (6)
| The Palace of Auburn Hills19,122
| 0–2
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 3
| October 29
| @ Cleveland
|
| Evan Fournier (22)
| Jeff Green (10)
| Fournier, Payton (5)
| Quicken Loans Arena20,562
| 0–3
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 4
| November 1
| @ Philadelphia
|
| Nikola Vučević (24)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Wells Fargo Center12,529
| 1–3
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 5
| November 3
| Sacramento
|
| Evan Fournier (29)
| Aaron Gordon (10)
| Elfrid Payton (11)
| Amway Center17,026
| 2–3
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 6
| November 5
| Washington
|
| Jeff Green (18)
| Bismack Biyombo (12)
| D. J. Augustin (5)
| Amway Center18,846
| 3–3
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 7
| November 7
| @ Chicago
|
| Aaron Gordon (15)
| Biyombo, Ibaka (7)
| Elfrid Payton (6)
| United Center21,320
| 3–4
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 8
| November 9
| Minnesota
|
| Nikola Vučević (24)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| Amway Center17,102
| 3–5
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 9
| November 11
| Utah
|
| Evan Fournier (21)
| Serge Ibaka (9)
| Evan Fournier (4)
| Amway Center18,846
| 3–6
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 10
| November 13
| @ Oklahoma City
|
| Serge Ibaka (31)
| Serge Ibaka (9)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Chesapeake Energy Arena18,203
| 4–6
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 11
| November 14
| @ Indiana
|
| Evan Fournier (14)
| Serge Ibaka (13)
| Ibaka, Payton, Fournier (2)
| Bankers Life Fieldhouse14,825
| 4–7
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 12
| November 16
| New Orleans
|
| Fournier, Ibaka (16)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (4)
| Amway Center16,127
| 5–7
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 13
| November 19
| Dallas
|
| D. J. Augustin (18)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| D. J. Augustin (6)
| Amway Center18,846
| 6–7
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 14
| November 21
| @ Milwaukee
|
| Serge Ibaka (21)
| Nikola Vučević (11)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| BMO Harris Bradley Center12,306
| 6–8
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 15
| November 23
| Phoenix
|
| Evan Fournier (25)
| Nikola Vučević (13)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| Amway Center17,069
| 6–9
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 16
| November 25
| Washington
|
| Serge Ibaka (19)
| Nikola Vučević (17)
| Elfrid Payton (5)
| Amway Center17,103
| 6–10
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 17
| November 27
| Milwaukee
|
| Evan Fournier (27)
| Nikola Vučević (16)
| Evan Fournier (7)
| Amway Center16,521
| 6–11
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 18
| November 29
| @ San Antonio
|
| Serge Ibaka (18)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Evan Fournier (7)
| AT&T Center18,418
| 7–11
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 19
| December 1
| @ Memphis
|
| Evan Fournier (28)
| Bismack Biyombo (14)
| Elfrid Payton (5)
| FedExForum13,344
| 7–12
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 20
| December 2
| @ Philadelphia
|
| Aaron Gordon (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (13)
| Nikola Vučević (5)
| Wells Fargo Center13,711
| 8–12
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 21
| December 4
| @ Detroit
|
| Serge Ibaka (21)
| Nikola Vučević (8)
| Biyombo, Ibaka (4)
| The Palace of Auburn Hills15,206
| 9–12
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 22
| December 6
| @ Washington
|
| Elfrid Payton (25)
| Bismack Biyombo (13)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Verizon Center12,116
| 10–12
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 23
| December 7
| Boston
|
| D. J. Augustin (17)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Evan Fournier (5)
| Amway Center17,009
| 10–13
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 24
| December 9
| @ Charlotte
|
| Evan Fournier (14)
| Serge Ibaka (7)
| Elfrid Payton (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,707
| 10–14
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 25
| December 10
| Denver
|
| Evan Fournier (24)
| Biyombo, Gordon (6)
| D. J. Augustin (7)
| Amway Center17,010
| 10–15
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 26
| December 13
| @ Atlanta
|
| Serge Ibaka (29)
| Bismack Biyombo (9)
| Elfrid Payton (14)
| Philips Arena17,789
| 11–15
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 27
| December 14
| L.A. Clippers
|
| Aaron Gordon (33)
| Bismack Biyombo (12)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Amway Center18,846
| 11–16
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 28
| December 16
| Brooklyn
|
| Fournier, Vučević (21)
| Ibaka, Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (5)
| Amway Center17,668
| 12–16
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 29
| December 18
| Toronto
|
| Evan Fournier (15)
| Bismack Biyombo (12)
| Fournier, Payton (3)
| Amway Center17,251
| 12–17
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 30
| December 20
| @ Miami
|
| Fournier, Vučević (26)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| Augustin, Payton (6)
| American Airlines Arena19,600
| 13–17
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 31
| December 22
| @ New York
|
| Serge Ibaka (23)
| Serge Ibaka (10)
| Nikola Vučević (6)
| Madison Square Garden19,812
| 13–18
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 32
| December 23
| L.A. Lakers
|
| Elfrid Payton (25)
| Serge Ibaka (11)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Amway Center18,846
| 14–18
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 33
| December 26
| Memphis
|
| Aaron Gordon (30)
| Bismack Biyombo (12)
| Augustin, Payton (7)
| Amway Center17,104
| 15–18
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 34
| December 28
| Charlotte
|
| Nikola Vučević (21)
| Serge Ibaka (7)
| Payton, Vučević, Watson (4)
| Amway Center18,273
| 15–19
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 35
| January 1
| @ Indiana
|
| Nikola Vučević (18)
| Nikola Vučević (11)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| Bankers Life Fieldhouse17,530
| 15–20
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 36
| January 2
| @ New York
|
| Jodie Meeks (23)
| Nikola Vučević (13)
| Elfrid Payton (14)
| Madison Square Garden19,812
| 16–20
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 37
| January 4
| Atlanta
|
| Gordon, Payton (15)
| Serge Ibaka (11)
| Payton, Vučević (6)
| Amway Center18,846
| 16–21
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 38
| January 6
| Houston
|
| D. J. Augustin (19)
| Ibaka, Vučević (12)
| Aaron Gordon (7)
| Amway Center19,272
| 16–22
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 39
| January 8
| @ L.A. Lakers
|
| Fournier, Ibaka, Vučević (19)
| Bismack Biyombo (11)
| D. J. Augustin (8)
| Staples Center18,997
| 16–23
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 40
| January 11
| @ L.A. Clippers
|
| Aaron Gordon (28)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| Nikola Vučević (4)
| Staples Center19,060
| 16–24
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 41
| January 13
| @ Portland
|
| Nikola Vučević (30)
| Ibaka, Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| Moda Center19,344
| 17–24
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 42
| January 14
| @ Utah
|
| Elfrid Payton (28)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Vivint Smart Home Arena19,911
| 17–25
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 43
| January 16
| @ Denver
|
| Elfrid Payton (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (9)
| Elfrid Payton (12)
| Pepsi Center11,217
| 17–26
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 44
| January 18
| @ New Orleans
|
| Gordon, Payton (14)
| Gordon, Vučević (8)
| Nikola Vučević (5)
| Smoothie King Center15,818
| 17–27
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 45
| January 20
| Milwaukee
|
| Elfrid Payton (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (13)
| D. J. Augustin (8)
| Amway Center19,307
| 18–27
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 46
| January 22
| Golden State
|
| Elfrid Payton (23)
| Bismack Biyombo (14)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Amway Center18,846
| 18–28
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 47
| January 24
| Chicago
|
| Nikola Vučević (20)
| Ibaka, Vučević (8)
| C.J. Watson (6)
| Amway Center18,846
| 18–29
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 48
| January 27
| @ Boston
|
| Rudež, Vučević (14)
| Biyombo, Vučević (7)
| Elfrid Payton (7)
| TD Garden18,624
| 18–30
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 49
| January 29
| @ Toronto
|
| Nikola Vučević (25)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Air Canada Centre19,800
| 19–30
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 50
| January 30
| @ Minnesota
|
| Elfrid Payton (21)
| Nikola Vučević (15)
| Nikola Vučević (5)
| Target Center11,124
| 19–31
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 51
| February 1
| Indiana
|
| Serge Ibaka (20)
| Nikola Vučević (15)
| Nikola Vučević (5)
| Amway Center16,662
| 19–32
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 52
| February 3
| Toronto
|
| Fournier, Ibaka (20)
| Serge Ibaka (12)
| Elfrid Payton (6)
| Amway Center17,141
| 20–32
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 53
| February 4
| @ Atlanta
|
| Aaron Gordon (16)
| Nikola Vučević (7)
| Fournier, Augustin, Gordon, Watson (3)
| Philips Arena16,691
| 20–33
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 54
| February 7
| @ Houston
|
| Serge Ibaka (28)
| Nikola Vučević (19)
| Elfrid Payton (8)
| Toyota Center15,514
| 20–34
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 55
| February 9
| Philadelphia
|
| Evan Fournier (24)
| Nikola Vučević (11)
| Evan Fournier (8)
| Amway Center17,829
| 20–35
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 56
| February 11
| @ Dallas
|
| Bismack Biyombo (15)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| C.J. Watson (5)
| American Airlines Center20,052
| 20–36
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 57
| February 13
| @ Miami
|
| Evan Fournier (24)
| Nikola Vučević (17)
| Fournier, Payton (4)
| American Airlines Arena19,600
| 21–36
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 58
| February 15
| San Antonio
|
| Nikola Vučević (16)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Evan Fournier (5)
| Amway Center17,101
| 21–37
|- align="center"
|colspan="9" bgcolor="#bbcaff"|All-Star Break
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 59
| February 23
| Portland
|
| Evan Fournier (20)
| Gordon, Vučević (9)
| Jeff Green (4)
| Amway Center17,487
| 21–38
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 60
| February 25
| Atlanta
|
| Terrence Ross (24)
| Nikola Vučević (14)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Amway Center18,498
| 22–38
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 61
| March 1
| New York
|
| Evan Fournier (22)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (4)
| Amway Center16,005
| 22–39
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 62
| March 3
| Miami
|
| Nikola Vučević (25)
| Gordon, Payton (10)
| Elfrid Payton (8)
| Amway Center17,136
| 23–39
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 63
| March 5
| @ Washington
|
| Terrence Ross (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (15)
| D. J. Augustin (4)
| Verizon Center19,195
| 23–40
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 64
| March 6
| New York
|
| Evan Fournier (25)
| Bismack Biyombo (14)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Amway Center16,046
| 23–41
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 65
| March 8
| Chicago
|
| Elfrid Payton (22)
| Elfrid Payton (14)
| Elfrid Payton (14)
| Amway Center16,063
| 24–41
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 66
| March 10
| @ Charlotte
|
| Aaron Gordon (20)
| Bismack Biyombo (10)
| Elfrid Payton (12)
| Time Warner Cable Arena17,444
| 24–42
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 67
| March 11
| Cleveland
|
| Nikola Vučević (20)
| Nikola Vučević (16)
| Elfrid Payton (6)
| Amway Center18,846
| 24–43
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 68
| March 13
| @ Sacramento
|
| Nikola Vučević (20)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Elfrid Payton (13)
| Golden 1 Center17,608
| 24–44
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 69
| March 16
| @ Golden State
|
| Green, Payton (13)
| Bismack Biyombo (10)
| Nikola Vučević (4)
| Oracle Arena19,596
| 24–45
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 70
| March 17
| @ Phoenix
|
| Evan Fournier (25)
| Nikola Vučević (17)
| Elfrid Payton (11)
| Talking Stick Resort Arena16,880
| 25–45
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 71
| March 20
| Philadelphia
|
| Nikola Vučević (26)
| Payton, Vučević (13)
| Gordon, Payton (4)
| Amway Center16,236
| 26–45
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 72
| March 22
| Charlotte
|
| Terrence Ross (19)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| Nikola Vučević (8)
| Amway Center16,034
| 26–46
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 73
| March 24
| Detroit
|
| Terrence Ross (18)
| Elfrid Payton (11)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Amway Center18,076
| 27–46
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 74
| March 27
| @ Toronto
|
| Elfrid Payton (22)
| Nikola Vučević (15)
| Elfrid Payton (9)
| Air Canada Centre19,800
| 27–47
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 75
| March 29
| Oklahoma City
|
| Evan Fournier (24)
| Nikola Vučević (16)
| Elfrid Payton (8)
| Amway Center18,408
| 27–48
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 76
| March 31
| @ Boston
|
| Aaron Gordon (32)
| Aaron Gordon (16)
| Elfrid Payton (15)
| TD Garden18,624
| 27–49
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 77
| April 1
| @ Brooklyn
|
| Nikola Vučević (27)
| Aaron Gordon (15)
| Elfrid Payton (11)
| Barclays Center15,976
| 27–50
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 78
| April 4
| @ Cleveland
|
| Evan Fournier (21)
| Biyombo, Vučević (10)
| Payton, Watson (6)
| Quicken Loans Arena20,562
| 27–51
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 79
| April 6
| Brooklyn
|
| Elfrid Payton (22)
| Nikola Vučević (12)
| Elfrid Payton (11)
| Amway Center18,095
| 28–51
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 80
| April 8
| Indiana
|
| Terrence Ross (29)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (10)
| Amway Center18,846
| 28–52
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 81
| April 10
| @ Chicago
|
| Fournier, Vucevic (14)
| Nikola Vučević (10)
| Elfrid Payton (4)
| United Center21,545
| 28–53
|- style="background:#bfb;"
| 82
| April 12
| Detroit
|
| Aaron Gordon (32)
| Aaron Gordon (12)
| Elfrid Payton (13)
| Amway Center19,458
| 29–53
Transactions
Trades
Free agency
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
References
Orlando Magic seasons
Orlando Magic
Orlando Magic
Orlando Magic
2010s in Orlando, Florida
R. elegans may refer to:
Rallus elegans, the king rail, a waterbird species found in North America
Ramodatodes elegans, a beetle species
Raphitoma elegans, a sea snail species
Rasbora elegans, the twospot rasbora, a ray-finned fish species
Restrepia elegans, an orchid species
Rhabdoderma elegans, an extinct genus of coelacanth fish that lived in the Carboniferous
Rivetina elegans, a praying mantis species
Rhodoplanes elegans, a bacterial species
Rhopalomyces elegans, a common species of zygomycete fungus
Rondeletia elegans, a flowering plant species
Samson Flexor (born Samson Modestovich Flexor; 9 September 1907, in Soroca, Bessarabia, Imperial Russia – 31 July 1971, in São Paulo, Brazil) was a French and Brazilian artist, and founder of the Brazilian abstract art.
Period of apprenticeship
Samson Flexor was born in Soroca in a wealthy Jewish family. His father, Modest Flexor, the son of merchant agricultural colony in Zguritsa (now Soroca District of Moldova) was known throughout the province as an agronomist, a landowner and one of the richest men. His mother Marie-Georgette (née Kleiner) was born in France. Samson was educated at a private school in Soroca, then in the Odessa Art School and school in Bucharest, where she moved the whole family. In 1922-1924 he studied at the Belgian Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Academie Royale des Beaux-Arts) in Brussels, and since 1924 in the Paris National School of Fine Arts (École Nationale des Beaux-Arts) Lucien Simon (Lucien Simon, 1861-1945), and also attended lectures on art history at the Sorbonne University. In 1926 he studied fresco technique in private Academie Ranson. In the late 1920s, his parents also settled in Paris, and in 1929 the family received French citizenship.
Paris period and conversion to Roman Catholicism
Flexor began to paint with Sorokskaya landscapes, to the 1920s, almost entirely focused on portretistike, first performed in a realistic manner. Over the years, portrait work appear more pronounced expressionist features. The first solo exhibition of works by Flexor held 22 April 1927 in Brussels in the gallery Campagne Premiere, followed by a part in group exhibitions in Paris, during the 1930s, he regularly exhibited at the Salon des Surindépendants. In 1933 his wife died in Flexor's childbirth Tatiana Yablokov. This tragedy led to a creative and existential crisis: in the same year Flexor adopted Roman Catholicism and some time to painting. When he began to paint again, his works have appeared distinctly religious motives. The relationship of the artist with his family at this time dramatically cooled and financial situation deteriorated. In 1939 he married again with Magda Mezhicher, and in the same year his first son was born and he restored relations with the family. In the next year his father bought for him a house in Normandy, where, after a brief participation in the French Resistance movement, the artist has retired with his family and spent the entire World War II years.
Brazilian period
After the war Flexor did not remain in France. In 1946 he first visited Brazil, and in the spring of 1948 he left France for good and settled in São Paulo. Since moving to Brazil realism completely disappeared from the works of the artist, and all his further work was abstract. In 1951 Flexor opened the first abstractionist studio in Brazil called Atelier-Abstração, where the exhibited works are united around him a group of Brazilian contemporary abstract painters Jacques Douchez, Norberto Nicola, Leopoldo Raimo, Alberto Teixeira, Wega Nery, p. 1912), Anésia Pacheco e Chaves, Charlotta Adlerová, Ernestina Karman, Iracema Arditi and Gisela Eichbaum. In 1961 Flexor opened the second abstractionist studio. The only exception to the whole abstractionist art in Brazil during the frescoes were made by him in 1948 for the church of Nossa Senhora de Fátima and in 1958-1960 for the Church of Nossa Senhora do Perpétuo Socorro in São Paulo. In the last years of his life and during the 1970s the work of Samson Flexor regularly exhibited in Brazil in recent years has increased interest in his work and abroad. A comprehensive exhibition of one hundred paintings by the artist to the centennial of his birth, "One Hundred Years / one hundred works" ( 100 de ani/100 de opere ) was held from 11 to 28 September 2007 at his home in the National Art Museum of Moldova in Chișinău, where in October moved in Bucharest and beyond - repeating the career of the artist - in Brussels, London, Paris, Rio de Janeiro and other cities in Brazil - Belo Horizonte, Salvador, Poços de Caldas and São Paulo.
References
External links
Paris: Galerie Roux-Hentschel, 1948
São Paulo : MAM-SP, 1952
Museu de Arte de Belo Horizonte, 1960
Museu de Arte Moderna - Rio de Janeiro, 1961
Clubo de Arte de Santos, 1966
São Paulo: MAC-USP, 1991
São Paulo: Galeria de Arte do SESI, 2003
http://www.soroki.com/photo2/main.php?g2_itemId=18704, Muzeul Naţional de Artă al Moldovei, 2007
About a traveling exhibition on the centenary of the artist and his children
Macvirtual.usp.br
Brazilian Roman Catholics
Brazilian Jews
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Judaism
1907 births
1971 deaths
Brazilian people of French descent
Brazilian people of Russian-Jewish descent
People from Soroca
Gol Mokharan (, also Romanized as Gol Mokhārān and Golmokhrān; also known as Kalamkhvārān) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
2002 S.League was the seventh season of Singapore's professional football league. It was won by Singapore Armed Forces, which was their fourth league title.
League table
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 4 foreign players.
Top goalscorers
Source:
References
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
Muniovita Kasiringua (born 1 September 1987) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in the South African Currie Cup competition. His regular position is lock.
Rugby career
Kasiringua was born in Otjiwarongo. He made his test debut for in 2012 against . He also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions since 2015.
References
External links
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1987 births
People from Otjiwarongo
Rugby union locks
Namibia international rugby union players
Vera Ada Summers (born 1899) was an Australian high school teacher and principal.
Biography
Summers attended Perth College followed by the University of Western Australia, where she completed a bachelor of arts degree. She was a member of the staff of Presbyterian Ladies' College, Perth from January 1920 to December 1961, a period of 42 years. She began her career at the college as a teacher, and in 1931 she took the position of deputy principal, followed by principal in January 1934.
In 1928 she received a scholarship and completed a doctoral degree in French at the University of Paris. In 1962 Summers was appointed an officer of the Order of the British Empire.
Summers published two autobiographical books, The light of other days (1977) and Personalities and places (1978).
References
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
1899 births
Year of death missing
University of Western Australia alumni
University of Paris alumni
The black-backed thrush or New Britain thrush (Zoothera talaseae) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea where it occurs on the islands of New Britain, Umboi and Bougainville. Its natural habitats are temperate, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Some authorities considered one of the two subspecies recognised, the Bougainville thrush (Z. t. atrigena), as a separate species as Zoothera atrigena.
References
Birds described in 1926
Birds of Bougainville Island
Birds of New Britain
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Bougainville thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sphere Fluidics is a Cambridge(UK)-based Life Sciences R&D company that specializes in biopharmaceutical discovery and development, cell therapy engineering, bioproduction and synthetic biology, analysis and isolation. The company is reported to own 25 patented products that include instruments, biochips, and specialist chemicals.
Overview
Sphere Fluidics was originally established in 2010, by two chemistry professors of Cambridge University, namely, Professor Chris Abell and Professor Wilhelm Huck, Dr. Frank F. Craig, an entrepreneur, and Dr. Maher Khaled, a Cambridge University Enterprise executive, as founders.
Funding
November 2021: Sphere Fluidics raised $40M led by Paris-based Sofinnova Partners and San Francisco-based Redmile Group.
The total funds raised by Sphere Fluidics as of 2021, is reported to be, £46.7 million through various funding rounds, loans and grants.
Cyto-Mine Technology
Cyto-Mine is a patented single cell analysis and characterisation system by Sphere Fluidics. This technology is said to aid the development of biotherapeutics for treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases and vaccine generation. Cyto-Mine is said to be an integrated device which can automatically perform single cell analysis, sorting, imaging and dispensing into individual wells of microtiter plates in a single compact system.
Developments and Partnerships
In 2019, Sphere Fluidics in partnership with Peak Analysis and Automation (PAA) introduced Integrated Microplate Handling and Single Cell Analysis Capabilities. The addition of S-LAB to the Cyto-Mine provides researchers with a further streamlined solution for single cell analysis in biopharmaceutical workflows.
On 10 November 2021, Sphere Fluidics in partnership with ClexBio gave away 10 CYTRIX microfluidic hydrogel kits containing the novel CYTRIX hydrogel, Pico-Surf™ surfactant and Sphere Fluidics' Pico-Gen™ double aqueous biochip, giving a plug-and-play system for microfluidic single-cell hydrogel encapsulation, marking the celebration of World Science Day for Peace and Development.
Awards
2013 : ACES Life Science Award
2015: UK's top 50 disruptive SMEs by Real Business
2017: European Product Innovation Award
2020: Queen's Award for Enterprise for Innovation
References
Biopharmaceutical companies
Companies based in Cambridge
Hau or HAU may refer to:
People and characters
Hau (mythology), a Polynesian wind god
Hau (surname)
Hau Latukefu (AKA Hau, born 1976), Australian hip hop musician and radio host
Hau, a character in Pokémon Sun and Moon
Places
Hậu River, Vietnamese name for the Bassac River
Haugesund Airport, Karmøy, in Norway
Holy Angel University, in Angeles City, Philippines
Hunan Agricultural University, in Changsha, Hunan, China
Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University, in India
Other uses
Hau (sociology)
HAU: Journal of Ethnographic Theory
Hausa language according to ISO 639-2
Hebrew Actors' Union, United States
Hibiscus tiliaceus (Hawaiian: ), a tree
Hau, a superunit of the Tongan paʻanga currency
Haemagglutinating unit (hau), a measure of Phytohaemagglutinin
See also
Hao (disambiguation)
How (disambiguation)
Howe (disambiguation)
Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre is a Canadian hospital in Moncton, New Brunswick.
Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre operates as a tertiary care referral hospital and specializes in oncology and trauma care services.
Operated by Vitalité Health Network, the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre traces its history to 1922 with the establishment of the Hôtel-Dieu de l'Assomption by the Sisters of Providence. The hospital was purchased by the Government of New Brunswick in 1967 and renamed Dr. Georges-L. Dumont Regional Hospital in honour of Acadian doctor and late Minister of Health Georges Dumont. The facility was also designated the primary Francophone referral hospital in the province. In 1975 the present facility at 330 University Avenue was opened with a capacity at that time of 273 beds; subsequent expansions have resulted in the present capacity of over 400 beds
In 1992 Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre became a teaching hospital for the Faculté de médecine at Université de Sherbrooke in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
History
1922 - At the request of Monsignor Henri Cormier, parish priest for the francophone community in Moncton, Sister Angèle-de-Brescia and three other nuns from the Montreal convent Sisters of Providence (Soeurs de la Providence) establish a 17-bed hospital called the Hôtel-Dieu de l'Assomption at 54-56 Church Street.
1928 - Official opening of the new Hôtel-Dieu on Providence Street with a capacity of 125 beds.
1930 - Foundation of the first medical board for the Hôtel-Dieu with Dr. Louis Napoléon Bourque as president. The first class graduates from the School of Nursing.
1952 - Creation of the first Advisory Committee for the Hôtel-Dieu with Mr. Calixte Savoie as president
1956 - The new wing of the Hôtel-Dieu is unveiled, bringing the hospital's capacity to 188 beds.
1967 - Purchase of the Hôtel-Dieu by the Province of New Brunswick. The Sisters of Providence (Soeurs de la Providence) leave after 45 years of service. The hospital is renamed the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital, in memory of a great Acadian doctor and Health Minister who died in 1966.
1974 - The Volunteer Association is founded in November with Ms. Rolande Basque as president.
1975 - Inauguration of the new Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital with a capacity of 273 beds. The Hôtel-Dieu Pavilion is home to many medical and support services.
1977 - Confirmation of the role of the Dr. Georges-L. Dumont Regional Hospital as a regional hospital and referral centre for francophones throughout New Brunswick.
1981 - Establishment of a medical education department for students in training periods, interns and residents in medicine.
1989 - First annual campaign for the Tree of Hope.
1991 - Inauguration of a new wing, which brings the capacity of the hospital to 423 beds.
1992 - Creation of the Beauséjour Hospital Corporation to run the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital, the Stella-Maris-de-Kent Hospital and the Shediac Regional Medical Centre. The Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital is designated as a teaching hospital, affiliated with the Faculty of Medicine of the Université de Sherbrooke.
1993 - The Dr. Léon-Richard Oncology Centre for cancer treatment opens.
1997 - The Providence School of Nursing (École d'enseignement informer Providence) closes after 70 years of existence and 1,331 graduates. 75th anniversary of the hospital' s foundation and publication of a commemorative book by Claude Bourque entitled Rêves de visionnaires.
1998 - Following an agreement between the Beauséjour Hospital Corporation, the Université de Moncton and the New Brunswick Community College, Campbellton campus, a new Bachelor of Science degree in radiology is created, the first French-language program of its kind in Canada.
1999 - The hospital is designated as the principal hospital for the VIIIth Francophone Summit (Sommet de la Francophonie).
2002 - The government of N.-B. replaces hospital corporations by regional health authorities. The Beauséjour Hospital Corporation is thus replaced by the Beauséjour Regional Health Authority.
2008 - Effective September 1, the province's eight regional health authorities are amalgamated into two new health authorities, namely the Vitalité Health Network (of which the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont becomes a member, with the Head Office in Bathurst) and the Horizon Health Network.
2010 - Aldéa Landry, Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Vitalité Health Network announces during a public meeting that the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital has been officially designated as a university hospital centre (UHC) by the provincial government.
2011 - As of January 21, the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Regional Hospital is called the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre. The University Hospital Centre is the flagship facility of Vitalité Health Network. The new name affirms the importance of the hospital within the Network, and its role in providing professional and academic health training in French in New Brunswick.
2016 - On November 18, construction begins on the New Brunswick Centre for Precision Medicine to open in 2018.
2017 - On June 30, the hospital administrator says the hospital is chronically over-crowded, with occupancy at 120 percent of capacity, and announces it would henceforth be reviewing new admissions from outside the Moncton area; this announcement is since rescinded. It further announces it "cannot continue its regular activities and its mandate as a reference and teaching hospital."
See also
List of hospitals in New Brunswick
References
Hospitals in New Brunswick
Hospital buildings completed in 1975
Teaching hospitals in Canada
Hospitals established in 1922
Buildings and structures in Moncton
1922 establishments in New Brunswick
