Charles Fellows was a British archaeologist.
Charles Fellow(e)s may also refer to:
Charlie Fellows (rugby union) (born 1988), English rugby union player
Charles Fellowes (1823–1886), Royal Navy officer
Jin-soo is a Korean unisex given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 48 hanja with the reading "jin" and 67 hanja with the reading "soo" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Jin Soo Kim (born 1950), South Korean-born American female multimedia artist
Cho Jin-soo (born 1983), South Korean male football forward
Park Jin-soo (born 1987), South Korean male football midfielder
Choi Jin-soo (born 1989), South Korean male basketball player
Choi Jin-soo (footballer) (born 1990), South Korean male football midfielder
Kim Jin-su (born 1992), South Korean male football left back
Byun Jin-soo (born 1993), South Korean male baseball pitcher
Fictional characters with this name include:
Lee Jin-su, male character in 2002 South Korean film Over the Rainbow
Jin-Soo Kwon, male character in 2004–2010 American television series Lost
Jin-su, female character in 2007 South Korean film Le Grand Chef
Kim Jin-soo, female character in 2008 South Korean television series Gourmet
Lee Jin-soo, male character in 2010 South Korean television series Coffee House
Jung Jin-soo, male character in 2013 South Korean film The Berlin File
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean unisex given names
Scenic design (also known as scenography, stage design, or set design) is the creation of theatrical, as well as film or television scenery. Scenic designers come from a variety of artistic backgrounds, but in recent years, are mostly trained professionals, holding B.F.A. or M.F.A. degrees in theatre arts. Scenic designers create sets and scenery that aim to support the overall artistic goals of the production. There has been some consideration that scenic design is also production design; however it is generally considered to be a part of the visual production of a film or television.
Scenic designer
The scenic designer works with the director and other designers to establish an overall visual concept for the production and design the stage environment. They are responsible for developing a complete set of design drawings that include the following:
basic ground plan showing all stationary and scenic elements;
composite ground plan showing all moving scenic elements, indicating both their onstage and storage positions;
section of the stage space incorporating all elements;
front elevations of every scenic element, and additional elevations or sections of units as required.
All of these required drawing elements can be easily created from one accurate 3-D CAD model of the set design."
In the process of planning, scenic designers often make models, ranging from very basic to extremely complex models. Models are often made before the final drawings that are delivered to the scene shop for construction.
The starting point for a scenic designer is often the question: "How do we generate creative ideas?" A designer will search for evidence through research to produce conceptual ideas that best support the content and values of the design with visual elements.
It has been argued that the most consuming part of expanding our horizons towards scenic concepts is much more than witnessing creativity and creative people - it begins with us opening our mind to various possibilities. It has been argued that to have an attitude toward learning, seeking, and engaging in creativity, and by willing to be adventurous, inquisitive and curious, the process of scenic design will be greatly benefitted.
The imagination is highly visual. Whether outside or inside, colorful trees or concerts, star lit skies or the architecture of a great building, scenic design is a process of discovery. Discovering what will best clarify and support the setting, environment, atmosphere, ambience, & world that is being created.
Responsibility
The scenic designer is responsible for collaborating with the theatre director and other members of the creative team to create an environment for the production. Scenic designers are responsible for creating scale models of the scenery, renderings, paint elevations and scale construction drawings as part of their communication with other production staff. Communicating the details of the scenic environment to the technical director, production manager, charge scenic artist and prop master are among the most important duties of a scenic designer.
Training
In Europe and Australia, scenic designers take a more holistic approach to theatrical design and will often be responsible not only for scenic design but costume, lighting and sound and are referred to as theatre designers or scenographers or production designers.
Notable set designers
Notable scenic designers, past and present, include: Adolphe Appia, Boris Aronson, Alexandre Benois, Alison Chitty, Antony McDonald, Barry Kay, Caspar Neher, Cyro Del Nero, Aleksandra Ekster, David Gallo, Edward Gordon Craig, Es Devlin, Ezio Frigerio, Christopher Gibbs, Franco Zeffirelli, George Tsypin, Howard Bay, Inigo Jones, Jean-Pierre Ponnelle, Jo Mielziner, John Lee Beatty, Josef Svoboda, Ken Adam, Léon Bakst, Luciano Damiani, Maria Björnson, Ming Cho Lee, Natalia Goncharova, Nathan Altman, Nicholas Georgiadis, Oliver Smith, Ralph Koltai, Emanuele Luzzati, Neil Patel, Robert Wilson, Russell Patterson, Brian Sidney Bembridge, Santo Loquasto, Sean Kenny, Todd Rosenthal, Robin Wagner, Tony Walton, Louis Daguerre, Ralph Funicello, and Roger Kirk.
See also
Film sculptor
Scenic painting
Scenographer
Scenography
Set construction
Stage machinery
Theatrical scenery
References
Further reading
Making the Scene: A History of Stage Design and Technology in Europe and the United States by Oscar G. Brockett, Margaret Mitchell, and Linda Hardberger (Tobin Theatre Arts Fund, distributed by University of Texas Press; 2010) 365 pages; traces the history of scene design since the ancient Greeks.
Designing and Painting for the Theater by Lynn Pecktal. (McGraw-Hill, 1995 - Performing Arts - 601 pages) Detailing production design for theater, opera, and ballet, Designing and Drawing for the Theater is a foundational text that provides a professional picture and encyclopedic reference of the design process. Well illustrated with detailed lined drawings and photographs, the book conveys the beauty and craft of scenic and production design.
External links
Prague Quadrennial of Performance Design and Space - the largest scenography event in the world - presenting contemporary work in a variety of performance design disciplines and genres - costume, stage, light, sound design, and theatre architecture for dance, opera, drama, site specific, multi-media performances, and performance art, etc., Prague, CZ
What is Scenography Article illustrating the differences between US and European theatre design practices.
Design
Theatrical occupations
Stagecraft
Film production
The Abbey was a wooden brigantine that was wrecked at Crowdy Head, New South Wales in 1868.
Career
The Abbey was built at Newcastle, Ireland, in 1854. During the period 1858–1866, she was engaged mainly in the trade between Circular Head, Tasmania, and Hobsons Bay, Melbourne, carrying a cargo of general produce and items such as candles and soap. The ship's captain, James Crocket, made this journey at least five times between 5 July 1859 and the 7 May 1862.
Towards the end of Captain James Crocket's tenure, the Abbey was being used in runs between Brisbane and ports such as Newcastle, New South Wales, the Clarence River and Port Frederick.
On 27 June 1866, the Abbey was rammed by a cutter while at rest in the Brisbane River. A few months later, on 6 September, she was sold at a public auction in Melbourne, having had a "thorough overhaul".
In October 1866 the vessel sailed to Dunedin, New Zealand, under the command of T. W. Harrison. In 1867 the vessel made runs from Newcastle to Melbourne stopping on the return voyages at Sydney.
Shipwreck event
On 14 February 1868, the Abbey left Sydney for Newcastle. The following day, she ran aground three miles north of Crowdy Head, in a gale which claimed several other ships. She was insured for £800. The wreck was then sold by Messrs Bradley, Newton, and Lamb for the sum of £35.
References
External links
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
1853 ships
Maritime incidents in February 1868
1851–1870 ships of Australia
Brigantines of Australia
Coastal trading vessels of Australia
Ships built in Northern Ireland
Rudbar Dasht (, also Romanized as Rūdbār Dasht) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 650, in 157 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Prell is a viscous, pearl-green shampoo and conditioner product manufactured by Scott's Liquid Gold-Inc through their Neoteric Cosmetics subsidiary.
History
Prell was introduced by Procter & Gamble in 1947. The original formula was a clear green concentrate packaged in a tube. In 1955 Prell was marketed for women "who want their hair to have that radiantly alive look". A woman held the Prell bottle with her hands on both sides, directly in front of her face.
Prell and Head & Shoulders, also made by Procter & Gamble, were the two best-selling shampoos in the United States in June 1977. Procter & Gamble had the highest advertising budget in the shampoo industry. The firm of Wells, Rich, Greene carried out advertising for Prell. Prior to December 1, 1973, Prell billings were coordinated by Benton & Bowles. In advertisements the quasi-liquid Prell would induce a pearl to sink slowly to the bottom of a container.
Procter & Gamble sold the brand to Prestige Brands International in November 1999. Prestige then sold Prell, along with its other two shampoo brands, Denorex and Zincon, to Ultimark Products in October 2009 in order to focus more on their two larger segments: over-the-counter healthcare and household cleaning products. In July 2016, Scott's Liquid Gold-Inc. acquired Prell, along with the Denorex and Zincon brands, from Ultimark products.
Other variations
Prell launched an additional version in the late 1990s called Prell Thickening Formula. Instead of being green, this product was colorless and boasted volumizing abilities. It was pulled from the market in 2009, after Prestige Brands sold Prell, along with anti-dandruff shampoo Denorex, to Ultimark.
References
Products introduced in 1947
Personal care brands
Former Procter & Gamble brands
Shampoo brands
Mariana Ohata (born October 26, 1978) is an athlete from Brazil, who competes in triathlon.
A former member of the Brazilian National Swim Team, Ohata competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She was one of two Brazilian athletes, along with Carla Moreno, to not finish the competition.
She competed again at the 2004 Summer Olympics four years later. This time, she finished with a time of 2:16:52.97 in thirty-seventh place.
Doping bans
In 2002, Ohata was banned from competition for 60 weeks by the Brazilian Triathlon Confederation. In June 2009, Ohata tested positive for furosemide, a result confirmed by the "B" sample. In October 2009, Ohata was banned from competition for six years, the minimum penalty for a second doping offence under ITU rules. As a result of the ban, she was unable to compete in her "home" Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
References
External links
Profile
1978 births
Living people
Doping cases in triathlon
Brazilian female triathletes
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
Sportspeople from Brasília
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Brazilian sportspeople in doping cases
Pan American Games competitors for Brazil
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
Entente Sportive Cannet Rocheville Football is a football club based in Le Cannet, France. The club plays its home games at the Stade Maillan and competes in the Championnat National 3, the fifth tier of French football, as of the 2021–22 season. White and green are the club's colours.
History
The club was founded in 1968 following a merger of Sporting Club du Cannet and Association Sportive Rochevilloise.
Cannet Rocheville's first appearance in the Coupe de France proper came in the 2021–22 edition of the competition. The club won against Istres and Bastia-Borgo in the seventh and eighth rounds before being drawn against Ligue 1 giants Marseille in the round of 64. ESCR's sporting director and assistant coach Christian Lopez reacted to the draw by saying that it was "fantastic" for the club. The match, held at the Stade Vélodrome, ended in a 4–1 victory for Marseille.
Honours
References
Sport in Alpes-Maritimes
Association football clubs established in 1968
1968 establishments in France
Football clubs in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
The Asterisk (; Slavonic: Звездица, Zvezdítsa), or Star-cover (from the Greek αστήρ, astêr, meaning star), is one of the holy vessels used in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches. The asterisk symbolizes the Star of Bethlehem. Historically, it was also used in some parts of the Roman Catholic Church.
Form
An asterisk is a small, folding metal covering which keeps the veil and Aër (larger veil) from disturbing the particles of bread on the diskos (paten).
The asterisk is made of two strips of metal laid one on top of the other and joined in the center by a brad or screw. When the two pieces are turned perpendicular to each other it forms a cross.
The ends of the metal pieces are bent down so that it makes a standing frame. Sometimes, in Greek Catholic usage, a small star will be suspended from the asterisk where the two strips of metal are joined. Among Orthodox, however, the asterisk itself is considered to be the star, so no addition to it is deemed necessary.
As the asterisk is one of the sacred vessels, it is usually kept on the Prothesis (Table of Oblation), where the bread and wine are prepared for the Eucharist, and no one except the priest or deacon should touch it. Often when a chalice and diskos are made, an Asterisk, and a liturgical spoon, and spear will be made to match them.
Use
During the Liturgy of Preparation, after the priest has prepared the bread and the wine, he will cense the asterisk by holding it over the open censer. He then places it on the diskos as he says the words, And a star came and stood over the place where the young child was (Cf. ).
During a Hierarchical Liturgy (i.e., one at which a bishop presides), just before the Great Entrance, the veils and asterisk will be removed and the bishop will make commemorations for the living and the dead, after which he will replace the asterisk and veils.
After the Sursum Corda, the deacon will lift the asterisk up from the diskos, and strike the diskos with it on four sides, making the sign of the cross, while the priest raises his hands and says, "Singing the triumphant song, shouting, crying aloud, and saying:" at which the choir begins the Sanctus. The deacon kisses the asterisk, folds it, and lays it aside on the Antimension, as the priest begins the Prayer of the Anaphora.
After the Communion of the Faithful, the veils, spear, spoon, and asterisk are placed on the diskos. The priest hands them to the deacon, who carries them back to the Prothesis.
Coptic Use
In the Coptic Orthodox and Coptic Catholic Churches, the asterisk "consists of two silver arched bands, held by a screw, crossed over each other into the shape of a cross, usually surmounted by a small cross". In Arabic it is referred to as the Dome and is believed to represent both Christ's tomb and the cave in which he was born. Either the asterisk itself or the cross above it also symbolises the Star of Bethlehem. For this reason, the whole item is sometimes simply called the Star.
Roman Rite Use
In the Roman Rite, a special twelve-ray asterisk was used in Papal Masses, as a covering for the host on the paten, when it was brought to the Pope at his throne for his Communion. Unlike the Eastern asterisk, which has four rays, the Papal asterisk had twelve rays, each inscribed with the name of an Apostle. Its use has been recently revived by Pope Benedict XVI.
References
External links
Liturgy of Preparation The Asterisk is in the foreground, resting on a red Aër
Deacon striking the Diskos with the Asterisk
Catholic liturgy
Eucharistic objects
Eastern Christian liturgical objects
Coptic Orthodox Church
Marávia District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique. Its administrative center is the town of Fingoé. The district is located in the northwest of the province, and borders with Zambia in the north, Chifunde District in the east, Chiuta District in the southeast, Cahora-Bassa District in the south, Magoé District in the southwest, and with Zumbo District in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 82,789 as of 2007.
Geography
The Zambezi makes the border of the district with Magoé and Cahora-Bassa Districts. All major rivers in the district belong to the drainage basin of the Zambezi. They include the Capoche River, the Unkanha River, the Luatize River, the Duanga River, and the Mucumbudzi River.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is tropical wet and dry (Cw), with the average annual rainfall of .
Demographics
As of 2005, 50% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 9% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cinyungwe. 88% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into four postos, Chiputo (three localities), Fingoé (three localities), Molowera (three localities), and Chipera (four localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 13,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long and includes a stretch of the national road EN221.
References
Districts in Tete Province
Johan van Heesch is a Belgian numismatist specialising in the coinage and monetary history of the Roman empire. He is the Keeper of Coins and Medals at the Royal Library of Belgium, and teaches numismatics at the universities of Leuven and Louvain-la-Neuve.
Career
Van Heesch (born Antwerp, 9 March 1955) has a MA in History from Ghent University, and a PhD in Archaeology from the University of Leuven (KU Leuven). In addition to teaching history, he has also pursued a career in museums, working at the Gallo-Roman Museum, Tongeren (Belgium), the Royal Museums of Art and History (Brussels) and the Brussels Coin Cabinet of the Royal Library of Belgium. He was the President of the Royal Numismatic Society of Belgium and is a director of the Revue belge de Numismatique and an editor of In Monte Artium, the journal of the Royal Library of Belgium.
Awards
2018 awarded the Medal of the Royal Numismatic Society.
2016 awarded the Jeton de Vermeil of the Société française de numismatique.
Selected publications
(with Inge Heeren) Coinage in the Iron Age : essays in honour of Simone Scheers, Spink, London, 2010.
Studies in Roman Coinage, București Editura Academiei Române Brăila Muzeul Băilei "Carol I" Brăila Editura Istros 2016
"Quantifying Roman Imperial Coinage", in: F. de Callataÿ (ed.), Quantifying Monetary Supplies in Greco-Roman Times (Pragmateiai, 19), Bari, 2011, p. 311- 328.
"Providing Markets with Small Change in the Early Roman Empire: Italy and Gaul", in Revue belge de Numismatique, 155, 2009, p. 125−142.
"Les Romains et la monnaie gauloise: laisser−faire, laisser−aller ?" in: J. Metzler & D. Wigg−Wolf, Die Kelten und Rom: Neue numismatische Forschungen (Studien zu Fundmünzen der Antike, 19), Mainz am Rhein, 2005, p. 229-245.
De muntcirculatie tijdens de Romeinse tijd in het Noordwesten van Gallia Belgica (ca. 50 v.C.−450 n.C.): de civitates van de Nerviërs en de Menapiërs (Monografie van Nationale Archeologie 11), Brussels, 1998 [1999], 352 p.
"The last civic coinages and the religious policy of Maximinus Daza, A.D. 312", in Numismatic Chronicle, 153 (1993), p. 65−76.
References
External links
Johan van Heesch on worldcat
Johan van Heesch on academia.edu
Johan van Heesch on researchgate
For Johan van Heesch on the site of the société royale de numismatique de Belgique, see www.numisbel.be
Belgian numismatists
Living people
Old University of Leuven alumni
Ghent University alumni
Old University of Leuven faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2019 FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup was the fifth edition of the 3x3 Europe Championships that is organized by FIBA Europe. It was held between 30 August and 1 September at the Kossuth Square in Debrecen, Hungary. The event was held on Kossuth Square in front of the iconic Reformed Great Church.
This 3x3 basketball event featured separate competitions for men's and women's national teams, with Serbia winning the men's bracket and France winning the women's bracket.
References
External links
Official website
2019
2019 in 3x3 basketball
2018–19 in Hungarian basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Hungary
Sport in Debrecen
FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup
FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup
Pablo Yagüe Estebaranz ( – 19 May 1943) was a Spanish trade union leader and communist politician. During the Spanish Civil War (1936–39) he was briefly in charge of Supplies for the Madrid Defense Council, before being shot and badly wounded at an Anarchist roadblock. After the war he lived in hiding in Spain for some time, then was arrested, tried and executed.
Early years
Pablo Yagüe Estebaranz was born in Condado de Castilnovo in 1909 or 1910.
He moved to Madrid in search of work and found employment delivering bread.
In 1925 he joined the Bakery union affiliated with the Unión General de Trabajadores (UGT, General Union of Workers), in which he reached managerial positions between 1933 and 1935.
In 1930 he joined the Communist Party of Spain (Partido Comunista de España, PCE) along with other union leaders such as Isidoro Diéguez and Luis Cabo Giorla.
He was arrested several times: in 1931 (accused of trying to poison the water supply of Madrid) and in 1933 and 1935 (for belonging to the Madrid Provincial Committee of the PCE).
In early 1936 he was the secretary of this committee.
Civil war
In November 1936, the government evacuated to Valencia.
The Political Bureau of the PCE remained in Madrid, unlike the leaders of the other parties.
Pedro Checa and Antonio Mije negotiated with General José Miaja for participation of the Communists in Madrid Defense Council (Junta de Defensa de Madrid).
The communists were given three ministries, War, Supplies and Public Order, which were to be led by Antonio Mije, Pablo Yagüe and Santiago Carrillo, respectively.
Yagüe represented the UGT and Carrillo the Unified Socialist Youth.
His first action was to impose controls that limited shoppers to buying food at one store.
If supplies there were exhausted they could try other stores in the same district.
As the siege took effect, he had to deal with upward pressure on prices.
The Defense Council was restructured and renamed the Junta Delegada de Defensa de Madrid, or the Delegate Defense Council of Madrid, to comply with an order of 25 November 1936 by President Francisco Largo Caballero. This was to affirm that the council was subordinate to the government.
On 2 December 1936 the Defense Council reconvened with Miaja as chairman. Isidoro Diéguez was now Militias delegate, Yagüe retained Supplies and Carrillo retained Public Order.
On 23 December 1936 Yagüe was stopped at three in the afternoon at a roadblock while traveling out of Madrid on official business.
The block was run by anarchists guarding the Libertarian Atheneum.
They were preventing passage of those who did not carry a pass validated by the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT).
According to the anarchists, Yagüe refused to stay at the roadblock after the guards decided he did not have proper documentation. When the car drove on, the guards fired at it and Yagüe was seriously injured by a bullet in the back.
The Communists said it was a premeditated attack, caused by the hostility of the anarchists, who had interfered in the distribution of food in collectivized establishments.
The incident led to fighting and retaliatory actions in Madrid between communists and anarcho-syndicalists that took the life of several militants on both sides.
Those involved, who were arrested after the incident by forces of Santiago Carrillo's Delegation of Public Order, were eventually acquitted by a people's court.
Due to the severity of his wounds, Yagüe was relieved as a member of the Council and replaced by Luis Nieto de la Fuente, his deputy.
The Madrid Defense Council was dissolved on 23 April 1937.
In May 1937 Yagüe was discharged and went on to serve in the Bakers union.
In March 1939 Segismundo Casado launched an anti-communist uprising in Madrid supported by the militant anarchist Cipriano Mera.
After Casado succeeded, Yagüe was arrested and interned in Porlier prison.
Last years
Yagüe was in Porlier prison when Madrid fell into the hands of General Francisco Franco's troops, resulting in the end of the civil war.
However, he was released on 23 September 1941 without being brought to trial.
He hid in the house of Alicia Martinez, whom he had known during the civil war and with whom he had a relationship, without getting involved in rebuilding the clandestine structure of the party.
However, he was arrested again, along with his girlfriend and her parents. He was admitted again to the Porlier prison.
He and fourteen other people were tried in April 1943.
They were accused of having tried to reorganize Communist Party groups and cells, of sabotage and attacks, and of various war crimes.
Yagüe, with eleven of the accused, was sentenced to death and shot by firing squad on 19 May 1943 against the walls of the Cementerio de la Almudena.
Notes
Sources
1900s births
1943 deaths
Spanish communists
People executed by Spain by firing squad
People executed by Francoist Spain
Emma was an abbess of Shaftesbury Abbey at the beginning of the 12th century. It is not certain, but it is possible that she was the successor of Eulalia after her death in 1106. A charter of King Henry I of England in 1121-1122 mentions her.
The abbey owned a large quantity of land, which was leased to tenants in order to provide income to the abbey. The charter from the king related to a number of lawsuits that Emma conducted against various tenants of the abbey's lands who had appropriated the land for themselves; the charter given by the king affirmed the abbey's ownership of the lands in question.
References
Studies in the Early History of Shaftesbury Abbey, Dorset County Council, 1999
Abbesses of Shaftesbury
12th-century English people
12th-century English women
The Caretakers of Deception were an American garage rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1966. Very little is known about the group itself, but their lone single "Cuttin' Grass" which was first noticed on the Psychedelic Disaster Whirl compilation album, is heralded as a classic of the 1960s garage rock era.
The Caretakers of Deception were formed by Thomas Charles Jones, a Los Angeles songwriter, when he was 17 years old. Nothing is known regarding the identities of the group's members themselves but Jones was the band's leader and primary songwriter. On his behalf, the band performed at local clubs that were a part of the city's psychedelic music scene such as the Seawitch and Brave New World. In 1967, Jones was approached by talent agent Larry Miller to record the Caretakers of Deception at a home studio in Topanga Hills. The group completed and released two Jones originals (who is credited as T. Jones on the single) "Cuttin' Grass" and "X + Y = 13" on Sanctus Records; the Caretakers of Deception disbanded soon after.
Although the "Cuttin' Grass" single did not create much interest outside Los Angeles, it received more attention when it was reissued on the Psychedelic Disaster Whirl compilation album in 1986. As "Cuttin' Grass" experienced a revival of interest, it has been acknowledged as a classic. In the UK, critic Dave Furgess, writing for the Head Heritage website, described the record as "one of the top 10 greatest USA 60's garage records of all time, right up there with classics by The Dovers, The Squires, Third Bardo, Human Expression and Calico Wall".
References
Garage rock groups from California
Musical groups established in 1966
Musical groups disestablished in 1967
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Ochi was born in Ageo on July 17, 1982. He joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka from Yokohama F. Marinos youth team in 2001. He debuted in August and played several matches as left side back in 2001 season. However Cerezo finished at the bottom place and was relegated to J2 League. In 2002, he could not play at all in the match. In 2003, he moved to J2 club Montedio Yamagata. However he played only 2 matches in 2003 and could not play at all in the match in 2004. He retired end of 2004 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Cerezo Osaka players
Montedio Yamagata players
People from Ageo, Saitama
Association football defenders
"Amantes de una Noche" is a song by Dominican singer Natti Natasha and Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny, released by Pina Records on 12 January 2018.
Background
"Amantes de una Noche" was written by the two singers, Alexis Guzmán, DJ Luian, Jean Carlos Pacheco, Mambo Kingz, and its producers Daddy Yankee, MikeyTone and Gaby Music. It is a midtempo reggaeton song.
Music video
The music video for "Amantes de una Noche" was directed by Venezuelan director Nuno Gómes and filmed in Miami. Gómes previously directed Natasha's music video for "Criminal". The singer revealed that she portrayed a character in the video because she personally does not identify with being comfortable with one-night stands. "It is a situation that occurs a lot in the world and I thought ... why not dedicate a topic to that?", she explained. Regarding the filming process, Natasha said, "I didn't take it as if I was recording a video, but as if I was at a real party."
The music video received over 52 million on YouTube in its first week of release, and has since surpassed over 390 million views on the platform. Marjua Estevez of Billboard called it a "sizzling video" and "a lesson from Natti on how to hook-and-catch Mr. Man". However, other reviewers were critical of Natasha's appearance. In Hoy, Tommy Calle wrote that she was used to adding visual appeal and "left little to the imagination". Sergio Burstein of The Baltimore Sun accused Natasha of appeasing to men and sexism through "the usual game of the industry" and "absolute lack of prejudice to constantly show herself in intimate clothing from the most daring in order to awaken desire by highlighting her obvious physical benefits."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Bad Bunny songs
Natti Natasha songs
Reggaeton songs
Songs written by Bad Bunny
Songs written by Daddy Yankee
Songs written by Rafael Pina
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Edgar Semper
Songs written by Xavier Semper
"Love Song" is the debut single by American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles, released in June 2007 via Epic Records from her major-label debut album, Little Voice (2007). It was nominated for 2009 Grammy Awards in the categories Song of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
"Love Song" spent 19 weeks in the top ten and an overall 41 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number four there. Similarly, it peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart and the Australian ARIA Charts. It also reached number one on the Canadian Hot 100, while topping the US Mainstream Top 40 airplay chart. It also spent many weeks atop the Hot Adult Pop Songs and Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts, ending up number one at the year-end tally of both charts.
Background
Speaking of the song's origin in an interview with MTV, Bareilles said of her label, "They had encouraged me to keep writing, and I just wasn't having any luck. [...] I started to get really insecure about it, and then I got really pissed off at myself for caring what anybody thought. [...] I went to a rehearsal space one day. I sat down and wrote something for me. And 'Love Song' basically wrote itself. It's totally honest, and I'm very lucky the label liked it as well."
Later in 2011, she explained: "It was actually written for my record label. I had been turning in new music. I was getting the red light. I couldn't go into the studio yet because they were waiting for something. But I wouldn't [...] nobody said what they were waiting for. So I kept turning in new songs, thinking like, 'Is this what you want? Is this what you want?' And it was always a big thumbs down, and I ended up writing 'Love Song' out of frustration." In 2014, she stated it was "very tongue-in-cheek" and "nasty in a passive-aggressive way," confirming it was a response to the record label pressuring her to make safe, "radio friendly" songs.
Chart performance
Featured initially as the free iTunes song of the week on June 16, 2007, the song was a sleeper hit, debuting a few months later at number 100 on the US Billboard Hot 100. After her appearance in a Rhapsody TV commercial, in which she performs "Love Song", it rocketed from number 72 to number 16 on the Hot 100 and from number 32 to number five on the Hot Digital Songs chart. In the first week of 2008, the song cracked the top 10 on the Hot 100, jumping to number nine, where it stayed for four non-consecutive weeks before reaching a peak of number four. In spite of not reaching the top three, "Love Song" managed to spend 19 weeks in the top 10, in contrast with other songs that reached higher peak but did not maintain such longevity. The single was certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA for over four million in sales. As of April 2014, the single had sold 3,717,000 digital copies in the United States. The song was listed at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 year-end chart of 2008. It also topped both the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks charts in 2008.
The song debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 30 and later peaked at number four. The song debuted at number 100 on the Canadian Hot 100 the week of January 31, 2008, and reached number one on the chart the week of March 29, 2008. In Australia, "Love Song" peaked at number four during its ninth week on the country's chart. In New Zealand, it reached number seven on the RIANZ Singles Chart.
Music video
Directed by Josh Forbes, the music video features a miniature Bareilles playing the piano inside a coin-operated jukebox that plays love songs. A steady stream of men and women enter the booth and insert coins to observing her through a pinhole as she plays the same song day after day. The lyrics express her growing frustration as she declares that she is "not gonna write you a love song today," whereupon Bareilles grabs the next coin that rolls inside, and uses it to jam the gears. The next morning, the owner of the booth (who was seen at the beginning of the video) enters; he notices that the jukebox has gone dark, and appears amazed when he discovers Bareilles inside the jukebox. He retrieves the jammed coin from the gears and hands it to Bareilles.
The music video features the album version of the song. The video also features British actor Adam Campbell as the owner of the booth.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
See also
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2008 (Canada)
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2008 (U.S.)
List of Billboard Adult Contemporary number ones of 2008
List of Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks number-one singles of 2008
References
2007 debut singles
2007 songs
Sara Bareilles songs
Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles
Songs written by Sara Bareilles
Song recordings produced by Eric Rosse
Epic Records singles
The 1978–79 SM-liiga season was the fourth season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Ässät - HIFK 3:0 (6:5 P, 5:3, 9:4)
Tappara - TPS 3:2 (5:1, 6:10, 7:3, 4:8, 7:5)
3rd place
TPS - HIFK 2:1 (2:1, 2:10, 3:2)
Final
Ässät - Tappara 2:3 (3:6, 3:4, 5:3, 3:2, 2:5)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1978–79 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Zofianka Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Dzwola, east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Zofianka Dolna
The Duchy of Merania was a fiefdom of the Holy Roman Empire from 1152 until 1248. The dukes of Merania were recognised as princes of the Empire enjoying imperial immediacy at a time when these concepts were just coming into use to distinguish the highest ranks of imperial nobility.
The name "Merania" ("sea-land") comes from either the High German word for sea, meer or the Slavic word for the same, morje (both cognate with Latin mare). The name literally means "land by the sea" (am Meer), referring to its location on the Adriatic.
Territory
The exact territorial extent of Merania is unknown. It probably included the town of Fiume (Rijeka) and the coast of the Kvarner Gulf, either on the Istrian peninsula or across from it. The author of the Historia de expeditione Friderici imperatoris, an account of Barbarossa's crusade of 1190, writing around 1200, refers to "the Duke of Dalmatia, also called Croatia or Merania", specifying (imprecisely) that the duchy neighboured Zahumlje and Raška. The actual duchy contained at most only a small part of the region of Dalmatia, which had historically belonged to Croatia. By the twelfth century, Croatia was in a personal union with Hungary.
This territory came under imperial control during the reign of Henry IV. According to the fourteenth-century Chronicon pictum Vindobonense (Viennese Illustrated Chronicle), the "march of Dalmatia" (marchia Dalmacie) was occupied by the Carinthians between 1064 and 1068 during the reign of Dmitar Zvonimir, who in fact was not king of Croatia until 1075. Despite this inconsistency in the chronicle, several modern historians, led by Ljudmil Hauptmann, have connected this Dalmatian borderland with the later duchy of Merania. According to the historians Miho Barada and Lujo Margetić, it was the accession of the young King Stephen II of Hungary in 1116 that provided an opportunity for the Emperor Henry V to annex the entire eastern coast of Istria and the coast opposite as far as the river Rječina, including the city of Fiume. This territory, conquered for the emperor by the lords of Duino (Devin), became known as Merania. It is not clear to what extent the Meranian dukes of the Dachau or Andechs lines ever managed to exert their control over the region.
There are other theories proposing a different etymology of "Merania". Erwin Herrmann argues that the name cannot have actually been in use as the name of a region, since it is unknown save as the name of the duchy that existed between 1152 and 1248. He argues that it is probably formed from the name of the seat of the lordship, which he identifies with the town of Marano Lagunare. The region he identifies as that between the rivers Tagliamento and Corno.
In older literature, Merania is sometimes mistakenly identified with Meran, a town in the Tyrol, because the Andechser dukes held land in the Tyrol. August Dimitz, while correcting the Tyrolean error, equates Merania with the march of Istria.
House of Dachau (1152–1180)
The duchy of Merania was created for the Wittelsbach Count Conrad II of Dachau by the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa during an Imperial Diet at Regensburg in June 1152 by separating some lordships from the marches of Carniola and Istria, which were under the jurisdiction of the Duchy of Bavaria. Merania thus bordered the Kingdom of Croatia, which belonged to Hungary. This was done despite the fact that the Diet had refused to approve Frederick's proposed invasion of Hungary. Rather than an attempt to circumvent the diet in his designs on Hungary, it can be seen as part of a more general policy, pre-dating Frederick's reign, of elevating noblemen of the rank of count to that of duke as a counterweight to the powerful hereditary dukes of the so-called stem duchies (like Bavaria). It was also part of a reorganisation of the southeastern frontier that included the creation of the Duchy of Austria in 1156.
The historian Wilhelm Wegener has proposed that Merania was created out of lands claimed by Conrad through his mother, Willibirg, daughter of Udalschalk, count of Lurngau, and Adelaide, daughter of Margrave Ulrich I of Carniola. He proposed that Willibirg was heir to Adelaide, who was heir to her brother Ulrich II (died 1112). Thus, the creation of Conrad's duchies was a partial vindication of his claims on Carniola and had a hereditary basis. This theory had not found wide acceptance, since several duchies were created in Germany in the twelfth century with no clearly hereditary basis.
These new ducal titles created in the twelfth century were often based on insignificant or diminished territories. Merania was small, with little in the way of rights or income for its holder. The ducal title that technically pertained only to the newly acquired territory was thus also often used in conjunction with the dynastic seat, and Conrad was thus sometimes known as the Duke of Dachau. Bishop Otto I of Freising, in his history of Barbarossa's reign, calls Conrad the Duke of Croatia and Dalmatia, an impressive if imprecise title that alluded to the origin of the lands in question as part of Croatia.
It has been argued that since neither Duke Conrad I nor his son, Conrad II, is ever recorded as having visited the region around the Istrian peninsula or the Kvarner Gulf, it is more likely that their title referred to unspecified lands around the southeastern frontier but not actually under imperial control. On this theory, Merania was at first a purely titular dignity for the Dachauers that only became a territorial reality under the Andechsers, who created it out of lands they held in the far southeast.
House of Andechs (1180–1248)
In 1180, Frederick Barbarossa transferred Merania to Berthold, the son of the count of Andechs. This was probably done in order to maintain a balance of power and rank between the House of Andechs and the House of Wittelsbach, which had received the Duchy of Bavaria earlier that year. Although some sources ascribe the transfer of Merania to Conrad's death and propose that Berthold was his heir through his mother, in fact Conrad II did not die until 1182. The transfer of 1180 was part of a reorganization of the southeastern frontier by the emperor.
Berthold inherited the marches of Istria and Carniola from his father in 1188. Although the Andechsers' primary lands lay elsewhere in the Empire, their southeastern connection involved them in its foreign affairs. When Barbarossa passed through the Balkans on his crusade in 1189, he negotiated the marriage of one of Berthold's daughters to Toljen, the eldest son of Prince Miroslav of Zahumlje, a younger brother of Grand Prince Stefan Nemanja of Serbia. Although Berthold consented, the marriage probably never took place. In any case, the duke of Merania was considered a near neighbour of the Serb princes. The Andechsers pushed the empire's southeastern frontier further south, acquiring Gottschee, Črnomelj and Metlika for Merania–Carniola at the expense of the kings of Hungary.
On Berthold's death in 1204 Merania went to his eldest son, Otto I, and Istria to a younger son, Henry. In the 1240s, the duke of Merania, Otto II, who had numerous possessions throughout southern Germany, was involved in a dispute with the duke of Bavaria that turned into open warfare. In 1248, the duchy fell vacant with the extinction of the Andechs-Meranier and was broken up, mostly going to Istria.
List of dukes
Conrad I (1152–1159), also count of Dachau (as Conrad II)
Conrad II (1159–1180), also count of Dachau (as Conrad III)
Berthold (1180–1204), also count of Andechs (as Berthold IV) and margrave of Istria and Carniola (as Berthold II)
Otto I (1204–1234), also count of Andechs (as Otto VII), margrave of Istria and Carniola (as Otto I) and count of Burgundy (as Otto II)
Otto II (1234–1248), also count of Andechs (as Otto VIII), margrave of Istria and Carniola (as Otto II) and count of Burgundy (as Otto III)
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Herrschaftsbereiche der Andechs-Meranier in Europa, a map by Anton Köcheler, at Gerhard Arneth, Die Andechs-Meranier: Der Aufstieg einer Grafenfamilie zum Fürstengeschlecht mit europäischer Bedeutung
Merania
Merania
Merania
Merania
Merania
Merania
Merania
Merania
Astragalus onobrychis is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae. It is the type species of the genus Astragalus, the largest genus of flowering plants by number of known species.
References
onobrychis
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The 1925 Giro di Lombardia was the 21st edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 4 November 1925. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Alfredo Binda.
General classification
References
1925
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Zhang Wuling (; 1889–1938) was a Chinese educator. Zhang was noted for promoting Chinese women's education and Chinese educational equality, he founded Suzhou Leyi Girls' School and Pinglin Middle School in Suzhou, Jiangsu. He was the father of poet Zhang Chonghe and scholar Zhang Yunhe.
Names
His birth name was Zhang Wuling (). His style name was Shengjin (), he has also known as Jiyou () and Jiyou ().
Biography
Zhang was born in Hefei, Anhui, in 1889, the grandson of Zhang Shusheng, a high-ranking military officer in the Huai Army.
Zhang moved to Shanghai in 1912. In 1918, he moved to Suzhou, he established Suzhou Leyi Girls' School () in 1921 and Pinglin Middle School () in 1925.
In 1937, the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out, he escaped from the flames of war with his family and moved to his hometown. Zhang died in there in 1938, aged 49.
Personal life
In 1906, Zhang married Lu Ying () in Hefei, Anhui. They had six sons and four daughters.
Sons:
Zhang Ninghe ()
Zhang Yuhe ()
Zhang Yinhe ()
Zhang Zonghe ()
Zhang Dinghe ()
Zhang Huanhe ()
Daughters:
Chang Yuen-ho (; husband: Gu Chuanjie)
Zhang Yunhe (; husband: Zhou Youguang)
Chang Chao-ho (; husband: Shen Congwen)
Chang Ch'ung-ho (; husband: Hans Fränkel)
References
1889 births
1938 deaths
People from Hefei
Educators from Anhui
The Perfect Marriage is a 1947 American comedy film directed by Lewis Allen and written by Leonard Spigelgass. The film stars Loretta Young, David Niven, Eddie Albert, Charlie Ruggles, Virginia Field, and Rita Johnson. The film was released on February 24, 1947, by Paramount Pictures.
Cast
Loretta Young as Maggie Williams
David Niven as Dale Williams
Eddie Albert as Gil Cummins
Charlie Ruggles as Dale Williams, Sr.
Virginia Field as Gloria
Rita Johnson as Mabel Manning
ZaSu Pitts as Rosa
Nona Griffith as Cookie Williams
Nana Bryant as Corinne Williams
Jerome Cowan as Addison Manning
Luella Gear as Dolly Haggerty
Howard Freeman as Peter Haggerty
Reception
T.M.P. of The New York Times said, "Whatever it was about The Perfect Marriage which convinced Producer Hal Wallis that this Samson Raphaelson-play was worth the trouble and expense of filming just doesn't come through on the screen. For the new potpourri of comedy, farce and drama, which opened yesterday at the Paramount Theatre, is a singularly shapeless and unrewarding entertainment. Not being acquainted with the play, we wouldn't know whether Leonard Spigelgass, the scenarist, tampered to any great extent with the original. But (and this is the only thing that matters right now) it is quite evident that Mr. Spigelgass certainly didn't contribute any improvements. He wrote an abundance of dialogue, to be sure, but most of it is witless."
References
External links
1947 films
1947 comedy films
American comedy films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Lewis Allen
Films produced by Hal B. Wallis
Films scored by Friedrich Hollaender
Paramount Pictures films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Facundo Daniel Torres Pérez (born 13 April 2000) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a winger for Major League Soccer club Orlando City and the Uruguay national team.
Torres has previously played for Peñarol where he won 2021 Uruguayan Primera División title.
Club career
Peñarol
Born in the Colón neighborhood of Montevideo, Torres grew up in La Paz, Canelones. At the age of four, Torres attended his first training session with his cousin Joaquín at Juventud River but showed little interest and instead sat in the middle of the field and played with dirt. His father later took him to La Paz Wanderers where he enjoyed playing with friends before spending a year with Defensor Sporting. At the age of 10 he was selected to play in the National Championship final to represent the regional southern league in Melo where he was scouted by Peñarol and invited to join their academy. With Peñarol, Torres traveled to Brazil to play in the , a friendly international competition for academy teams. Despite being two years younger than his teammates such as Federico Valverde, Diego Rossi and Santiago Bueno, Torres was a standout player at the tournament. Coached by Robert Lima, Torres continued to be fast-tracked through the age groups and in 2014, helped Peñarol to an under-15 national title. In February 2016, he was invited to train with the professional senior team for the first time, at the age of 15. That same year, Italian Serie A club Juventus made an attempt to sign Torres via his agent Daniel Fonseca. Torres' father opposed the move, thinking he was too young and describing it as "via the back door," parting ways with Fonseca as a result with Torres remaining at Peñarol to continue his development and earn playing time.
Torres was named in a senior matchday squad for the first time on 7 June 2018, as an unused substitute against Defensor Sporting. Moving between the first team and reserves under both Leonardo Ramos and Diego López without ever debuting, Torres was handed his senior debut by Diego Forlán on 16 August 2020 in a 2–0 Primera División win against Boston River. He came on as a 46th minute substitute for Matías de los Santos and scored his team's opening goal five minutes later. He made his continental debut in the delayed 2020 Copa Libertadores group stage, starting all four of the remaining games and scoring once in a 3–0 victory over Chilean side Colo-Colo. In his debut season, Torres made 38 appearances including 34 starts in all competitions and scored six goals.
In 2021, Torres was part of the squad that won the 2021 Uruguayan Primera División title. He made 19 appearances, scoring five goals during the league campaign. In his final competitive appearance for the club, Torres scored the equalizer in the Championship playoff as Peñarol drew 1–1 with Apertura winners Plaza Colonia, clinching the title with a penalty shoot-out victory. He also scored four goals during Peñarol's run to the 2021 Copa Sudamericana semi-finals before being eliminated by eventual winners Athletico Paranaense.
Orlando City
On 24 January 2022, Torres signed for Orlando City of Major League Soccer on a four-year Young Designated Player contracts with the option for a fifth. He joined for a reported club record $9 million fee.
International career
Youth
Torres represented Uruguay as a youth international at under-15, under-17 and under-20 level. He was part of Uruguay squad at the 2015 South American U-15 Championship and scored five goals in five games, the joint-third most behind Brazilians Vitinho and Vinícius Júnior, as Uruguay finished runners-up behind Brazil. He is the all-time top scorer for Uruguay under-17s and competed at the 2017 South American U-17 Championship.
Senior
On 5 March 2021, Torres received his first senior Uruguay national team call-up as part of a 35-man preliminary squad for 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches against Argentina and Bolivia. However, CONMEBOL suspended those matches the next day amid concern over the COVID-19 pandemic.
He made his senior international debut on 3 June 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Paraguay as a 66th minute substitute for Jonathan Rodríguez as Uruguay drew 0–0. He made his first start five days later in another goalless qualifying draw against Venezuela. In June 2021, Torres was named to the squad for the 2021 Copa América and appeared in all five games as a substitute. Uruguay were eliminated at the quarter-final stage on penalties by Colombia.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Peñarol
Uruguayan Primera División: 2021
Orlando City
U.S. Open Cup: 2022
References
External links
2000 births
People from Las Piedras, Uruguay
Living people
Association football forwards
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay youth international footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Major League Soccer players
Peñarol players
Orlando City SC players
Designated Players (MLS)
2021 Copa América players
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
The Veliki Bečkerek Football Subassociation (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Velikobečkerečki loptački podsavez / Великобечкеречки лоптачки подсавез), renamed in 1935 to Petrovgrad Football Subassociation (Petrovgradski loptački podsavez / Петровградски лоптачки подсавез) was one of the regional football governing bodies overseen by the Football Association of Yugoslavia. It was formed in Vršac on 11 May 1930 having been part of the Belgrade Football Subassociation until then.
Its seat was in Veliki Bečkerek, renamed to Petrovgrad in 1935, and included the clubs from the territory of the province (župa) of Banat - the municipalities of Vršac, Veliki Bečkerek (Petrovgrad), Kikinda, Novi Bečej and Pančevo. In 1939 the Subassociation counts 32 clubs.
The presidents of the Veliki Bečkerek Football Subassociation were Josip Podgradski (1930 - 1931), Dušan Bratić (1931 - 1936) and Andrija Mirković (1936 - 1941).
Seasons and champions
1931: The season was not finished as the entire league system modified.
1932: Obilić V. Bečkerek
1933: ŽAK V. Bečkerek. Note: The clubs that played in the 1932–33 Yugoslav Football Championship did not participate, as the two leagues were played simultaneously and the BLP had a qualifying character for the next season.
1934: ŽSK V. Bečkerek
1935:
1936: ŽAK V. Kikinda
1937: Note: It was adopted a system where the clubs competing in the national championship do not compete at subassociation level as well.
1938: ŽSK Petrograd
1939: Jugoslavija Jabuka
1940: Borac Petrovgrad
1941: Jugoslavija Jabuka
References
Football governing bodies in Serbia
Football governing bodies in Yugoslavia
Unnur Anna Valdimarsdóttir (born 1972) ) is a professor in epidemiology at the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Iceland. Her research focuses on the role of trauma and other life adversities in health and disease development.
Professional experience
Unnur completed her matriculation examination from the natural sciences track of Akureyri Junior College in 1992 and a BA in Psychology from the University of Iceland in 1996. She started a doctoral programme at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm in 1999 and completed her doctorate in clinical epidemiology in 2003. Her doctoral dissertation, “The loss of a husband to cancer: additional and avoidable psychological traumata”, focused on widows' health and adjustment after their husbands'' sickness and death due to cancer. From 2003 to 2006, Unnur continued working as a post doctoral fellow at Karolinska Institutet. There she laid the foundation for her research plan to the present.
In 2007 Unnur was hired as an associate professor in epidemiology at the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Iceland and was promoted to professor in 2012. She served as Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Medicine from 2013 to 2017. Unnur became the first head of a newly founded cross-disciplinary master's and doctoral programme in Public Health in 2007 and served in that capacity until 2017. She has taught courses for medical students and graduate students in epidemiology and other public health-related subjects and has also supervised many master's and PhD students. Unnur has been an adjunct professor at the Department of Epidemiology at Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health in Boston since 2013, and a guest professor at the Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics at Karolinska Institutet since 2015. She has also been active in advising students and research collaboration with scholars of those institutions.
Research
The overarching aim of Unnur's research team is to advance knowledge on, on the role of trauma and other life adversities such as loss of a loved one, diagnosis of cancer, natural catastrophes, and violence, in the development of various diseases. She has published her findings in approximately 150 scientific articles. Several of these articles have been published in some of the world's leading scientific medical journals, e.g., The New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA, Lancet Psychiatry, and BMJ. Unnur has also presented her findings in invited lectures at institutions of foreign universities and at international conferences.
Acknowledgements and grants
Unnur has received many acknowledgements for her work, including: Science and Technology Incentive Award (2010), award from the Award Fund of Þórður Harðarson and Árni Kristinsson in medicine and related fields (2017) for outstanding research achievements. In 2017, she was the first woman to be named Female Academic of the Year. Unnur has received many research grants, including a recent Grant of Excellence from The Icelandic Centre for Research, and a Consolidator Grant from the European Research Council for research on the genetics of varying health trajectories following trauma.
Personal life
Unnur's parents are Guðrún Jónsdóttir (b. 1938), hairdresser, and Valdimar Ágúst Steingrímsson (b. 1939), patrolman. Her siblings are Pétur Valdimarsson (b. 1966), graduate in business administration, and Jóna Ellen Valdimarsdóttir (b. 1977), registered nurse. Unnur's husband is Pétur Hafliði Marteinsson (b. 1973), entrepreneur, and they have one daughter.
Main written works
References
1972 births
Living people
Women epidemiologists
Unnur Anna Valdimarsdóttir
Unnur Anna Valdimarsdóttir
Harvard School of Public Health faculty
Adelaide/Churchill is a mostly residential neighbourhood located in south-central Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. It is a suburban subdivision, consisting mostly of low-density, single detached dwellings. As of 2009, the area is home to 3,445 residents. The neighbourhood is considered a middle-income area, with an average family income of $78,438, an average dwelling value of $287,976 and a home ownership rate of 90.3%.
History
The most of the land for the Adelaide/Churchill neighbourhood was annexed by the city between 1910 and 1919, with the remaining southern piece annexed between 1960 and 1969. According to a 1913 map of registered subdivisions, the area was divided in two: Victoria Park to the north of Ruth Street and Park Adelaide to the south. The two were developed as Churchill (north) and Adelaide Park (south) - with Ruth Street as the dividing line - but were combined into a single neighbourhood when the city redrew its neighbourhood boundaries in the 1990s. The layout of the streets reflects the urban planning philosophies of the day when the land was developed. The north part of the neighbourhood, developed just after World War II, follows a traditional grid pattern. By the 1950s, the design of residential neighbourhoods used a modern system of curving residential streets, feeding into collector roads that connected to arterial roads. Thus, the southern part of the neighbourhood follows this design practice.
Churchill School was built in 1956, but served as a public school for just under thirty years before closing. Hugh Cairns V.C. School was opened in 1960. It was named after Hugh Cairns (VC), a Canadian soldier from World War I whose hometown was Saskatoon. He was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross, the British Commonwealth's highest award for bravery in battle. Coincidentally, the school is located on Cairns Avenue; however the street was actually named for local pioneer John Cairns, not the soldier.
A divisive debate occurred in 2008 when the Saskatoon Full Gospel Church, owners of the former Churchill School, sought approval to demolish the structure and build a new church and attached condominium complex. Area residents complained that the new building would increase traffic on residential streets, and clash with the existing character of the neighbourhood. Ultimately, city council approved the project and it was under construction as of 2013.
Build-out of the neighbourhood was mostly complete by the mid-1970s when work was completed on a series of residential crescents south of Wilson Cres., however some additional development in the late 1980s saw Calder Avenue in the neighborhood's southwest corner extended south of a back lane, with three cul-de-sac streets and a crescent that extended to Clarence Avenue. In addition, construction of an interchange at Clarence Avenue and Circle Drive, in the planning stages since the 1960s, was completed in the late 2000s, facilitating resident access to the freeway and to the major commercial development at Stonebridge. Cumberland Avenue, which forms the eastern boundary of the community, was originally planned to connect with Circle Drive, but ultimately the city chose not to do this, leaving Clarence the only street that directly connects to the freeway from Adelaide/Churchill.
In 2017, construction began on a new fire station on Clarence Avenue South, just north of St. Martin's Church and Wilson Crescent. The station, which opened in 2018, replaced an older station in the Queen Elizabeth community to the northwest; it was relocated to Adelaide/Churchill in order to allow it to also serve Stonebridge to the south.
Government and politics
Adelaide/Churchill exists within the federal electoral district of Saskatoon—Grasswood. It is currently represented by Kevin Waugh of the Conservative Party of Canada, first elected in 2015.
Provincially, the area is mostly within the boundaries of Saskatoon Eastview. It was represented by Corey Tochor of the Saskatchewan Party, from 2011 until 2020, when Matt Love of the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party was elected. A small portion of the neighborhood north of Isabella Street is within the boundaries of Saskatoon Churchill-Wildwood.
In Saskatoon's non-partisan municipal politics, Adelaide/Churchill lies within ward 7. It is currently represented by Councillor Mairin Loewen, who was elected to city council in a 2011 by-election.
Institutions
Education
Hugh Cairns V. C. School - public elementary, part of the Saskatoon Public School Division. The school was constructed in 1959 and took in its first students in 1960. Although located on Cairns Avenue, the school and the street are not named for the same person; the school is named for Saskatonian Hugh Cairns, who was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions during World War I, while the street is named for Alderman John Cairns and was actually called 12th Avenue until 1954.
St. Philip School - separate (Catholic) elementary, part of Greater Saskatoon Catholic Schools. It was established in 1956.
Churchill School was a public elementary school constructed in 1956 and closed in the early 1980s, before being sold to the Saskatoon Full Gospel Church on July 1, 1985. The original school building at Ruth Street and Haultain Avenue has since been demolished and replaced by new construction, while the remainder of its school yard is taken up by the Churchill Gardens condominium complex.
In addition, Aden Bowman Collegiate (a grade 9-12 high school) is located across the street from the neighbourhood's northwest corner, though many students living in Adelaide/Churchill attend the 9-12 high school Walter Murray Collegiate in Nutana Suburban Centre. The nearest Catholic/Separate high school is Holy Cross High School, located east of Walter Murray.
Parks and recreation
Meadowlark Park (3.1 acres)
Adelaide Park (5.2 acres)
Churchill Park (13.4 acres)
The Adelaide/Churchill Community Association exists to represent the educational, recreational, and social needs of residents, to promote a sense of community and enhance quality of life in the area.
Commercial
Commercial development is limited to the northwest corner of the neighbourhood, where the Churchill Shopping Centre sits on the corner of Clarence Avenue and Taylor Street. This strip mall, which opened in December 1957, has the distinction of being the oldest shopping centre in Saskatoon. Through its history, the strip mall has featured a neighbourhood grocery store, along with an evolving mix of retail including a convenience store that is heavily used by the students from the high school directly across the street.
In addition, there are 57 home-based businesses in the neighbourhood. The community is immediately north of the big box commercial development in Stonebridge and is also served by the enclosed shopping centre Market Mall to the east. The Avalon Shopping Centre, a strip mall located in the Avalon neighbourhood to the west, has also serviced residents of the former Adelaide Park community since 1957.
Location
Adelaide/Churchill is located within the Nutana Suburban Development Area. It is bounded by Taylor Street to the north, Circle Drive to the south, Cumberland Avenue to the east, and Clarence Avenue to the west. Roads are laid in a grid fashion in the majority of the neighbourhood, while the area south of Wilson Crescent is made up primarily of crescents.
References
External links
Adelaide/Churchill neighbourhood profile
Adelaide/Churchill Community Association
Neighbourhoods in Saskatoon
Heinrich Friedrich Karl Ludwig Burkhardt (15 October 1861 – 2 November 1914) was a German mathematician. He famously was one of the two examiners of Albert Einstein's PhD thesis Eine neue Bestimmung der Moleküldimensionen. Of Einstein's thesis he stated: "The mode of treatment demonstrates fundamental mastery of the relevant mathematical methods" and "What I checked, I found to be correct without exception."
Biography
Burkhardt was born in Schweinfurt. Starting from 1879 he studied under Karl Weierstrass, Alexander von Brill, and Hermann Amandus Schwarz in Munich (at university and technical university), Berlin and Göttingen. He attained a doctorate in 1886 in Munich under Gustav Conrad Bauer with a thesis entitled: Beziehungen zwischen der Invariantentheorie und der Theorie algebraischer Integrale und ihrer Umkehrungen (Relations between the invariant theory and the theory of algebraic integrals and their inverses).
In 1887 he was an assistant at Göttingen and obtained his habilitation there in 1889. Later he was a professor in Zürich (1897–1908) and Munich (since October 1908). He worked on the theory of the elliptical functions, series expansions, group theory, the Burkhardt quartic, and history of mathematics.
He died in Neuwittelsbach/München, of a disease of the stomach, diagnosed about Easter 1914.
Works
1899: Elliptische Funktionen, zweiter Tiel, from Internet Archive
1903: Algebraische Analysis, from Internet Archive
1908: Entwicklungen nach oscillierenden Funktionen und Integration der Differentialgleichungen der mathematischen physick
1913: Theory of Functions of a Complex Variable, translated by S.E. Rasor, link from Internet Archive
See also
Alfred Kleiner
References
External links
Einstein's dissertation
Heinrich Liebmann „Zur Erinnerung an Heinrich Burkhardt“, Jahresbericht DMV Bd.24, 1915, S.185-195
19th-century German mathematicians
20th-century German mathematicians
Historians of mathematics
Technical University of Munich alumni
Technical University of Munich faculty
1861 births
1914 deaths
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus on 5 July 1970. The result was a victory for Eniaion, which won 15 of the 35 seats despite AKEL receiving a far larger share of the vote.
Results
References
Legislative election
Cyprus
Legislative elections in Cyprus
Cypriot legislative election
In music theory and tuning, a tonality diamond is a two-dimensional diagram of ratios in which one dimension is the Otonality and one the Utonality. Thus the n-limit tonality diamond ("limit" here is in the sense of odd limit, not prime limit) is an arrangement in diamond-shape of the set of rational numbers r, , such that the odd part of both the numerator and the denominator of r, when reduced to the lowest terms, is less than or equal to the fixed odd number n. Equivalently, the diamond may be considered as a set of pitch classes, where a pitch class is an equivalence class of pitches under octave equivalence. The tonality diamond is often regarded as comprising the set of consonances of the n-limit. Although originally invented by Max Friedrich Meyer, the tonality diamond is now most associated with Harry Partch ("Many theorists of just intonation consider the tonality diamond Partch's greatest contribution to microtonal theory.").
The diamond arrangement
Partch arranged the elements of the tonality diamond in the shape of a rhombus, and subdivided into (n+1)2/4 smaller rhombuses. Along the upper left side of the rhombus are placed the odd numbers from 1 to n, each reduced to the octave (divided by the minimum power of 2 such that ). These intervals are then arranged in ascending order. Along the lower left side are placed the corresponding reciprocals, 1 to 1/n, also reduced to the octave (here, multiplied by the minimum power of 2 such that ). These are placed in descending order. At all other locations are placed the product of the diagonally upper- and lower-left intervals, reduced to the octave. This gives all the elements of the tonality diamond, with some repetition. Diagonals sloping in one direction form Otonalities and the diagonals in the other direction form Utonalities. One of Partch's instruments, the diamond marimba, is arranged according to the tonality diamond.
Numerary nexus
A numerary nexus is an identity shared by two or more interval ratios in their numerator or denominator, with different identities in the other. For example, in the Otonality the denominator is always 1, thus 1 is the numerary nexus:
In the Utonality the numerator is always 1 and the numerary nexus is thus also 1:
For example, in a tonality diamond, such as Harry Partch's 11-limit diamond, each ratio of a right slanting row shares a numerator and each ratio of a left slanting row shares an denominator. Each ratio of the upper left row has 7 as a denominator, while each ratio of the upper right row has 7 (or 14) as a numerator.
5-limit
This diamond contains three identities (1, 3, 5).
7-limit
This diamond contains four identities (1, 3, 5, 7).
11-limit
This diamond contains six identities (1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11). Harry Partch used the 11-limit tonality diamond, but flipped it 90 degrees.
15-limit
This diamond contains eight identities (1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15).
Geometry of the tonality diamond
The five- and seven-limit tonality diamonds exhibit a highly regular geometry within the modulatory space, meaning all non-unison elements of the diamond are only one unit from the unison. The five-limit diamond then becomes a regular hexagon surrounding the unison, and the seven-limit diamond a cuboctahedron surrounding the unison.. Further examples of lattices of diamonds ranging from the triadic to the ogdoadic diamond have been realised by Erv Wilson where each interval is given its own unique direction.
Properties of the tonality diamond
Three properties of the tonality diamond and the ratios contained:
All ratios between neighboring ratios are superparticular ratios, those with a difference of 1 between numerator and denominator.
Ratios with relatively lower numbers have more space between them than ratios with higher numbers.
The system, including the ratios between ratios, is symmetrical within the octave when measured in cents not in ratios.
For example:
The ratio between and (and and ) is .
The ratios with relatively low numbers and are 203.91 cents apart, while the ratios with relatively high numbers and are 70.67 cents apart.
The ratio between the lowest and 2nd lowest and the highest and 2nd highest ratios are the same, and so on.
Size of the tonality diamond
If φ(n) is Euler's totient function, which gives the number of positive integers less than n and relatively prime to n, that is, it counts the integers less than n which share no common factor with n, and if d(n) denotes the size of the n-limit tonality diamond, we have the formula
From this we can conclude that the rate of growth of the tonality diamond is asymptotically equal to . The first few values are the important ones, and the fact that the size of the diamond grows as the square of the size of the odd limit tells us that it becomes large fairly quickly. There are seven members to the 5-limit diamond, 13 to the 7-limit diamond, 19 to the 9-limit diamond, 29 to the 11-limit diamond, 41 to the 13-limit diamond, and 49 to the 15-limit diamond; these suffice for most purposes.
Translation to string length ratios
Yuri Landman published an otonality and utonality diagram that clarifies the relationship of Partch's tonality diamonds to the harmonic series and string lengths (as Partch also used in his Kitharas) and Landmans Moodswinger instrument.
In Partch's ratios, the over number corresponds to the amount of equal divisions of a vibrating string and the under number corresponds to the which division the string length is shortened to. for example is derived from dividing the string to 5 equal parts and shortening the length to the 4th part from the bottom. In Landmans diagram these numbers is inverted, changing the frequency ratios into string length ratios.
See also
Lattice (music)
Tonality flux
References
Harry Partch
Pitch space
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Rochefort, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Rochefort, Belgium
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Rochefort
Rochefort, Belgium
The 2019 SuperUtes Series (known for commercial reasons as the 2019 ECB SuperUtes Series) was the second running of the series. The season started at the Adelaide Street Circuit on March 1 and concluded at Newcastle Street Circuit on November 24.
Teams and drivers
Driver Changes
Cameron Crick Competed full time, after competing in 2 rounds in 2018
Team Changes
Ross Stone Racing switched from running a Holden Colorado to an Isuzu D-Max.
Calendar
Calendar Changes
Barbagallo Raceway was added as the second event of the season
The round at Sandown was dropped for 2019
Series standings
Notes
References
External links
SuperUte Series
Crime Busters x 2 (simplified Chinese: 叮当神探) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 30 September 2008 and ended on 27 October 2008. This drama serial consists of 20 episodes, and was screened on every weekday night at 9:00 pm.
Cast
Main cast
Supporting cast
Synopsis
Xia Jingyi, nicknamed Xiaozhu ("Little Pig"), is a rookie cop with the Records Department of the Police Force and is constantly at loggerheads with her superior, Lü Daxiong. The aloof and temperamental Daxiong was transferred from the Criminal Investigation Department five years ago after a bungle during a police chase that resulted in the death of his partner.
Despite their differences, the duo helps in the investigation and solving of several cases; from the mystery of a man who died after a brush with a ghostly apparition, to the death of a reporter who was trying to uncover a child smuggling ring.
Yu Jie is a forensic pathologist with the CID. Her brother Yu Qing comes under investigation by the CID as he was tied to the death of a journalist threatening to expose the child smuggling syndicate he was believed to be a member of. Daxiong is secretly in love with Yu Jie but soon realises that she is hiding a deep dark secret about her past. While investigating the case he finds himself face to face one of his cold cases involving a mysterious criminal known as the "Surgical Maniac".
See also
List of programmes broadcast by Mediacorp Channel 8
External links
Official Website
Singapore Chinese dramas
2008 Singaporean television series debuts
Channel 8 (Singapore) original programming
Red T is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization devoted to the protection of translators and interpreters in conflict zones and other high-risk settings.
Based in New York, NY it was founded by Maya Hess.
It has joined forces with AIIC, IAPTI and FIT in an effort to put pressure on governments to ensure the long-term safety of linguists who served their troops in Afghanistan.
References
External links
Official Website
Difference Between Translation & Localization
Translation organizations
Professional associations based in the United States
Aisin-Gioro Huisheng (26 February 1938 – 4 December 1957), better known simply as Huisheng or Eisei, was a Manchu-Japanese noblewoman. She was born in the Aisin Gioro clan, the imperial clan of the Qing dynasty. She was the elder daughter of Pujie, the younger brother of Puyi, the last emperor of China. Her mother was Hiro Saga, a Japanese noblewoman who married Pujie in 1937.
Life
Huisheng was born on 26 February 1938 at Xinjing Special Municipal First Hospital in Hsinking (present-day Changchun, Jilin, China), the capital of Manchukuo to Pujie and Hiro Saga. Her uncle, Puyi, ruled as the puppet emperor of Manchukuo under Japanese control during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945). Her younger sister was Husheng (嫮生; b. 1940). She lived in Manchukuo until 1943, when she was sent to Japan to live with her maternal grandparents. She was educated in various prestigious private schools, including the Gakushūin. She was very interested in Japanese and Chinese literature.
After the end of the war, Huisheng's father was captured by Soviet forces and held in a prison camp for five years before he was extradited to the People's Republic of China in 1950. He was then incarcerated in the Fushun War Criminals Management Centre. Huisheng's mother and younger sister were also captured and imprisoned in Shanghai before they were repatriated to Japan in 1947. However, even though Huisheng had been reunited with her mother and sister, her father was still imprisoned and out of contact with them. During this time, Huisheng wrote in Chinese to Chinese premier Zhou Enlai, requesting that he put her in touch with her father. Zhou was moved by her letter and granted her permission.
In April 1956, Huisheng was enrolled at the Gakushuin University, in June, she got into a relationship with her classmate , the son of a railway executive. Later in February 1957, Huisheng's mother strongly opposed to her daughter's decision to marry Ōkubo; due to Ōkubo being a commoner, and either because Huisheng had been considered as a potential candidate to marry the then-Crown Prince Akihito.
Death
Huisheng (age 19) and Ōkubo (age 20) disappeared on 4 December 1957 and were later found dead on Mount Amagi in the Izu Peninsula. Huisheng, wearing a golden ring on her finger, lay with her head cradled in Ōkubo's left arm. Ōkubo held a pistol in his right hand. Above their heads was a twisted piece of tissue paper containing snips of their hair and fingernails – an element in the ritual of a Japanese love suicide. This murder-suicide incident was known as the .
At the request of Ōkubo's father, Huisheng and Ōkubo's ashes were interred together first at the Saga family plot in Nison-in, and then at the Aisin-Gioro family plot in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi.
Ancestry
References
1938 births
1957 suicides
Manchu people
Manchukuo royalty
People from Changchun
Chinese expatriates in Japan
Chinese people of Japanese descent
Gakushuin University alumni
Qing dynasty princesses
College students who committed suicide
Suicides by firearm in Japan
Joint suicides
La Ferrassie 1, often referred to as LF1, is a male Neanderthal skeleton estimated to be 70–50,000 years old. It was discovered at the La Ferrassie site in France by Louis Capitan and Denis Peyrony in 1909. The skull is the most complete Neanderthal skull ever found. With a cranial capacity of 1641 cm3, it is the second largest hominid skull ever discovered, after Amud 1, another Neanderthal.
The skull displays many of the "classic" examples of Neanderthal anatomy, including a low, sloping forehead and large nasal openings. His leg and foot bones make it clear that Neanderthals walked upright like modern humans. The teeth are well preserved and the incisors are heavily worn down, suggesting they were used to holding objects.
La Ferrassie 1 is most known for being the most complete Neanderthal skull; however, additional bones were also discovered. This is especially important due to the lack of bones that show a large number of Neanderthal characteristics. Along with the skull; the scapulae, pelvis, hand, and foot remains were identified. The hand and foot remains that were found showed minor damage. The hands and fingers of La Ferrassie 1 have been linked to rare conditions. The teeth of La Ferrassie 1 have also been the subject matter to many human evolution theories. Nonetheless, the La Ferrassie 1 remains have proved to be beneficial in studying evolution over time. La Ferrassie 1, at the time of his death, was approximated to be 45 years old. This age would coincide with other Neanderthals who were considered elderly at this age. Some researchers have also used new technology to suggest a possible dating correction of La Ferrassie 1.
Background and discovery
The remains of La Ferrassie 1 were discovered inside of a rock shelter that had collapsed. This would coincide with many other remains that have been found in many caves in Europe. The discovery took place in Savignac-de-Miremont, near Le Bugue, France. La Ferrassie 1 is one of the many hominid dispersals found in France. Many researchers have reported that the remains of La Ferrassie 1 show characteristics of the Eurasian human population before having contact with anatomically modern humans. These characteristics can be seen throughout the remains of La Ferrrasie 1.
When La Ferrassie 1 was discovered, it was noted that the right side of the skeleton was semi-flexed when buried. This detail would prove to explain the damage that was done to the skeleton. The axial skeleton of La Ferrassie 1 was crushed almost entirely. Nonetheless, the remains have been able to help many researchers in their studies. Most notably, M. Boule used La Ferrassie 1 as a sample and comparison to the LaChapelle-aux-Saints 1 skeleton.
La Ferrassie 1 teeth
There have been many studies done on the teeth of La Ferrassie 1. When looking at the teeth of La Ferrassie 1, one can find extreme wear all along them. John A. Wallace, an Assistant Professor in the Department of Anatomy at Queen's University was the first to ask the question, "Did La Ferrassie 1 use his teeth as a tool?" This question would explain the changes to face shape that followed La Ferrassie 1 and the extreme wear that can be seen. Wallace noted that changing face shape due to teeth use is a case of selective mechanism. This would connect to other transitional changes that have been seen in other discovered Neanderthals. La Ferrassie 1's face shape could prove that they used their teeth as a tool because of their muzzle-shaped face. In the past, the shape of the teeth has been correlated with the shape of the face and jaw. La Ferrassie 1's teeth were also discovered to be placed further forward in comparison to any other human evolution fossil. This is also an important characteristic that makes La Ferrassie 1 significant in human evolution studies. Pierre-Francois Puech also noted that La Ferrassie 1's cheek teeth were very similar to present-day humans, and La Ferrassie 1 also had a long mandible of 126 mm. La Ferrassie 1 has been noted to represent many transitional characteristics to modern-day humans.
Hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy
La Ferrassie 1 is also significant because it was found to show periostitis. The clubbed fingers of La Ferrassie 1 should be a clear indication of this case. It is also important to note that La Ferrassie 1 was also discovered to have a case of hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy, also known as HPO. However, the HPO found in La Ferrassie 1 was most likely not a hand or foot condition. This rare condition makes this fossil even more notable. La Ferrassie 1 is the only Neanderthal found with this diagnosis.
Possible dating correction
A new multi-method luminescence dating has suggested that La Ferrassie 1 could be dated to ~45,000 years ago. This new method of dating could prove to change many Neanderthal sequences. Scientists used the Ferrassie Mousterian layers to support the chronology of La Ferrassie 1. This new chronology could also change the dating of La Ferrassie 2. Results in research have made it clear that La Ferrassie 1 is not any older than 54 ± 4ka.
See also
Dawn of Humanity (2015 PBS documentary)
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
List of Neanderthal fossils
List of human evolution fossils (with images)
Neanderthal
Neanderthals of Gibraltar
Origins of Us (2011 BBC documentary)
Prehistoric Autopsy (2012 BBC documentary)
References
External links
Human Timeline (Interactive) – Smithsonian, National Museum of Natural History (August 2016).
Neanderthal fossils
Tkocz is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrzej Tkocz (born 1951), Polish speedway rider
Jarosław Tkocz (born 1973), Polish footballer
Stanisław Tkocz (1936–2016), Polish speedway rider
See also
Polish-language surnames
Jackson Nathaniel "Jax" Teller is a fictional character and the protagonist of the FX television series Sons of Anarchy, portrayed by actor Charlie Hunnam. A member of the titular outlaw motorcycle club, he spends the series as the Vice President and later President of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Original (SAMCRO), charter based in a fictional town called Charming, in California. The son of one of the club's founding members, his conflict between wanting to maintain the longevity of his father's organization by reducing the criminal element and his desire to become a law-abiding family man despite increasing levels of violence forms the central conflict of the series.
Hunnam's depiction of Jax Teller and the character itself has been received positively by critics. Hunnam was twice nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor. The character's descent into a brutal antihero and even villain has been described as both "shocking" and "brilliant". His character is based on Hamlet; the Prince of Denmark from William Shakespeare's play Hamlet.
Character
Jax Teller was born in 1978 to John and Gemma Teller. He was raised within the world of SAMCRO as his father, a Vietnam veteran, was the founder and President of the M.C. John Teller died in a road accident on November 13, 1993, with leadership of SAMCRO passing to Clay Morrow who would eventually marry Gemma, becoming Jax's step-father. Jax is a trained mechanic and possesses a GED.
Jax is depicted dressing as unconventional compared to traditional bikers, specifically wearing white Nike Air Force 1 sneakers throughout the series.
In season seven, Wayne Unser describes Jax as "Formidable, as smart as he is dangerous". By the series end, Jax's kill count numbered 46.
Storyline
Season 1
As the series begins in 2008, Jax serves as SAMCRO's Vice President and works as a mechanic at his family-owned automotive repair shop. Since 1967, SAMCRO has held sway over the town of Charming and protects it from criminal elements while working closely with its Chief of Police, Wayne Unser. A convicted felon, Jax previously served time in prison for gunrunning. He is estranged from his pregnant wife Wendy; a methamphetamine addict who overdoses and endangers the life of their unborn son Abel, who is born premature. Jax discovers a manuscript by his late father, "The Life and Death of SAM CROW: How the Son's of Anarchy Lost Their Way", in which John describes his growing disillusionment with the chaotic and violent life of the M.C. His mother Gemma, discovers that Jax has read the letters and worries that it will drive him away from the club.
Jax renews a relationship with his high-school sweetheart, Tara Knowles, a neonatal surgeon at the local hospital who operates on Abel. The destruction of a gun warehouse brings unwanted attention on SAMCRO from both local and federal law enforcement, specifically the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). As Jax attempts to lead SAMCRO into more peaceful resolutions with other competitors and rivals, he discovers that Tara is being stalked by a former boyfriend; ATF agent Josh Kohn. After multiple confrontations with Kohn, Jax murders him after he attempts to rape Tara.
In order to continue their gun selling relationship with the IRA, SAMCRO is tasked with killing a member of the port authority. Jax, Opie Winston, and Bobby Munson complete the hit but a witness identifies Bobby as the shooter. The ATF investigates SAMCRO for their involvement and ATF agent June Stahl attempts to make Opie out to be the federal informant who ratted on Bobby.
Club President and Jax's step-father Clay Morrow and Tig Trager secretly orchestrate a plan to kill Opie and pin the kill on the One-Niners; an African American street gang in Charming. However, Tig mistakenly kills Opie's wife Donna in a botched drive-by shooting. Jax rescues the actual informant from being killed by SAMCRO and deduces that Clay is responsible for Donna's death, causing a rift within the club.
Season 2
SAMCRO is confronted by the League of American Nationalists (LOAN), a powerful white separatist organization led by wealthy businessman Ethan Zobelle and right-wing extremist, A.J. Weston. LOAN demands that SAMCRO end their sales of guns to non-white criminal organizations. When SAMCRO refuses, LOAN has Gemma kidnapped and gang raped. LOAN attempts to work with anti-SAMCRO businessman Jacob Hale, brother of self-righteous Deputy Chief David Hale, as well as SAMCRO's local rivals, the white supremist Nords and the Mayans. SAMCRO engages LOAN while the ATF continues to investigate the club and its connection to the IRA. LOAN outmaneuvers SAMCRO and they are lured into attacking Zobelle and Weston at a church and are subsequently arrested. Jax and Clay get into a fist fight while in jail but SAMCRO is released on bond. Jax prepares to leave SAMCRO by joining the Nomad charter but Gemma reveals the details of the rape, causing Jax to change his mind. Jax kills A.J. Weston but Ethan Zobelle escapes after an IRA member kills prospect Half-Sack Epps and kidnaps Abel.
Season 3
Jax and SAMCRO attempt to find Abel and learn he has been taken to Belfast. Stahl attempts to make a deal with Jax behind the club's back in order for the ATF to take down the IRA. Jax, Gemma, and some of SAMCRO travel to Belfast in search of Abel and learn that he has been given to a Catholic adoption center. Jax also learns that his father had a secret family in Belfast and that he has a half-sister named Trinity, daughter of Maureen Ashby, sister of high-ranking IRA priest, Kellan. SAMCRO kills the disloyal members of the Sons' Belfast charter and Jax finds Abel, nearly leaving him in the care of a loving couple who adopted him but they are murdered by rogue IRA member Jimmy O'Phelan. Kellan Ashby sacrifices himself so that Jax can take Abel home. Returning to Charming, agent Stahl double crosses Jax and tells the club about the side deal Jax made with her, unaware that Jax and SAMCRO orchestrated the entire plan together. Jax and other members of SAMCRO are taken to prison, Chibs Telford kills O'Phelan, and Opie kills Stahl.
Season 4
Jax is released after a 14 month prison sentence and returns home to Tara, who has given birth to their son Thomas. Jax reveals to Tara that he plans to leave SAMCRO in good-standing if he backs Clay in a newly brokered deal with the Galindo Mexican drug cartel to sell them guns and mule their cocaine. As Jax attempts to navigate complex deals with local criminal organizations, the IRA, and the cartel, he learns that a United States Attorney is conducting a RICO operation against the club and its associates. Jax learns that the cartel members are working with the C.I.A. to topple a rival cartel and they need SAMCRO to continue running guns to accomplish this. As a result, the RICO operation is shelved but Jax finds that growing levels of violence continues to be a daily occurrence for himself and SAMCRO. Additionally, Jax learns that Clay killed his father and becomes consumed with the need for revenge. Jax also learns that Clay previously killed Piney Winston and attempted to have Tara killed to avoid this knowledge from being shared. Opie attempts to kill Clay but Jax rescues him as he needs Clay alive so that the IRA will continue to work with the cartel. Falsely believing Clay was attacked by the One-Niners, Tig attacks the gang's leader Laroy Wayne and mistakenly kills his girlfriend Veronica, daughter of Oakland crime-lord Damon Pope. Jax forces Clay to relinquish the Presidency.
Season 5
Now President of SAMCRO and with the threat of RICO presently diminished, Jax leads the club in its continued partnership with the cartel while working on a strategy to have other organizations take over their business so that SAMCRO can free itself from criminality. However, Jax, Chibs, and Tig are arrested in relation to Veronica Pope's murder and are transported to county jail along with Opie. There, Pope uses his influence to have a member of SAMCRO killed, resulting in Opie's death. Devastated by the loss of his best friend, Jax reluctantly strikes a deal with Pope and SAMCRO enters into a business relationship with him. Jax grows increasingly violent and his continued attempts to get SAMCRO free of the cartel and gunrunning fails. Jax learns that Juice Ortiz was informing law enforcement of SAMCRO's actions and forces him to become completely subservient to him. Jax reveals Clay's actions including the murder of John Teller and Piney, and SAMCRO subsequently excommunicates Clay and strips his patch. The vote to kill Clay narrowly passes with only Bobby voting no, causing a rift between him and Jax; and Bobby steps down as Vice President. Jax orchestrates the murder of Damon Pope by Tig and implements Clay, who is arrested. Tara is arrested after being connected in the murder of a nurse by imprisoned SAMCRO member and informant, Otto Delaney.
Season 6
Jax attempts to grow the escorting business with Gemma's new love interest, Nero Padilla; but strife continues within SAMCRO. Tara returns home and begins to secretly arrange for Jax's ex-wife, Wendy, to become the legal guardians of Abel and Thomas. After a child commits a mass shooting with an automatic weapon SAMCRO sold to Nero's old gang, Jax attempts to relieve local pressure by giving the gun business to other organizations, but IRA boss Gaalen O'Shay refuses. Jax attempts to deny O'Shay, resulting in the IRA murdering Phil Russell and V-Lin and blowing up the SAMCRO clubhouse. Meanwhile, retired U.S. Marshall Lee Toric seeks revenge for the death of his sister by Otto Delaney, attempting to persuade Clay to become an informant. Toric uses dirty tactics but is killed by Otto after Clay gives him a knife. Jax delivers an emotional speech to the Sons charters across the Northwest explaining the deadly cost of gunrunning and SAMCRO's plan to remove itself from the business; the other charters support him. SAMCRO and the IRA strike a deal to allow Clay to handle the gunrunning business. Clay is released and meets with O'Shay, but Jax subsequently kills them both, convincing IRA member Connor Malone to give the gunrunning business to Pope's successor, August Marks. Tara fakes a miscarriage after pretending to be assaulted by Gemma and prepares to divorce Jax. She makes a deal with the District Attorney in order to leave Charming and enter into Witness protection. After hearing Tara's plight, Jax decides to allow Tara to leave with the boys and turn himself into law enforcement. Gemma is unaware that Jax made the deal, she confronts and kills Tara. Jax returns home and finds his dead wife as well as the body of Sheriff's Deputy Lt. Eli Roosevelt, who Juice killed to protect Gemma.
Season 7
Following Tara's death, Jax becomes unhinged. Believing Tara's murder to have been committed by the Chinese Triad, he exacts revenge on them and acts violently toward anyone who stands in his way, unraveling the criminal underworld in Northern California in the process. As a result, Jax and SAMCRO go head-to-head with the Triad and by association August Marks, resulting in Bobby being killed. Jax forces Juice to get arrested so that he can kill Triad leader Henry Lin. Jax has Marks arrested, leads an ambush on Marks' hit squad, and brokers an agreement between the IRA, Aryan Brotherhood, Mayans M.C. and One-Niners. Jax meets with Northwestern SOA Presidents and admits to killing Jury White, making a deal to convince SAMCRO to excommunicate and execute him. Juice kills Lin and reveals to Jax that his mother killed Tara and he helped cover it up. Jax has Juice killed, murders Unser and Gemma, gives custody of Abel and Thomas to Wendy, and asks Nero to help get his sons out of Charming and ensure they grow up hating their father. In his last act as SAMCRO's president, he patches-in T.O. Cross, the first African-American SOA member. Jax is then excommunicated from the M.C. by choice and ties up loose ends by killing August Marks and Charles Barosky. Chibs becomes President of SAMCRO and the club votes for Jax to meet "Mr. Mayhem" (execution), but allow him to leave by staging an escape. Jax leads law enforcement on a massive chase on the interstate and kills himself by crashing into a semi truck.
Origins and critical response
In preparation for the role, Hunnam spent time with an outlaw motorcycle club in Oakland, California and met a 22-year-old member who had spent his entire life raised around the club. Hunnam based Jax's personality and attire on this real life biker, who was killed in a shooting one week into the production of the show's first season.
Teller was named as one of TV's best dads by Dadcentric.com, and they described him as a "brutal anti-hero" and a "rebel who never lives by society's rules". However, they also highlight how the birth of Abel and the discovery of his father's memoirs transformed him as a person. The Chicago Tribune remarked that Jax is "the heir apparent to the gang", but "has a great deal of nostalgia for his father's more hippie-ish early hopes for the motorcycle club".
References
Sons of Anarchy characters
Fictional outlaws
Fictional cannabis users
Fictional crime bosses
Fictional businesspeople
Fictional vigilantes
Fictional characters based on real people
Fictional gang members
Fictional gangsters
Fictional mechanics
Fictional mass murderers
Fictional matricides
Fictional smokers
Fictional torturers
Fictional underbosses
Fictional characters from California
Television characters introduced in 2008
Fictional suicides
Fictional American Jews
Fictional Irish American people
Lawrence G. Costanzo is a former Supreme Master of the Knights of Columbus fourth degree (elected in 1961) and former Deputy Secretary of State of Arizona.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The August Horch Museum Zwickau is an automobile museum in Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. Opened in 2004, it covers the history of automobile construction in Zwickau, the home of Horch and Audi prior to World War II, and Trabant during the Cold War-era German Democratic Republic.
The museum is housed within the former factory where August Horch established Audi Automobilwerke GmbH in 1910. Its owner and operator is a non-profit making company owned in equal shares by Audi AG and the town of Zwickau.
Gallery
See also
AutoMuseum Volkswagen
Autostadt
List of automobile museums
museum mobile
Porsche Museum
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
August Horch Museum Zwickau – official site
Audi
Automobile museums in Germany
European Route of Industrial Heritage Anchor Points
Horch
Museums in Saxony
Zwickau
Museums established in 2004
2004 establishments in Germany
East Kikori Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Negebare
02. Tobare
03. Sera
04. Omo
05. Kabarau
06. Irimuku
07. Morere
08. Ero
09. Veraibari
10. Kivaumai
11. Morovamu
12. Wowoubo
13. Waitari
14. Nahoromere
15. Era Maipua
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Bielecha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Bielecha
Clayton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,043. Its county seat is Elkader. The county was established in 1837 and was named in honor of John M. Clayton, United States Senator from Delaware and later Secretary of State under President Zachary Taylor.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water. It is the fifth-largest county in Iowa by area.
Adjacent counties
Allamakee County (north)
Crawford County, Wisconsin (northeast)
Grant County, Wisconsin (east)
Dubuque County (southeast)
Delaware County (south)
Buchanan County (southwest)
Fayette County (west)
Winneshiek County (northwest)
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 52
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 13
Iowa Highway 56
Iowa Highway 76
Iowa Highway 128
National protected areas
Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Effigy Mounds National Monument (part)
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge (part)
Geology
Clayton County is part of the Driftless Area, a region that completely missed being ice-covered during the last ice age. Streams have deeply carved valleys, while the Mississippi River has spectacular bluffs.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 17,043 in the county, with a population density of . 97.51% of the population reported being of one race. 93.21% were non-Hispanic White, 0.93% were Black, 2.01% were Hispanic, 0.25% were Native American, 0.28% were Asian, 0.04% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.29% were some other race or more than one race. There were 8,758 housing units, of which 7,315 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 18,130 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,999 housing units, of which 7,599 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,678 people, about 7,500 households, and 1 family residing in the county. The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 8,620 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.93% White, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.19% from other races, and 0.41% from two or more races. 0.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,375 households, out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.70% were married couples living together, 6.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.40% were non-families. 26.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 18.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,068, and the median income for a family was $40,199. Males had a median income of $27,165 versus $19,644 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,930. About 5.70% of families and 8.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.60% of those under age 18 and 9.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Clayton
Edgewood
Elkader
Elkport
Farmersburg
Garber
Garnavillo
Guttenberg
Luana
Marquette
McGregor
Monona
North Buena Vista
Osterdock
Postville
St. Olaf
Strawberry Point
Volga
Unincorporated communities
Beulah
Ceres
Clayton Center
Communia
Eckards
Fairview
Froelich
Giard
Gunder
Hardin
Highland
Littleport
McGregor Heights
Mederville
Millville
Motor
Osborne
Saint Sebald
Thomasville
Turkey River
Updegraff
Watson
Wood
Townships
Clayton County is divided into these townships:
Boardman
Buena Vista
Cass
Clayton
Cox Creek
Elk
Farmersburg
Garnavillo
Giard
Grand Meadow
Highland
Jefferson
Lodomillo
Mallory
Marion
Mendon
Millville
Monona
Read
Sperry
Volga
Wagner
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Clayton County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clayton County, Iowa
Clayton County Courthouse
References
External links
Clayton County Development Corporation's website
Clayton County Health and Demographic Data
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Driftless Area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
John Robert Cartwright, (March 23, 1895 – November 24, 1979) was the 12th Chief Justice of Canada.
Born in Toronto, Cartwright was the son of James Strachan Cartwright and Jane Elizabeth Young. After graduating from Upper Canada College in 1912, he enrolled at Osgoode Hall Law School and began his articles with Smith, Rae & Greer.
He interrupted his studies in 1914 to serve overseas with the armed forces during the First World War. In 1915 he was wounded twice and for the following two years was an aide-de-camp to three successive generals. He was awarded the Military Cross in 1917.
Upon his return to Canada, he resumed his study of law. He was called to the bar in 1920, then joined the firm of Smith, Rae & Greer in Toronto.
In 1947 he was counsel for the Government of Canada in the prosecutions that resulted from the findings of the Royal Commission on Spying Activities in Canada, which had been chaired by justices Robert Taschereau and Roy Kellock.
He was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada on December 22, 1949 and became its chief justice on September 1, 1967. He served on the Supreme Court for 20 years and retired on March 23, 1970. The following year, he accepted a position with the law firm Gowling and Henderson as counsel.
Honours
1917 – awarded the Military Cross.
1918 – awarded the 1914–15 Star
1919 – awarded the British War Medal.
1919 – awarded the WWI Victory Medal.
1967 – sworn as a member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada, Honorific The Right Honourable and Post Nominal Letters "PC".
1967 – awarded the Canadian Centennial Medal.
1969 – awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws from York University.
1970 – made a Companion of the Order of Canada (CC).
1977 – awarded the Canadian Version of the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal.
References
External links
Supreme Court of Canada biography
1895 births
1979 deaths
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian Anglicans
Chief justices of Canada
Justices of the Supreme Court of Canada
Lawyers in Ontario
Companions of the Order of Canada
Osgoode Hall Law School alumni
Military personnel from Toronto
Canadian recipients of the Military Cross
Upper Canada College alumni
SM UB-133 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. Completed after the end of hostilities, she was not commissioned into the German Imperial Navy but surrendered to Britain in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. In 1922 she was broken up in Rochester.
Construction
She was built by Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft of Kiel and following just under a year of construction, launched at Kiel on 27 September 1918. UB-133 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-133 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-133 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Kiel
Uske pantalone (Tight Pants) is the sixth studio album by Yugoslavian pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh. It was released 27 November 1986 through the record label PGP-RTB.
This was her seventh of twelve albums with Slatki Greh.
The album was sold in a circulation of 600,000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Production and recording
Zoran Radetić – engineering
Zoran Vukčević – engineering
Crew
Ivan Ćulum – design
Belmondo/Dragan Timotijević – photography
References
1986 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellis County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Ellis County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
Determined eligible
At least one property in Ellis County has been determined eligible but was not finally listed on the National Register.
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Ellis County
The Malvern Line or Malvern Lineament is the name applied to a north-south aligned lineament which runs through the Malvern Hills of western England and extends southwards towards Bristol and northwards past Stourport.
It consists of a series of faults and folds which have the effect of bringing old Malvernian rocks to the surface. Being largely hard igneous rocks, the Malverns Complex rocks have resisted erosion better than those of the surrounding countryside and result in a striking line of hills of which the Malvern Hills are the most impressive. The Abberley Hills to their north also form a part of this lineament. This line is considered to mark the edge of two terranes - two once separate fragments of the Earth's crust now joined as one - the Wrekin Terrane to the west and the Charnwood Terrane to the east.
References
Plate tectonics
Structural geology
Geology of England
Flemington Road is a major thoroughfare in the inner suburbs of North Melbourne and Parkville in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It runs for 2 km in a northwest–southeast direction, from the southern end of Mount Alexander Road, Flemington, to Haymarket roundabout and the northern end of Elizabeth Street, and provides a main connection between the northern arm of the CityLink tollway and Melbourne's CBD.
Route
Flemington Road starts at the intersection of Boundary Road and the southbound ramp from CityLink and heads south-east as an eight-lane wide dual-carriageway, with a dedicated tram median down the centre; after passing the intersection with Racecourse Road and Elliot Avenue, the carriageways divide further to form a four-lane central carriageway with dedicated tram median, flanked by two-lane, one-way carriageways in each direction servicing properties and side-streets. The road passes the Royal Children's Hospital and then the Royal Melbourne and Royal Women's Hospitals, before ending at the large Haymarket roundabout.
History
The road was signed National Route 79 in 1955, continuing south-east from Mount Alexander Road (and then from Tullamarine Freeway from 1972); National Routes 1 and 8 joined from Racecourse Road, all three continuing south-east until the intersection with Harker Street, where National Routes 8 and 79 terminated and National Route 1 continued south down Harker Street. National Route 8 was upgraded to National Highway 8 when the Western Highway was declared a National Highway in 1974; National Route 1 was re-routed to use the West Gate Freeway when it opened in 1978 and its former allocation was replaced with Alternative National Route 1, itself later removed in 1988. National Highway 8 was removed when the Deer Park bypass opened in 2009, and National Route 79 was replaced by Metropolitan Route 60 in 2013.
The passing of the Road Management Act 2004 granted the responsibility of overall management and development of Victoria's major arterial roads to VicRoads: in 2004, VicRoads re-declared the road as Flemington Road (Arterial #5044), beginning at Boundary Road at Parkville and ending at Peel Street in the Melbourne CBD.
Facilities
The road provides access to several notable medicine and medical research institutions, as well as other facilities, particularly in the southeastern portion. It is a major healthcare precinct, containing many of inner Melbourne's hospitals. Some of these facilities are listed below, from north-westernmost to south-easternmost:
Royal Park
Royal Children's Hospital
University of Melbourne Western Precinct
Building 400 (Veterinary Preclinical Sciences)
Bio21 Institute
Royal Women's Hospital
Frances Perry Private Hospital
Royal Melbourne Hospital
Victorian Comprehensive Cancer Centre
Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre
Transport
Flemington Road consists of four motor vehicle lanes, two in each direction, and two tram tracks, one in each direction. These tracks are within 'Zone 1' and are serviced by Yarra Trams route numbers 57, 58, and 59. The extreme north-west of Flemington Road is adjacent to Flemington Bridge railway station, which is on the Upfield railway line.
Major intersections
Flemington Road is entirely contained within the City of Melbourne local government area.
See also
References
Streets in Melbourne
Hadi Abdul Jabbar (born 26 January 1930) is a retired Iraqi weightlifter. He competed in the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1930 births
Possibly living people
Weightlifters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Iraqi male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iraq
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Mākaro Press is a New Zealand publisher based in Wellington. It was founded in 2013 and has published several award-winning books including Auē by Becky Manawatu.
History
Mākaro was founded in 2013 by novelist and editor Mary McCallum and her son Paul Stewart. McCallum had been editing an anthology of writers from Eastbourne and decided to publish it herself, with her son joining to assist with the project.
Over the first five years of its operation, Mākaro published over seventy books in a variety of genres including both fiction and non-fiction. In 2014 it published the best-selling The Book of Hat by Harriet Rowland, a young woman suffering from terminal cancer, which received a Storylines Notable Book Award and was a finalist in the non-fiction category at the 2015 New Zealand Book Awards for Children and Young Adults. Rowland died shortly after the book was released.
In 2018, McCallum and Stewart decided to focus on publishing New Zealand debut fiction, because of the challenges faced by first-time novelists in New Zealand. Together with Sarah Bolland, they set up a separate publisher called the Cuba Press to focus on other works, and Mākaro pivoted to publishing one fiction book per year.
Since its change in direction, Mākaro has published three books that won top awards at the Ockham New Zealand Book Awards: Auē by Becky Manawatu (winner of the Jann Medlicott Acorn Prize for Fiction and the award for best first book in 2020), Victory Park by Rachel Kerr (winner of the award for best first book in 2021), and The Sound of Breaking Glass by Kirsten Warner (winner of the award for best first book in 2019). Auē also won the 2020 Ngaio Marsh Award for Best Crime Novel. Auē had been rejected by several publishers before being accepted by Mākaro, and the editing process took a year, with six revisions.
Publishing awards
In 2020, Paul Stewart received the Young NZ Publisher of the Year for his work with Mākaro and the Cuba Press.
Mākaro Press won the Nielsen Book Publisher of the Year at the Aotearoa Book Industry Awards in 2021. The judging panel described the publisher as having "made outstanding contributions to NZ literature".
References
External links
Official website
Book publishing companies of New Zealand
2013 establishments in New Zealand
Publishing companies established in 2013
Mass media in New Zealand
Decatur County (county code DC) is a county located in Northwest Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,764. Its county seat and most populous city is Oberlin. The county is named in honor of Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Decatur County was established March 20, 1873 and organized on December 15, 1879. It is named for the Navy war hero Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr., who served during the First Barbary War and the Second Barbary War and the War of 1812.
In 1878, the Sappa Creek valley in Decatur county was the scene of the last raid by Native Americans (Indians) in Kansas. In the Northern Cheyenne Exodus after the Battle of Punished Woman's Fork, a band of Cheyenne needing horses and provisions raged through the valley, killing more than 30 civilians and raping several women. Several Cheyenne elderly, women, and children were also killed in the region by soldiers and civilians. In Oberlin, the Decatur County Last Indian Raid Museum commemorates the Cheyenne raid.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.07%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Red Willow County, Nebraska (north)
Furnas County, Nebraska (northeast)
Norton County (east)
Sheridan County (south)
Thomas County (southwest)
Rawlins County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,472 people, 1,494 households, and 981 families residing in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,821 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.87% White, 0.52% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.12% Pacific Islander, 0.37% from other races, and 0.89% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.98% of the population.
There were 1,494 households, out of which 25.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.00% were married couples living together, 5.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.30% were non-families. 32.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.60% under the age of 18, 4.70% from 18 to 24, 22.90% from 25 to 44, 22.60% from 45 to 64, and 26.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,257, and the median income for a family was $34,982. Males had a median income of $25,139 versus $17,368 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,348. About 8.00% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.20% of those under age 18 and 6.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Decatur county is heavily Republican. The last time a democratic candidate carried the county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2002, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Oberlin USD 294
Communities
Cities
Clayton
Dresden
Jennings
Norcatur
Oberlin
Unincorporated places
Allison
Cedar Bluffs
Kanona
Leoville
Lyle
Traer
Townships
Decatur County is divided into twenty-five townships. The city of Oberlin is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Decatur County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Handbook of Decatur County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 25 pages; 1885.
Standard Atlas of Decatur County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 80 pages; 1921.
Standard Atlas of Decatur County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 69 pages; 1905.
External links
County
Decatur County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Decatur County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Scopula neophyta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
The wingspan is 21–23 mm. The forewings are white with a tinge of brown and with sparse blackish irroration. The hindwings are also white with an ill-defined postmedian line of brown or blackish vein-dots.
References
Moths described in 1922
neophyta
Moths of South America
Církvice may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Církvice (Kolín District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Církvice (Kutná Hora District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
NuGeneration (NuGen) was a company that planned to build a new nuclear power station nearby the Sellafield nuclear site in the United Kingdom. The proposed site was called Moorside, and is to the north and west of Sellafield. On 8 November 2018, Toshiba announced their withdrawal from the project and intent to liquidate NuGen.
History
NuGen was established in February 2009 as a joint venture between ENGIE (formerly GDF Suez), Iberdrola and Scottish and Southern Energy (SSE). The initial holdings in NuGen were ENGIE and Iberdrola each with 37.5% and SSE with 25%.
The company announced plans to build a new nuclear power station of up to 3.6GW capacity adjacent to the Sellafield complex in North West England. In October 2009, it purchased an option to acquire land around Sellafield from the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority for £70 million. The company planned to make a final investment decision in 2015 with a view to starting production in 2023. When it began, NuGen evaluated building either two Areva 1,650 MWe EPR or three Westinghouse 1,100 MWe AP1000 reactors.
In September 2011, SSE announced that it was leaving the consortium, with ENGIE and Iberdrola buying SSE out to increase their stakes to 50% each.
Westinghouse ownership
In December 2013, Toshiba, through its Westinghouse subsidiary, agreed to pay £85 million for Iberdrola's 50% share of NuGen. Toshiba also intends to purchase part of ENGIE's stake, giving it 60% ownership. The change in ownership will cause the chosen new build reactor to the Westinghouse 1,100 MWe AP1000, with a target first operation date of 2024.
In June 2014, Toshiba and ENGIE announced plans for three AP1000s at Moorside at a cost of at least £10 billion. The build is planned to start in 2020, with a target of having the first reactor operating in 2024. Sandy Rupprecht, who had headed development of the Westinghouse AP1000 reactor, will be the new chief executive of NuGen. The final investment decision will probably be made in 2018.
In 2015, NuGen re-located its headquarters to Manchester.
In July 2015, NuGen purchased the land near Sellafield it had an option on, approximately 200 hectares, for an undisclosed sum.
The AP1000 design requires Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) Generic Design Assessment, which was initially planned to finish in March 2017. However as of November 2016 the ONR noted there was a "very large amount of assessment to complete with issues still emerging". Slippage of the completion date is likely.
In February 2017 the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun reported that Toshiba, following financial difficulties in 2016, wished to sell its shares in Westinghouse and NuGen over the next few years, although Toshiba stated to remain committed to the project. Korea Electric Power Corporation, who build the APR-1400 reactor, expressed an interest in purchasing Toshiba's 60% share of NuGen, subject to suitable sale conditions.
On 29 March 2017 Toshiba placed Westinghouse in Chapter 11 bankruptcy because of $9 billion of losses from its nuclear reactor construction projects, mostly the construction of four AP1000 reactors in the United States. Following on from this, on 4 April 2017, ENGIE exercised its contractual right to sell its 40% stake in NuGen to Toshiba for $138 million, leaving Toshiba as sole owner. A strategic review of the Moorside project is being conducted, including discussions about the involvement of South Korean government backed Korea Electric Power Corporation.
Proposed Kepco ownership
In December 2017 Korea Electric Power Corporation (Kepco) was announced as the preferred bidder to acquire NuGen, with a target date for the purchase of early 2018. Kepco would aim to build APR-1400 reactors, which would require an Office for Nuclear Regulation Generic Design Assessment.
In July 2018 Kepco's preferred bidder status was terminated, and in September 2018 NuGen announced that it would reduce staffing by 60% with remaining staff focusing on the sale of the project.
Liquidation
On 8 November 2018, Toshiba announced they would be withdrawing from the project and liquidating NuGen.
NuGen was dissolved on 23 December 2021.
See also
Economics of new nuclear power plants
Nuclear power in the United Kingdom
Energy use and conservation in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Toshiba
Engie
Energy companies established in 2009
Nuclear power companies of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 2009
British companies disestablished in 2021
Dinteloord en Prinsenland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant, now part of the municipality of Steenbergen. The main town of the municipality was Dinteloord.
Dinteloord en Prinsenland was a separate municipality until 1997.
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1997
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Steenbergen
Gilbert Alexander Ralston (January 5, 1912 – March 18, 1999) was a British-American screenwriter, journalist and author. He was a television producer in the 1950s and a screenwriter in the 1960s. He created the television series The Wild Wild West and wrote scripts for Star Trek, Gunsmoke, Ben Casey, I Spy, Hawaii Five-O and Naked City. He wrote the screenplay for the 1971 movie Willard, which was based on the 1968 novel Ratman's Notebooks written by Stephen Gilbert.
Early life and career
Ralston was born in 1912 in Newcastle, Ireland (now Northern Ireland) in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
In the 1950s he worked as a television producer in the United States. In the 1960s, he worked as a television screenwriter, according to the IMDb website. Willard was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award in 1972 for Best Motion Picture.
He died on March 18, 1999, in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, of congestive heart failure.
Television screenwriter
Ralston was a screenwriter for many of the top television shows in the United States in the 1960s. He wrote the script for the 1967-Star Trek episode "Who Mourns for Adonais?", which is a line from Adonais (1821), the elegiac poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley. He also wrote scripts for Ben Casey, Laredo, I Spy, The Big Valley, Gunsmoke, The Naked City, Combat, Hawaii Five-O and The Wild Wild West
The Wild Wild West
Ralston helped create the television series The Wild Wild West and wrote the pilot episode, "The Night of the Inferno". In 1997, aged 85, Ralston sued Warner Brothers over the upcoming motion picture based on the series (Wild Wild West was released in 1999). In a deposition, Ralston explained that, in 1964, he was approached by producer Michael Garrison, who '"said he had an idea for a series, good commercial idea, and wanted to know if I could glue the idea of a western hero and a James Bond type together in the same show."
Ralston said he then created the Civil War characters, the format, the story outline and nine drafts of the script that was the basis for the television series. It was his idea, for example, to have a secret agent named Jim West who would perform secret missions for U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant.
Ralston's experience brought to light a common Hollywood practice of the 1950s and 60s, where television writers who helped create popular series allowed producers or studios to take credit for a show, thus depriving the writers of any royalties.
Outcome of court case
Ralston died in 1999 before his lawsuit was settled. Warner Brothers ended up paying Ralston's family between $600,000 and $1.5 million.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1912 births
1999 deaths
American male screenwriters
American television producers
British male screenwriters
American television writers
British emigrants to the United States
People from County Down
People from Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
American male television writers
20th-century American businesspeople
Screenwriters from South Carolina
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century British screenwriters
Deaths from congestive heart failure
Kora language may refer to:
the Korana language of South Africa
the Aka-Kora language of the Andaman Islands
The Koda language of eastern India, sometimes called Kora
Astragalus acutirostris is a species of milkvetch known by the common name sharpkeel milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert and surroundings of California, Nevada, and Arizona, where it grows in dry, sandy, gravelly areas.
Description
Astragalus acutirostris is an annual legume growing a hairy reddish stem no more than 30 centimeters long along the ground or slightly upright. The small leaves are made up of several pairs of small oblong leaflets, each less than a centimeter long and often with notched tips. The inflorescence contains one to six white or pinkish-tinted pealike flowers, each with a banner that curves back.
The fruit is a slightly curved, narrow legume pod 1 to 3 centimeters long. The pod is thin-walled and coated sparsely in white hairs like the rest of the plant.
References
External links
Jepson Manual - Astragalus acutirostris
USDA Plants Profile: Astragalus acutirostris
Astragalus acutirostris - Photo gallery
acutirostris
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Arizona
Flora of the California desert regions
Plants described in 1885
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
John Angus Hickman (born 10 September 1945) is a British-French cancer pharmacologist.
Career
After a lectureship in Liverpool, he returned to Aston University in 1977, where shortly afterwards the Cancer Research UK Campaign (now CRUK) established their Experimental Cancer Chemotherapy Group. The preclinical activity of antitumour drug Temozolomide (Temodal), synthesised by Robert Stone with Malcolm Stevens, was then discovered by Drs. Hickman, Langdon and Gibson.
In 1982 he spent 18 months in the Department of Pharmacology at Yale University where with Thomas R. Tritton he suggested that cell membrane signalling could be a target for anticancer drugs, an iconoclastic idea at that time. In 1989 he co-organised the first foreign American Association for Cancer Research Special Meeting in Cambridge UK on anticancer drugs targeting cell signalling. He moved to Manchester University's School of Biological Sciences in 1989 as the Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) Professor of Molecular Pharmacology where he directed a research group investigating the role of apoptosis in cancer drug sensitivity and resistance. Hickman initiated and was director of a joint laboratory with ICI Pharmaceuticals (becoming Zeneca) and the School of Biological Sciences.
He became head of the Division of Physiology, Pharmacology and Toxicology in the School of Biological Sciences and was a co-founder of the Manchester University Biotechnology Incubator, whose restaurant was called “Hickmans”. After short sabbaticals at Northwestern University in Evanston, Oxford University and two summers periods at Woods Hole Marine Biology Laboratory,
Hickman left Manchester for Paris in 1999 to head a new cancer drug discovery group at the private pharmaceutical company Servier, largely focussing on the discovery of drugs inhibiting the anti-apoptotic proteins BCL-2 and MCL-13,4. Retiring in 2010 he then coordinated a European Union Innovative Medicines project PREDECT investigating preclinical models that better represented the complexity of cancer. He now writes about the challenges of drug therapy for cancer, the limitations of preclinical models and the social hegemony of the pharmaceutical industry. He works with the group Consilium Scientific.
Research work
He proposed directions for cancer drug discovery, suggesting cell signalling as drug targets in the early 1980s and in the 1990s the investigation of the role of apoptosis (cell death) in determining the sensitivity and resistance of cancer cells to anticancer drugs. He led teams that discovered anticancer drugs inhibiting proteins that regulate apoptosis.
Books
Apoptosis and cancer chemotherapy. Totowa, N.J.: Humana Press. 1999. ISBN 9780896037434.
Cancer chemotherapy. Oxford: Blackwell Scientific Publications. 1993. ISBN 9780632034413.
References
External links
Living people
1945 births
British pharmacologists
Alumni of King's College London
Yale School of Medicine alumni
Marty Belafsky (born September 19, 1975) is an American actor/comedian born in Los Angeles, California. He began acting professionally at age 13 and was soon cast as Louis Plumb on the short-lived NBC series Hull High. Shortly thereafter, Belafsky landed the role of Crutchie in the Disney musical film, Newsies. He continued acting through his teens, making appearances in such television shows as The Wonder Years, Great Scott and Step By Step and the film Wrestling Ernest Hemingway. Belafsky also voiced Kent Swanson in the video game series Dead Rising released in 2006.
Education
In 1993, Belafsky took some time off from acting to attend Brown University, where he honed his comedic skills in the improvisation comedy troupe, Improvidence. Following graduation, Belafsky returned to Hollywood.
Stand-up
He started doing stand-up comedy at The Laugh Factory, and was soon discovered by comedy legend, Rodney Dangerfield. Dangerfield hand-picked Belafsky to be his opening act at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas and later gave him starring roles in two of his films, Back By Midnight and The 4th Tenor.
Films
Since then, Belafsky has been featured in such films as Pearl Harbor, Evolution, America's Sweethearts, Back by Midnight, Men in Black II, A Mighty Wind and Funny Money. He has also been featured on television, including a series regular role in MTV's The Lyricist Lounge Show, as well as guest appearances on Still Standing, Six Feet Under and Boston Legal. Belafsky has done over 40 commercials and continues to tour nationally throughout the U.S.
Filmography
Funny Money (2006)
Boston Legal (2005) (TV)
Still Standing (2004) (TV)
Back by Midnight (2004)
A Mighty Wind (2003)
The 4th Tenor (2002)
Men in Black II (2002)
America's Sweethearts (2001)
Six Feet Under (2001) (TV)
Evolution (2001)
Pearl Harbor (2001)
The Lyricist Lounge Show (2000) (TV)
Step By Step (1998) (TV)
Wrestling Ernest Hemingway (1993)
Breaking the Rules (1992)
Newsies (1992)
Hull High (1990) (TV)
The Wonder Years (1989) (TV)
References
External links
1975 births
Male actors from Los Angeles
American male comedians
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Brown University alumni
Living people
Comedians from California
21st-century American comedians
Arthur W. Perdue Stadium is a baseball stadium in Salisbury, Maryland. It is the home of the Baltimore Orioles Low-A East affiliate Delmarva Shorebirds. Named for the founder of Perdue Farms, Arthur Perdue, it features the Eastern Shore Baseball Hall of Fame. The stadium seats 5,200 fans and opened in 1996.
As the second-largest seating venue in Salisbury, it also occasionally is used for concerts or other events. Until 2016, the larger Wicomico Youth and Civic Center had a real covenant against serving alcohol. As such, the stadium was chosen as the venue for Fernando Guerrero's middleweight title-winning boxing match in October 2009.
The University of Maryland Eastern Shore Hawks of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC) played their 2018 and 2019 seasons at Perdue Stadium while Hawk Stadium in Princess Anne was renovated. Perdue Stadium hosted the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament from 2015 to 2017.
In 1998, the stadium hosted the Delmarva Rockfish, a team in the single-season Maryland Fall Baseball league.
Renovations
Perdue Stadium has undergone renovations, including a total field replacement, new seating, new video scoreboard, and a wraparound 360 degree decks, beginning in 2014. In June 2019 it was announced that at the beginning of August the protective netting behind home plate would be extended from the nearends of each dugout to the far ends of each dugout.
References
External links
Perdue Stadium | Delmarva Shorebirds Arthur W. Perdue Stadium
Arthur W. Perdue Stadium Views – Ball Parks of the Minor Leagues
Sports venues in Maryland
Minor league baseball venues
Buildings and structures in Salisbury, Maryland
Tourist attractions in Wicomico County, Maryland
Sports venues completed in 1996
Baseball venues in Maryland
1996 establishments in Maryland
College baseball venues in the United States
Maryland Eastern Shore Hawks baseball
Perdue family
Carolina League ballparks
During the Vietnam War, the U.S. confirmed 206 aircraft lost to North Vietnamese surface-to-air missiles.
However, some of the U.S. aircraft "crashed in flight accidents", in fact, were lost to S-75 missiles. When landing at an airfield in Thailand, one B-52 was heavily damaged by a SAM, rolled off the runway and exploded on mines that had been installed around the airfield for protection from enemy attacks; only one crewman survived. Subsequently, this B-52 was counted as "crashed in flight accidents". According to Dana Drenkowski and Lester W. Grau, the number of U.S. aircraft lost, confirmed by the U.S. is uncorroborated since the U.S. figures are also suspect. If a plane was badly damaged, but managed to land, the USAF did not normally count it as an aerial combat loss, even if it was too damaged to fly again.
During the Vietnam war, the Soviet Union deployed missile operators along with 95 S-75 systems and 7,658 missiles to the North Vietnamese. From 1965 thru 1967 Soviet missilemen downed nearly 50 U.S. attack or reconnaissance jet aircraft. 6,806 missiles were launched or removed because they were outdated (including 5,800 launches). In total, the U.S. lost 3,374 fixed wing aircraft in combat during the war; in both North and South Vietnam. According to the North Vietnamese, 31% were shot down by S-75 missiles (1,046 aircraft, or 6 missiles per one kill); 60% were shot down by anti-aircraft guns; and 9% were shot down by MiG fighters. The S-75 missile system significantly improved the effectiveness of North Vietnamese anti-aircraft artillery, which used data from S-75 radar stations
The following is a list of 205 U.S. aircraft lost to surface-to-air missiles during the Vietnam War (confirmed by the U.S.)
References
Sources
Axe, David. Drone War Vietnam. Pen & Sword, Military. Great Britain. 2021.
Davies, Peter. F-105 Wild Weasel Vs SA-2 "Guideline" SAM Vietnam 1965-1973. Osprey 2011.
Hobson, Chris. Vietnam Air Losses, United States Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps Fixed-Wing Aircraft Losses in Southeast Asia 1961-1973, 2001, Midland Publishing, Great Britain. .
Michel III, Marshal L. Clashes, Air Combat Over North Vietnam 1965-1972.'' Naval Institute Press. 1997.
Aircraft losses
US aircraft losses|Aircraft losses, U.S.
Ferdinand Jacobus van Ingen (8 December 1933 – 27 February 2021) was a Dutch scholar of Germanistics. He was a professor of German literature at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam between 1972 and 1998.
Life
Van Ingen was born on 8 December 1933 in Maartensdijk. He studied German studies, literary science, art history and musicology at Utrecht University, the Free University of Berlin and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He obtained his PhD in 1962 from Utrecht University.
From 1957 to 1962 he was a scientific assistant at the Institute for German Language and Literature in Utrecht. In 1964 van Ingen became a lecturer at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. In 1970 he became associate professor and in 1972 full professor for new German literature. He retired in 1998.
Van Ingen published on German and Dutch literature of the 17th century. He was known for his work on the Baroque time and contributed to expanding the Herzog August Library in Wolfenbüttel. Van Ingen was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1978.
He died in Zeist on 27 February 2021.
References
1933 births
2021 deaths
Germanists
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from De Bilt
Utrecht University alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam faculty
The 2020 Belgian Athletics Championships (, ) are the year's national outdoor track and field championships for Belgium. These are being held from 14 August to 16 August at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels, with the exception of the hammer throw events which took place in Kessel-Lo. The national championships in 10,000 metres and women's 3000 metres steeplechase took place on Saturday 27 September in Braine-l'Alleud. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no supporters were present at any of the events.
Results
Men
Women
References
BK Alle Categorieen-CB Toutes Categories. LiveResults. Retrieved 2020-08-16.
Championnats LRBA 10000M & 3000M Steeple Dames (F3063). liveathletics, 2020-09-27
External links
French Belgian Athletics Federation website
Flemish Belgian Athletics Federation website
Belgian Athletics Championships
Belgian Athletics Championships
Belgian Athletics Championships
Belgian Athletics Championships
Belgian Athletics Championships
Sports competitions in Brussels
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1593.
Events
Ongoing – London theatres remain closed for almost the whole year as a result of the previous year's outbreak of bubonic plague. In the summer, Edward Alleyn and other actors make a provincial tour. Some performances take place in the winter, when plague tends to abate. Lord Strange's Men act three times in January a play called Titus – perhaps Shakespeare's Titus Andronicus.
After April – William Shakespeare's Venus and Adonis probably becomes his first published work, printed from his own manuscript. In his lifetime it will be his most frequently reprinted work: at least nine times.
May 5 – "Dutch church libel" bills posted in London threaten Protestant refugees from France and the Netherlands, alluding to Christopher Marlowe's plays.
May 12 – The English dramatist Thomas Kyd is arrested over the "Dutch church libel". "Atheist" literature found in his home is claimed to be Marlowe's.
May 18 – A warrant for the arrest of Christopher Marlowe is issued. On May 20 he presents himself to the Privy Council.
May 29 – The Welsh-born Protestant John Penry is executed for involvement in the Marprelate Controversy.
May 30 – Christopher Marlowe is stabbed to death by a speculator, Ingram Frizer, in a dispute over a bill at a lodging house in Deptford kept by the widow Eleanor Bull.
New books
Prose
Bible of Kralice, first complete translation of Bible into Czech
Fray Juan de Plasencia – Doctrina Christiana, first book published in the Philippines, in Spanish and Tagalog
John Eliot – Ortho-epia Gallica
Claudius Hollyband (Claude de Sainliens) – A Dictionarie French and English
Richard Hooker – Of the Lawes of Ecclesiastical Politie
Antonio Possevino – Bibliotheca selecta
Drama
Daniel Cramer – Plagium
Thomas Kyd (probably, perhaps with Shakespeare) – The Raigne of King Edward the Third (approximate date)
George Peele – Famous Chronicle of King Edward the First
George Peele (possibly) – The Life and Death of Jack Straw (first published)
Poetry
Barnabe Barnes – Parthenophil and Parthenophone
Anthony Chute – Beauty Dishonoured, written under the title of Shore's wife
Michael Drayton
Idea: The Shepherd's Garland
The Legend of Piers Gaveston
William Shakespeare – Venus and Adonis
Thomas Watson (posthumously, as T. W.) – The Tears of Fancie, or Love Disdained (sonnets)
Births
April 3 – George Herbert, Welsh-born poet (died 1633)
May 20 – Salomo Glassius, German theologian (died 1656)
Unknown date – Robert Creighton, Scottish classicist, politician and bishop (died 1672)
Approximate year – Aodh Buidhe Mac an Bhaird (Hugh Ward), Irish poet and hagiographer (died 1635)
Deaths
January 12 – Amadis Jamyn, French poet (born 1538)
February 6 – Jacques Amyot, French translator (born 1513)
May 30 – Christopher Marlowe, English dramatist and poet (born 1564)
August 19 – Antonio Veneziano, Italian poet writing in Sicilian (born 1543)
Unknown date – Jeong Cheol, Korean poet and statesman (born 1536)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Surabaya–Mojokerto Toll Road or Sumo Toll Road, () is a part of Trans-Java toll road in Java, Indonesia, that length of the toll road is 36.1 kilometres.
This toll road connects the city of Surabaya (the largest city in East Java) and Mojokerto Regency, in the west this toll road is connected with Kertosono–Mojokerto Toll Road.
History
The construction of this toll road began in 2007. Parts of the toll that has been operating is the 2.3-kilometre section IA (Waru–Sepanjang, inaugurated 27 August 2011) as well as the 18.47-kilometre section IV (Krian–Mojokerto, inaugurated 19 March 2016). While sections IB 4.3 km (Sepanjang-WRR), II 5.1 km (WRR-Driyorejo), and III 6.1 km (Driyorejo–Krian) are planned to be fully operational in 2017.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo inaugurated Section 1B, 2 and 3 of the toll road on 19 December 2017. Thus the total length of the toll road now fully operational. The exits on the Surabaya-Mojokerto toll are Waru, Sepanjang, WORR, Driyorejo, Krian, and Mojokerto.
Sections
Sumo Toll Road has the following sections,
Section 1A : 2.3 km of toll road connecting Waru and Sepanjang,
Section 1B : 4.3 km of toll road connecting Sepanjang and Western Ring Road;
Section 2 : 5.1 km of toll road connecting Western Ring Road and Driyorejo;
Section 3 : 6.1 km of toll road connecting Driyorejo and Krian; and
Section 4 : 18.47 km of toll road connecting Krian and Mojokerto.
Exits
References
Toll roads in Indonesia
Transport in East Java
Morris Fairchild "Ben" Arnold (January 5, 1915 - December 3, 1992) served as suffragan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts from 1972 to 1982.
Early life and education
Arnold was born on January 5, 1915, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the son of LeRoy Arnold and Kate Fairchild. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts magna cum laude from Williams College in 1936, and a Master of Divinity cum laude from the Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1940. He was awarded a Doctor of Divinity by Kenyon College in 1961 and another by Williams College in 1972.
Family
Arnold married Margaret Day Bradley on June 14, 1937, and together had a son and a daughter. After their divorce, Arnold married Harriet Borda Schmidgall, in January 1978.
Ordained Ministry
Arnold was ordained deacon in June 1940, and priest in December 1940 by Bishop Henry Knox Sherrill of Massachusetts. He served as priest-in-charge of St John's Church in Saugus, Massachusetts between 1940 and 1943. He then served as chaplain in the United States Army and United States Army Air Forces during WWII, between 1943 and 1945, after which he became rector of Grace Church, Medford, Massachusetts. where he remained till 1950. Subsequently, he also served as chaplain at Tufts College in Boston between 1945 and 1950. He went on to become rector at Christ Church in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1950, where he served until his election as bishop.
Bishop
Arnold was initially elected as Suffragan Bishop of California on February 3, 1959, however, he declined the election. He was elected again, this time as Suffragan Bishop of Massachusetts in 1971, and accepted. He was consecrated a bishop on January 29, 1972, in Trinity Church by Presiding Bishop John E. Hines. His episcopacy was characterized with advocacy on housing, poverty and other social issues. He retired in 1982. Arnold died on December 3, 1992.
See also
Succession of Bishops of The Episcopal Church (U.S.)
Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts
References
Episcopal bishops of Massachusetts
1915 births
1992 deaths
World War II chaplains
Williams College alumni
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American clergy
Summer Idyll (German: Sommeridylle) is a 1916 Austrian silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Liane Haid, Hermann Benke and Max Neufeld.
Cast
Margarete Thumann
Liane Haid
Hermann Benke
Hans Rhoden
Karl Baumgartner
Otto Kreisler
Max Neufeld
Hermann Romberg
References
Bibliography
Parish, Robert. Film Actors Guide. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
1916 films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian drama films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1916 drama films
Silent drama films
Luciano Floridi (; born 16 November 1964) is an Italian and British philosopher. He holds a double appointment as Professor of Philosophy and Ethics of Information at the University of Oxford, Oxford Internet Institute where is also Governing Body Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, and as Professor of Sociology of Culture and Communication at the University of Bologna, Department of Legal Studies, where he is the Director of the Centre for Digital Ethics. He is Adjunct Professor ("Distinguished Scholar in Residence"), Department of Economics, American University, Washington D.C.
Floridi is best known for his work on two areas of philosophical research: the philosophy of information, and information ethics (also known as digital ethics or computer ethics).
Between 2008 and 2013, he held the Research Chair in philosophy of information and the UNESCO Chair in Information and Computer Ethics at the University of Hertfordshire. He was the founder and director of the IEG, an interdepartmental research group on the philosophy of information at the University of Oxford, and of the GPI the research Group in Philosophy of Information at the University of Hertfordshire. He was the founder and director of the SWIF, the Italian e-journal of philosophy (1995–2008). He is a former Governing Body Fellow of St Cross College, Oxford.
Early life and education
Floridi was born in Rome in 1964, and studied at Rome University La Sapienza (laurea, first class with distinction, 1988), where he was originally educated as a historian of philosophy. He soon became interested in analytic philosophy and wrote his tesi di laurea (roughly equivalent to an M.A. thesis) in philosophy of logic, on Michael Dummett's anti-realism. He obtained his Master of Philosophy (1989) and PhD degree (1990) from the University of Warwick, working in epistemology and philosophy of logic with Susan Haack (who was his PhD supervisor) and Michael Dummett. Floridi's early student years are partly recounted in the non-fiction book The Lost Painting: The Quest for a Caravaggio Masterpiece, where he was "Luciano". During his graduate and postdoctoral years, he covered the standard topics in analytic philosophy in search of a new methodology. He sought to approach contemporary problems from a heuristically powerful and intellectually enriching perspective when dealing with lively philosophical issues. During his graduate studies, he began to distance himself from classical analytic philosophy. In his view, the analytic movement had lost its way. For this reason, he worked on pragmatism (especially Peirce) and foundationalist issues in epistemology and philosophy of logic.
Academic career
He was a lecturer in Philosophy at the University of Warwick in 1990–1991. He joined the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Oxford in 1990 and the OUCL (Oxford's Department of Computer Science) in 1999. He was Junior Research Fellow in Philosophy at Wolfson College, Oxford University (1990-1994), Frances Yates Fellow in the History of Ideas at the Warburg Institute, University of London (1994–1995) and Research Fellow in Philosophy at Wolfson College, Oxford University (1994-2001). During these years in Oxford, he held lectureships in different Colleges. Between 1994 and 1996, he also held a post-doctoral research scholarship at the Department of Philosophy, University of Turin. Between 2001 and 2006, he was Markle Foundation Senior Research Fellow in Information Policy at the Programme in Comparative Media Law and Policy, Oxford University. Between 2002 and 2008, he was Associate Professor of Logic at the Università degli Studi di Bari. In 2006, he became Fellow by Special Election of St Cross College, Oxford University, where he played for the squash team. In 2008, he was appointed full professor of philosophy at the University of Hertfordshire, to hold the newly established research chair in philosophy of information and, since 2009, the UNESCO Chair in Information and Computer Ethics.
In his first book, Scepticism and the Foundation of Epistemology, Floridi was already looking for a concept of subject-independent knowledge close to what he now identifies as semantic information. During his postdoctoral studies, as a Junior Research Fellow of Wolfson College, Oxford University, he began to embrace a more Neo-Kantian philosophy, which led him to spend one academic year in Marburg, where he focused on Ernst Cassirer's version of Neo-Kantianism. He began working exclusively on what is now known as the philosophy of information during his years as Research Fellow, still at Wolfson College.
Philosophy
According to Floridi, it is necessary to develop a constructionist philosophy, where design, modelling and implementation replace analysis and dissection. Shifting from one set of tasks to the other, philosophy could then stop retreating into the increasingly small corner of its self-sustaining investigations and hence reacquire a wider view about what really matters. Slowly, Floridi has come to characterise his constructionist philosophy as an innovative field, now known as the philosophy of information, the new area of research that has emerged from the computational/informational turn.
Floridi approaches the philosophy of information from the perspectives of logic and epistemology (theoretical), and computer science, IT and Humanities Computing (theoretical).
For example, in the Preface of Philosophy and Computing, published in 1999, he wrote that the book was meant for philosophy students who need IT literacy to use computers efficiently or indispensable background knowledge for the critical understanding of our digital age. The latter provides a basis for the would-be branch of philosophy, the philosophy of information. PI, or PCI (Philosophy of Computing and Information), became his major research interest.
Floridi's perspective is that there is a need for a broader concept of information, which includes computation, but not only computation. This new framework provides a theoretical framework within which to make sense of various lines of research that have emerged since the fifties. The second advantage is PI's perspective on the development of philosophy through time. In his view, PI gives us a much wider and more profound perspective on what philosophy might have actually been doing throughout the centuries.
Currently, Floridi is working on two areas of research: computer ethics (see the entry information ethics) and the concept of information. Key to this area of work is the claim that ICT (Information and Communications Technology) is radically re-engineering or re-ontologizing the infosphere.
Recognitions and awards
2007
Fellow by Special Election of St Cross College, University of Oxford
2008
Ethics and Information Technology, Springer, published a special issue in two numbers dedicated to his work.
First philosopher to be awarded the Gauss Professorship by the Göttingen Academy of Sciences.
2009
Winner of the American Philosophical Association's Barwise Prize
The APA's Newsletter dedicates two issues to his work.
Elected Fellow of the Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour (SSAISB).
Appointed UNESCO Chair in Information and Computer Ethics.
2010
Appointed Editor-in-chief of Springer's new journal
Metaphilosophy, Blackwell-Wiley, published a special issue dedicated to his work.
University of Hertfordshire, Vice Chancellor Award 2010: "Highly commended for research supporting engagement with business, the profession and partner organisations".
Elected Fellow of the Center for Information Policy Research, University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
Knowledge, Technology and Policy, Springer, published a special issue dedicated to his work.
2011
Laurea honoris causa in Philosophy, University of Suceava, Romania, for "foundational research on the philosophy of information".
2012
AISB/IACAP World Congress (in Honor of Alan Turing, 1912–1954), dedicates its "Author Meets Critics Session" to Luciano Floridi's "The Philosophy of Information".
Winner of the International Association for Computing And Philosophy - IACAP's Covey Award for "outstanding research in computing and philosophy".
Philosophy of Technology and Engineering, Springer, published a collection of essays dedicated to "Luciano Floridi's Philosophy of Technology - Critical Reflections".
2013
Winner of the International Society for Ethics and Information Technology - INSEIT's Weizenbaum Award for "significant contribution to the field of information and computer ethics, through his or her research, service, and vision."
Elected member of the Internationale de Philosophie des Sciences
Minds and Machines, Springer, is preparing a special issue dedicated to his work, entitled Philosophy in the Age of Information: A Symposium on Luciano Floridi's The Philosophy of Information (Oxford, 2011)
Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Artificial Intelligence, Taylor & Francis, is preparing a special issue dedicated to his work, entitled Inforgs and the Infosphere: Themes from Luciano Floridi's Philosophy of Artificial Intelligence.
2014
Cátedras de Excelencia Prize by the University Carlos III of Madrid
2015
Fernand Braudel Senior Fellowship of the European University Institute
2016
Copernicus Scientist Award by the Institute of Advanced Studies of the University of Ferrara
J. Ong Award by the Media Ecology Association for the book The Fourth Revolution
Malpensa Prize, by the city of Guarcino, Italy
2017
Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences (FAoSS)
2018
Ryle Lectures 2018
IBM's Thinker Award 2018
CRUI's Premio Conoscenza 2018
2020
Honorary doctor of Informatics, University of Skövde, Sweden, for his efforts within "digitalisation for sustainable development".
Books
Augmented Intelligence — A Guide to IT for Philosophers. (in Italian) Rome: Armando, 1996.
Scepticism and the Foundation of Epistemology - A Study in the Metalogical Fallacies. Leiden: Brill Publishers, 1996.
Internet - An Epistemological Essay. (in Italian and in French) Milan: Il Saggiatore, 1997.
Philosophy and Computing: An Introduction . London/New York: Routledge, 1999.
Sextus Empiricus, The Recovery and Transmission of Pyrrhonism. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2002.
The Blackwell Guide to the Philosophy of Computing and Information. (editor) Oxford: Blackwell, 2003.
Philosophy of Computing and Information: 5 Questions. (editor) Automatic Press / VIP, 2008.
Information. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2010. A volume for the Very Short Introduction series.
The Cambridge Handbook of Information and Computer Ethics. (editor) Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010.
The Philosophy of Information. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2011.
The Ethics of Information. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013.
"The Fourth Revolution: How the Infosphere is Reshaping Human Reality". Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2014.
The Logic of Information Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2019.
Podcasts and videos
A full collection is available on the website of the Oxford Internet Institute, University of Oxford
The Fourth Revolution, a TED presentation, April 4, 2011.
Relevant Information, the SIRLS/Thomson Scientific ISI Samuel Lazarow Memorial lecture, University of Arizona, USA, February 8, 2007.
A Look into the Future of ICT North American Computing and Philosophy Conference, August 10–12, 2006, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USA.
Where are we in the philosophy of information?, June 21, 2006, University of Bergen, Norway.
The Logic of Information , presentation , discussion , Télé-université (Université du Québec), 11 May 2005, Montréal, Canada.
From Augmented Intelligence to Augmented Responsibility, North American Computing and Philosophy Conference, January 24, 2002, Oregon State University, USA.
Artificial Evil and the Foundation of Computer Ethics, presentation, discussion, CEPE2000 Computer Ethics: Philosophical Enquiry, July 14–16, 2000, Dartmouth College, USA.
Interview for SuchThatCast - Philosophers' Podcast (August 27, 2012).
"Luciano Floridi on The Fourth Revolution" – podcast of an interview with Nigel Warburton (June 29, 2009).
See also
Digital physics
Information theory
Logic of information
Philosophy of artificial intelligence
Philosophy of technology
Philosophy of information
Notes
External links
Home page and articles online
"We dislike the truth and love to be fooled" - Interview of Luciano Floridi on Cyceon, 21 November 2016
Interview for RAI International, Taccuino Italiano, 5 March 2008 (in Italian)
Interview for the American Philosophical Association — Philosophy And Computing Newsletter
Biography, in English
1964 births
20th-century educational theorists
20th-century essayists
20th-century Italian historians
20th-century Italian male writers
20th-century Italian non-fiction writers
20th-century Italian philosophers
21st-century educational theorists
21st-century essayists
21st-century Italian historians
21st-century Italian male writers
21st-century Italian non-fiction writers
21st-century Italian philosophers
Academics of the University of Hertfordshire
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Analytic philosophers
Artificial intelligence ethicists
Artificial intelligence researchers
Computer science writers
Contemporary philosophers
Cultural critics
Education writers
Epistemologists
Fellows of St Cross College, Oxford
Fellows of the SSAISB
Fellows of Wolfson College, Oxford
Internet theorists
Italian educational theorists
Italian ethicists
Italian historians of philosophy
Italian logicians
Italian male essayists
Italian male non-fiction writers
Italian social commentators
Italian technology writers
Literacy and society theorists
Living people
Members of the Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford
Members of the International Academy of Philosophy of Science
Metaphilosophers
Metaphysicians
Metaphysics writers
Moral philosophers
Ontologists
Philosophers of culture
Philosophers of education
Philosophers of ethics and morality
Philosophers of history
Philosophers of logic
Philosophers of science
Philosophers of social science
Philosophers of technology
Philosophy academics
Philosophy of artificial intelligence
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
Social critics
Social philosophers
Theorists on Western civilization
Writers about globalization
Charles Geddes Clarkson Hyslop (29 December 1900 – 13 November 1988) was a 20th-century British architect, trained at the British School in Rome. Linked with the Bloomsbury set, his work, mostly in the classical style, was fashionable amongst the British upper classes and intelligentsia in the years immediately surrounding World War II. He is remembered today as a restorer of country houses and a designer of knowledgeable pastiches.
Architecture
Hyslop began his architectural career during the early 1930s. His connections with the Bloomsbury Set and a circle of friends, which included such Victoria Sackville-West, Harold Nicolson and James Lees-Milne, ensured his access to the leading society patrons and aesthetes of the day.
One of his earliest works, in 1933, was on the St. Helier estate, a new planned community, extending Morden, Surrey to the south and east. Geddes designed the community's modernistic brick Bishop Andrewe's Church, Wigmore Road.
In 1934, The 2nd Lord Faringdon employed Hyslop to remodel Buscot Park and restore it to an approximation of an 18th-century appearance. This was achieved by removing the 19th century extensions and alterations which obscured the clean and simple lines of the neoclassical house. To restore some of the space lost by the demolition of a large wing, Hyslop created two flanking pavilions in a classical style, "which
suit the house to perfection", John Julius Norwich observed, with temple fronts to the south and north. The pavilions and house were given a unified composition by linking high box hedging, complete with topiary pilasters. The interior of the mansion received a similar treatment: Victorian decoration was removed and 18th century ceilings, fireplaces and motifs were acquired and installed. Small rooms were merged to accentuate the sense of light and space needed to accommodate Lord Faringdon's large political houseparties.
At Buscot, and in smaller neo-Georgian settings, Hyslop introduced actual Georgian fittings. At Great Swifts, near Cranbrook, Kent, a neo-Georgian house that Hyslop designed for MP Victor Cazalet about 1936, he installed an early 18th-century staircase from Tangier House, Taunton, and brought in fine wall panelling from Ashley Park, Walton-on-Thames, and a rococo chimneypiece from a house at Blackheath, London.
During World War II Major Hyslop, Royal Engineers, as he was commissioned, saw service in North Africa, where he headed up the Antiquities Department of British forces in 1944–45. He was employed converting Greenlands, Hambleden, Buckinghamshire as a Government administrative staff college in 1945, occasioning the loss of some apparently not–very–characteristic or notable interior work by Norman Shaw; the commission was extended to include conversion of the north range to dormitory bedrooms in 1946, the conversion of the stable block to a library in 1951, and development of a freestanding dormitory on a butterfly-wing-plan, with a "bold flying staircase", in 1955.
Hyslop's preference for working in the classical styles was severely tested in the years of austerity and building restrictions immediately following World War II. This is most apparent in Cambridge, where he designed a student hostel, King's College: West Road: Garden Hostel. Built between 1948 and 1950, its utilitarian austerity is softened by the adjacent King's College Fellows' Garden. Despite the imposed restrictions, Hyslop still managed to impart some classical ideals of proportion and height through the use of brick pilasters; further reference to an earlier form of architecture is provided by oeil-de-boeuf windows on the floors above the entrance.
Building on his functional college works, Geddes was commissioned as architect for the Staff College at Henley-on-Thame.
The post–war work was not all austerity, however, as some wealthy patrons still existed. The Countess of Rosebery, one of the founders of the Edinburgh Festival, in 1950, persuaded her husband, the Earl of Rosebery, buoyed by his mother's fortune, to have the Rosebery's Scottish seat, Dalmeny House, restored. Considered one of Scotland's finest houses, the mansion had been damaged by fire during the war. The resultant work, executed "sensitively" according to Hugh Montgomery-Massingberd and Christopher Sykes, involved the use of older materials such as original bookcases and 18th century fireplaces imported from elsewhere.
Another postwar commission was at Daylesford House, the house built by S.P. Cockerell for the Indian nabob Warren Hastings.
Further works included: Roydon Hall, East Peckham, Kent, the seat of Mr Ralph M. Cook.; alterations to the west front of Greenlands, Temple Island in 1936–38; 41 Kensington Square for Mrs Thomas Lowinsky; works at Somerville College, Oxford; and a Garden Hostel, King's College, Cambridge.
Private life
Hyslop lived in an 18th-century house in Canonbury Place, Canonbury, Islington, London with the one time New Statesman editor and art critic, Raymond Mortimer. Some ephemeral essays on architects and architecture by Geddes Hyslop appeared from time to time in The New Statesman, in part through this connection.
Geddes Hyslop died in 1989.
Legacy
Geddes Hyslop's contribution to British architecture was his talent for designing buildings in complete empathy with their surroundings. In part, he achieved this by the re-use of materials salvaged from older buildings faced with demolition, this is especially true of his interiors.
Hyslop did not design huge futuristic buildings intended to startle the senses, but works that were almost unremarkable, in the sense that their harmony with adjacent buildings, rendered them part of an existing composition. Yet his work was remarkable, for showing a complete understanding of proportion, perspective and historical accuracy.
Notes
References
Cambridge 2000 project Retrieved 7 October 2009.
Princeton University Library, Manuscripts Division Retrieved 7 October 2009
Taylor Patrick. "Buscot Park". The Oxford Companion to Gardens. Ed. Patrick Taylor. Oxford University Press 2006.
Architects from London
British neoclassical architects
English interior designers
1988 deaths
1900 births
People from Hendon
The following is a list of the 50 most populous incorporated cities in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population is according to the 2018 census estimates from the United States Census Bureau.
References
Municipalities
Lindomar Ferreira de Oliveira (born November 20, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
J2 League players
Albirex Niigata players
Association football forwards
The 2020 Summer Olympics women's park skateboarding competition occurred on 4 August 2021 at Ariake Urban Sports Park in Tokyo, Japan.
It was originally scheduled to be held in 2020, but on 24 March 2020, the Olympics were postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Sakura Yosozumi and Kokona Hiraki of Japan won the gold and silver medals, with Sky Brown of Great Britain winning the bronze medal.
Qualification
Competition format
In the prelims, the twenty participating skateboarders were sorted into four heats of five skaters each. Each each skater did three 45-second runs in their designated heat. The best run score of each skater's three runs built a ranking. The eight top-ranked skaters from the combined ranking of the heats qualified for the final.
Results
Semifinals
The top 8 skateboarders of 20 advanced to the finals.
Final
See also
Skateboarding at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's park
Skateboarding at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's street
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX freestyle
References
Skateboarding at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Women's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Synochoneura sapana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish mixed with brownish costally and in the apical area where it is dotted brownish. The postmedian area is pale pinkish brown tinged cream at the termen. The hindwings are brownish grey, but yellowish cream at the apex.
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Moths of Asia
Men with Brooms is the soundtrack album to the Canadian film Men with Brooms, released in 2002.
Track listing
Sarah Harmer with The Tragically Hip, "Silver Road" (2:48)
Kathleen Edwards, "Hockey Skates" (4:25)
The Tragically Hip, "Throwing Off Glass" (3:27)
Our Lady Peace, "Life" (4:22)
The New Pornographers, "Mass Romantic" (4:03)
Sean MacDonald, "God" (2:34)
Big Sugar, "Diggin' a Hole" (4:37)
Tom Wilson, "Planet Love" (2:52)
Matthew Good Band, "Hello Time Bomb" (3:55)
Pepper Sands, "Can U Tell" (3:13)
Chantal Kreviazuk, "Leading Me Home" (4:37)
Paul Gross, "Kiss 'Til You Weep" (3:40)
Holly McNarland, "Watching Over You" (3:44)
The Tragically Hip, "Oh Honey" (2:17)
Jack Lenz, "Men With Brooms Theme" (3:53)
2002 soundtrack albums
Tambu may refer to:
Tambu (musical genre), a genre of music from the Caribbean
Tambu (album), a 1995 album by the band Toto
Tambu, a fictional island in the Australian drama The Lost Islands
Mount Tambu, New Guinea, site of the Battle of Mount Tambu
Tambu, a 1979 novel by Robert Asprin.
Tambu or Tabu, the shell money of the Tolai people.
Dungri railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Dungri railway station is 9 km far away from Valsad railway station. Mostly, Passenger and MEMU trains halt at Dungri railway station, but 19033/34 Valsad–Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express is only express train which halts here in both direction.
See also
Valsad district
References
Railway stations in Valsad district
Mumbai WR railway division
Lujhu District () is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Lujhu was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Lujhu was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Zhuhu, Dingliao, Xinda, Houxiang, Beiling, Shexi, Jiabei, Jianan, Xiakeng, Zhuyuan, Zhutung, Zhuxi, Wenbei, Wennan, SanyevYaliao, Shetung, Shezhong, Zhunan and Shenan Village.
Politics
The district is part of Kaohsiung City Constituency II electoral district for Legislative Yuan.
Education
Kao Yuan University
Shu Zen College of Medicine and Management
Transportation
TRA Dahu Station
TRA Luzhu Station
Tourist attractions
Yijia Guanyin Temple
Huashan Temple (dedicated to Lord Ningjing)
Notable natives
Wang Jin-pyng, President of Legislative Yuan (1999-2016)
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Bordelonville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 525.
Bordelonville is located along Bayou des Glaises and Louisiana Highway 451, east of Marksville, the parish seat.
Demographics
Etymology
Bordelonville was named for Remi Bordelon, who was instrumental in getting the town a post office.
References
Census-designated places in Louisiana
Census-designated places in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
Choose My Life-U is the fifth studio album by S.E.S., released on February 14, 2002 under S.M. Entertainment. It has sold approximately 400,000 copies. The record spawned two singles: "U" and "Just A Feeling (Remix Version)".
Track listing
Just A Feeling (Original Version) (3:48)
You Told Me (3:28)
U (3:23)
친구-두번째 이야기 (Friend-The Second Story) (4:11)
Choose My Life (3:32)
달리기 (Running) (3:32)
나도 남편이 있었으면 좋겠다 (I Wish I Had a Husband) (3:47)
Requiem (3:56)
기도 (Prayer) (4:31)
Red Angel (3:34)
용기 (Courage) (3:51)
잊지 못해 (I Can't Forget) (3:32)
내게로 (To Me) (4:08)
Just A Feeling (Remix Version) (3:35)
U - Japanese Version (Japan Release Only) (3:23)
Accolades
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
2002 albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
SM Entertainment albums
Arminiya, also known as the Ostikanate of Arminiya (, Arminia vostikanut'yun) or the Emirate of Armenia (, imārat Arminiya), was a political and geographic designation given by the Muslim Arabs to the lands of Greater Armenia, Caucasian Iberia, and Caucasian Albania, following their conquest of these regions in the 7th century. Though the caliphs initially permitted an Armenian prince to represent the province of Arminiya in exchange for tribute and the Armenians' loyalty during times of war, Caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan introduced direct Arab rule of the region, headed by an ostikan with his capital in Dvin. According to the historian Stephen H. Rapp in the third edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam:
History
Early period: the Arab conquest of Armenia
The details of the early conquest of Armenia by the Arabs are uncertain, as the various Arabic sources conflict with the Greek and Armenian sources, both in chronology and in the details of the events. However, the broad thrust of the Arab campaigns is consistent between the sources, allowing for a reconstruction of events by modern scholars.
According to the Arabic sources, the first Arab expedition reached Armenia in 639/640, on the heels of their conquest of the Levant from the Byzantines and the start of the Muslim conquest of Persia. The Arabs were led by Iyad ibn Ghanim and penetrated as far as Bitlis. A second expedition occurred in 642, only to be defeated and pushed out of the country. After this setback, the Arabs only undertook a raid from Adharbayjan in 645, led by Salman ibn Rabi'a, but this only touched the Armenian borderlands. The Muslim sources place the actual conquest of the country in 645/646, under the command of Habib ibn Maslama al-Fihri. The Arabs first moved against the western, Byzantine portion of the country, captured Theodosiopolis and defeated a Byzantine army, before subduing the Armenian princes around Lake Van and marching onto Dvin, the capital of the former Persian portion of Armenia. Dvin capitulated after a few days of siege, as did Tiflis further north in Caucasian Iberia. During the same time, another Arab army from Iraq, under Salman ibn Rabi'a, conquered Caucasian Albania (Arran).
Although Arab sources imply that the country was henceforth effectively under Arab rule, modern historians generally consider the contemporary account of the Armenian bishop Sebeos, partly corroborated by the Byzantine chronicler Theophanes the Confessor more reliable, and have proposed different reconstructions of the early Arab raids between 640 and 650, based on a critical reading of the sources; it is clear, however, that the country did not submit to Arab rule at this time.
Armenian histories report that the Arabs first arrived in 642, penetrating to the central region of Ayrarat, and sacked Dvin, returning with over 35,000 captives. In 643, the Arabs invaded again from the direction of Arran, ravaged Ayrarat and reached Iberia, but were defeated in battle by the Armenian leader Theodore Rshtuni and forced back. After this success, Rshtuni was recognized as ruler of Armenia by the Byzantine emperor Constans II, in exchange for accepting Byzantine suzerainty. When Constans' truce with the Arabs ended in 653, however, to avoid a new Arab invasion, Rshtuni voluntarily agreed to submit to Muslim overlordship. Emperor Constans then campaigned in person in Armenia, restoring Byzantine rule, but soon after his departure in early 654 the Arabs invaded the country. With their assistance, Rshtuni evicted the Byzantine garrisons from Armenia and secured Arab recognition as presiding prince of Armenia, Iberia, and Albania. The Byzantines under general Maurianos tried to recover control of the region, but without success. In 655, even Byzantine Armenia was invaded, and the Arabs occupied Theodosiopolis (Arabic Qaliqala) and cemented their control of the country by taking Rhstuni to Damascus, where he died in 656, and appointing his rival Hamazasp Mamikonian in his stead. However, with the outbreak of the First Muslim Civil War in 657, effective Arab authority in the country ceased, and Mamikonian returned to Byzantine overlordship almost immediately.
In 661, however, Mu'awiya, now the victor of the Muslim civil war, ordered the Armenian princes to re-submit to his authority and pay tribute. In order to avoid another war, the princes complied. The Arab policy of demanding that the tribute be paid in money had an effect on Armenian economy and society. Coins were struck in Dvin. The Armenians were forced to produce a surplus of food and manufactured goods for sale. A strong urban life was developed in Caucasia as the economy revived.
Establishment of direct Muslim control
For most of the second half of the 7th century, Arab presence and control in Armenia was minimal. Armenia was considered conquered land by the Arabs, but enjoyed de facto autonomy, regulated by the treaty signed between Rhstuni and Mu'awiya. Indeed, as Aram Ter-Ghewondyan comments, under Arab suzerainty "the country enjoyed a degree of independence such as it had not known since the fall of the Arsacids" in the 5th century. According to the terms of the treaty, the Armenian princes were submitted to—relatively low—taxation and the obligation to provide soldiers when requested, for which the princes were to be paid an annual subsidy of 100,000 dirhams. In exchange, no Arab garrison or official was installed in Armenian lands, and Arab assistance was even promised in the event of Byzantine attack.
The situation changed in the reign of the caliph Abd al-Malik (). Beginning in 700, the Caliph's brother and governor of Arran, Muhammad ibn Marwan, subdued the country in a series of campaigns. Although the Armenians rebelled in 703 and received Byzantine aid, Muhammad ibn Marwan defeated them and sealed the failure of the revolt by executing the rebel princes in 705. Armenia, along with the principalities of Caucasian Albania and Iberia (modern Georgia) was grouped into one vast province called al-Arminiya (الارمينيا), with its capital at Dvin (Arabic Dabil), which was rebuilt by the Arabs and served as the seat of the governor (ostikan) and of an Arab garrison. For much of the remaining Umayyad period, Arminiya was usually grouped together with Arran and the Jazira (Upper Mesopotamia) under a single governor into an ad hoc super-province.
Arminiya was governed by an emir or wali headquartered at Dvin, whose role however was limited to defence and the collection of taxes: the country was largely run by the local princes, the nakharar. The province was divided into four regions: Arminiya I (Caucasian Albania), Arminiya II (Caucasian Iberia), Arminiya III (the area around Aras River), Arminiya IV (Taron). The local nobility was headed, as in Sasanian times, by a presiding prince (ishkhan), a title which in the 9th century, beginning probably with Bagrat II Bagratuni, evolved into the title of "prince of princes" (ishkhan ishkhanats′). Acting as the head of the other princes, the ishkhan was answerable to the Arab governor, being responsible for the collection of the taxes owed to the caliphal government and the raising of military forces when requested.
A census and survey of Arminiya was undertaken , followed by a significant increase in taxation so as to finance the Caliphate's increasing military needs in the various fronts. The Armenians participated with troops in the hard-fought campaigns of the Second Arab–Khazar War in the 720s and 730s. As a result, in 732, governor Marwan ibn Muhammad (the future Caliph Marwan II) named Ashot III Bagratuni as the presiding prince of Armenia, an act which essentially re-confirmed the country's autonomy within the Caliphate.
Abbasid period until 884
With the establishment of the Abbasid Caliphate after the Abbasid Revolution, a period of repression was inaugurated. This was followed by Caliph al-Mansur revoking the privileges and abolishing the subsidies paid to the various Armenian princes (the nakharars) and imposing harsher taxation, leading to the outbreak of another major rebellion in 774. The revolt was suppressed in the Battle of Bagrevand in April 775. The failure of the rebellion saw the near-extinction, reduction to insignificance or exile to Byzantium of some of the most prominent nakharar families, most importantly the Mamikonian. In its aftermath, the Caliphate tightened its grip on the Transcaucasian provinces: the nobility of neighbouring Iberia was also decimated in the 780s, and a process of settlement with Arab tribes began which by the middle of the 9th century led to the Islamization of Caucasian Albania, while Iberia and much of lowland Armenia came under the control of a series of Arab emirates. At the same time, the power vacuum left by the destruction of so many nakharar clans was filled by two other great families, the Artsruni in the south (Vaspurakan) and the Bagratuni in the north.
Despite several insurrections, the Emirate of Armenia lasted until 884, when the Bagratuni Ashot I, who had managed to win control over most of its area, declared himself "King of the Armenians". He received recognition by Caliph Al-Mu'tamid of the Abbasid dynasty in 885 and Byzantine Emperor Basil I of the Macedonian dynasty in 886.
Ashot was swiftly able to expand his power. Through family links with the two next most important princely families, the Artsruni and the Siwnis, and through a cautious policy towards the Abbasids and the Arab emirates of Armenia, by the 860s he had succeeded in becoming in fact, if not yet in name, an autonomous king.
Arab governors of Armenia
Early governors
These are reported as governors under the Caliphs Uthman (r. 644–656) and Ali (r. 656–661), as well as the early Umayyads:
Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman
Mughira ibn Shu'ba
al-Qasim ibn Rabi'a ibn Umayya ibn Abi al-Salt al-Thaqafi
Habib ibn Maslama al-Fihri
al-Ash'ath ibn Qays al-Kindi (ca. 657)
Al-Muhallab ibn Abi Sufra (ca. 686)
Emirs (Ostikans)
With the submission of Armenia to Muhammad ibn Marwan after 695, the province was formally incorporated into the Caliphate, and an Arab governor (ostikan) installed at Dvin:
Muhammad ibn Marwan (c. 695–705), represented by the following deputies:
Uthman ibn al-Walid ibn Uqba
Abdallah ibn Hatim al-Bahili
Abd al-Aziz ibn Hatim al-Bahili (706–709)
Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik (709–721)
Al-Jarrah ibn Abdallah (721–725)
Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik (725–729)
Al-Jarrah ibn Abdallah (729–730)
Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik (730–732)
Marwan ibn Muhammad (732–733)
Sa'id ibn Amr al-Harashi (733–735)
Marwan ibn Muhammad (735–744)
Ishaq ibn Muslim al-Uqayli (744–750)
Abu Ja'far Abdallah ibn Muhammad (750–753)
Yazid ibn Asid ibn Zafir al-Sulami (753–755)
Sulayman (755–?)
Salih ibn Subai al-Kindi (c. 767)
Bakkar ibn Muslim al-Uqayli (c. 769–770)
al-Hasan ibn Qahtaba (770/771–773/774)
Yazid ibn Asid ibn Zafir al-Sulami (773/774–778)
Uthman ibn 'Umara ibn Khuraym (778–785)
Khuzayma ibn Khazim (785–786)
Yusuf ibn Rashid al-Sulami (786–787)
Yazid ibn Mazyad al-Shaybani (787–788)
Ubaydallah ibn al-Mahdi (788–791) (?)
Abd al-Qadir (791)
Al-Fadl ibn Yahya al-Barmaki (791–793)
Umar ibn Ayyub al-Kinani (793)
? (793)
Khalid ibn Yazid al-Sulami (793–794)
Al-Abbas ibn Jarir ibn Yazid al-Bajali (794)
Musa ibn Isa ibn Musa al-Hashimi (794–795)
Yahya ibn Sa'id al-Harashi (795)
Ahmad ibn Yazid ibn Usayd al-Sulami (795–797)
Sa'id ibn Salm al-Bahili (797–799)
Nasr ibn Habib al-Muhallabi (799)
Ali ibn Isa ibn Mahan (799)
Yazid ibn Mazyad al-Shaybani (799–801)
Asad ibn Yazid al-Shaybani (801–802)
Muhammad ibn Yazid al-Shaybani (802–803)
Khuzayma ibn Khazim (803–?)
Sulayman ibn Yazid (807–808)
Asad ibn Yazid al-Shaybani (c. 810)
Ishaq ibn Sulayman al-Hashimi (c. 813)
Khalid ibn Yazid ibn Mazyad al-Shaybani (813–?) (828–832), (841), (c. 842–844)
Muhammad ibn Khalid al-Shaybani (c. 842/844–?)
Abu Sa'id Muhammad al-Marwazi (849–851)
Yusuf ibn Abi Sa'id al-Marwazi (851–852)
Bugha al-Kabir (852–855)
Muhammad ibn Khalid al-Shaybani (857–862)
Ali ibn Yahya al-Armani (862–863)
al-Abbas ibn al-Musta'in (863–865)
Abdallah ibn al-Mu'tazz (866–867)
Abi'l-Saj Devdad (867–870)
Isa ibn al-Shaykh al-Shaybani (870–875, nominally until 882/3)
Ja'far Al-Mufawwid (875–878)
Muhammad ibn Khalid al-Shaybani (878)
Presiding princes of Armenia
Mjej II Gnuni Մժեժ Բ Գնունի, 628–635
David Saharuni Դավիթ Սահառունի, 635–638
Theodore Rshtuni Թէոդորոս Ռշտունի, 638–645
Varaztirots II Bagratuni Վարազ Տիրոց Բ Բագրատունի, 645
Theodore Rshtuni Թէոդորոս Ռշտունի, 645–653, 654–655
Mushegh II Mamikonian Մուշէղ Բ Մամիկոնեան, 654
Hamazasp II Mamikonian Համազասպ Բ Մամիկոնեան, 655–658
Gregory I Mamikonian Գրիգոր Ա Մամիկոնեան, 662–684/85
Ashot II Bagratuni Աշոտ Բ Բագրատունի, 686–690
Nerses Kamsarakan Ներսէս Կամսարական, 689–691
Smbat VI Bagratuni Սմբատ Զ Բագրատունի, 691–711
Ashot III Bagratuni Աշոտ Գ Բագրատունի, 732–748
Gregory II Mamikonian Գրիգոր Բ Մամիկոնեան, 748–750
Sahak VII Bagratuni Սահակ Է Բագրատունի, 755–761
Smbat VII Bagratuni Սմբատ Է Բագրատունի, 761–775
Ashot IV Bagratuni Աշոտ Դ Բագրատունի, 806–826
Bagrat II Bagratuni Բագրատ Բ Բագրատունի, 830–851
Ashot V Bagratuni Աշոտ Ա Հայոց Արքայ, Աշոտ Ե իշխան Հայոց, 862–884
See also
Greater Armenia
Islam in Armenia
Notes
Sources
Robert H. Hewsen. Armenia: A Historical Atlas. Univ. of Chicago Press, Chicago, 2001, Pp. 341.
Garbis Armen. Historical Atlas of Armenia. A. N. E. C., New York, 1987, Pp. 52.
George Bournoutian. A History of the Armenian People, Volume I: Pre-History to 1500 AD, Mazda Publishers, Costa Mesa, 1993, Pp. 174.
John Douglas. The Armenians, J. J. Winthrop Corp., New York, 1992.
Former emirates
885 disestablishments
States and territories established in the 7th century
States and territories disestablished in the 9th century
States in medieval Anatolia
Former principalities
Subdivisions of the Abbasid Caliphate
Subdivisions of the Umayyad Caliphate
David Alan Burkholder (October 21, 1936 – October 12, 1999) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962. He played college football at the University of Minnesota. In 1999, Burkholder died of cancer, aged 62.
References
1936 births
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
1999 deaths
Medal of Poglavnik Ante Pavelić for Bravery () is founded as a "visible sign of decoration for acts of personal bravery in combat". Poglavnik of Croatia has awarded with this medal officers, NCOs and soldiers of Croatian Armed Forces who showed personal bravery in combat. It was possible that medal be awarded to members of foreign armed forces, and those members were needed to be involved in combat along with Croatian soldiers. Medal for bravery had four grades:
Golden medal for bravery
It was worn on unusual created ribbon which hung from the second upper button. Holder of the Golden medal for bravery had right on title "Knight" ("Vitez"). Golden medal for bravery was awarded to only seven persons and five of them was awarded posthumous. Also, two Golden medals for bravery were awarded to flags of two Croatian units.
Great silver medal for bravery
It was worn on triangle ribbon which hung on the left chest.
Croatian citizens, which have been awarded with Great silver or Golden bravery medal had monthly allowance.
There was also Small silver medal and Bronze medal of Poglavnik Ante Pavelić for bravery which were massively awarded.
Creator of this medal is famous Croatian sculptor Ivo Kerdić.
Recipients
Golden Medal for bravery
Nine medals were awarded:
Artillery Lance Sergeant Marijan Banovac
Ustaša Captain Mijo Babić
Ustaša Colonel Jure Francetić
Infantry Major Juraj Bobinac
Ustaša Major Krunoslav Devčić
Air Force Lieutenant Cvitan Galić
General Eduard Bona-Bunić
Kladanj Battalion
369th Croatian Reinforced Infantry Regiment
Sources
Hrvatska odlikovanja (mr. sc. Stjepan Adanić, general-bojnik Krešimir Kašpar, prof. Boris Prister, prof. Ivan Ružić)
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Independent State of Croatia
Awards established in 1941
1941 establishments in Croatia
Awards disestablished in 1945
1945 disestablishments in Croatia
"Somebody Needs You" is a song written by Motown songwriter Frank Wilson. It was originally released as a non-album track by R&B duo Ike & Tina Turner on Loma Records in May 1965. In 1966, soul singer Darrell Banks reached the Billboard charts with his rendition.
Characterized by a "driving rock" melody, Cash Box described Ike & Tina Turner's single as a "Detroit styled throbber." A live version was included on the album The Ike & Tina Turner Show Vol. 2 (Loma Records, 1967). The song later appeared on the compilation Finger Poppin'…The Warner Brothers Years (Edsel Records, 1988).
Darrell Banks version
Darrell Banks released a version titled "Somebody (Somewhere) Needs You" on Revilot Records in September 1966. His record reached No. 55 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 34 on the R&B chart. Reviewing the single, Billboard (October 1, 1966) wrote: "Moving is the word for the new Darrell Banks disk and there's no holding it back. Should be his second smash!"
The song appeared on his debut album Darrell Banks Is Here!, released by Atco Records in 1967.
Chart performance
References
1965 songs
1965 singles
Ike & Tina Turner songs
Songs written by Frank Wilson (musician)
1966 singles
Northern soul songs
Warner Records singles
Joseph Singer may refer to:
Joseph Singer (politician) (1890–1967), Toronto city councillor, lawyer and figure in the city's Jewish community
Joseph Singer (bishop) (1786–1866), Irish Anglican bishop
Joseph W. Singer, American legal theorist
The Lanao del Norte Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Lanao del Norte.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Lanao del Norte.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Maria Cristina Atay (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Lanao del Norte
Provincial boards in the Philippines
204001–204100
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204101–204200
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204201–204300
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204301–204400
|-id=370
| 204370 Ferdinandvaněk || || Ferdinand Vaněk, a fictitious character in the play Audience by Czech writer, philosopher and dissident Václav Havel ||
|}
204401–204500
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204501–204600
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204601–204700
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
204701–204800
|-id=702
| 204702 Péquignat || || (1669–1740), one of the most popular heroes for people living in Jura Switzerland. ||
|-id=710
| 204710 Gaoxing || 2006 GE || Gao Xing (born 1974), a Chinese amateur astronomer and founder of the Xingming Observatory of Ürümqi. ||
|-id=711
| 204711 Luojialun || 2006 GN || Luo Jialun (1897–1969) was a Chinese educator, historian, thinker and diplomat. He was President of National Central University from 1932 to 1941. ||
|-id=786
| 204786 Wehlau || || William Henry Wehlau (1926–1995), an American-born Canadian astronomer ||
|}
204801–204900
|-id=805
| 204805 Šipöcz || || Tibor Šipöcz (born 1950) is a Slovak physicist and senior lecturer, formerly at the Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics, Comenius University in Bratislava. ||
|-id=816
| 204816 Andreacamilleri || 2007 OZ || Andrea Camilleri (1925–2019), an Italian writer, screenwriter and director who received a number of honorary degrees from several Italian universities ||
|-id=831
| 204831 Levski || || Vasil Levski (1837–1873), national hero of Bulgaria and styled the Apostle of Freedom. ||
|-id=836
| 204836 Xiexiaosi || || Xie Xiaosi (1905–2008), known as the Guardian of World Cultural Heritage, was a famous Chinese garden landscape artist and painter. ||
|-id=839
| 204839 Suzhouyuanlin || || Suzhou Yuanlin, Suzhou Chinese-style gardens, are typical ancient gardens with traditional Chinese architectures and cultures. ||
|-id=842
| 204842 Fengchia || || Feng Chia University, located in central Taiwan, is a university characterized by educational excellence and breakthrough research. ||
|-id=852
| 204852 Frankfurt || || The German city of Frankfurt in Hesse ||
|-id=873
| 204873 FAIR || || The Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research (FAIR), an international science center for studying the building blocks of matter and the evolution of the universe ||
|-id=896
| 204896 Giorgiobocca || || Giorgio Bocca (1920–2011), an Italian essayist and journalist, also known for his participation in the World War II partisan movement. ||
|}
204901–205000
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
References
204001-205000
ENC may refer to:
Eastern Naval Command of the Indian Navy
Eastern Nazarene College in Quincy, Massachusetts
Eastern North Carolina
Effective number of codons
Electronic navigational chart
En language
ENC (company), a bus manufacturer previously known as ElDorado National–California
ENC Press, an American publishing company
Encapsulin
Enfield Chase railway station, in London
Equality North Carolina, an American LGBT advocacy group
Escuela Nacional de Cine, a film school in Caracas, Venezuela
European Nations' Cup (disambiguation)
Nancy-Essey Airport, in France
Nygmet Nurmakov (, 25 April 1895 – 27 September 1937) was a Kazakhstani politician who served as a prime minister of Kazakhstan from October 1924 – February 1925.
In 1926, he was accused of supporting ethnic nationalism and exiled from Kazakhstan.
He was the chairman of the Council of People's Commissars.
References
1895 births
1937 deaths
Kazakhstani politicians
Prime Ministers of Kazakhstan
Soviet politicians
Edward Fairchild may refer to:
Edward Henry Fairchild (1815–1889), American educator
Edward T. Fairchild (judge) (1872–1965), American jurist and legislator
Edward Thomson Fairchild (1866–1917), President of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts
Ned Fairchild (1929–2015), pen name of Nelda Fairchild, American songwriter
State Bank of Pakistan Museum & Art Gallery is a museum on Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar Road in Karachi, established in 2004 to introduce the first Monetary Museum of Pakistan. The current State Bank of Pakistan Museum & Art Gallery building, previously the Imperial Bank of India, is a Greco Roman building in Jodhpuri Red Sandstone constructed in the 1920s by the British government. In 2004, the State Bank of Pakistan decided to adapt the building as a museum; work on the projects started in 2006 and was devoted to conservation of the building and acquisition of the collection.
Collection
Coins Gallery
The Coins Gallery displays the techniques with some original dies of coin making in Pakistan Mint, also include some old machines, the process of coin making along some tools, and a documentary covering the whole process of coin minting in Pakistan Mint. The Coin Gallery is divided into two parts, Pre Islamic Gallery and Islamic Gallery till to the Present-Day period Coinage.
The Pre Islamic Gallery exhibition starting from barter system, seals used as coins by the Indus valley people, punch-marked coins dated from 6th century B.C. The pre Islamic Gallery also displays some uncommon bar copper and silver coins, Indo Greeks including an uncommon bronze coin of Alexander the Great and several other unique coins, Indo Scythians, Indo Parthian, Kushans, Guptas, Indo Sassanians, Hindu Shahis.
The Islamic Gallery exhibition starts from the coinage of Arab Governors of Sindh, some uncommon Sultanate coins, Mughal coins, later Mughals, British Indian, and then coinage after 1947.
Currency Gallery
The Currency Gallery gives an overview of the origin of paper currency in the sub-continent, from early paper issues to polymer banknotes. The gallery of the museum displaying the history of Currency Notes in Pakistan and also includes the collection of historical, current and polymer banknotes of different countries around the world. The Currency Gallery includes the complete collection of Pakistani banknotes since its origination (1947–present).
See also
List of museums in Pakistan
References
External links
State Bank of Pakistan Museum & Art Gallery
2004 establishments in Pakistan
Art museums and galleries in Pakistan
History museums in Pakistan
Museums established in 2004
Museums in Karachi
Tourist attractions in Karachi
Museums of economics
Economic history of Pakistan
Banking in Pakistan
State Bank of Pakistan
Wilson Simonal de Castro, was a Brazilian singer, born in Rio de Janeiro on February 23, 1938. He died in São Paulo on June 25, 2000. He was a singer with great success in the 1960s and in the first half of the 1970s. He was married two times and had two sons: Wilson Simoninha and Max de Castro, both are artists today. He also had a daughter, named Patricia.
Although relatively unknown outside of South America, two of his biggest hits were successfully covered by Sérgio Mendes-- "País Tropical" and "Sá Marina" (the latter as "Pretty World" with English lyrics by Marilyn and Alan Bergman).
Discography
From Studio
1963 - Wilson Simonal Tem "algo mais"
1964 - A nova dimensão do samba
1965 - Wilson Simonal
1965 - S'imbora
1966 - Vou deixar cair...
1967 - Wilson Simonal ao vivo
1967 - Show em Simonal
1967 - Alegria, alegria !!!
1968 - Alegria, alegria - volume 2,ou Quem não tem swing morre com a boca cheia de formiga
1969 - Alegria, alegria - volume 3, ou Cada um tem o disco que merece
1969 - Alegria, alegria - volume 4, ou Homenagem à graça, à beleza, ao charme e ao veneno da mulher brasileira
1970 - Simona
1970 - México 70
1971 - Jóia, Jóia
1972 - Se dependesse de mim
1973 - Olhaí, balândro..é bufo no birrolho grinza!
1974 - Dimensão 75
1975 - Ninguém proíbe o amor
1977 - A vida é só cantar
1979 - Se to-do mundo cantasse seria bem mais fácil viver
1981 - Wilson Simonal
1985 - Alegria tropical
1991 - Os sambas da minha terra
1995 - Brasil
1998 - Bem Brasil - Estilo Simonal
Compact
1961 - Teresinha / Biquinis e borboletas (Carlos Imperial / Fernando César)
1962 - Eu te amo/ Beija,meu bem
1962 - Compacto Isto é Drink: Tem que balançar/ Olhou pra mim
1963 - Walk right in/ fale de samba que eu vou
1963 - Está nascendo um samba/ Garota legal
1965 - De manhã/ ...das rosas/ Cuidado cantor - Passarinho-Nega - Não ponha a mão
1966 - Se você gostou
1966 - Mamãe passou açúcar em mim/ Tá por fora
1966 - Compact in Spanish : Mamãe passou açúcar em mim/ A praça
1966 - A banda/ Disparada/ Quem sambafica/ Máscara negra
1967 - Tributo a Martin Luther King/ Deixa quem quiser falar
1967 - A praça/ Ela é demais
1967 - Balada do Vietnã/ O milagre
1968 - O samba do crioulo doido/ Alegria, alegria/ Pata, pata/ A rosa da roda
1968 - Correnteza/ A saudade mata a gente/ Terezinha de Jesus
1968 - A namorada de um amigo meu
1969 - Se você pensa
1970 - Na Tonga da mironga do Kabuletê/ No clarão da lua cheia
1970 - Compacto em italiano: País tropical/ Ecco il tipo (che io cercavo)
1970 - Kiki/ Menininhas do Leblon/ Aqui é o país do futebol/ Eu sonhei que tu estavas tão linda
1970 - Brasil, eu fico/ Canção nº 21/Resposta/ Que cada um cumpra com o seu dever
1970 - Compacto Promo Shell: Hino do V Festival Internacional da Canção/ Brasil, eu fico/ Que cada um cumpra com o seu dever
1971 - Obrigado, Pelé
1971 - Na Galha do Cajueiro/Ouriço/ África África
Posthumous and collections
1994 - A Bossa e o Balanço
1997 - Meus momentos: Wilson Simonal
2002 - De A a Z : Wilson Simonal
2003 - Alegria, alegria
2003 - Se to-do mundo cantasse seria bem mais fácil viver (relançamento)
2004 - Rewind - Simonal Remix
2004 - Wilson Simonal na Odeon (1961-1971)
2004 - Série Retratos: Wilson Simonal
2009 - Wilson Simonal - Um Sorriso Pra Você
Soundtrack
2009 - Simonal - Ninguém Sabe o Duro Que Dei
References
External links
Detailed biography at AllMusic
1938 births
2000 deaths
Musicians from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian male singers
Jillian Rose Banks (born June 16, 1988), known mononymously as Banks (often stylized in all caps), is an American singer and songwriter. Following the release of two extended plays, Fall Over and London, in 2013, Banks released her debut album, Goddess, in 2014 to positive reviews from contemporary music critics. It reached number 12 on the US Billboard 200, while its most successful single, "Beggin for Thread", was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Her second studio album, The Altar, was released in September 2016 to a similar positive reception, becoming her second top 20 album in the United States. Her third album, III, was released in 2019. It became her most critically acclaimed release to date and peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200, as well as number 3 on the Top Albums Sales chart.
Life and career
Early life and education
Jillian Rose Banks was born on June 16, 1988, in Orange County, California. She moved to Los Angeles when she was one or two years old and lived in Tarzana, an affluent neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley. Banks started writing songs at the age of 15. She taught herself piano when she received a keyboard from a friend to help her through her parents' divorce. She says she "felt very alone and helpless. I didn't know how to express what I was feeling or who to talk to." She later enrolled to study psychology at the University of Southern California (USC), where she wrote a thesis on the children of divorced parents, eventually earning a bachelor's degree in psychology.
2013–2014: Breakthrough and Goddess
During Banks' time at USC she was put in contact with DJ Yung Skeeter, who offered to manage her and brought her to British label Good Years Recordings. After posting a track called "Before I Ever Met You" on a private SoundCloud page in February 2013, the song ended up being played by DJ Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1. Banks released her debut extended play (EP), Fall Over, internationally in March 2013 by Good Years Recordings. Billboard called her a "magnetic writer with songs to obsess over." Her second EP, London, was released in September 2013 by Harvest Records and Good Years Recordings to positive reviews from music critics. In an interview after the debut of her first album she posted her phone number on her social media accounts to be closer to her fans and have a more intimate connection to all of them. Her song "Waiting Game" from the EP was featured in the 2013 Victoria's Secret holiday commercial.
In late 2013, she received nominations for awards from both the BBC and MTV. She was nominated for a Sound of... award by the BBC and a Brand New Nominee by MTV. She was included on Shazam's list of "2014 Acts to Watch", as well as on iTunes' list of "New Artists for 2014". Banks was artist of the week for Vogue in August 2013 where they wrote that her songs "perfectly capture a feeling of being lost and powerless in the world." Banks has been tipped by several media outlets as the artist to watch in 2014, including Spin listing London as one of the "50 Albums You Gotta Hear in 2014" and being named as one of the artists under Spotify's Spotlight for 2014. Additional accolades came from The Boston Globe, Fuse, and The Huffington Post.
Banks was the opening act for Canadian singer The Weeknd during his fall 2013 tour, supporting him in both the United States and the United Kingdom. After finishing the tour with The Weeknd, she announced her own tour which began in the United Kingdom during March 2014. Banks was also a featured performer at the Coachella festival, taking place in April 2014, Bonnaroo and Open'er Festival in July 2014. In January 2015, Banks was part of the lineup for the 2015 St. Jerome's Laneway Festival, which toured Adelaide, Auckland, Brisbane, Detroit, Fremantle, Melbourne, Singapore and Sydney. On August 7, 2014, Banks made her television debut on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, performing "Beggin for Thread" and "Waiting Game".
Her debut album, Goddess, was released on September 5, 2014, and charted within the top 20 of several countries, including the UK, Australia, Germany, New Zealand and Sweden. In the US, the album debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200, selling 25,000 copies in its first week of release. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised her sonic ambition and the album's raw sound. It holds a score of 74 out of 100 on Metacritic. The album was supported by the release of four singles: "Brain", "Goddess", "Drowning", and "Beggin for Thread". "Drowning" peaked at number 48 on Billboards Rock Digital Songs chart, while "Beggin for Thread" reached number 11 on Billboards Alternative Songs chart, and numbers 80 and 64 in Australia and Germany, respectively.
The track "Waiting Game" was featured in the film Divergent, which was released in March 2014. Along with "Waiting Game", "You Should Know Where I'm Coming From" was featured in the October 9, 2014 episode of Grey's Anatomy, while the track "Goddess" was featured in the March 12, 2015 episode. "You Should Know Where I'm Coming From" was also featured on the ninth episode of Red Band Society. Her single "Beggin' for Thread" was featured in the third episode of the second season of The Originals. In June 2017, "Waiting Game" was used in the official trailer for Netflix's psychological thriller series Gypsy.
2015–2017: The Altar
On November 4, 2015, Banks released the single "Better", along with its accompanying music video. Banks toured with The Weeknd for a second time, opening for him on his The Madness Fall Tour across North America from November to December 2015. She announced on June 8, 2016, that she had finished work on her second album.
On July 12, 2016, Banks released "Fuck with Myself" as the lead single from her second studio album, titled The Altar. She premiered the track on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show, where she noted it was the last song she wrote for the album. "There are so many meanings to it", she said of the song. "It could be like, 'I fuck with myself', like, 'I mess with myself more than anybody else.' It could be, 'I fuck with myself', kind of like, 'I'm feeling myself.' It means a lot of different things that I think a lot of people can relate to." In an interview for Noisey, Vices music channel, Banks describes her conflict between self-criticism and self-love as the inspiration behind the track. The song received acclaim from music critics, and reached 29 on the US Rock Songs chart.
The second single from the album, "Gemini Feed", was released on August 2, 2016, and premiered on Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show. The song peaked at number 25 on the US Rock Songs chart. The album's third single, "Mind Games", was released on August 19, 2016, followed by "To the Hilt" on September 16, 2016.
The Altar was released on September 30, 2016. The album debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 with 14,220 copies sold in pure album sales, and at number 24 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 3,229 copies in its first week. The album also debuted at number eight in Australia and number 12 in Canada. The album received generally positive reviews from critics; it has a score of 70 on Metacritic.
A music video for "Trainwreck" was released on January 18, 2017. On February 24, 2017, Banks embarked on "The Altar Tour" in support of her sophomore album. It consisted of 68 dates and concluded on November 16, 2017. On April 7, 2017, Banks released the single "Crowded Places", which was featured in the penultimate episode of the HBO series Girls on April 9. Around this time, a collection of unreleased virtual reality experiences called "Three Points to the Recollection of My Future" was produced with Director Jenn Duong. The project was described as "an intense undertaking" that turned "various songs by the singer into a poetic, dance-driven interactive experience, which is an interesting experiment with the music video format."
Another single, titled "Underdog", was released on September 28, 2017. The track was premiered on Lowe's Beats 1 radio show. On November 14, Banks' collaboration with 6lack, "In Between", was unveiled as one of the three new tracks to celebrate the one-year anniversary of 6lack's debut album, Free 6lack. In 2018, "In Between" and "Poltergeist", a track from The Altar, were both featured on the soundtrack of the fifth season of Power.
2019–2020: III
In December 2018, Banks said she was working on an album to be released in 2019. On April 29, 2019, Banks released a new single titled "Gimme". The song debuted as Zane Lowe's World Record on Apple Music's Beats 1. On June 11, 2019, Banks released another single, "Look What You're Doing To Me," featuring Francis and the Lights, which she revealed is about falling and being in love. The final single from the album, "Contaminated", was released on July 10. Her third studio album, III, was released on July 12, 2019. Banks describes the album as her transformation from a naive, hopeful romantic into a wise woman. Banks embarked on The III Tour on September 3 in support of the album.
2021–present: Serpentina
In June 2021, Banks teased a song titled "The Devil" for an upcoming album. Written and produced by Banks, with additional production by Al Shux and Jeff "Gitty" Gitelman, the song and its accompanying music video—co-directed by Banks and Jenna Marsh—were released on June 16, and marked the singer's first release as an independent artist.
On August 25, 2021, Banks released "Skinnydipped" as the second single from her fourth album. The song is about "moving onward, finding her self-worth, and no longer drowning in toxic relationships". Co-directed by Banks and Michael Stine, the music video features the singer in jewellery from Bulgari's "Serpenti" collection, echoing the snake motif "represent[ative] of rebirth and shedding one's skin" used in her imagery.
Banks announced the release of her fourth studio album Serpentina for April 8, 2022.
Public image
Banks' reluctance to use social media is often noted by journalists. Although she has stated she lets her "management run that stuff", the singer did give out her telephone number on her Facebook fanpage. She has since become more active on her Instagram and Twitter accounts.
Artistry
Banks' sound has been described as dark R&B and compared to Ellie Goulding, The Weeknd, and Aaliyah, although she cites Lauryn Hill and Fiona Apple as her biggest influences. She says that music helps her release her emotions and for that reason kept her music private while she earned her bachelor's degree in psychology. Her vocals have frequently been described as "Aaliyah-like", in addition to Billboard noting that "her rhapsodic voice possesses a frail vulnerability and recalls singers like Feist and Erykah Badu."
Musical style
Banks' music has been categorized as alternative pop, alternative R&B, avant-pop, electropop, hip hop, R&B, trap-pop and trip hop.
Bibliography
Generations of Women from the Moon (2019)
Discography
Goddess (2014)
The Altar (2016)
III (2019)
Serpentina (2022)
Tours
Headlining
The Goddess Tour (2014–2015)
The Altar Tour (2017)
The III Tour (2019)
The Serpentina Tour (2022)
Supporting
The Weeknd – Kiss Landfall Tour (2013)
The Weeknd – The Madness Fall Tour (2015)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1988 births
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
American contemporary R&B singers
American electronic musicians
American women singer-songwriters
American people of English descent
Harvest Records artists
Living people
Musicians from Orange County, California
Singers from Los Angeles
Trip hop musicians
University of Southern California alumni
American women in electronic music
Alternative rock singers
Iamsound Records artists
Singer-songwriters from California
Jeffrey Williamson (born 1991), known professionally as Axe, is an American professional Super Smash Bros. Melee player. , he is ranked as the fourth best Melee player in the world and has finished in the top ten of formal rankings presented by Red Bull every year since 2016. Some of his notable tournament placements at major Melee tournaments include first place at Smash Summit 8, second place at GENESIS 6, and fifth place at EVO 2014.
Williamson has primarily competed using Pikachu and is widely considered to be the best Melee Pikachu player of all time. Commentators have noted his fast-paced style of play. He has been sponsored by the esports team Tempo Storm since 2015. A 2021 list compiled by PGstats ranked Axe as the twelfth-greatest Melee player of all time.
Career
Early career and sponsorship (2007–2015)
Williamson started playing Super Smash Bros. Melee upon its release in 2001. He would only discover the competitive Super Smash Bros. scene five years later when he competed in his first tournament in high school. He formally became involved with the competitive scene after he started attending local tournaments in 2007, taking inspiration for his handle "Axe" from the Axe product brand. By the end of the year, he became one of the top ten Melee players in the rankings for his home state of Arizona. He began competing at national tournaments after attending Genesis in 2009, and was ranked as the best player in his state's rankings in 2010. After defeating several high-ranked players at Apex 2010, he began to solidify his status as a top player through high placements at major tournaments.
In 2014, Williamson tied for 5th place at MLG Anaheim after defeating top player Juan "Hungrybox" DeBiedma. In July, he signed a sponsorship deal with esports team Mortality eSports, and quit his job later that year to fully dedicate his time to professional competition. He has also been affiliated with esports team Most Valuable Gaming. Representing Mortality eSports, Williamson tied for 5th place at EVO 2014, but departed from the team after six months. In April 2015, he attended MVG Sandstorm, a national tournament, where he placed in third after defeating top players William "Leffen" Hjelte and Joseph "Mang0" Marquez. In July, he signed a sponsorship deal with Tempo Storm alongside fellow Melee professional Weston "Westballz" Dennis. Later that month, he tied for 7th place at EVO 2015. In October, he placed in 17th at The Big House 5.
Formal ranking and continued success (2016–present)
Williamson attended GENESIS 3 in January 2016, and took 4th place after defeating top players Mang0 and Zachary "SFAT" Cordoni. Subsequently, he placed in at least 6th place at EGLX 2016, CEO 2016, and Super Smash Con 2016. For his overall performance through 2016, he was ranked as the ninth best Melee player by SSBMRank, a biannual power ranking presented by Red Bull. He began 2017 with a 7th-place finish at GENESIS 4, and continued to attend many major tournaments through the first half of the year. He was one of sixteen top Melee players invited to Smash Summit Spring 2017 in March, where he placed in 5th. He subsequently took 3rd place at CEO 2017, and then tied for 9th place at EVO 2017 after losing to Adam "Armada" Lindgren. In the second half of the year, he took 4th place at DreamHack Atlanta 2017, 3rd place at DreamHack Denver 2017, and 5th place at Smash Summit 5, with the latter two performances including victories against Jason "Mew2King" Zimmerman. Williamson was ranked as the seventh best player in 2017 by SSBMRank.
The first major Melee tournament of 2018 was GENESIS 5, where Williamson tied for 7th place. Subsequent performances included a 9th-place finish at EGLX 2018, 2nd place at Flatiron 3, and 3rd place at Get On My Level 2018, defeating Leffen and Mew2King at the latter two tournaments, respectively. The latter portion of the year included a victory at Runback 2018, a local Arizona tournament, as well as a 5th-place finish at Smash Summit 7, a major tournament. Panda Global Rankings, a biannual power ranking that superseded SSBMRank, ranked Williamson as the tenth best Melee player in 2018. Williamson took 2nd place at the first two major tournaments of 2019, GENESIS 6 and Get On My Level 2019, after losing to the number one-ranked Hungrybox in the finals of both tournaments.
Later that year he won Smash Summit 8 after defeating Justin "Wizzrobe" Hallett in the finals. With this victory, he became the first player to win a major Melee tournament using Pikachu, a character often described as being in the "mid-tier" of the game's roster of characters in terms of fighting ability. In September, Williamson placed 2nd at Mainstage 2019. He was ranked as the fourth best player in the Panda Global Rankings for his performance in 2019.
Before the Panda Global Rankings suspended the 2020 competitive season amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Williamson attended Smash Summit 9 in February. He tied for 5th place at the tournament, after losing to Mang0 in the quarterfinals. In November, he tied for 13th place at Smash Summit 10, an online tournament.
Style of play
Williamson mainly competes using Pikachu, and is considered to be the best Pikachu player in the world. In a 2016 interview, Williamson stated that he chose to continue using the character in Melee after originally playing the character in Super Smash Bros., the first installment in the Super Smash Bros. series. Esports journalists have highlighted the complexity and speed of his style of play, which incorporates "tricky movement options" and "lightning-quick movement" that allows him to anticipate his opponent's attacks and swiftly retaliate against them.
Personal life
Williamson was born in 1991 in Germany to parents in the U.S. military. He was raised in Sierra Vista, Arizona. He has two older siblings.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Super Smash Bros. Melee players
Tempo Storm players
American esports players
People from Sierra Vista, Arizona
Honiatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village is divided into a number of hamlets: Darmocha, Karczunek, Niemirówka, Wygon, and Zagrobla.
References
Honiatycze
Clonaslee () is a village in north County Laois, Ireland, situated in the foothills of the Slieve Bloom Mountains on the R422 Mountmellick to Birr road. Clonaslee is approximately 100 km west of Dublin, and is close to the towns of Portlaoise and Tullamore.
As of the 2016 census, the village had a recorded population of 566.
Name
The primary spelling of the name, Clonaslee, is associated by several sources to the Irish Cluain na Slí (translated as "pasture of the way" or "roadside meadow" or similar) and related to the village's location on ancient cross-country route.
Though this is the commonly and officially accepted version, an alternative spelling of the name, Cloneslieu, is associated by some sources to the Irish Cluain na Sléibhe (translated as "the mountain meadow").
The original name of the parish, Kilmanman, from the Irish Cill na mBanbhán or Cill Mheanman (translated as "the church of Manman"), is associated with Saint Manman who founded a church here in the 7th century.
History
While earlier archaeological remains suggest more ancient settlement in the area (including a ringfort in nearby Larragan townland), the modern day Clonaslee evolved from its beginnings as an Anglo-Norman town of the late-12th century. At this time the eskers and related landforms gave a great strategic advantage by providing ideal vantage points where mottes and other defensive battlements were constructed. This advantage also had a profound influence on the location of towns and villages throughout the county. From the 12th to 17th centuries, recorded history does not provide much detail on the development of Clonaslee.
The most significant period in the village's growth took place from the 16th century under the influence of the Dunnes of Brittas. This family left their mark on the form and history of the village as evidenced in its planned form and also from a number of ruins in the area. The former residence of a young branch of the family remains in ruins one mile from the village at Clara Hill. Also, near the east bank of the Clodiagh River stand the ruins of Ballinakill Castle, built in 1680 by Colonel Dunne. Throughout the 18th century, Clonaslee prospered due to its location on an important highway across Laois leading onto Munster. The proximity of Brittas - the seat of the Dunnes - was also influential as the power of this family had by now grown beyond that of a native Irish Chieftain. In 1771, Francis Dunne, then head of the Dunne Family, became a Roman Catholic and built a thatched parish chapel in the village. This was located close to the site of the present church.
The Dunne family continued to finance the construction of landmark buildings in the village. The parish church was erected in 1814 under General Dunne (known locally as 'shun-battle Ned' because of his rumoured refusal to fight at the 1815 Battle of Waterloo). The construction of the church was aided by a gift of £800 and a loan of £300 from the former Board of First Fruit. In 1830, the same board donated £50 towards the construction of Glebe House. The village continued to grow quickly from the 1800s to the 1830s. This was largely due to the development of the Mountmellick to Birr road in 1814. This period also saw the arrival of civic facilities such as the post office, police station and other offices of civil administration. The population of the village peaked at 561 inhabitants in 1841. However, in 1901 this fell to a low of 287 persons. As of the 2016 census, the recorded population was 566.
Amenities
Local walks and trails include Slieve Bloom Forest Park, the Giant's Grave, and Brittas Lake and Forest - the latter of which is managed by Coillte. The ruined tower of Brittas Castle, largely destroyed by fire in the mid-20th century, has a gateway from Clonaslee's main street.
Clonaslee-St.Manmans is the local Gaelic Athletic Association club.
References
External links
http://www.clonasleeparish.com
Towns and villages in County Laois
Townlands of County Laois
Hermann Fernau (born 1883 or 1884) was a German lawyer, writer, journalist and pacifist.
Biography
Fernau was born in Breslau (now called Wrocław), in the Prussian Province of Silesia. From 1905 he lived as a writer and journalist in Paris - he was a passionate pacifist and a Francophile. When war broke out in 1914 he was convinced that Germany was guilty of provoking the war. However, in May of the following year he was deported to Switzerland. In May 1916 he settled in Basel, where he joined the German-exile pacifist community. In his books and newspaper articles he opposed the war and called for an end to the German monarchy. He was accused by the German authorities of writing the book J'Accuse, condemning the actions of the German Empire, which in fact had been written by his fellow pacifist Richard Grelling.
Selected works
Gustave Hervé: Elsaß-Lothringen und die deutsch-französische Verständigung. Translated by and with a forward from Hermann Fernau. Duncker & Humblot, Munich, Leipzig 1913
Die französische Demokratie, sozialpolitische Studien aus Frankreichs Kulturwerkstatt. Duncker & Humblot, Munich, Leipzig 1914 Digitalisat
Gerade weil ich Deutscher bin! Eine Klarstellung der in dem Buche „J'accuse“ aufgerollten Schuldfrage. Orell Füßli, Zürich 1916
Because I am a German. Edited with an introduction by T.W. Rolleston. Constable, London 1916 Digitalisat
See also
List of peace activists
References
1883 births
Lawyers from Wrocław
German pacifists
20th-century German writers
Year of death missing
20th-century German male writers
Journalists from Wrocław
Samuel Gledhill (7 April 1677 - 1735 or 1736) was the lieutenant-governor of Placentia, Newfoundland from 1719-c.1730.
He was born at Horbury, near Wakefieid, Yorkshire, the youngest of the 13 children of Robert Gledhill, a cloth-dresser and educated at Wakefield Grammar School. He joined the navy but was kidnapped in Spain to be sold as a slave in the West Indies.
After gaining his freedom he made his way to Spain and was commissioned a lieutenant in 1702 and promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1707. He served in England and in the Low Countries, was wounded and taken prisoner at the Siege of Douai and subsequently freed in a prisoner exchange. In 1710 he lost a bid to be elected to Parliament for Carlisle and hotly contested the result to no avail. In 1712 he was made lieutenant-governor of Carlisle, with the rank of captain, in what later became the 11th (North Devonshire) Regiment of Foot. That same year he was the subject of affiliation proceedings in London's Westminster Sessions of the Peace (Ref WJ/SP/1712/01/001)
In 1719 he was appointed lieutenant-governor of Placentia and sailed to Newfoundland with his wife and three of his children, enduring a shipwreck en route. Once there he speculated heavily in land, property and shipowning. His wife and children returned to England, where his wife died soon after, although his son Joseph did later return to assist him with his businesses. Complaints about his exploitative trading activities, which were often at the expense of his duties, reached London, and he was relieved of his position and told to return home. He was, however, reinstated after a hearing and thereafter held the post until c.1730.
He died, possibly in Whitehaven, Cumbria, before May 1736, but more likely in London and was buried at the St Martins in the Fields cemetery 10 March 1735. His son took over his business ventures. He had married Isabella Richmond of Carlisle, by whom he had at least nine children.
See also
Castle Hill, Newfoundland and Labrador
List of lieutenant governors of Newfoundland and Labrador
References
External links
Memoirs of Samuel Gledhill
1677 births
1730s deaths
Governors of Newfoundland Colony
Belle & Bunty is a British fashion design partnership between Alice-Louise Shreeve and Hannah Coniam.
Their designs have appeared in Vogue, Elle, Victoria Beckham's That Extra Half An Inch and Marie Claire. In 2005, Shreeve received the Everywoman Artemis Award for most inspirational businesswoman under 25. In 2006, the designers were filmed for a Channel 4 Learning programme in the Tricky Business series.
Footnotes
External links
Official Website
Belle & Bunty at Vogue.co.uk
Alumni of the London College of Fashion
High fashion brands
Oneida is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Clay County, Kentucky, United States. Its population was 410 at the 2010 census. It is the home of Oneida Baptist Institute. Goose Creek, the Red Bird River, and Bullskin Creek confluence to form the South Fork of the Kentucky River a few hundred yards from the center of the town.
The major road that leads from the center of town to the Leslie County line is called "Bullskin".
Demographics
Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Oneida has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
References
External links
Census-designated places in Clay County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Clay County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Census-designated places in Kentucky
The 2020 Glynhill Ladies International was held January 16 to 19, 2020 at the Braehead Curling Rink in Renfrew, Glasgow, Scotland as a part of the 2019–20 curling season. The event was held in a round robin format with the top eight teams advancing to the playoffs and the bottom eight teams going to the consolation round. The purse for the event was £ 10,600.
In the final, Team Kim Eun-jung of Korea capped off a perfect 6–0 tournament by defeating Team Isabella Wranå of Sweden 8–3 in the final. In the consolation final, Selina Witschonke of Switzerland topped Maggie Wilson of Scotland 5–4. To reach the final, Kim defeated Team Binia Feltscher of Switzerland 8–7 in one semifinal and Wranå beat Team Anna Sidorova of Russia by the same score in the other.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Greenwich Mean Time (UTC+00:00).
Draw 1
Thursday, January 16, 7:00 pm
Draw 2
Friday, January 17, 9:00 am
Draw 3
Friday, January 17, 12:30 pm
Draw 4
Friday, January 17, 4:00 pm
Draw 5
Saturday, January 18, 9:00 am
Draw 6
Saturday, January 18, 12:30 pm
Playoffs
Source:
Quarterfinals
Saturday, January 18, 4:00 pm
Semifinals
Sunday, January 19, 11:30 am
Final
Sunday, January 19, 2:30 pm
Consolation
Source:
Quarterfinals
Sunday, January 19, 8:30 am
Semifinals
Sunday, January 19, 11:30 am
Final
Sunday, January 19, 2:30 pm
References
External links
Event Home
2020 in women's curling
International sports competitions in Glasgow
Women's curling competitions in Scotland
Glynhill Ladies International
Sport in Glasgow
2020 in Scottish women's sport
On the Heights (German: Auf der Höhe) is a 1916 Austrian silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Liane Haid, Hermann Benke and Wilhelm Klitsch.
Cast
Wilhelm Klitsch as Gregor Stark
Liane Haid as Paula
Polly Janisch as Helene
Hermann Benke as Fabrikant Böllmann
Hubert Marischka
Walter Huber
Max Neufeld
References
Bibliography
Parish, Robert. Film Actors Guide. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
1916 films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian drama films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1916 drama films
Films based on works by Ludwig Ganghofer
Austrian films based on plays
Silent drama films
Fursaxa is a United States-based psychedelic folk or freak folk project led by Tara Burke of Pennsylvania.. Her home-recordings feature acoustic guitar, simple Casio electronic keyboards, accordion, dulcimer and her heavily overdubbed vocals on a 4-track recorder.
She has been making music since childhood. Her music has been compared to Nico's solo work and is often categorized among New Weird America artists. The writings of Medieval mystic Hildegard von Bingen, Vladimir Nabokov, and Mircea Eliade have influenced the lyrics and mood of her work. Her musical influences include: World music, Krautrock, film soundtracks, Minimalism, Medieval and Renaissance music. She has recorded with numerous bands as a guest or side-project, including Acid Mothers Temple, fellow Philadelphians Bardo Pond, Iditarod, Scorces, The Valerie Project, and Six Organs of Admittance. Fursaxa is currently signed to the London-based ATP Recordings label. Live performances in 2010 saw Fursaxa expand to a trio, with Burke backed by harpist Mary Lattimore and cellist Helena Espvall, culminating in an appearance at the ATP New York 2010 music festival in Monticello, New York. Burke and Espvall also record and perform together as a duo under the name Anahita.
Discography
Studio Albums
Immured LP, Sloowax (2016)Mycorrhizae Realm – CD & LP ATP Recordings (2010)Alone in the Dark Wood – CD, ATP Recordings & LP, Eclipse Records (2007)Amulet – CD, Last Visible Dog (2005)Lepidoptera – CD, ATP Recordings (2005)Madrigals in Duos – LP, Time-Lag Records (2004)Fursaxa – LP, Ecstatic Peace! (2002)Mandrake – CD, Acid Mothers Temple (2000) & LP, Eclipse Records (2004)
Singles, EPs, and Limited Releases Maidenstone – 7" EP, Mt. St. Mtn. (2007)Harbinger of Spring – 3"CD, Jewelled Antler (2004)Fursaxa/Juniper Meadows – split CDR, Foxglove (2004)
Self Released (Sylph) RecordingsKobold Moon – CD (2008)Myriad of Satyrids – CDR (2006)Amulet – CDR (2004)The Cult From Moon Mountain – CDR (2003)Trobairitz Are Here From Venus – CDR (2002)
With Helena Espvall, as AnahitaArcana En Cantos – CD-R, Deserted Village (2006); LP, alt.vinyl (2010)Matricaria – CD, Important Records (2008)
With Sharron Kraus, as Tau EmeraldTravellers Two'' – CD, Important Records (2008)
External links
fursaxa blog
ATP Recordings page
The Philadelphia Ambient Consortium
Free Music Archive
Interview with Tara Burke
New Weird America
Psychedelic folk musicians
1969 births
Living people
"A Million Dollar Riff" is a song by Australian band Skyhooks, released in November 1975 as the lead single from the band's third studio album, Straight in a Gay Gay World. The song peaked at number six in Australia.
The song incorporates riffs from other hit songs, including from the Skyhooks' own "Horror Movie", plus the worldwide hits "Satisfaction", "Smoke on the Water", "Sunshine of Your Love", "Day Tripper", "Gloria", and Chuck Berry's "Johnny B. Goode". It also includes lyrical allusions to Berry's "Little Queenie" ("Meanwhile, I was still..."), and Sam Cooke's "Chain Gang" ("Ooh, Ah. Ooh, Ah").
Track listing
7" single (K-6159)
Side A "A Million Dollar Riff" - 3:51
Side B "Forging Ahead" - 4:04
Charts
References
1975 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1975 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
9950 ESA, provisional designation , is an eccentric asteroid and elongated near-Earth object of the Amor group, approximately 1.7 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 8 November 1990, by French astronomer Christian Pollas at the Centre de recherches en géodynamique et astrométrie (Cerga) at Caussols in southeastern France. It was named for the European Space Agency (ESA).
Orbit and classification
ESA is an Amor asteroid – a subgroup of near-Earth asteroids that approach the orbit of Earth from beyond, but do not cross it. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.1–3.7 AU once every 3 years and 10 months (1,390 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.53 and an inclination of 15° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation at Caussols in November 1990.
Close approaches
ESA has an Earth minimum orbit intersection distance of , which corresponds to 109.3 lunar distances. It approached the Earth at 0.393 AU on 18 October 1990, three weeks prior to its discovery, and made two more close approaches in August and September 2013, respectively. It's next close encounter with Earth will be in October 2032, at distance of .
The eccentric asteroid is also a Mars-crosser. In March 1987, it approached the Red Planet at .
Physical characteristics
ESA is an assumed stony S-type asteroid.
Rotation period
In 2013, three rotational lightcurves of ESA were obtained from photometric observations by the EURONEAR Lightcurve Survey and by American astronomers Brian Warner and Robert Stephens at the Center for Solar System Studies (). Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period between 6.707 and 6.712 hours with a brightness variation of 0.44 to 0.89 magnitude (). A high brightness amplitude typically indicates that the body's shape is irregular and elongated, rather than spherical.
Diameter and albedo
In the early 1990s, David Tholen at the Institute for Astronomy of the University of Hawaii estimated a diameter of 3 kilometers for ESA. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for stony asteroids of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 1.71 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 16.2.
Naming
This minor planet was named after the European Space Agency (ESA), which formed in 1974. The name was suggested by French astronomer Jean Louis Heudier, after whom the asteroid 4602 Heudier was named. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 15 December 2005 ().
Notes
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
009950
Discoveries by Christian Pollas
Named minor planets
19901108
Landsdelsserien is a former division in Norwegian football and from 1951 to 1962, it was the second tier division in the Norwegian football league system. Following the creation of the new 1. divisjon in 1963, the division folded and its district groups were replaced by national groups in the new second tier; 2. divisjon.
History
Landsdelsserien consisted of seven district groups of seven or eight team in each group. The two winners of the groups from Eastern Norway were promoted directly to the following season's top division, at the time named Hovedserien (English: The Main League). The remaining five winners qualified for promotion play-offs to compete for two spots in the following season's top division. In the 1961–62 season, only two teams promoted. Teams from Northern Norway did not participate in the national league system until 1972 and thus did not participate in Landsdelsserien.
Competition format
Landsdelsserien winners
Winners from districts east/south and east/north were promoted to the top division. The remaining five winners qualified for promotion play-offs to compete for two spots in the following season's top division. In the 1961–62 season, only two teams promoted. Promoted teams are shown in bold.
References
External links
Nor
Amnesia: The Lost Films of Francis D. Longfellow Supplementary Newsletter No. 1 is a 2018 comic book by Al Columbia. Printed in an oversize 11" x 13" format, it is a 24-page collection of posters allegedly created for animated cartoons by the (fictional) titular director/producer and his company, Podsnap Studios. Some of the "lost films" feature Columbia's recurring protagonists Seymour Sunshine and Knishkebibble the Monkey-Boy, who are depicted here as cartoon characters performed by voice actors. The posters also contain references to earlier Columbia stories such as "The Trumpets They Play!" and "I Was Killing When Killing Wasn't Cool", presenting them as Longfellow's creations and tying them into Amnesia'''s fictional universe.
Published by Portland, Oregon's Floating World Comics (in association with Columbia's own PO Press) accompanied by a fictional backstory and a blurb from Art Spiegelman, Amnesia was well received by critics, who praised both the artwork and its conceptual underpinnings. Matt Seneca wrote in The Comics Journal that it "spotlights a cartoonist who has identified exactly what's most powerful about his own work building himself an elaborate metafictional theater to project it in." Heidi MacDonald compared it favorably to Seth's It's a Good Life, If You Don't Weaken and Sonny Liew's The Art of Charlie Chan Hock Chye as "an elaborately invented body of work for an imagined creator." In a conference presentation at William Peace University later published in book form, Chadwick Crawford considered Amnesia's metafictional conceit as a further development of ideas explored in Columbia's previous book, 2009's Pim & Francie: The Golden Bear Days. The Guardian'' included it in a 2019 overview of the best comics of the decade.
Contents
Baby Dead Bird
Death to the Sunday Family
Weirdo Psycho Jolly Boys in Happyland
Tip-Toe Throo the Hatchet Chamber
Sweet Meats
Baby Fangs
Skinless Slim
Puggy the Pup in "Revenge of the Black Angel Gang"
13 Shady Lane
Vinegar Tom
Wünderland
Hollywood Boulevard
Vampire Ball
Feast of the Oligarchs
Hail Satan
The Ballad of Monte Wibbit
The Gentle Giant
The Revenge of Auggie Jones
The Nine Kings
Grand Slam
Funeral Follies
References
Comics by Al Columbia
2018 comics debuts
Horror comics
Black comedy comics
Metafictional comics
The 2016–17 season is Oldham Athletic's 122nd season in their history and 20th consecutive season in League One. Along with competing in League One, the club will also participate in the FA Cup, League Cup and Football League Trophy.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.
Transfers
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Competitions
Pre-season friendlies
League One
League table
Matches
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
References
Oldham Athletic
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. seasons
We Trisumje Tsangshar (, died 725), also known as Lon Trisumje or Shang Trisumje, was a general of Tibetan Empire.
According to Tibetan Annals, Trisumje convened winter coalitions of generals in 714, 715, 717, 719 and 720. After Shang Trisig's death in 721, he was appointed as Lönchen. Later, he convened summer coalitions from 722 to 725 (except the year 724); and winter coalitions from 721 to 724.
He died in 725 and succeeded by Nge Mangsham Taktsab.
References
Old Tibetan Annals (version I), I.T.J. 0750
Old Tibetan Chronicle, P.T. 1287
8th-century Tibetan people
People of the Tibetan Empire
725 deaths
Date of birth unknown
Muka is prepared fibre of New Zealand flax (). Prepared primarily by scraping, pounding and washing, it is a key material in Māori traditional textiles where it is usually used in tāniko or twined weaving.
In pre-European times, muka was widely used by the Māori and was the primary fibre used for weaving clothing. Patu muka or pounding stones were a distinct tool type.
In the early colonial period, muka was a trade staple, often being traded for muskets with devastating effects. Well into the European era it was used for paper, clothing and sacking, with large commercial workings Foxton and elsewhere.
Since the Māori renaissance the resurgence in traditional Māori weaving has seen up-swing in the use of muka, especially for art and high-end craft items. Usually woven muka is distinguished from woven (unprepared) flax which is only suitable for coarse work such as bags (kete) and panels.
References
Weaving
Materials
Māori art
Māori culture
Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 960.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kholm Governorate
The Grace Helbig Show is an American late-night talk show created and hosted by YouTube star Grace Helbig which aired on E! cable network. It premiered on April 3, 2015, and the first season ended on June 7, 2015.
History
On August 6, 2014, Deadline Hollywood reported that Grace Helbig was to star in a comedy/talk show pilot, tentatively called The Grace Helbig Project. The announcement came only a few weeks before the conclusion of another E! late-night talk show, Chelsea Lately, which Helbig had previously appeared on.
On March 10, 2015, E! stated in a press release that the show, now titled The Grace Helbig Show, would premiere on April 3, 2015, at 10:30 pm ET, following The Soup.
On May 11, 2015, the network announced that the show would be moving from Fridays at 10:30 pm ET to Sundays at 11 pm ET, beginning May 31, 2015.
Episodes
International broadcast
The Grace Helbig Show airs in simulcast in Canada on E!, the Canadian equivalent of the US channel. The show premiered on E! in Australia and New Zealand on Sunday, April 5, 2015, and on April 20, 2015, in the United Kingdom.
References
External links
2015 American television series debuts
2015 American television series endings
2010s American late-night television series
E! original programming
English-language television shows
Kansas's 22nd Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Democrat Tom Hawk since 2013, succeeding Republican Roger Reitz.
Geography
District 22 is based in Manhattan, covering all of Clay and Riley Counties as well as a small part of northern Geary County. Other communities in the district include Clay Center, Ogden, Wakefield, Riley, and parts of western Junction City.
The district is located entirely within Kansas's 1st congressional district, and overlaps with the 51st, 64th, 65th, 66th, 67th, 68th, and 70th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 22
References
22
Clay County, Kansas
Geary County, Kansas
Riley County, Kansas
The San Marcos River rises from the San Marcos Springs, the location of Aquarena Springs, in San Marcos, Texas. The springs are home to several threatened or endangered species, including the Texas blind salamander, fountain darter, and Texas wild rice. The river is a popular recreational area, and is frequented for tubing, canoeing, swimming, and fishing.
Course
The river begins at San Marcos Springs, rising from the Edwards Aquifer into Spring Lake. Access to much of the headwaters is restricted because of the delicate ecosystem and numerous rare species. The upper river flows through San Marcos, and is a popular recreational area. It is joined by the Blanco River after four miles, and passes through Luling and Palmetto State Park. Near Gonzales, it flows into the Guadalupe River after a total of 75 miles (121 km). This course is the first section of the Texas Water Safari.
History
The history and naming of the river is somewhat unclear. It may have been discovered by Alonso de León's expedition in 1689, but some scholars believe they instead had found the Colorado or Navidad Rivers. The convention came to call the first sizable river beyond the Guadalupe, but at the time, the Comal River was often called the Guadalupe, and part of the Guadalupe often called San Ybón. In 1808, the Spanish established San Marcos de Neve, just south of present-day San Marcos. They had friendly relations with the Tonkawa Indians, but the hostile Comanche tribe forced them to leave in 1812. In 1998 and 2015, the river was affected by severe flooding.
Events
San Marcos hosts many events on the San Marcos River. The Texas Water Safari event has run every year since 1963; it uses canoes powered only by human muscle. This event uses the San Marcos River and the Guadalupe River, spanning from Aquarena Springs in San Marcos to Seadrift, Texas, a total of 260 miles. This event is actually composed of many parts, including an information seminar, the safari race, a preliminary race, and another short race. Racers must take enough food and provisions to last them the distance of the race. The Texas Water Safari is billed as the "World's Toughest Boat Race" and
runs annually on the second Saturday of June.
Another event is the San Marcos River annual San Marcos River Clean-Up, which is an organized spring clean-up of the whole river. Volunteers can either clean debris around the river with the use of canoes, or cook food for the San Marcos River Clean-Up thank-you dinner that is provided for all volunteers. The clean-up is coordinated yearly by Tom Goynes, president of the Texas River Protection Association, and is usually the first Saturday of every March.
Wildlife
San Marcos has many different wildlife species, including endangered ones, that reside in the San Marcos River. Species are listed threatened or endangered based on declining numbers or loss of habitat. The Texas blind salamander and the San Marcos salamander are endangered species that are only found in certain section of the San Marcos River and the Edwards Aquifer.
Other endangered species include the fountain darter and San Marcos gambusia, which reside in the San Marcos River. The fountain darter is characterized by the mottled brown body and dark markings that help it camouflage into the bottom of the San Marcos River banks. It has a growing population and flourishes in the San Marcos River. The San Marcos gambusia is characterized by prominent dark stripes along its body. Its population is unknown, as no samples have been collected since 1983, and is even considered to be extinct. Both fish require clear, clean, continually flowing water with a stable temperature.
An endangered plant species specific to the San Marcos River is Texas wild rice. Only 230 clumps still remain on the river in two different populations, with one population being grown on the Texas State University campus.
The San Marcos River is considered to be one of the most biologically diverse aquatic ecosystems known in the Southwestern United States. Consequently, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and Texas Parks and Wildlife Department have designated the San Marcos Springs and Spring Lake critical habitat, so some parts of the river are privatized. Critical habitat refers to a particular geographical area that contains all of the physical, chemical and biological attributes needed for the continued success of an endangered plant or animal and that may require special efforts for their management and protection.
Restoration efforts
Much of the San Marcos River is protected by the Edwards Aquifer habitat conservation plan due to the wildlife that reside in or near the river. This plan was established in 2006 as an attempt between several Texas cities that use the many resources of the San Marcos River to manage aquatic habitats and water resources of the Comal and San Marcos springs. This plan helps manage control of non-native species, species stability, control of native species, sediment removal, reduction of contamination, and flow protection. Work on the San Marcos River banks are the main focus of the restoration projects in a large effort to protect the Edward Aquifer. Non-native plants are uprooted and new plants are planted to take their spots. Also, six new access points were to be added to the river in attempts to allow people to get in and out of the water without harm to the river banks. The city was to spend close to $1 million in this restoration attempt, to makes the river a more ideal habitat, while at the same time improving recreation.
See also
List of rivers of Texas
References
External links
San Marcos River Foundation
Edwards Aquifer
San Marcos Greenbelt Alliance
Texas Water Safari
San Marcos Foundation Projects
Endangered Species of the San Marcos River
Species in the Edward Aquifer
Endangered Species
Endangered Species of the San Marcos River
Restoration of the San Marcos River
Rivers of Texas
Texas Hill Country
Rivers of Caldwell County, Texas
Rivers of Hays County, Texas
Rivers of Gonzales County, Texas
San Marcos, Texas
Stefan Milić (; born 6 July 2000) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a defender for Slovenian PrvaLiga club Bravo, on loan from Prva HNL club Dinamo Zagreb.
Club career
A youth academy product of Budućnost Podgorica, Milić made his senior team debut on 31 March 2018 in a 1–1 draw against Kom. He scored his first goal on 12 August 2018 in a 3–0 win against Mornar. Despite interest from Partizan, Red Bull Salzburg, Osijek and Mladá Boleslav, Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb announced the signing of Milić on 18 February 2020 on a permanent transfer. He spent the rest of season on loan at Budućnost.
On 21 July, it was announced that he officially joined the club. He made his debut for club on 16 August in a 6–0 win against Lokomotiva. On 23 September, he was loaned out to Varaždin until the end of the season. He became the second Montenegrin player at Varaždin, after Vladan Adžić. He returned to Dinamo during the winter break. During the second half of the season, Milić primarily played for Dinamo's second team. On 28 April 2021, he scored the first goal in a 3–0 victory over Osijek II. On 22 May, he scored his debut goal for Dinamo's first team in a 1–0 victory over Šibenik.
International career
Milić was a Montenegrin youth international.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Budućnost Podgorica
Montenegrin First League: 2019–20
Montenegrin Cup: 2018–19
Dinamo Zagreb
Croatian First League: 2020–21
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Podgorica
Association football defenders
Montenegrin footballers
Montenegro youth international footballers
Montenegro under-21 international footballers
FK Budućnost Podgorica players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb II players
NK Bravo players
Montenegrin First League players
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Mordechai (Motti) Mizrachi (, born 1946) is an Israeli multimedia artist who creates politically engaged conceptual works that combine sculpture, video, photography, public art and performance. Dough, Via Dolorosa (1973) and Healing (1980) marked the emergence of avant-garde Israeli performance and video art. Since the 1980s, he has created numerous site specific public sculptures.
Biography
Disabled since childhood, Motti Mizrachi uses humor and self-irony in his work, with an emphasis on the flaws and pleasures of the human body, while examining the oppression and control of the strong over the weak, both socially and politically. In 1969-1973, he studied at Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design in Jerusalem. He was represented in the 1980 Biennale de Paris, the 1987 and 1981 São Paulo Art Biennials, the 1988 Venice Biennale, and the 2003 Valencia Biennale.
Mizrachi lives in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Teaching
1980-1987 Bezalel, Jerusalem
College of Art, School of Art Teachers, Ramat Hasharon
Camera Obscura, Tel Aviv
Awards and recognition
1976 - Beatrice S. Kolliner Award for a Young Israeli Artist, Israel Museum, Jerusalem
1987 - Israeli Artist Award, Tel Aviv Museum and Bank Discount
1987 - Sandberg Prize for Israeli Art, Israel Museum, Jerusalem
1987 - Award, America-Israel Cultural Foundation
1997 - Prize to encourage creativity, Ministry of Education and Culture
2001 - Dan Sandel and Sandel Family Foundation Sculpture Award, Shoe Sculpture, Tel Aviv Museum of Art
2002 - Award, Israel Ministry of Science, Culture and Sport
Public Art
See also
Visual arts in Israel
References
Further reading
Agassi, Meir, Zadok Ben David, Motti Mizrachi. The Israeli Pavilion, The Venice Biennale 1988, Venice, 1988.
Haifa Museums, Motti Mizrachi-Rwanda Casanova, Haifa Museums, 2000, .
The Israel Museum, Jerusalem
curator: Lorand Hegyi, Makom: zeitgenössische Kunst aus Israel, Vienna, Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Ludwig Wien, 1993, .
The Absent Body'', Body Imagery Between Judaism and Christianity in the work of eight Israeli artists, Beit Hatfutsot, 2012, .
Biennale di Valencia, 2003, Curator: Lorand Hegyi.
"The Giving Person" group show, 2005, Napoli , Curator:Lorand Hegyi,( ).
"Domicile - Private/Public", 2005, Saint-Etienne, Curator: Lorand Hegyi, 2005, ().
"Micro-Narratives", Saint-Etienne and later in Belgrade, 2008 ,Curator:Lorand Hegyi,().
"Essential Experiences" 2009, Museum Palazzo Riso, Palermo, Curator: Lorand Hegyi, Catalogue: Essential Experiences Electa Editore, 2009, (), together with Jan Fabre, Marina Abramovic, Richard Nonas, Dennis Oppenheim, Günther Uecker, Michelangelo Pistoletto, Lee Fan, Orlan, Gloria Friedmann.
External links
MottiMizrachi.com Official website. Retrieved March 2012
Motti Mizrachi YouTube channel. Retrieved March 2012
Motti Mizrachi at the Information Center for Israeli Art. Israel Museum. Retrieved March 2012.
http://www.algemeiner.com/2015/10/02/whats-that-huge-white-bridal-dress-floating-over-the-tower-of-david/.. Retrieved November 2015.
Jewish sculptors
Israeli sculptors
Multimedia artists
Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design alumni
Living people
1946 births
Sandberg Prize recipients
Israeli contemporary artists
Israeli installation artists
Patigi Emirate is Nigeria traditional state founded 1898 by Idrissu Gana I the first monarch of the emirate, the name patigi means ' small hill ' the emirate situated in pategi local government of kwara State and the capital of Pategi.
The Kingdom
The emirate was founded by Idrssu Gana who, in 1898, led a group (Kede), a subgroup of the Nupe extract from Bida in the conquest by the Colony empire and the emirate is inhabited by the Nupe people and linguistic dialect of Yoruba, most of the people there are farmer trader and fishermen.
The emirate is entire Nupe speaking people and it hosts a boating festival known as Pategi Regatta Festival performed mostly at the terrain of the Niger River in the Patigi Beach. The boat fest was historical and significant tourism said by Professor Idrissu Aliyu it was founded by traditional council of the emirate in 1949 by two councils leader, Ahman Pategi and Etsu Umaru Bologi I was first started in 1952 also features the part of people living in the bank of the river in Niger Kwara and Niger Kogi. The festival which consists of boat or canoe racing includes display in Niger Gbaradogi in the river bank west, the emirate also features in the Nupe Cultural Day which is performed yearly in July and mark as the history of the entire Nupe conquest against the british colony.
List of rulers
The title king in pategi is known as Etsu of Patigi. The present Etsu of Patigi is Alhaji Umar Bologi II.
List of the traditional rulers of the Patigi emirate known as Etsu Patigi founded in 16th century:
Etsu Idrissu Gana dan Muazu Isa I (b. 1856 - d. 1900). 1898 - 1900
Muazu Isa dan Idrissu Gana (b. 1882 - d. 1923). November 1900 - 1923
Usman Tsadi dan Muazu Isa (d. 1931) 1923 -January 1931
Umaru dan Muazu Isa (b. 1898 - d. 1949) January 1931 - 1949
Umaru Ibrahim Bologi 1st term (b.1939 - 2018) 1949 - 1966
Idrissu Gana II (b. 1933 - d. 2005) 26 October 1966 - 2005
Haliru Ibrahim Bologi Chatta II (b. 1958 - 2019) 1999 - 2019
Umar Bologi II (born 1982) 2018 present.
Notes
Nigerian traditional states
1898 establishments in Africa
Nupe
Kwara State
Emirates
They Fired with Their Lives (Spanish: Con la vida hicieron fuego) is a 1959 Spanish war film directed by and starring Ana Mariscal. It is set against the backdrop of the Spanish Civil War.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1959 war films
Spanish war films
1959 films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Ana Mariscal
1950s Spanish films
Archaeological Museum Umerkot, or Umerkot Museum, is an archaeological museum situated inside the Umerkot Fort which is located in Umerkot District, Sindh Province, Pakistan. It was inaugurated on 24 February 1968, and was shifted to its current building in July 2006.
It consists of three galleries and two lobbies. The collection includes coins dating back to the Mughal era, ancient weapons, documents, paintings, and calligraphic specimens. Photographs showing the life of Tharparkar locals are also present.
It received 29,673 visitors in 2017, which increased to 40,518 in 2018.
See also
List of museums in Pakistan
References
External links
Sindh Tourism Development Corporation
1968 establishments in Pakistan
Art museums and galleries in Pakistan
History museums in Pakistan
Museums established in 1968
Museums in Sindh
Tourist attractions in Sindh
James McClure may refer to:
James H. McClure (1939–2006), British crime author and journalist, born in South Africa
James A. McClure (1924–2011), U.S. Senator from Idaho
James McClure (Unionist politician) (1926–2014), Northern Ireland politician
James Focht McClure Jr. (1931–2010), U.S. federal judge
James McClure (table tennis) (1916–2005), American table tennis player
James Howe McClure (1851–1909), Scottish rugby football player
James Warren McClure (1919–2004), newspaper executive and publisher
Jimmy McClure ( 1920s), soccer player in the United States
See also
James McLure (1951–2011), American playwright
Harvey Elliott Klehr (born December 25, 1945) is a professor of politics and history at Emory University. Klehr is known for his books on the subject of the American Communist movement, and on Soviet espionage in America (many written jointly with John Earl Haynes).
Early years
He was born in Newark, New Jersey. He received his Bachelor's degree from Franklin and Marshall College in 1967. He received his doctorate from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1971, after defending a dissertation entitled The Theory of American Exceptionalism.
Klehr later recalled that his interest in the American radical left had been shaped by the domestic political upheaval of the era of the Vietnam War during which he had attended college. In 2010, Klehr wrote:
[...] I originally intended to study traditional American politics, but became distracted by the upheavals of the era. I considered myself on the political left, but hardly a revolutionary. Some of my friends and classmates, however, were associated with the Southern Student Organizing Committee (SSOC), a spin-off of Students for a Democratic Society [...].
Two political events from those tumultuous years gave me my lifetime research agenda. During the 1968 presidential election, a number of radicals, including some I knew, supported George Wallace for president. They certainly had no sympathy for the Alabama governor but argued that his election would precipitate an American revolution. Their rationale was that a dose of fascism would prepare the way for American radicalism. [...]
After the American incursion into Cambodia in 1970, student protestors held a mass meeting on the Chapel Hill campus. A number of speakers called for a student strike to shut down the university. My advisor, Dr Lewis Lipsitz, had been one of the most prominent leftists on campus for many years. [...] When Lew urged the crowd not to strike since a university should not be closed down, he was booed.
Convinced that the student left was losing its grip on reality and was likely to fail, I became increasingly intrigued by the question of why the American left always seemed to fail. What was it about America or the left that accounted for 'American exceptionalism,' the inability of socialists or communists to make inroads comparable to those it enjoyed elsewhere?
Academic career
Following graduation, Klehr was hired to teach political theory at Emory University in Atlanta. After generating several journal articles from his dissertation, Klehr moved to the study of the demographic composition of the party leadership of the Communist Party, USA, agglomerating biographical information from archival study and person-to person interviews, Klehr examined the social composition of the party's leadership caste for the first time. The result of this research was a first book, Communist Cadre: The Social Background of the American Communist Party Elite, published in 1978 by the Hoover Institution Press.
Klehr's book drew the attention of Theodore Draper, a pioneering historian of American communism who had published seminal books on the topic in 1957 and 1960 on the story of the American communist movement from its origins to 1929 but had found himself unable to continue the saga into later years despite having accumulated a substantial research library on the topic. Draper pushed Klehr to continue his history to include its glory days in the years of the Great Depression. Klehr made possible the acquisition of Draper's archive by Emory University Library and began intensive study of the topic. The result was the publication of a second book in 1984, The Heyday of American Communism: The Depression Decade.
In the near quarter-century between the publication of Draper's second book on American communism and Klehr's 1984 effort at continuation, a new school of social historians had come to the fore in the field of American history, an unorganized group sharing a disaffection with the "traditionalist" orientation towards leaders and the machinations of high politics. These self-described "revisionists" made Klehr's 1984 work a focus of heated intellectual critique by asserting that it was an example of polemic Cold War anti-Communism.
The highly politicized argument was returned in kind by the so-called "traditionalists," who frequently saw in the "revisionists'" predilection for local history and the party rank-and-file a thinly-disguised apologetic for the abuses of communism "glorifying the CPUSA, hiding its warts, and apologizing for its crimes." For more than two decades, the debate raged among historians of American radicalism, with Klehr emerging as one of the leading defenders of the "traditionalist" approach and its associated critique.
The historical approaches were largely connected to the contemporary views of their adherents, Klehr later noted:
The disagreements between the two camps were only partly generational, because some traditionalists, like myself and my long-time co-author John Haynes, were roughly the same age as our revisionist counterparts. To some degree, the combatants were divided by current political loyalties, with most revisionists locating themselves at least on the left wing of the Democratic Party, if not as members of various socialist groupings. But traditionalists themselves ranged from such self-identified socialists as Irving Howe to conservative Republicans.
Awards
Klehr has received a number of awards, including Emory's Thomas Jefferson Award (in 1999). He was a member of the National Council on the Humanities, served a term that expired in 2010.
References
Bibliography
Communist Cadre: The Social Background of the American Communist Party Elite. Stanford, CA: Hoover Institution Press, 1978. OCLC 4683880.
The Heyday of American Communism: The Depression Decade. New York: Basic Books, 1984. OCLC 10456780.
Biographical Dictionary of the American Left. Editor, with Bernard K. Johnpoll. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1986.
Far Left of Center: The American Radical Left Today. New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction Publishers, 1988. OCLC 17210024.
The American Communist Movement: Storming Heaven Itself. With John Earl Haynes. New York: Twayne Publishers, 1992. OCLC 25201075.
The Secret World of American Communism. With John Earl Haynes and Fridrikh Igorevich Firsov. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1996. OCLC 30779937.
The Amerasia Spy Case: Prelude to McCarthyism. With Ronald Radosh. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press, 1996. OCLC 32590046.
The Soviet World of American Communism. With John Earl Haynes and Kyrill Anderson. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1998. OCLC 37187391.
Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America. With John Earl Haynes. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1999. OCLC 44694569.
In Denial: Historians, Communism and Espionage. With John Earl Haynes. San Francisco, CA: Encounter Books, 2003. OCLC 62271849.
Communism, Espionage, and the Cold War: A Unit of Study for Grades 9-12. With Robert Gabrick. Los Angeles, CA: National Center for History in the Schools, University of California, Los Angeles, 2004.
Early Cold War Spies : The Espionage Trials That Shaped American Politics. With John Earl Haynes. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006.
Spies: The Rise and Fall of the KGB in America. With John Earl Haynes and Alexander Vassiliev. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2009.
The Communist Experience in America: A Political and Social History. New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction Publishers, 2010. —Selected articles.
Secret Cables of the Comintern, 1933-1943. With Fridrikh Igorevich Firsov and John Earl Haynes. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2014.
External links
Harvey Klehr's web page
An Interview with John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr, History News Network.
"SECRETS, LIES, AND ATOMIC SPIES", PBS Transcript, Airdate: February 5, 2002
Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Book Library, Emory University: Harvey Klehr papers, 1901-2004
1945 births
Living people
Writers from Newark, New Jersey
Franklin & Marshall College alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Emory University faculty
Cold War historians
Historians of espionage
American historians of espionage
Historians of communism
Historians from New Jersey
The Archdiocese of Winnipeg () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or archdiocese of the Catholic Church that includes part of the Province of Manitoba, Canada. The archdiocese is the only diocese of the Latin Church in Canada that is immediately exempt to the Holy See, as it is not part of an ecclesiastical province.
As of 2010, the archdiocese contains 92 parishes, 60 active diocesan priests, 26 religious priests, and 166,000 Catholics. It also has 27 religious brothers, 113 religious sisters, and 19 permanent deacons. The cathedral of the archdiocese is St. Mary's Cathedral in Winnipeg. The archbishop since 2014 is Richard Gagnon.
Bishops
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Winnipeg and their terms of service:
Arthur Alfred Sinnott (1915–1952)
Philip Francis Pocock (1952–1961), appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Toronto, Ontario
George Flahiff (1960–1982)
Adam Exner (1982–1991), appointed Archbishop of Vancouver, British Columbia
Leonard James Wall (1992–2000)
James Weisgerber (2000–2013)
Richard Gagnon (2014–present)
Coadjutor bishop
Gerald C. Murray (1944-1951), did not succeed to the see
Philip Francis Pocock (1951-1952)
Auxiliary bishop
Francis Ryder Wood (1940-1943?), did not take effect
Priests of this diocese who became bishops
Charles Aimé Halpin, appointed Archbishop of Regina in 1973
See also
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface
Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg
References
Notes
Bibliography
Archdiocese of Winnipeg page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
External links
Catholic Church in Manitoba
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Winnipeg
Winnipeg dioceses
Yangkok Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Various Torricelli languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Ausin/Yumoun
02. Mupun/Sikel
03. Weikint/Nunsi
04. Yuwil/Yemlu
05. Laingim/Soloku
06. Wulukum
07. Piom/Lalwi
08. Bimon/Maibel
09. Yili/Tomoum
10. Pinkil/Bairap
11. Warin/Witaili
12. Puang/Witikin
13. Weis/Witwan
14. Tomontonik/Yemnu
15. Anguganak
16. Rawot
17. Maimbel
18. Brugap/Bogasip
19. Yangkok
21. Mushu/Wublakil
22. Ningil 1 (Ningil language speakers)
23. Ningil 2 (Ningil language speakers)
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Brzozowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
A statue of Manuel López Cotilla is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Bischheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Bischheim has an area of 6.57 km² and a population of 799 (as of December 31, 2020).
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Saint Demetrian (d. 912?) is a saint from Cyprus. In the 9th and 10th centuries, he served the Christian Church as a monk and an abbot, and ultimately as the bishop of the ancient city of Khytri. He is venerated for his apparently miraculous rescue of Christian Cypriots who had been enslaved by Saracen invaders.
Life
Contemporaneous documentation of Demetrian's life is limited to a single manuscript. Complicating his record, he has at times been called by the common names Demetrio or Demetrius. The lone manuscript holds that Demetrian was the son of a priest, born in a small village named Sika in medieval Cyprus. As a young man, he wed a woman who died only a few months after marriage. After her death, he devoted himself to the Christian Church.
Demetrian served in a monastery dedicated to Saint Anthony, and he was eventually ordained as that institution's abbot, or hegoumenos, a position he is said to have held for forty years. Church leaders then elevated him to bishop of the city of Khytri, but at first he resisted the appointment. Not wanting to exchange his quiet monastic life for a busy episcopal office in the city, he is said to have fled, and was hidden in a cave by a friend. Ultimately, however, his friend became uncomfortable with the situation, and Demetrian was convinced to return to the city and embrace his appointment. He served as bishop of Khytri for some twenty-five years, from 885 until his death, and is acknowledged by the Catholic Encyclopedia as that office's most famous inhabitant.
Near the end of his life, Demetrian saw Cyprus overrun by Saracen invaders. Many Christians were taken captive and marched toward Baghdad to become slaves. Despite his advanced age, Demetrian followed them on the road and pleaded desperately for their release. Seemingly miraculously, the Saracens were persuaded and they released the captives to him.
Legacy
A longstanding devotional following of Saint Demetrian continues through the present day in Cyprus. His annual feast day is celebrated on 6 November.
Venerated as a patron saint of prisoners, Demetrian is also invoked in a more general fashion by a preamble to Catholic prayer: "Loving Father, through the intercession of Saint Demetrian, rescue me from the anxieties that hold me captive".
References
10th-century Christian saints
10th-century Cypriot bishops
The Regiment van Heutsz is a line infantry regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army. The regiment was named after J.B. van Heutsz, a former Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies, and was formed on July 1, 1950. It is notable for its service as part of the United Nations force sent to fight during the Korean War. It is still operational and has served tours as part of the ISAF Afghanistan Mission.
Origin
From 1832 to 1950 a substantial colonial army was maintained in the Dutch East Indies under the title of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army (KNIL). Following Indonesian independence the Dutch and indigenous personnel of this force were demobilised but with the establishment of the Regiment van Heutsz on July 1, 1950 the traditions and distinctions of the KNIL were transferred to the new regiment. These included the inscription 'Military Operations Royal Dutch East Indies Army 1816-1950', still carried on the banner of the regiment.
Korean War
See also Battles of the Korean War involving the Netherlands (Category)
The van Heutsz Regiment was incorporated into the Nederlands Detachement Verenigde Naties (NDVN) (English: Netherlands Detachment United Nations), which also included the Dutch Naval component sent to Korea. While 16,225 people volunteered for service in Korea, only 3,418 men were accepted and sent. 2,980 of those participated in the actual war, as the units that arrived after the armistice (July 27, 1953) did not participate in any fighting.
The van Heutsz regiment had only recently been raised when the Korean War battalion was formed on October 26, 1950, but took the detachment as its first battalion. The regiment has the battle honor Korea 1950–1954 on its colors. In Korea, the van Heutsz troops (being understrength) were re-enforced by South Korean "KATCOM" troops. The Dutch served at three key battles, all around the Iron Triangle sector between 1951 and 1953.
Since the Regiment van Heutsz did not have its colors in 1950, a Dutch flag that was used in Korea as the battle flag of the Nederlands Detachement Verenigde Naties became the regimental colour. This flag now has official status and is shown on every parade and function of the regiment in tandem with the Sovereign's Colour awarded years after (which makes the regiment the only one in the RNA to carry a UK-style strand of colours). American and Korean battle streamers, representing the US Presidential Unit Citation, are attached to this flag.
The Regiment suffered 116 Dutch and 20 attached-Korean soldiers killed in action, three soldiers are still MIA, while one Dutchman was taken prisoner and died in a North Korean POW camp. The Dutch casualties are buried at the United Nations Memorial Cemetery in Busan, including their commander, Lt. Col. Marinus Petrus Antonius den Ouden, who was killed in action during the Battle of Hoengsong in February 1951. (Posthumously, den Ouden was received Netherlands' highest military award, the Military Order of William.) A total of 381 soldiers were wounded. A total of 115 Surinamese soldiers also fought together with the Dutch, at least two died.
Post Korean Service and ISAF Deployment
The traditions of the Regiment van Heutsz are currently maintained by one battalion serving as part of 11 Luchtmobiele (Airmobile) Brigade:
12 Infanterie Bataljon is one of three air assault infantry battalions within the air mobile brigade
From 2006 to 2010, the battalion formed the basis of the battlegroup attached to Task Force Uruzgan, the primary Dutch component of the multi-national forces in Afghanistan. For this, the regiment was awarded with the battle honour "Noord-Kandahar 2006 en Uruzgan 2006-2009" for operations in Afghanistan, especially for combat operations in 2006 and 2007, the operation Tura Ghar in 2008-2009 and the actions of the doorgunners between 2006 and 2009.
See also
Garderegiment Grenadiers en Jagers
Regiment Stoottroepen Prins Bernhard
References
Bibliography
VOKS Vereniging Oud Korea Strijders / Korea Combatant Club
External links
Official history of the Dutch participation in Korea
Website Regiment van Heutsz
Korean War History of NDVN
Dutch participation in the Korean War
Dutch Re-enactment unit, NDVN 1953
van Heutsz Regiment in Korea
United Nations contingents in Korea
van Heutsz
Military units and formations established in 1950
Netherlands
Gałęzów may refer to the following places:
Gałęzów, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gałęzów, Lublin County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gałęzów, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
The Bureau of Fire Protection (BFP; Filipino: Kawanihan ng Pagtatanggol sa Sunog) is the government body in the Philippines responsible for the provision of fire services. It is under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and Local Government.
Functions and duties
The BFP is responsible for ensuring public safety through the prevention or suppression of all destructive fires on buildings, houses, and other similar structure, forests, and land transportation vehicles and equipment, ships/vessels docked at piers, wharves or anchored at major seaports, petroleum industry installations. It is also responsible for the enforcement of the Fire Code of the Philippines (PD 1185) and other related laws, conduct investigations involving fire incidents and causes thereof including the filing of appropriate complaints/cases.
According to its website, the primary functions of the BFP are
Prevention and suppression of all destructive fires;
Enforcement of the Revised Implementing Rules and Regulations (RIRR) of the Republic Act No. 9514 otherwise known as the Fire Code of the Philippines (PD 1185) and other related laws;
Investigate the causes of fires and if necessary, file a complaint to the city or provincial prosecutor relating to the case;
In events of national emergency, will assist the military on the orders of the President of the Philippines;
And establish at least one fire station with all personnel and equipment per municipality and provincial capital.
History
The BFP was formed from the units of the Integrated National Police's Office of Fire Protection Service on January 29, 1991 through Republic Act No. 6975, which created the present Interior Department and placed the provision of fire services under its control.
Republic Act No. 6975, or the Department of Interior and Local Government Act of 1990, took effect on January 1, 1991 and paved the way for the establishment of the Philippine National Police, BFP and Bureau of Jail Management and Penology as separate entities. Specifically, the Fire Bureau's charter was created under Chapter IV (Section 53 to 59) and carried-out through the provisions of Rule VII (Sections 49 to 58) of the Implementing Rules and Regulations of the act. The organization was then placed under the direct supervision of the DILG undersecretary for peace and order. The Appropriation Act of 1991 also caused the inaugural operation of the BFP on August 2, 1991 as a distinct agency of the government, with the initial preparation of its operation plans and budget (OPB) undertaken by the staff of the Office of the National Chief Fire Marshal at Camp Crame, Quezon City headed by F/Brigadier General Ernesto Madriaga, INP (1990–1992), which took over from the long reign of F/Major Primo D. Cordeta (Ret.), the first chief fire marshal (1978–1989). Madriaga served as the BFP's first acting fire chief/director from 1991 to 1992.
In 2021, Republic Act No.11589, or the BFP Modernization Act, was enacted into law, mandating the implementation of a ten year program to modernize the BFP. The law also enabled the creation of security and protection units (SPUs) in each regional and city fire station and allowed 14 members at most per SPU to bare firearms.
Organization
The BFP has a National Headquarters, a Special Rescue/HAZMAT Unit, an Emergency Medical Services, a Special Operations Unit. an Arson Investigation Unit, the Fire Law Enforcement Service, and the Fire National Training Institute.
Each region in the Philippines has its own BFP fire region, headed by a person with the rank of fire chief superintendent (fire brigadier general) or fire senior superintendent (fire colonel).
Leadership
Commander-in-Chief: Pres. Ferdinand R. Marcos, Jr.
Secretary of the Interior and Local Government (SILG): Sec. Benjamin Abalos Jr.
Undersecretary for Public Safety, DILG: Usec. Serafin P. Barretto Jr., CESO IV
Chief, Bureau of Fire Protection (C, BFP): Fire Dir. Louie S. Puracan, CEO VI
The Deputy Chief for Administration (TDCA): Fire C/Supt. Roel Jeremy G. Diaz
The Deputy Chief for Operations (TDCO): Fire C/Supt. Wilberto Rico Neil A. Kwan Tiu
The Chief of Directorial Staff (TDCS): Fire C/Supt. Jesus P. Fernandez
National Headquarters
Office of the Chief, BFP
Office of the Deputy Chief for Administration
Office of the Deputy Chief for Operations
BFP Directorial Staff
Directorial Staff
Directorate for Intelligence and Investigation
Directorate for Operations
Directorate for Plans and Standard Development
Directorate for Comptrollership
Directorate for Fire Safety Enforcement
Directorate for Logistics
Directorate for Personnel and Records Management
Directorate for Information and Communications Management
Directorate for Human Resource Development
Leadership
Commander-in-Chief: Pres. Ferdinand R. Marcos, Jr.
Secretary of the Interior and Local Government (SILG): Sec. Benjamin Abalos Jr.
Undersecretary for Public Safety, DILG: Usec. Serafin P. Barretto Jr., CESO IV
Chief, Bureau of Fire Protection (C, BFP): Fire Dir. Louie S. Puracan, CEO VI
The Deputy Chief for Administration (TDCA): Fire C/Supt. Roel Jeremy G. Diaz
The Deputy Chief for Operations (TDCO): Fire C/Supt. Wilberto Rico Neil A. Kwan Tiu
The Chief of Directorial Staff (TDCS): Fire C/Supt. Jesus P. Fernandez
Commissioned officers
As of 2021, BFP ranks are equivalent to those in the army.
Fire Director (Major General)
Fire Chief Superintendent (Brigadier General)
Fire Senior Superintendent (Colonel)
Fire Superintendent (Lieutenant Colonel)
Fire Chief Inspector (Major)
Fire Senior Inspector (Captain)
Fire Inspector (1st Lieutenant)
Non-commissioned officers
Senior Fire Officer 4 (Executive Master Sergeant)
Senior Fire Officer 3 (Chief Master Sergeant)
Senior Fire Officer 2 (Senior Master Sergeant)
Senior Fire Officer 1 (Master Sergeant)
Fire Officer 3 (Staff Sergeant)
Fire Officer 2 (Corporal)
Fire Officer 1 (Fireman)
Non-Uniformed Personnel refers to all BFP civilian personnel and employees having no rank. Civil service employees carry their civil service grade.
Equipment
The bureau provides fire appliances depending on the jurisdiction's capabilities. Each city and municipality in the Philippines have one or more fire appliances to serve.
See also
Philippine National Police
Bureau of Jail Management and Penology
References
External links
Fire departments of the Philippines
Government agencies of the Philippines
Department of the Interior and Local Government (Philippines)
Maimai Wanwan Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Maimai languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Yimin
02. Nau'alu
03. Gamu/Ulap
04. Yimut
05. Wundu
06. Yimauwi
07. Yauwo
08. Maimai
09. Aimukuli
10. Mukili (Beli language speakers)
11. Yulem
12. Yemeraba
13. Wemil
14. Leiko (Laeko language speakers)
15. Waniwomoko
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
The 2019 Malaysia Super League () is the 16th season of the Malaysia Super League, the top-tier professional football league in Malaysia.
Johor Darul Ta'zim are the current defending champions from the 2018 Malaysia Super League seasons and will qualify for the group stage of 2019 AFC Champions League.
The first transfer window is from 29 November 2018 to 20 February 2019.
Club licensing regulations
Since the 2018 Malaysia Super League season, as part of the privatization effort, every team in the Liga Super Malaysia must have an FAM Club Licence to play in the league or be relegated. To obtain an FAM Club Licence, teams must be financially healthy and meet certain standards of conduct as organisations.
As in other national leagues, there are significant benefits to being in the top division:
A greater share of television broadcast licence revenues goes to Liga Super Malaysia sides.
Greater exposure through television and higher attendance levels helps Liga Super Malaysia teams attract the most lucrative sponsorship.
Liga Super Malaysia teams develop substantial financial muscle through the combination of television and gate revenues, sponsorship and marketing of their team brands. This allows them to attract and retain skilled players from domestic and international sources and to construct first-class stadium facilities.
Despite several reminders from FAM from the beginning of 2015, however there are few teams failed to get the approval for both AFC and FAM club licenses from First Instance Body (FIB) .
*Updated: 2 January 2019
Teams
Kelantan and Negeri Sembilan were relegated to 2019 Malaysia Premier League after finished 11th and bottom place of last season league. FELDA United and MISC-MIFA promoted to 2019 Malaysia Super League after securing place as champions and third-place in 2018 Malaysia Premier League.
Changes from last season
Team changes
Promoted from the 2018 Malaysia Premier League
FELDA United
Petaling Jaya City FC
Relegated to the 2019 Malaysia Premier League
Kelantan
Negeri Sembilan
Renamed/Rebranded Clubs
MISC-MIFA was rebranded to Petaling Jaya City FC, and located to Petaling Jaya, Selangor.
Notes:
Originally FELCRA were promoted along with FELDA United to the 2019 Malaysia Super League, but after Felcra announced their withdrawal from the Super League participation, MISC-MIFA, the next highest team in the Premier League table, were invited as replacement.
Clubs locations
Venues
Personnel, kit and sponsoring
Coaching changes
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Foreign players
Southeast Asia (SEA) players need to have acquired at least 30 international caps for their senior national team with no period restriction on when caps are earned and those who has less than 30 international caps will be subjected to FMLLP approval.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one FIFA and non-FIFA nationality.
Players name in bold indicates the player is registered during the mid-season transfer window.
Foreign players who left their clubs or were de-registered from playing squad due to medical issues or other matters.
Naturalisation players
Notes:
Carrying Malaysian heritage.
Participated in the Malaysia national team squad.
League table
Result table
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches.In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards.
Season statistics
Top scorers
Players sorted first by goals, then by last name.
Top assists
As of matches played 21 July 2019.
Clean sheets
Players sorted first by clean sheets, then by last name.
See also
2019 Malaysia Premier League
2019 Malaysia M3 League
2019 Malaysia M4 League
2019 Malaysia FA Cup
2019 Malaysia Cup
2019 Malaysia Challenge Cup
2019 Piala Presiden
2019 Piala Belia
List of Malaysian football first transfers 2019
References
External links
Football Association of Malaysia website
Malaysian Football League website
Malaysia Super League
Malaysia Super League seasons
1
Mohamed Boumezrag Olympic Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Chlef, Algeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ASO Chlef. The stadium holds 18,000 people.
References
External links
Stade Mohamed Boumezrag - soccerway.com
StadiumDB page
Football venues in Algeria
Buildings and structures in Chlef Province
ASO Chlef
David Noel Redding (25 December 1945 – 11 May 2003) was an English rock musician, best known as the bass player for the Jimi Hendrix Experience and guitarist/singer for Fat Mattress.
Following his departure from the Experience in 1969 and the dissolution of Fat Mattress in 1970, Redding formed the short-lived group Road in the United States, which released the self-titled album Road before he re-located to Clonakilty, Ireland, in 1972. There he formed the Noel Redding Band with former Thin Lizzy guitarist Eric Bell, with whom he released two albums. Although by the 1980s Redding had largely removed himself from the music business, he would later perform around his new hometown with wife Carol Appleby.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992 as a member of the Jimi Hendrix Experience.
Biography
Background
Redding was born at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Folkestone, Kent, to Bromley-born Margaret (née Berggren) and Horace Albert Redding. He grew up on Cliff Road, Seabrook, where his mother ran a guest house, with his mother, his Swedish-born grandmother, his brother Anthony, and his sister Vicki. He attended St Leonards Primary school in Hythe, and the Harvey Grammar School in Folkestone. At the age of nine he played violin at school, and then mandolin and guitar. His first public appearances were at the Hythe Youth Club, and at his school.
At 17 Redding became a professional musician and toured clubs in Scotland and Germany with Neil Landon and the Burnettes (formed in late 1962) and the Loving Kind (formed in November 1965). In addition, the Lonely Ones reunited in September 1964, and Redding remained with them a year before taking his leave.
The Jimi Hendrix Experience
Upon his arrival in England in September 1966, Jimi Hendrix and his producer/manager Chas Chandler set about finding backing musicians. Although Redding had played guitar up to that point, he switched to bass guitar and became the second member of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, followed shortly by drummer Mitch Mitchell, to form a power trio. With the group, he recorded three landmark albums: Are You Experienced, Axis: Bold as Love, and Electric Ladyland. Redding also wrote and sang lead on two songs, "Little Miss Strange" and "She's So Fine". His playing style was distinguished by the use of a pick, a mid-range "trebly" sound, and in later years the use of fuzz and distortion effects through overdriven Sunn amps. For the bass line in "Red House", Redding played the bass strings on a normal six-string guitar.
By 1969, Hendrix was performing and recording with a number of different musicians. Without consulting Redding, Hendrix announced that he intended to expand the group. Redding responded by quitting the Experience during the American tour on 29 June 1969, and returned to England. However, when Hendrix's attempts to form a new group were unsuccessful, his manager, Michael Jeffery, tried to reunite the Experience in early 1970. The three were interviewed by Rolling Stone magazine to announce the reformation, but ultimately Redding was passed over in favour of bassist Billy Cox, who had performed with Hendrix at Woodstock and on the Band of Gypsys album with Buddy Miles.
Fat Mattress
In 1968, Redding formed the group Fat Mattress with another Kent musician, Neil Landon. The band also included Jim Leverton on bass and keyboards and Eric Dillon on drums. Redding played guitar and vocals, and a key part of the Fat Mattress sound was the vocal harmonies between him, Landon and Leverton. The band initially toured in support of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, requiring Redding to play two full sets each night. He left Fat Mattress after only one album with them, though some of his compositions would appear on their second album.
Later years
Redding soon went on to other projects. While living in Los Angeles, he formed Road, a three-piece in the same psychedelic hard rock vein as the Experience, with Rod Richards (ex-Rare Earth) on guitar and Les Sampson on drums, and Redding switching back to bass. They released one album, Road (1972), with the three members taking turns on lead vocals.
Redding moved to Ireland in 1972. He formed the Noel Redding Band with Eric Bell (from Thin Lizzy), Dave Clarke, Les Sampson, and Robbie Walsh. Despite the band's name, Redding shared songwriting and lead vocal duties equally with Clarke. They released two albums for RCA, three tours of the Netherlands, two tours of England, one tour of Ireland, and a 10-week tour in the US. The band dissolved after a dispute with their management company. Tracks recorded for a third unreleased album were later released as The Missing Album on Mouse Records.
In his book Are You Experienced?, co-authored with his wife Carol Appleby, he spoke openly about his disappointment in his being cut off from the profits of the continued sale of the Hendrix recordings. He had signed away his royalties in 1974, and in 1980 sold the bass guitar he used with the Experience to a collector. Redding had received $100,000 as a one-off payment after he had been told that there would be no more releases of Jimi Hendrix Experience material. This was before the advent of CDs and DVDs.
In 1990, Redding and Appleby were involved in a car crash returning home from a concert in Glounthaune. Appleby was left brain dead by the accident, with Redding later stating that "she was in intensive care on life support and after four days I had to make the terrible decision of shutting down the machine". They had been together for seventeen years and, just two days prior to the accident, Appleby had finished helping Redding co-write his autobiography.
In 1997, Fender produced the Noel Redding Signature Jazz bass in a signed limited edition of 1000. Premiered at the NAMM Show in January 1997, the bass was based on the 1964 Jazz bass which Redding used throughout his time with the Experience. Redding tracked down the person to whom he had sold the bass some years prior, who agreed to allow Fender to inspect it. Redding stating that "Fender got the original bass from him, copied it, and sent me a prototype, and it was exactly the same as my original bass; they did a brilliant job".
After meeting San Francisco musician and songwriter Keith Dion in London during the awarding of an English Heritage Blue Plaque Award in 1997, Redding performed several tours across the United States with Dion's band "3:05 AM". Recordings from these tours were released on the UK and European releases "West Cork Tuning" and "Stone Free". Video footage from these tours was shown in May 2014 during the now annual Noel Redding Tribute Festival held in Clonakilty each year. Positive feedback was also received from the Irish Cultural Minister and the head of the Irish Film Board.
In 2002, a live album Live From Bunkr Prague was released. Predominantly made up of Experience material, the concert was recorded in 1995 in the Czech Republic with guitarist and singer Anthony Krizan of the Spin Doctors, rhythm guitarist Ivan Kral of the Patti Smith Group and drummer Frankie LaRocka. The band rehearsed for a mere 45 minutes before performing. Vaclav Havel, the then President of the Czech Republic watched from the side of the stage.
Redding's last performance was in Clonakilty at De Barras pub, where he had held the Friday night residency for nearly 20 years, performing with some of the local musicians who appeared on his last album Thank You, Goodnight and Good Luck including Steve Pawsey, Jeff Ward, Jim O'Neil, Eric Bell and Les Sampson.
Death
Redding was found dead in his home in Clonakilty on 11 May 2003, three weeks after the death of his mother. A postmortem was carried out on 13 May at Cork University Hospital in Wilton, Cork. The report concluded that Redding died from "shock haemorrhage due to oesophageal varices in reaction to cirrhosis of the liver". He was 57 years old; he was survived by a brother, a sister, and a son, Nicolas Noel Redding, by his former wife, Danish-born Susanne.
Legacy
In the village of Ardfield, local people erected a plaque to Redding's memory. His then partner, the US-born Deborah McNaughton, had returned to America where she died from breast cancer nine months after Redding's death.
Three months prior to his death, Redding had threatened to sue Experience Hendrix, LLC, the company that manages the Hendrix catalogue, for £3.26 million in lost earnings. The estate rejected his claim and went on to release a posthumous compilation album entitled The Experience Sessions in 2004. Along with unreleased takes of Redding-penned Experience album tracks "She's So Fine" and "Little Miss Strange", the album contained unreleased songs recorded by The Jimi Hendrix Experience which Redding had written whilst with the band. Most of the tracks are outtakes from the Axis: Bold As Love and Electric Ladyland albums, and feature Redding on guitar with Hendrix on bass. It also featured a live version of Hendrix's "Red House" with Redding on rhythm guitar. Notably the album features the song "Dream", but omits the other Redding-penned song "Dance" which was recorded during the same session on which Hendrix participated on bass. Written by Redding for drummer Mitch Mitchell to sing, Hendrix would later take Redding's guitar riff and use it for his own song "Ezy Rider", which was first released on the posthumous album The Cry of Love.
A town square in Redding's hometown of Folkestone was renamed "Noel's Yard" as a memorial, described as being "a public 'Theatre in a Square' which promotes commerce, the arts, entertainment, as well as the best of British seaside living within a vibrant and safe creative community".
In 2013, an art exhibition was organised to mark the 10th anniversary of Redding's death. It was opened by his brother Anthony.
Discography
The Loving Kind
"Accidental Love" / "Nothing Can Change This Love" (Piccadilly 7N 35299) 1966
"Love the Things You Do" / "Treat Me Nice" (Piccadilly 7N 35318) 1966
"Ain't That Peculiar" / "With Rhyme and Reason" (Piccadilly 7N 35342) 1966
The Jimi Hendrix Experience
For a more complete listing of Redding's recordings with Hendrix, see Jimi Hendrix discography and Jimi Hendrix posthumous discography.
Are You Experienced (1967)
Axis: Bold as Love (1967)
Electric Ladyland (1968)
Fat Mattress
Fat Mattress (1969)
Fat Mattress II (1970)
"Naturally" / "Iridescent Butterfly" (1969)
"Magic Lanterns" / "Bright New Way" (1969)
"Highway" / "Black Sheep of the Family" (1970, co-wrote the A-side only, no performance)
Road
Road (1972)
Randy California
Kapt. Kopter and the (Fabulous) Twirly Birds (1972, appears pseudonymously on three songs)
Noel Redding Band (also known as the Clonakilty Cowboys)
Clonakilty Cowboys (1975)
Blowin' (1976)
The Missing Album (1995)
"Roller Coaster Kids" / "Snowstorm"
"Take It Easy" / "Back on the Road Again"
Lord Sutch and Heavy Friends
Lord Sutch and Heavy Friends (1970)
British Invasion All-Stars
British Invasion All-Stars (2001)
305 AM and Keith Dion
West Cork Tuning (2001)
West Coast Experience (2002)
Stone Free (2003)
On Tour with 305 AM (2003)
West Cork Tuning Deluxe Edition (2003)
Noel Redding and Friends
Live From Bunkr Prague (2002)
Thank You, Goodnight and Gud' Luck (2009)
Yardbirds Experience
Family Tree: Birds of a Feather (2006)
References
Sources
Obituary from Billboard.com
1945 births
2003 deaths
Deaths from cirrhosis
English rock singers
English male singer-songwriters
Rhythm guitarists
English rock guitarists
English rock bass guitarists
British rhythm and blues boom musicians
People from Folkestone
Musicians from Kent
The Jimi Hendrix Experience members
People educated at The Harvey Grammar School
English expatriates in Ireland
Alcohol-related deaths in Ireland
Male bass guitarists
20th-century English bass guitarists
21st-century English bass guitarists
English people of Swedish descent
Screaming Lord Sutch and the Savages members
The Noel Redding Band members
Fat Mattress members
Lord Sutch and Heavy Friends members
20th-century British male singers
Blues rock musicians
Opisthoteuthis grimaldii is an octopus found near the Azores.
O. grimaldii lives in the Northeast Atlantic Ocean from deep. This species lives far deeper than other Opisthoteuthis members in the Atlantic. The type specimen, upon which the species' description was based, was captured near Faial Island. The octopus has been found as far south as Namibian waters and as far north as British waters. In the early 1900s, many octopuses living all over the Atlantic and Indian oceans were classed as Opisthoteuthis grimaldii, but later scientists decided that only those specimens found in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean actually belonged to the species.
This octopus occupies in the bathyal zone, a deep area of the ocean where no sunlight reaches. Like many other cirrate octopuses, it lives on or just above the seafloor.
Opisthoteuthis grimaldii is anatomically very similar to Opisthoteuthis borealis, but the two species have differently structured digestive systems. It has also been confused with Opisthoteuthis massyae.
The octopus is only known from male specimens. The largest specimen was long, which is neither very large nor very small for an opisthoteuthid. Mature males have a few enlarged suckers on each arm; enlarged suckers are typical for males in the genus Opisthoteuthis. One potential female specimen has been found; however, it may not belong to the species.
The octopus has between 73 and 80 suckers on each arm. A fleshy web almost entirely covers O. grimaldii's arms. Like many cirrate octopuses, it doesn't have a radula.
References
Octopuses
Molluscs described in 1903
Molluscs of the Atlantic Ocean
Marine molluscs of Africa
Marine molluscs of Europe
Getting wet may refer to:
Coming to be affected by moisture
Coming to be affected by wetting
The onset of vaginal lubrication
See also
Get Wet (disambiguation)
Wet (disambiguation)
General Roy Stone's Centennial Monorail was demonstrated at the Centennial International Exhibition of 1876, the first official World's Fair in the U.S., which was held in Philadelphia (Pennsylvania) to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.
Technology
The track was approx 155 m (170 yards) long and joined the Horticultural Hall and the Agricultural Hall in Fairmount Park. It was used by one elaborately decorated double-decker railcar in Victorian art deco style. It had two load-bearing double-flange wheels, of which one was driven by a rotary steam engine of the "La France" type.
The concept was similar to that of the Lartigue Monorail: The load-bearing rail was installed on top of wooden A-frames. 1,346 mm (4 feet 5-inch) below there were two guide-rails for balancing the vehicle. The load-bearing wheels had a diameter of 711 mm (28-inch). The boiler was similar to that of conventional steam engines: it was 6,400 mm (21 feet) long with a diameter of 863 mm (34 inch). The driver's cabin was at the rear end, and just below there were two water tanks with coal heaped behind them.
A modified version of this demonstrator was exploited in 1878 on the Bradford & Foster Brook Railway in Pennsylvania.
References
Monorails
Defunct monorails
Monorails in the United States
19th century in Philadelphia
1876 establishments in Pennsylvania
1876 in the United States
1876 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
1876 in Pennsylvania
Defunct Pennsylvania railroads
Centennial Exposition
Fairmount Park
Setniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References
Setniki
Tristan and Iseult is a children's novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and was first published in 1971. A re-telling of the ancient legend, it received the Boston-Globe Horn Book Award in 1972, and was runner-up for the 1972 Carnegie Medal.
It is set primarily in Cornwall, and is Sutcliff's retelling of the Tristan and Iseult legend. Sutcliff tells the story again in an almost identical manner, albeit greatly shortened, in a chapter of her later Arthurian novel The Sword and the Circle (1981).
Plot summary
Tristan is depicted as a prince of Lothian, whose father, King Rivalin married the sister of Mark of Cornwall, making Tristan the nephew of King Mark. Tristan's mother is shown as dying in his childbirth, and his name as being from the Latin root word trista, reflecting the sadness of Rivalin at the loss of his wife.
He journeys to the Kingdom of Cornwall in effort to prove himself, and enters the service of King Mark without revealing his identity. After defeating the Irish champion Morholt, Tristan's identity is revealed, and his position as Champion of Cornwall solidified. Having been wounded by the poisoned blade of Morholt, Tristan wastes away, eventually being set adrift in a boat by his own choice. He lands on the shores of Ireland, and his healed by the skills of Iseult of Ireland, although without actually meeting her.
Upon returning to Cornwall, he is involved in a move to have King Mark marry. Tristan is sent on a quest to find a bride for the king, and winds up once again in Ireland. Tristan defeats a dragon, is once again healed by Iseult, and though given her hand in marriage as reward, promises to bring her back to Cornwall as bride for his Uncle. These events are shown in light of bringing peace to an ongoing war between the two kingdoms. Tristan and Iseult are stranded on a distant shore for a few days, delaying their return to Cornwall, and cementing their own love for each other, despite the commitments of circumstances. Sutcliff herself states that she intentionally left out the love potion as something 'artificial'.
Upon returning to Cornwall, Iseult is wedded to King Mark. She and Tristan both seek to behave honorably by maintaining a distance between themselves. They eventually end up having a clandestine relationship, and are caught by King Mark. After various conflicts, Tristan is banished from Cornwall, and travels to Brittany, entering the service of King Hoel of Brittany. Tristan befriends Hoel's son Kahedin, and is married to Hoel's daughter, Iseult of the White Hands. The relationship is never consummated, with Tristan pining away for Iseult of Ireland. Kahedin is killed by the husband of his own original love, after a successful visit aided by Tristan. Tristan is once again sorely wounded, and sends for Iseult of Ireland to come and heal him. The returning ship is to unfurl white sails if it returns with her, and black sails if not, much like the story of Theseus returning to his father. Iseult of the White Hands lies to Tristan out of jealousy, saying that the sails are black, and he dies. Iseult of Ireland finds him dead, and dies by his side. They are buried together back in Cornwall, with a hazel tree growing from his heart and a honeysuckle from hers, intertwining above their graves.
As in many of her novels, Sutcliff depicts these ancient and legendary stories in a realistic fashion. She also focuses on the themes of individuals bound by obligation, also using the visual balance between the dark haired Tristan and the blonde haired Iseult.
References
External links
Official website with more on book and author
1971 British novels
Novel
British children's novels
Novels by Rosemary Sutcliff
Novels set in Cornwall
The Bodley Head books
1971 children's books
Modern Arthurian fiction
Arthurian literature in English
Greendale Cemetery, in Meadville, Pennsylvania is a publicly owned, non-profit rural cemetery. Many notable people including a Supreme Court Justice, several congressmen, soldiers and inventors are interred in the cemetery.
History
As early as 1788, in the year in which he founded the town that now bears his name, David Mead recognized the need to establish a local burial ground. In 1811 he deeded land at the present day corner of Randolph Street and Park Avenue to the Presbyterian Church. In 1813 it was enclosed by a fence. At that time, it cost $0.50 to bury an adult, $0.25 for a child, and $1.00 for a "stranger".
By the middle of the nineteenth century, the limited size of the cemetery and its location in the middle of the growing downtown district suggested the relocation of the burial ground. Several leading citizens of the community agreed to take on the task and arranged for the purchase of land parcels at the end of Randolph Street, some in Meadville itself and many in what is now West Mead Township. They were successful, and the new grounds were incorporated as the Meadville Cemetery. On March 11, 1852 the remains in the Randolph Street Cemetery were disinterred and moved to the present day location. Though they were placed in one large grave, the individual grave markers were also moved and may be found in a central section of Greendale.
In 1853 the area gained a new name as Greendale Cemetery and designation as both a park and a burial ground. Though a municipal project, it had been created by private citizens for the community. In accordance with Pennsylvania law and its charter, it was to be administered by an independent board of corporators and managers elected by that board and operate on a non-profit basis as a service to area residents.
An archway was built at the cemetery's entrance in 1865 at a cost of $315. In 1874, a receiving vault was erected for $2,100. In 1875, the house originally built in 1856 for the sexton was moved within the gated area, and designated the superintendent's home.
Herman Munz was hired in 1875 to plant the grounds. Today more than 1,500 rhododendrons decorate the grounds.
The cemetery offers lantern tours of the site during the month of October.
Notable burials
Henry Baldwin (judge) (January 14, 1780 – April 21, 1844) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from January 18, 1830, to April 21, 1844.
Stephen Barlow (Pennsylvania politician) (June 13, 1779 – August 24, 1845) was a Jacksonian member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Arthur Laban Bates (June 6, 1859 – August 26, 1934) was a U.S. Representative from the state of Pennsylvania.
John Dick (politician) (June 17, 1794 – May 29, 1872) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Samuel Bernard Dick (October 26, 1836 – May 10, 1907) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Patrick Farrelly (1770 – January 12, 1826) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John Wilson Farrelly (July 7, 1809 – December 20, 1860) was a Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Darwin Abel Finney (August 11, 1814 – August 25, 1868) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Athelston Gaston (April 24, 1838 – September 23, 1907) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John W. Howe (1801 – December 1, 1873) was a Free Soil and Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Henry Shippen Huidekoper (July 17, 1839 – November 9, 1918) was a Pennsylvania soldier, author, postmaster, and businessman.
Solomon Newton Pettis (October 10, 1827 – September 18, 1900) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
J. Monroe Reisinger (October 28, 1842 – May 25, 1925), American soldier, Medal of Honor recipient
Hiram Lawton Richmond (May 17, 1810 – February 19, 1885) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Gideon Sundback (April 24, 1880 – June 21, 1954) was a Swede-American inventor, businessman and resident of Meadville, Pennsylvania associated with the development of the zipper.
References
Cemeteries in Pennsylvania
Rural cemeteries
María de Echachute (died in Logrono 1 November 1610), was one of the victims of the Basque witch trials, and one of six people executed by over hundreds of accused.
She was from Ezpeleta (Lapurdi) in Navarre. She was arrested by the inquisitor Valle Alvarado in 1609. She was accused of having attended the famous Witches Sabbath in Zugarramurdi. She was brought to Logroño and investigated for witchcraft by the Spanish Inquisition.
She repeatedly denied the accusations against her and refused to confess. The goal of the Inquisition was not to execute people but to make them confess, regret and denounce their actions, after which they were normally pardoned. This procedure was however not possible when the accused refused to confess guilty, and this refusal was the reason to why she sentenced to death. She, and five other of the accused who refused to confess guilty, were all sentenced to be burned alive at the stake for witchcraft. On 1 November 1610 she was one of the six people of the accused from the Basque witch trials to be burned alive at the stake in Logrono; all of them were from Zugurramurdi, and had refused to confess guilty. They were burned with the remains of five others who had died in prison before the execution.
References
17th-century Spanish women
People executed for witchcraft
Witch trials in Spain
1610 deaths
People executed by Spain by burning
People executed by the Spanish Inquisition
17th-century executions by Spain
The 1908 Saskatchewan general election was held on August 14, 1908 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. Premier Walter Scott and his Liberal Party were re-elected for a second term, defeating the Provincial Rights Party of Frederick W. A. G. Haultain.
Note:
William Turgeon ran in two ridings, in Duck Lake he won and in Prince Albert City where he lost.
Members of the Legislative Assembly elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1908 elections in Canada
1908 in Saskatchewan
1908
August 1908 events
The 514th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force (USAF) organization. Its last assignment was with the 31st Air Division at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, Minnesota. It was inactivated on 18 August 1955. The group was originally activated as a support group for the 319th Bombardment Group in Italy at the end of World War II. After the end of combat in Europe, it deployed to Okinawa, where it was inactivated.
The group was activated once again in 1953, when Air Defense Command (ADC) established it as the headquarters for a dispersed fighter-interceptor squadron and the medical, maintenance, and administrative squadrons supporting it. It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 475th Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II.
History
World War II
The group was activated as the 514th Air Service Group in late 1944, absorbing its personnel and equipment from the 306th Service Group as part of a reorganization of Army Air Forces (AAF) support groups in which the AAF replaced service groups that included personnel from other branches of the Army and supported two combat groups with air service groups including only Air Corps units. The group drew its personnel and equipment from the disbanded 306th Service Group The 514th was designed to support a single combat group. Its 940th Air Engineering Squadron provided maintenance that was beyond the capability of the combat group, its 764th Air Material Squadron handled all supply matters, and its Headquarters & Base Services Squadron provided other support. The 514th supported the 319th Bombardment Group in Italy, then returned to the United States for transfer to the Pacific Theater. The group sailed from Naples, Italy to Boston, Massachusetts. Upon arrival in the United States members of the group received 30-day leaves, following which the group reassembled in South Carolina.
The 514th staged through Fort Lawton, Washington and the Caroline Islands before arriving on Okinawa. The unit performed same mission on Okinawa as it had in Italy. The group was awarded credit for participation in the Ryukus Campaign. It was disbanded in 1948.
Cold War
The 514th was redesignated as an air defense group, reconstituted and activated at Minneapolis-St Paul International Airport in 1953. with responsibility for air defense from its base in the upper midwestern United States. The group was initially assigned the 18th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was already stationed at Minneapolis-St Paul, where it flew World War II era North American F-51 Mustangs, as its operational component. The 18th had previously been assigned directly to the 31st Air Division. The group replaced the 72d Air Base Squadron as host active duty USAF unit at Minneapolis-St Paul Airport. It was assigned three squadrons to perform its support responsibilities.
The 18th Squadron upgraded to North American F-86 Sabre jet fighters in July 1953, then to a later model F-86 in December. It finally replaced its F-86s with airborne intercept radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed Northrop F-89 Scorpions in January 1954. In September 1954, the 18th moved to Alaska and was reassigned. A second operational squadron, the 337th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, had been activated and assigned to the group earlier in 1954. The 337th flew F-89s while assigned to the group. The group inactivated with its mission, personnel and equipment being transferred to the 475th Fighter Group (Defense) in 1955 as part of Air Defense Command's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The group was disbanded once again in 1984.
Lineage
Constituted as 514th Air Service Group
Activated on 27 December 1944
Inactivated on 4 January 1946
Disbanded on 8 October 1948
Reconstituted and redesignated 514th Air Defense Group on 21 January 1953
Activated on 18 February 1953
Inactivated on 18 August 1955
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Assignments
Unknown, 27 December 1944 – July 1945 (probably XV Air Force Service Command until January 1945)
VII Bomber Command, ca. 3 July 1945 – 4 January 1946
31st Air Division, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Components
Operational Squadrons
18th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 18 February 1953 – 1 September 1954
337th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 8 July 1954 – 18 August 1955
Support Units
514th Air Base Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
514th Material Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
514th Medical Squadron (later 514th USAF Infirmary), 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
764th Air Material Squadron, 27 December 1944 – 4 January 1946
940th Air Engineering Squadron, 27 December 1944 – 4 January 1946
Stations
Serragia Airfield, Corsica, France 27 December 1944 – 8 January 1945
Capodichino Airport, Naples, Italy, 8 January 1945 – 16 January 1945
Bradley Field, CT, ca. 25 January 1945 – ca. 25 January 1945
Columbia Army Air Base, South Carolina, ca. 25 February 1945 – 26 April 1945
Fort Lawton, Washington, May 1945 – May 1945
Kadena Air Base, Okinawa July 1945 – 33 July 1945
Machinato Air Base, Okinawa 3 July 1945 – 4 January 1946
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, Minnesota, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Aircraft
North American F-51D Mustang 1953
North American F-86A Sabre 1953
North American F-86F Sabre 1953–1954
Northrop F-89D Scorpion 1954–1955
Awards and campaigns
See also
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
F-89 Scorpion units of the United States Air Force
Notes
Explanatory Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Further reading
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
0514
Aerospace Defense Command units
Military units and formations disestablished in 1984
Military units and formations established in 1953
Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport
Andreas Kanonidis (Greek: Ανδρέας Κανονίδης; born July 26, 1991) is a Greek professional basketball player for Amyntas of the Greek A2 League. He is 2.01 m (6 ft 7 in) tall and he can play at both the small forward and power forward positions.
Professional career
Kanonidis started playing basketball with the Asteria Thessaloniki and Panionios Athens youth teams in Greece. He began his professional career during the 2008–09 season, with the Greek League club Panionios. In 2010, he moved to Ilysiakos and then in 2012, he joined Maroussi.
He then played with Peristeri, before moving to Rethymno, and then Koroivos.
On August 24, 2015, he signed with the Greek 2nd Division club Doxa Lefkadas. In 2017, he joined the Greek 3rd Division club Ionikos Nikaias, where he achieved subsequent 3rd Division and 2nd Division championships and promotions in the two seasons he spent with them.
In 2019, Kanonidis signed with Dafni Dafniou. He averaged 15.8 points, 8.6 rebounds, 2.8 assists and 1.3 steals per game. Kanonidis signed with Amyntas on September 12, 2020. He averaged 16 points, 9.7 rebounds, 2.7 assists and 1.1 steals per game. Kanonidis re-signed with the team on August 29, 2021.
National team career
Kanonidis played with the junior national basketball teams of Greece. With Greece's junior national teams, he played at the 2007 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.
References
External links
Euroleague.net Profile
FIBA Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
1991 births
Living people
Amyntas B.C. players
Doukas B.C. players
Doxa Lefkadas B.C. players
Greek men's basketball players
Greek Basket League players
Ilysiakos B.C. players
Ionikos Nikaias B.C. players
Koroivos B.C. players
Maroussi B.C. players
Panionios B.C. players
Peristeri B.C. players
Power forwards (basketball)
Rethymno B.C. players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Basketball players from Athens
Sargocentron ensifer, or the yellow-striped squirrelfish, is a member of the family Holocentridae. It is native to the Pacific Ocean from southern Japan to New Caledonia, Hawaii and the Pitcairn Islands. It lives in deep reefs at depths between , hiding in crevices by day and foraging for food by night. It feeds on small fishes and crustaceans and can reach sizes of up to SL, though a length of TL is more common.
References
External links
ensifer
Fish described in 1859
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
"The Roses of Success" is a song and musical number from the popular 1968 motion picture Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. In the film, it is sung when Grandpa Potts (played by Lionel Jeffries) is caught in the Vulgarian inventors' workshop and is forced to modify a car that floats or face the consequences. The other imprisoned inventors sing this song in the hopes that they might cheer up the despondent Grandpa. He is cheered up and sings along, but in the end the car collapses. The song is also featured prominently in the 2002 and 2005 stage musical versions of the film. In American TV broadcasts of the 1968 motion picture, this song is often cut to fit into a two-hour time slot. The song was written by the Sherman Brothers.
Literary sources
Sherman, Robert B. Walt's Time: from before to beyond, Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
Roses of Success, The
Roses of Success, The
Songs written by the Sherman Brothers
Songs written for films
Perugu may refer to
Curd (India), Indian word for yogurt
Perugu Ramakrishna, Indian poet and writer
Perugu Siva Reddy, Indian eye surgeon
Surnames of Indian origin
Scopula misera is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found on the Tenimbar Islands and Flores.
Subspecies
Scopula misera misera (Flores)
Scopula misera subtincta (Warren, 1896) (Tenimbar Islands)
References
Moths described in 1866
misera
Moths of Indonesia
The 1907 Giro di Lombardia was the third edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 3 November 1907. The race started in Milan and finished in Sesto San Giovanni. The race was won by Gustave Garrigou of the Peugeot team.
General classification
References
1907
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Shasta Hanchett Park is a historic residence park and neighborhood in the greater Rose Garden district of central San Jose, California, near Downtown San Jose and The Alameda.
History
Hanchett Residence Park was developed beginning in 1907 by Lewis E. Hanchett on the site of the Agricultural Park amusement and exhibition grounds west of the Alameda. Hanchett provided electric streetlights, streetcar service, and a modern sewer system. The streets were laid out by John McLaren, supervisor and designer of Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, who located the utility poles in backyards to keep the sidewalks open and specified the trees to be planted 20 feet apart on each street. Most of the houses were built between 1915 and 1930 in Craftsman, Mission Revival, and Spanish eclectic styles; there are a few Prairie style houses and some Queen Anne style Victorian houses dating to before the development. Hanchett Park contains San Jose's greatest concentration of 1910–20 Craftsman houses.
Many of the neighborhood street have Yosemite National Park themed names: Sequoia Avenue, Mariposa Avenue, Yosemite Avenue, Sierra Avenue.
Together with the adjacent Hester Park, developed in 1893 and also laid out by McLaren, Hanchett Park has been designated a Historic Conservation Area by the City of San Jose: the Hanchett and Hester Park Conservation Area is bounded by the Alameda and Mariposa, Park, and Magnolia Avenues. Some of Hester Park was annexed by the city in 1911; Hanchett Park and most of Hester Park were annexed at the same time as College Park in 1925.
Alameda Gardens was first developed in the mid-19th century by Commodore Robert F. Stockton, who ordered pre-fabricated two-story houses to be made in Philadelphia and Massachusetts and shipped to San Francisco; all were identical except for one larger house at the end of Spring Street. The subdivision attracted few buyers until the streetcar line made it more accessible.
Geography
Shasta Hanchett Park is part of the greater Rose Garden district of Central San Jose, California, making up the eastern portion of Rose Garden. The Alameda forms its eastern boundary, where it also borders St. Leo's.
It is made up of the Hanchett Park and Hester Park residence parks.
References
External links
Shasta/Hanchett Park Neighborhood Association
Neighborhoods in San Jose, California
Florence Hope Luscomb (February 6, 1887 – October 13, 1985) was an American architect and women's suffrage activist in Massachusetts. She was one of the first ten women graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her degrees were in architecture. Luscomb became a partner in an early woman-owned architecture firm before work in the field became scarce during World War I. She then dedicated herself fully to activism in the women's suffrage movement, becoming a prominent leader of Massachusetts suffragists.
Early life
Luscomb was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, the daughter of Hannah Skinner (Knox) and Otis Luscomb. Her father was an unsuccessful artist. Her mother was a dedicated suffragist and women's rights activist. When Florence was one and a half years old, her parents separated and she moved with her mother to Boston, while her older brother, Otis Kerro Luscomb, lived with their father. As a child in Boston, she went with her mother to women's suffrage events, at one point seeing Susan B. Anthony speak. She became an ardent suffragist, initially by selling a pro-suffrage newspaper on the street.
Education and early career
Luscomb was among the first ten women to earn a degree in architecture from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Women still experienced significant challenges during her tenure there. For example, Luscomb had to inquire at twelve firms before one of them would hire her for an internship after her second year.
Following her graduation, she was hired by Ida Annah Ryan, the sixth woman to earn an architecture degree from M.I.T. Later, she would become a partner in Ryan's firm. Ryan and Luscomb shared an interest in women's suffrage and Ryan gave Luscomb a degree of flexibility at work that allowed her to be active in the women's suffrage movement. During this time, Luscomb helped organize various events for the suffrage movement and, during a public debate on adding a suffrage amendment to the state constitution, gave more than 200 speeches in 14 weeks.
She later continued her education in architecture at the newly opened Cambridge School of Architecture and Landscape Architecture in 1916.
In addition to her work with Ryan, she began working with local architect Henry Atherton Frost and landscape architect Bremer Whidden Pond. Due to the entrance of the United States into World War I in 1917, new construction slumped and her architectural career was put on hiatus.
New career begun during WWI
She accepted a position as executive secretary for the Boston Equal Suffrage Association for Good Government. She went on to work for a number of organizations in the Boston area, including the Boston chapters of the League of Women Voters, the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, and organizations dedicated to prison reform and factory safety. She was a charter member of the League of Women Voters, formed once women gained the vote. Luscomb also helped found a local of the United Office and Professional Workers of America and served as a volunteer with the local NAACP and ACLU. From 1911, she considered herself a citizen of the world, traveling to nations across Europe and Asia for conferences, yet she retained pride in her Yankee heritage. Her political views were well-developed and unique.
Upon her mother's death in 1933, Luscomb inherited enough money that she could dedicate her time fully to activism. She ran for public office four times, more to make her causes visible than to win. She nearly won the first race she entered, for Boston Council in 1922. Her campaigns for races for Congress in 1936 and 1950 and for governor in 1952 were largely in protest. An ardent anti-McCarthyist, she was at one point called to testify before a committee in the Massachusetts legislature that was investigating communism. She wrote an early anti-Vietnam War leaflet and later, would advise some of the founders of the American feminist movement, encouraging them to include the poor and women of color.
Luscomb designed her own holiday cabin in Tamworth, New Hampshire. After WWII and until the 1970s, she spent her summers there, contributing to the Appalachian Mountain Club.
She had lived in various cooperative houses after her mother's death, including a Cambridge cooperative house at 64 Wendell Street. Luscomb lived there until 1980, when she moved into an elder-care facility in Watertown, Massachusetts, where she died October 13, 1985, at age 98.
Commemorations
In 1999 a commemorative series of six tall marble panels with a bronze bust in each was added to the Massachusetts State House. The busts are of Luscomb, Dorothea Dix, Mary Kenney O'Sullivan, Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin, Sarah Parker Remond, and Lucy Stone. As well, two quotations from each of those women (including Luscomb) are etched on their individual marble panel, and the wall behind all the panels has wallpaper designed with six government documents repeated over and over, with each document being related to a cause of one or more of the women.
She is commemorated on the Boston Women's Heritage Trail.
External links
Florence Hope Luscomb Papers, 1856-1987
Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University
References
1887 births
1985 deaths
20th-century American architects
American women architects
MIT School of Architecture and Planning alumni
American suffragists
Women's International League for Peace and Freedom people
People from Lowell, Massachusetts
Architects from Boston
Activists from Massachusetts
20th-century American women
A Missional community is a group of people, about the size of an extended family, who are united through Christian community around a common service and witness to a particular neighborhood or network of relationships. The Missional Community doesn't exist for anything less than making disciples of Jesus among these networks or neighborhoods. The participants of missional communities find their primary identity of “church” within the missional community, rather than a larger worship service or small group. In essence, this group of people becomes a close-knit spiritual family on mission together.
General characteristics
Missional Communities (MCs) are designed to be a flexible, local expression of church, not dependent on typical church buildings or church services. MCs have been described as “small enough to care but large enough to dare.” Missional Communities may be called by other names, such as Clusters, Go Communities, Incarnational Communities, or Mission Shaped Communities. MCs are primarily led by laity and are “lightweight and low maintenance” and most often meet 3–4 times a month in their missional context. Missional Communities place a strong value on life together, with the expressed intention of seeing those they impact choose to start following Jesus. With this focus, a Missional Community will often grow and multiply into other MCs. Missional Communities are most often networked within a larger church community, often with many other Missional Communities.
An MC has leaders who, through a process of discernment, decide their mission vision and then invite people to join them in reaching that particular context. The leaders of the MC are held accountable by the leadership of the greater church community, both for what they do and for the way in which they do it (i.e., character as well as task). “Low control, high accountability” is one way to describe relationships between the Missional Community and the church body and leadership. Alex Absalom describes the focus of a missional community in this way:
Since Missional Communities are meant to be led by laity, running the community can be spread throughout the group so that it doesn't make a few leaders do all of the work. This sharing of the work is a key ingredient and one of the main benefits of these mid-sized groups. People don't approach it as consumers but as participants. While some MCs meet in homes, it is not uncommon for many of them to meet in the particular mission context they are reaching into. (For instance, a MC reaching out to the homeless would meet on the streets with the homeless rather than trying to bus them to another location.)
Missional Communities often have small groups within the larger body, with small-group leaders being held accountable by the Missional Community Leaders. The small groups work as places of support, challenge and closeness, as the wider MC gathering is too large for general sharing of prayer requests and the like. MCs will also gather periodically with the larger church body for what is referred to as a Celebration Service. This usually involves a time for corporate worship, teaching, stories and re-envisioning the wider community. The larger church body determines the frequency of these Celebration Services, ranging from every week to once a month. In an existing church, as opposed to a new church plant, regular Sunday services often perform this function, showcasing and celebrating what is going on across that particular church in their Missional Communities.
More often than not, when Missional Communities reach the size of 30–40 people they begin to intentionally work on starting a new MC. As before, any new MC is driven by the presence of accountable leaders who have sought God for a clear and specific mission vision. This could mean sending out two leaders to start a new community, maybe a Small Group is sent out en masse, or even half the group stays with the current MC while the other half begins a new community. However the group is multiplied, the essential element is expanding the reach of the church into a new context.
History
Missional Communities emerged in England in the mid-1990s, primarily through the experimenting of the church St Thomas', Crookes in Sheffield. Although they were first experimented with in inner city London in the late 1980s, they became more fully formed when Mike Breen became the senior pastor of St Thomas' Sheffield in 1994. They were described as being multiplying missionary congregations and called ‘Clusters'. The focus of the Clusters was on a group of Christians operating as a community together in mission. Leaders were encouraged to seek God for a vision for a new expression of church and, with training and support, they could be released to gather a team and pursue that dream.
As St Thomas' grew, many MCs were planted into the urban center of the city. The church met for Sunday celebrations in a variety of large rented facilities, ending up in a huge disused nightclub, the Roxy, where the Rolling Stones had once played. In 1998, however, with only a couple of weeks notice, the building was closed down for breaking fire code, and the church was forced to scatter into their various MC gatherings for Sunday worship. It took almost a year for a new permanent home to be found – during which time the original MCs that had been sent out had doubled in number, with many people coming to know Jesus during that year when the church had been forced to go into all the city.
Gradually the stories about MCs started spreading, both across the UK and Northern Europe and more and more churches began using this church structure. In 2004 the Anglican church released a report, “Mission-Shaped Church,” examining the viability and success of this movement within the Anglican church, including a foreword by Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams. Also, the European Church Planting Network picked up on this approach and hundreds upon hundreds of churches were planted as a result. Between 2006 and 2009, over 720 churches were planted across Europe. This was the first time this had been done in European church history.
In the mid-2000s this model of church began to spread to the United States. Early pioneers in this movement, such as Community of Joy in Phoenix, Arizona, Norman Community Church in Norman, Oklahoma and Trinity Grace in New York City were some of the first American churches to embrace this structure. Missiologists such as Eddie Gibbs at Fuller Seminary and Kent Hunter of Church Doctor Ministries began to direct both established churches and church planters to the UK to see these decentralized and reproducible Missional Communities.
Mike Breen, the former senior pastor of St. Thomas' Sheffield who originated Missional Communities, moved to Pawleys Island, South Carolina and in 2008 began 3DM, a coaching entity that comes alongside churches of varying sizes to help them transition to this missional/discipleship model. With the emergence of 3DM within the United States, there was increased interest in these mid-sized communities. In November 2010, Mike Breen and Alex Absalom published a book entitled Launching Missional Communities - A Field Guide, where they related their experience with and approach to Missional Communities. In 2011, Reggie McNeal, a best selling Christian author, released a book detailing the world-wide rise of Missional Communities entitled, "Missional Communities: The rise of the Post-Congregational Church."
The local churches choosing to make this transition vary largely in church denomination, but the largest percentage currently involved with this movement in the United States are Baptists, Lutherans, Assembly of God, Nazarene, Presbyterians, Episcopalians and non-denominational churches.
More broadly speaking, even the term Missional Community is seeping into the consciousness of the evangelical world of the United States as the first large-scale conference was held about MCs. Verge: Missional Community Conference happened in Austin, Texas on February 4–6, 2010 and sold out weeks before the conference. In 2011, Verge united with Exponential, the largest conference for church planters, where the theme was, “Missional Communities: Discovering Old Truths in New Paradigms.”. In 2012, the emergence of Missional Communities continued its prominent place at the Verge Conference, as well as seeing an expanded Missional track at the Exponential Conference and the Sync Conference at Charleston Southern University.
Network and accountability
If MCs are “low control/high accountability,” having a church structure that invests in lay leaders and empowers them while holding them accountable is of paramount importance. Perhaps the most widely used vehicle for this are called Discipleship Huddles, which is a group of 4–10 leaders. The frequency of these groups differs based on each individual church, but generally speaking they meet at least once a month and as often as once a week. Huddles are a place where leaders are actively being discipled in a community of peers, where they are held accountable for the leadership of their groups by their Huddle leader. The two central questions of a Huddle are: 1) What is God saying to you? 2) What are you going to do about it? By seeing that leaders follow through on the plans they form from answering both of these questions, a culture is developed of both high support and high challenge. Over a period of time, this allows leaders to cultivate and sustain the character, skills and spiritual depth needed to lead.
As churches with Missional Communities tend to be far more decentralized than most Western churches, the network of these Huddles are essential to the unity and direction of the wider church. Usually the Senior Pastor will Huddle 4–10 leaders, these leaders will in turn Huddle 4–10 leaders, who in turn Huddle the leaders they are responsible for. As the church grows, multiplying Missional Communities and Small Groups, more Huddles are added as necessary. What most churches have found helpful is an agreed upon DNA in the language that all leaders use that filter down to their various groups. Most often this is the language of LifeShapes, a set of 8 Shapes that distill the teachings and principles of the Bible and Jesus, that were fashioned by Mike Breen as Missional Communities first developed and captured in his book “Building a Discipling Culture.”
A typical gathering
There is tremendous flexibility in the forms of Missional Communities, since the intention is that they are highly accessible to the culture into which they are planted. They are anchored around the three core relationships of life – UP to God, IN to family and friends, and OUT to the wider society which they seek to be a blessing to.
In practice MCs do tend to certain things pretty regularly, albeit in slightly different ways according to their context, including:
Food – ideally sharing a meal together
Socializing/ laughing/ having fun
Breaking Bread/ sharing Communion
Story-telling (i.e. testimony), especially of things people are grateful to God for
Bringing praise and worship to God
Offering prayer for healing and prophetic encouragement to anyone who has particular need
Studying the Scriptures together, especially from what God has been speaking to the leader (or whoever is leading that portion) about during the past week.
Praying for the wider community that you are seeking to reach, as well as for the MCs witness there
Planning practicalities for mission activities
In addition to providing this list, Alex Absalom comments, “We would summarize this as a 1 Corinthians 11-14 model, which seems the fullest unpacking of how a church oikos [extended household] would meet and express its life together. From what Paul writes, it is also clear that those gatherings were led in such a way that people who weren't yet Christians could come in and be welcomed, without it throwing all the plans into confusion.”
As well, a Missional Community will go OUT together in specific missional activities, to serve and witness to their place of calling. Such events need to be regular and rhythmic, so that the group sees this as an integral part of their life together. It should be no more a ‘special' than meeting to eat together or pray together is.
See also
Missional living
References
External links
3DM
Verge Network
Soma Communities
The Austin Stone Community Church (Austin, TX)
River Tree Christian Church (Massillon, OH)
Fellowship Bible Church (Jonesboro, AR)
ecpn.org
Mission-Shaped Church Report
St. Thomas Sheffield Church
The Order of Mission
Trinity Grace Church
Norman Community Church
Q Conference
Missional Christianity
Emerging church movement
Types of Christian organization
Aulotrachichthys prosthemius, also known as the West Pacific luminous roughy, is a species of slimehead native to the Northern Pacific from Hawaii to Japan. It can be found at depths ranging from , either in open water or near crevices and caves. It has a maximum length of .
References
External links
prosthemius
Fish described in 1902
The 1964 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 34th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Wexford entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten in the Leinster semi-final.
On 6 September 1964 Cork won the championship following a 10-7 to 1-4 defeat of Laois in the All-Ireland final. This was their seventh All-Ireland title and their first in 13 championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
First round
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Miscellaneous
Mayo won the Connacht title for the first and only time in their history.
The All-Ireland final meeting between Cork and Laois was the first championship meeting between the two teams. It remains their only championship meeting.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Mirta Rosenberg (October 7, 1951 – June 28, 2019) was an Argentinian poet and translator.
Biography
Rosenberg was born on October 7, 1951, in Rosario, Santa Fe. She studied Literature at the National University of Littoral and French at the Alliance Françoise school. Between 1973 and 1976, she studied Literature Translation and Scientific and Technical Translation in English at Instituto Superior Nacional del Profesorado de Rosario. She was a member of the board of directors of “Diario de Poesía” (Journal of Poetry). In 1990 she established the imprint “Bajo la Luna” (Under the Moon). In her literary work are found books like “Pasajes” (Excerpts), El arte de perder (The art of losing) and El paisaje interior (The inner landscape). In 2004 she won the Konex Award as a translator. Some of her poems have been included in several anthologies and translated into English, French, Portuguese, German and Dutch. She died on June 28, 2019, in Buenos Aires.
Professional activity
She had translated and published poems of Katherine Mansfield, William Blake, Walt Whitman, Emily Dickinson, Marianne Moore, James Laughlin, Seamus Heaney, Elizabeth Bishop, D. H. Lawrence, Louise Gluck, Anne Carson, Robert Hass, Anne Sexton, Joseph Brodsky, Ted Hughes, Robert Lowell, Kay Ryan, Sappho (from English), among other authors. She was an adviser in the House of Poetry “Evaristo Carriego” of the Buenos Aires City Council, where she coordinated the series “Los Traidores”, a platform about poetry translation, between 2001 and 2004.
In cooperative work with Daniel Samoilovich she edited a weekly poetry page in the magazine of “La Nación” newspaper. In 2016 she established the literary magazine “Extra/1. Lecturas para poetas” (Extra/1. Reading for poets), which she is running at the moment. This publication collects texts about poetry, translations, and interviews.
From 2018 until the end of April 2019, she held the chair of the Poetry Workshop II, which she created, at the National University of the Arts (UNA in Spanish).
Bibliography
Poetry
1984 Pasajes
1988 Madam
1994 Teoría sentimental
1998 El arte de perder
2001 Poemas, Asociación de Escritores Extremeños, Badajoz, Spain.
2006 El árbol de palabras. Collected work (it contains non-published poems and translations)
2012 El paisaje interior
2015 El arte de perder y otros poemas (anthology). Valencia, Spain, Pre-Textos Publishing House.
2016 Cuaderno de oficio (translations of Safo, from English into Spanish)
2017 Bichos (Cooperative work with Ezequiel Zaidenwerg)
2018 El árbol de palabras. Collected work (contains El paisaje interior and Cuaderno de oficio)
Translations
Marianne Moore, El reparador de agujas de campanario y otros poemas, Buenos Aires, Centro Editor de América Latina, 1998.
William Shakespeare, Henry IV. (co-work with Daniel Samoilovich) Buenos Aires, Grupo Editorial Norma, 2000.
Katherine Mansfield, Textos privados. Cartas, diarios, poemas. Buenos Aires, Perfil Libros, 2000.
Cynthia Ozick, Virilidad. Buenos Aires, Bajo la luna, 2008.
Anne Talvaz, Confesiones de una gioconda y otros poemas. Buenos Aires, Bajo la luna, 2008.
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages. Valencia, España, Editorial Pre-Textos, 2011.
Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet, Buenos Aires, Fiordo, 2015.
Awards
2003 Guggenheim Fellowship on poetry.
2004 Konex Merit Diploma, for her trajectory in literary translation.
2013 Premio Provincial de Poesía José Pedroni, for her book “El paisaje interior”.
References
External links
Mirta Rosenberg - Audiovideoteca de Escritores
LA INFANCIA DEL PROCEDIMIENTO: MIRTA ROSENBERG (Teoría sentimental - libro completo)
BazarAmericano
YouTube
Mirta Rosenberg: la poesía como pura experiencia
1951 births
2019 deaths
Argentine women poets
Battle Scars is a six-issue comic book miniseries published by Marvel Comics in 2011 and 2012. The series was created to introduce Nick Fury Jr, the black son of the original Nick Fury to correspond with the version played in the films by Samuel L. Jackson. The series also introduced the character of Phil Coulson from the Marvel Cinematic Universe into the comics.
Publication history
The series was published from 2011 to 2012.
Plot
While serving in the Middle East, Marcus Johnson receives word that his mother Nia Jones has been killed back in the United States. He returns home and is attacked by the Russian hitmen who killed her, and by Taskmaster, but is saved by Captain America. S.H.I.E.L.D. agents arrive and take him to a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility for medical treatment. After failing to get answers as to why he was targeted and his mother killed, Johnson comes to feel he is being held there against his will and escapes.
While searching for Taskmaster, Johnson is attacked by Deadpool, who is also after Johnson. As they fight, Taskmaster arrives and dispatches Deadpool, but Johnson himself defeats Taskmaster. Johnson is felled, however, by the Serpent Squad. When Deadpool again intervenes, Johnson escapes with Taskmaster as his prisoner, and later interrogates him. Before he can obtain any information, a masked man stuns Taskmaster, drains Johnson's energy for a moment, and escapes. Johnson catches up with the man, who is revealed to be Johnson's father, Nick Fury.
While arguing and eventually coming to blows over the revelation, Fury and Johnson are captured by mercenaries who bring them to Orion (who was a former member of the organization Leviathan). Orion has Johnson's left eye cut out and confirms that Johnson has the Infinity Formula in his DNA. Fury escapes his restraints and gives Johnson enough time to escape, but Fury is captured and his blood transfused to Orion, so that Orion's youth can be restored. The transfusion drains Fury of the remaining Infinity Formula in his system, and he is then tortured and mind-probed by Orion's telepath, who acquires all of Fury's S.H.I.E.L.D. secrets and fail-safes. Johnson saves Fury with the help of S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Phil Coulson and later kills Orion. After convalescing, Johnson is given the Super Soldier uniform that Steve Rogers once wore. As a new agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., Johnson is also informed that his birth name is "Nicholas Fury Jr.".
Reception
The series holds an average rating of 7.0 by 25 professional critics on the review aggregation website Comic Book Roundup.
Joey Esposito of IGN stated that while he enjoyed the series as a whole, he still added that "its bizarre and frankly lengthy approach to establish parallels with the Marvel movie universe is painfully uninspired and disappointing. While there are nuggets of potential laced in this series' outcome, I'm not sure I have faith in the current state of superhero comics to deliver on it." He also gave credit to the artwork.
Jamil Scalese of Comics Bulletin stated that many fans of Marvel Comics expressed a generally negative reaction to the series. but explained that while the purpose of it is painfully apparent, the story underneath is not so bad that it does not deserve recognition and that the writers Yost and Eaton pull together a solid tale about a regular guy getting caught up in a world he barely understands and adapting.
Prints
Issues
Collected editions
See also
2011 in comics
2012 in comics
References
External links
Battle Scars at the Comic Book DB
2011 comics debuts
Marvel Comics limited series
Nick Fury titles
Sage 300 is the name for the mid-market line of enterprise management and accounting applications (formerly Sage ACCPAC), primarily serving small and medium-sized businesses. Since 2004, Sage 300 is developed by Sage. In 2012, Sage renamed ACCPAC to Sage 300.
Features
Sage 300 is a Windows based range of ERP software, running on Microsoft SQL. This can run under a Windows environment and has an option of being hosted by Sage.
Sage 300 is a modular system with the following core suite of modules. The full list of modules developed in the Sage 300 API is also available.
Financials suite
General ledger
Bank services
Tax services
Accounts payable
Accounts receivable
Multi-company
Operations suite
Inventory control
Purchase orders
(Sales) Order Entry
Payroll
US and Canadian payroll
Core options
Multi-currency
Project and job costing
Transaction analysis and optional fields
It is multi-user, multi-currency, and multi-language. It is available in six languages: English, Spanish, French, Italian and Chinese (Simplified and Traditional).
History
The original product, EasyBusiness Systems, was developed for the CP/M operating system in 1976 by the Basic Software Group and distributed by Information Unlimited Software. This was ported to MS-DOS and the IBM-PC in 1983.
Computer Associates acquired Information Unlimited Software in 1983 and ran it as an independent business unit. Easy Business Systems added payroll processing in 1984 and supported multiuser networking at this time. In 1987, it implemented a multi-window interface to allow moving between different modules. Easy Business Systems was renamed Accpac Plus in 1987 with the release of version 5. Accpac became popular in Canada with support of Canadian public accounting firms that would sell and support the software. The name Accpac is an acronym for 'A Complete and Comprehensive Program for Accounting Control'.
The first Windows version, CA-Accpac/2000, popularly known as ACCPAC for Windows, was developed in the early 1990s and released in October 1994. The Windows version marked the move to client/server and was developed with all new code in COBOL with Computer Associates development tools (these components were redeveloped in 2001 in Accpac Advantage Series with a core business layer developed in C and a user interface layer developed in Visual Basic).
In October 1996 ACCPAC for Windows 2.0 was released. In August 2001, the company presented ACCPAC Advantage Series 5.0, its first web-based version. The web interface was rebuilt in Sage 300 2016 for cross browser support, running on IIS with ASP.Net, a web API was added in the 2017.
Sage 300 initially ran on Btrieve Databases and then supported a variety of database backends. Since Sage 300 2016 only the MS SQL database is supported.
Sage Software acquired Accpac from Computer Associates in 2004. Sage renamed it Sage Accpac ERP in 2006, then Sage ERP Accpac in 2009. Sage dropped the Accpac name in 2012 when it was renamed to Sage 300 ERP.
Sage 300 is no longer available for purchase in the UK, but is still available in other markets around the world.
Branding, editions and versions
See also
Comparison of accounting software
Sage Group
References
External links
The Sage 300 ERP Web Site
Accounting software
Software companies of Canada
Financial software companies
300
Adad-nirari III (also Adad-narari) was a King of Assyria from 811 to 783 BC. Note that this assumes that the longer version of the Assyrian Eponym List, which has an additional eponym for Adad-nirari III is the correct one. For the shorter eponym list the ascension year would be 810 BC.
Family
Adad-nirari was a son and successor of king Shamshi-Adad V, and was apparently quite young at the time of his accession, because for the first five years of his reign, his mother Shammuramat was highly influential, which has given rise to the legend of Semiramis.
It is widely rejected that his mother acted as regent, but she was surprisingly influential for the time period.
He was the father of kings Ashur-nirari V, Shalmaneser IV, and Ashur-dan III. Tiglath-Pileser III described himself as a son of Adad-nirari in his inscriptions, but it is uncertain if this is true.
Biography
Adad-nirari's youth, and the struggles his father had faced early in his reign, caused a serious weakening of Assyrian rulership over Mesopotamia, and made way for the ambitions of officers, governors, and local rulers.
According to Adad-nirari's inscriptions, he led several military campaigns with the purpose of regaining the strength Assyria enjoyed in the times of his grandfather Shalmaneser III.
According to the eponym canon, he campaigned in all directions until the last of his 28 years of reign (783 BC), and he was the builder of the temple of Nabu at Nineveh. Among his actions was a siege of Damascus in the time of Ben-Hadad III in 796 BC, which led to the eclipse of the Aramaean Kingdom of Damascus and allowed the recovery of Israel under Jehoash (who paid the Assyrian king tribute at this time) and Jeroboam II.
Despite Adad-nirari's vigour, Assyria entered a several-decades-long period of weakness following his death.
See also
Shamshi-ilu
References
9th-century BC births
Year of birth unknown
783 BC deaths
9th-century BC Assyrian kings
8th-century BC Assyrian kings
Ancient child rulers
Kings of the Universe
See also 1951 in the United Kingdom
The cultural year was dominated by the Festival of Britain and the opening of The Royal Festival Hall, the first dedicated concert hall of its size to be built in London since 1893: located on the south bank of the Thames, this was to host concerts by major orchestras from Britain and abroad. The Festival itself was a celebration of music, art and theatre. It notably provided an opportunity for the staging of many events seen during the first Folk music Festival held in Edinburgh, organised with the help of such talents as the American Alan Lomax, the Irish traditional musician Seamus Ennis and the political theatre director Ewan MacColl, who would go on to form the Ballad and Blues Club.
Opera and other forms of classical music, while mainly attractive to a middle class audience, were popular in concert and on the radio. Operas sung in English struck a note of patriotism in a nation still recovering from the Second World War and then engaged in the Korea.
The biggest selling artists on both sides of the Atlantic were Bing Crosby and Doris Day but British singers such as Gracie Fields and Vera Lynn were also very popular, receiving radio play and performing in many live venues.
A style of jazz known as Trad or Traditional Jazz, or sometimes called the Dixieland sound was emerging, drawing for its inspiration the old New Orleans Jazz of an earlier period. The luminaries of this music were people like Ken Colyer who had formed the Crane River Jazz Band which included Chris Barber and later a banjo player called Lonnie Donegan who would introduce a musical style from America called skiffle which would influence the musical career of a young John Lennon. However, the seeds of rock and roll could not even be glimpsed in the UK of 1951.
Trad jazz was a reaction to the big band jazz of the previous decade with its 20 or sometimes even 40 member orchestras named after the band leaders such as Joe Loss and Kenny Baker. The latter were still popular in 1951 and played a form of jazz called Swing. Paramount among the band leaders of this time was Ted Heath whose Orchestra regularly featured on BBC radio programmes. They were an essential part of the nightclub scene in the big cities of the time and were heavily influenced by their American counterparts such as Benny Goodman and Duke Ellington. The smaller Trad Jazz groups in contrast included such then unknowns as George Melly and Acker Bilk, who had recently moved to London to play with Ken Colyer's band.
Events
1 January – Soprano Joan Cross receives the CBE in the 1951 New Year Honours List, while composer William Walton is knighted. Other musicians honoured include chorus master and conductor Herbert Bardgett (OBE).
3 May – A dedication concert opens the Royal Festival Hall, followed the next day by a concert conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent attended by King George VI.
7 May – Michael Tippett's The Heart's Assurance is given its first performance at the Wigmore Hall by Benjamin Britten and Peter Pears.
2–14 July – The seventh annual Cheltenham Music Festival is held in Cheltenham, England, with a performance of Brian Easdale's opera, The Sleeping Children, premieres of the first symphonies of Malcolm Arnold, John Gardner, and Arnold van Wyk, Franz Reizenstein's Serenade for Winds, and Maurice Jacobson's Symphonic Suite, as well as performances of works by Humphrey Searle, Robert Masters, Benjamin Frankel, and Philip Sainton.
14–21 July – The Haslemere Music Festival, consisting of six concerts of early music, takes place in Haslemere, England.
17–22 September – The fourth annual Swansea Festival of Music and the Arts opens in Swansea, Wales, with a controversial speech by one of Wales's leading composers, Daniel Jones. The festival was the final component in the Festival of Britain and consisted of seven programmes, featuring Welsh composer Arwel Hughes's new oratorio St. David and appearances by Victoria de los Ángeles, Zino Francescatti, André Navarra, Walter Susskind, and Jean Martinon.
22 October – Reopening of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, with a production of Puccini's Turandot, conducted by Sir John Barbirolli and with Gertrude Grob-Prandl in the title role.
1 December – premiere of Billy Budd at the Royal Opera House, conducted by Benjamin Britten.
Popular music
Billy Cotton Band, featuring Anne Shelton – "The Petite Waltz"
Teddy Johnson & Donald Peers – "Beloved, Be Faithful"
Lita Roza – "Allentown Jail"
Classical music: new works
Malcolm Arnold – English Dances for Orchestra, Op. 33
Howard Ferguson – Piano Concerto in D
Gerald Finzi – All This Night
Dean Goffin - ‘Symphony of Thanksgiving'
Gordon Jacob – Concerto for Flute and Strings
Edmund Rubbra – String Quartet No. 2 in E flat, Op. 73
Opera
Benjamin Britten – Billy Budd, with libretto by E. M. Forster and Eric Crozier
Imogen Holst – Benedick and Beatrice
George Lloyd – John Socman
Peter Tranchell – The Mayor of Casterbridge
Ralph Vaughan Williams – The Pilgrim's Progress
Film and Incidental music
Richard Addinsell –
Scrooge, starring Alistair Sim.
Tom Brown's Schooldays.
Stanley Black – Laughter in Paradise, starring Alastair Sim, Fay Compton, George Cole and Guy Middleton.
John Wooldridge – Blackmailed, starring Mai Zetterling, Dirk Bogarde, Fay Compton and Robert Flemyng.
Musical theatre
16 February – Gay's The Word London production opens at the Saville Theatre and runs for 504 performances
8 March – Kiss Me, Kate (Cole Porter) – London production opens at the Coliseum and runs for 501 performances
3 October – See You Later (Sandy Wilson) London production opens at the Watergate Theatre.
17 October – And So To Bed (Vivian Ellis) London production opens at the New Theatre and runs for 323 performances
20 October – Zip Goes A Million London production opened at the Palace Theatre and runs for 544 performances
Births
4 January – Ronald Corp, English priest, composer, and conductor
15 January – Biff Byford, singer (Saxon)
20 January – Ian Hill, bass player (Judas Priest)
26 January – Roy Goodman, violinist and conductor
27 February – Steve Harley, musician (Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel)
1 March – Mike Read, DJ
4 March – Chris Rea, singer-songwriter
11 April – Paul Fox, singer (The Ruts) (died 2007)
14 April – Julian Lloyd Webber, cellist
7 May – Bernie Marsden, singer-songwriter, guitarist, and producer
8 June – Bonnie Tyler, singer
19 August – John Deacon, bassist (Queen)
25 August – Rob Halford, singer (Judas Priest)
22 September – David Coverdale, singer
26 September – Stuart Tosh, drummer, songwriter and vocalist
28 September – Jim Diamond, singer and songwriter (died 2015)
2 October – Sting, singer and musician
29 December – Philip Sparke, composer
Deaths
6 March – Ivor Novello, composer and entertainer (born 1893)
12 March – Harold Bauer, pianist (born 1873)
21 August – Constant Lambert, composer (born 1905)
14 November – Richard Henry Walthew, pianist and composer (born 1872)
16 November – Dora Bright, pianist and composer (born 1862)
date unknown
Harry Grattan, actor, singer, dancer and writer (born c.1867)
Margot Ruddock, actress, poet and singer (born 1907)
See also
1951 in British television
1951 in the United Kingdom
List of British films of 1951
References
External links
Ken Colyer Trust jazz website
Sadler's Wells
Britain
Music
British music by year
Zyaroo (, known as Ziaru also Romanized as Zīārūd; also known as Zīārū) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 154, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Tourist attractions in Amol
The Palm Desert Coyotes are an independent professional baseball team that is based in Palm Springs, California as a part of the California Winter League. They play their games in a short-season schedule from January to February at Palm Springs Stadium and at the nearby Palm Springs High School baseball field, along with the Palm Springs Chill, Canada A's and Coachella Valley Snowbirds and several other teams. The Coyotes didn't play in 2012 due to a team suspension of operations. They were replaced by the winter league version of the Palm Springs Power. The Coyotes returned in 2013.
Year-by-year records
California Winter League:
External links
California Winter League official website
Amateur baseball teams in California
Tadashi Mamiya (1911 – 29 December 1984) was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1911 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Place of birth missing
Friends of Israel in the Parliament of Norway () is a pro-Israel caucus group consisting of members of the Parliament of Norway.
History
In 1974 the group constituted a majority in the Parliament of Norway for the first time, with 86 members among the 150 parliamentary representatives. All political parties except for the Socialist Electoral League were represented. In 1981 the group had 100 members, but this number declined following the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982.
In the 2005 the group had 28 members from three political parties; 16 from the Progress Party (FrP), 10 from the Christian Democratic Party (KrF) and 2 from the Conservative Party (H). One member, KrF's Jon Lilletun, died during the term. In comparison, the number of seats in parliament for each party was 38 from the Progress Party, 11 from the Christian Democratic Party and 23 from the Conservative Party. The group was chaired by Ingebrigt S. Sørfonn of the Christian Democratic Party.
In late 2007, an initiative was taken to form an opposing parliamentary group, Friends of Palestine in the Parliament of Norway, in support of Palestinians.
After the 2009 election, the groups supporting Israel and Palestine reconvened. Torbjørn Røe Isaksen (H) joined both groups. In late November 2009 the group had 26 members; 13 from the Progress Party (FrP), 10 from the Christian Democratic Party (KrF) and 3 from the Conservative Party (H). In comparison, the number of seats in parliament for each party was 41 from the Progress Party, 10 from the Christian Democratic Party and 30 from the Conservative Party. The members elected Hans Olav Syversen as leader from 2009 to 2011, and Jørund Rytman as leader from 2011 to 2013.
Present members (2013–2017)
As of June 2014, the Friends of Israel have a total of 37 members, 20 (of 29) from the Progress Party (FrP), 10 (of 10) from the Christian Democratic Party (KrF), 4 (of 48) from the Conservative Party (H), and 3 (of 55) from the Labour Party (Ap). Hans Fredrik Grøvan (KrF) chaired the caucus the first two years, and Jørund Rytman (FrP) the final two years.
Harald T. Nesvik (FrP)
Ingebjørg Godskesen (FrP)
Jan-Henrik Fredriksen (FrP)
Jørund Rytman (FrP)
Sivert Bjørnstad (FrP)
Kenneth Svendsen (FrP)
Morten Ørsal Johansen (FrP)
Christian Tybring-Gjedde (FrP)
Tor André Johnsen (FrP)
Per Sandberg (FrP)
Erlend Wiborg (FrP)
Oskar Grimstad (FrP)
Bente Thorsen (FrP)
Kristian Norheim (FrP)
Ulf Leirstein (FrP)
Mazyar Keshvari (FrP)
Morten Wold (FrP)
Morten Stordalen (FrP)
Tom E. B. Holthe (FrP)
Helge Thorheim (FrP)
Himanshu Gulati (FrP)
Kjell Ingolf Ropstad (KrF)
Olaug Bollestad (KrF)
Knut Arild Hareide (KrF)
Hans Fredrik Grøvan (KrF)
Rigmor Andersen Eide (KrF)
Hans Olav Syversen (KrF)
Line Henriette Hjemdal (KrF)
Geir Jørgen Bekkevold (KrF)
Geir Toskedal (KrF)
Anders Tyvand (KrF)
Siri A. Meling (H)
Ingjerd Schou (H)
Øyvind Halleraker (H)
Frank Jenssen (H)
Kari Henriksen (Ap)
Sverre Myrli (Ap)
Kåre Simensen (Ap)
Two members, Kari Henriksen and Sverre Myrli (both Ap) were also members of Friends of Palestine.
References
Politics of Norway
Storting
Israel friendship associations
Israel–Norway relations
Norway friendship associations
Jewish Norwegian history
The Ferrari GG50 is a concept car created by Ferrari to mark the fifty years during which Giorgetto Giugiaro had been designing cars. It was introduced at the 2005 Tokyo Motor Show.
Engine and performance
The Ferrari F1 GG50 has special modifications inspired by Formula 1 (F1), to improve performance. It uses a 65 degree V12 naturally aspirated petrol engine. The engine develops peak power of , which is per litre. The compression ratio is 11.2:1. The GG50 uses a sequential mode automatic transmission.
Design
The GG50 is a 2+2 coupé "supercar". Most of the elements of the interior design are from the similar Ferrari 612 Scaglietti, as well as part of the exterior design. The exterior body is around four inches shorter and has a differently shaped nose. Some cues, such as the steering wheel, derive from Ferrari's F1 vehicles of the past. Unique parts of the GG50 are its dashboard and the fact that the GG50 uses the Pioneer AVIC–X1R satellite navigation system.
References
External links
Tokyo Motor Show 2005 Highlights (Ferrari GG50 seen on page)
Ferrari GG50 Information from ConceptCarz.com
GG50
Virginia's 40th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Republican Todd Pillion since 2020, succeeding retiring fellow Republican Charles William Carrico Sr. It is currently the most Republican-leaning district in the Virginia Senate.
Geography
District 40 covers the farthest corner of Southwest Virginia, including all of Grayson County, Lee County, Scott County, Washington County, and the City of Bristol, as well as parts of Smyth County, Wise County, and Wythe County.
The district is located entirely within Virginia's 9th congressional district, and overlaps with the 1st, 4th, 5th, and 6th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates. It borders the states of Kentucky, Tennessee, and North Carolina.
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 40
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
2007
2003
1999
1995
List of members
References
Virginia Senate districts
Grayson County, Virginia
Lee County, Virginia
Scott County, Virginia
Washington County, Virginia
Bristol, Virginia
Smyth County, Virginia
Wise County, Virginia
Wythe County, Virginia
The Rocking Chair Ranche was a ranch located at North Elm Creek in Collingsworth County, Texas from 1883 to 1896.
History
The Rocking Chair Ranche was bought by The 1st Baron Tweedmouth in 1883. After his death in 1894, it was owned by his son and heir, The 2nd Baron Tweedmouth, and the 1st Baron's son-in-law, The 7th Earl of Aberdeen.
The ranch was sold to the Continental Land and Cattle Company in December 1896.
Owners
The Hon. Archibald John Marjoribanks, the youngest son of The 1st Baron Tweedmouth, was sent to Texas to work as the assistant ranch manager and bookkeeper. Archibald was not paid by the ranch but his father gave him a living allowance of £400 a year. Lord and Lady Aberdeen visited Archibald in the summer of 1887 and found him living in a one-bedroom wood frame house which he shared with the ranch manager, J. John Drew. During their stay, the Aberdeens slept in the bedroom while Archibald and the ranch manager slept on the terrace. The closest township to the ranch was renamed Aberdeen after their visit at the suggestion of Archibald Marjoribanks.
Archibald became engaged to Elizabeth (known locally as "Myssie") Brown, of Nashville, Tennessee, daughter of Judge Trimble Brown, to the disapproval of Archibald's sister, Lady Aberdeen, who regarded Nashville ladies as frivolous and empty-headed compared to sober and industrious Scottish girls. Nevertheless, Archibald and Elizabeth were married and, after the ranch failed, moved to Bath in Somerset, England, where they had two children. After Archibald's death in 1900, Elizabeth married Archibald's cousin Douglas Hogg, who later became The 1st Viscount Hailsham and Lord Chancellor.
References
Ranches in Texas
1883 establishments in Texas
American companies established in 1883
American companies disestablished in 1896
1896 disestablishments in Texas
Collingsworth County, Texas
1896 mergers and acquisitions
Dynoides saldani is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
saldani
Differential stress is the difference between the greatest and the least compressive stress experienced by an object. For both the geological and civil engineering convention is the greatest compressive stress and is the weakest,
.
In other engineering fields and in physics, is the greatest compressive stress and is the weakest, so
.
These conventions originated because geologists and civil engineers (especially soil mechanicians) are often concerned with failure in compression, while many other engineers are concerned with failure in tension. A further reason for the second convention is that it allows a positive stress to cause a compressible object to increase in size, making the sign convention self-consistent.
In structural geology, differential stress is used to assess whether tensile or shear failure will occur when a Mohr circle (plotted using and ) touches the failure envelope of the rocks. If the differential stress is less than four times the tensile strength of the rock, then extensional failure will occur. If the differential stress is more than four times the tensile strength of the rock, then shear failure will occur.
Differential stress at any point in the Earth is limited by the strength of the rock itself - any attempt to increase the differential stress above the ultimate rock strength will lead to deformation. Tectonic stress adds to the total differential stress in a rock - when a rock deforms by brittle fracturing, its strength will change and differential stress is reduced. Therefore, both rock strength and overburden of crust are able to alter the differential stress.
References
Tectonics
Andrew Johns (born 23 September 1973) is a male triathlete from the United Kingdom. Johns is a former European and World Cup Champion as well as a World Championship bronze medalist.
Born in Peterborough, Johns competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was one of the three British triathletes, along with Sian Brice and Michelle Dillon, that did not finish the competition.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Johns competed again. This time, he did finish. His time was 1:54:15.87 for sixteenth place.
References
British Olympic Association athlete profile
1973 births
Living people
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
English male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Great Britain
Sportspeople from Peterborough
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Birsa Munda Athletics Stadium is a stadium in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India. It is used mostly for association football matches and for athletics. The stadium has hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2011 National Games of India. It has seating capacity of 35,000 spectators.
Features
Birsa Munda Athletics Stadium was the inspiration behind the renovation of Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Delhi that hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Among the ideas adopted by CWG organisers was the imported, dust and fireproof roof that has been used in the Ranchi stadium, which boasts a seating capacity of 35,000. To host all the athletics events, apart from the opening and closing ceremonies, the main stadium occupies pride of place in the Mega Sports Complex. With its many elliptical pylons and ramps that lead to the upper tiers, it adds to the futuristic look of the area that houses seven other smaller stadiums.
The stadium's fire-, dust- and rust-proof roof is made of polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE). Designed by an Australian firm (MakMax Australia), the roof material was imported from Japan for 80 million and took four months to fix. It is maintenance free and has a 15-year warranty. The stadium has two such roofs, one at the VVIP section and one at the press box.
Four towers of high-lux lights are installed for conducting sports events at night.
As many as 12 double lifts have been fitted in the stadium. Four towers in the corners connect to middle and upper galleries. The pathways are designed to allow wheelchairs till the upper tier. Visitors will take this route. But, there will be no overcrowding or security problems when VVIPs and players enter the stadium. The disabled, too, can reach the top gallery without any difficulty.
An air-conditioned enclosure inside houses a six-lane warm-up track of 80 meters. No athletics stadium in India has such tracks. Participants can use this half-an-hour before their events.
The synthetic track, designed according to international standards, is imported from Switzerland. The grass, however, is home-grown – from Chennai.
Doing away with cemented pillars, 62 elliptical pylon columns of in height surround the stadium, which, from some angles, resemble a spaceship.
Thirty-six lounges, with all basic facilities, are being prepared on the ground floor to accommodate state contingents. Besides, there are 32 dormitories that can accommodate 1,000 people.
References
Memorials to Birsa Munda
Football venues in Jharkhand
Athletics (track and field) venues in India
Sports venues in Jharkhand
Buildings and structures in Ranchi
Sports venues in Ranchi
Sport in Ranchi
Sports venues completed in 2009
2009 establishments in Jharkhand
Weifang University (WFU; ) is a university based in Weifang City, Shandong Province, China.
History
It was established in 1951 as Changwei Normal School and turned into Weifang University in 2000.
References
External links
Weifang University Official site
Universities and colleges in Shandong
John Jamieson (died 17 November 1921) was a Scottish rugby union international who represented Scotland in the 1883 Home Nations Championship, 1884 Home Nations Championship and 1885 Home Nations Championship.
He played as a forward for West of Scotland.
He also represented Glasgow District against Edinburgh District in the 2 December 1882 match and in the following match next year in 1883.
Jamieson is noted as having 9 caps for Scotland but this counts both appearances against Ireland in 1885. Jamieson played in both the February 1885 match against Ireland which was called off after 20 minutes and in the match replayed on March 1885 in Edinburgh.
References
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
West of Scotland FC players
1921 deaths
The Dark Lady Players is a New York-based Shakespeare company who perform what they regard as the religious allegories in the Shakespearean plays. In 2007, they performed an allegorical production of A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Abingdon Theater in New York. In 2008, they performed As You Like It: The Big Flush, directed by Stephen Wisker, at the Midtown International Theatre Festival with an entirely female cast interspersing Shakespeare's As You Like It with "cultural and literary references" believed to be included by Emilia Bassano Lanier. On December 15, 2009, they produced a festival at Manhattan Theater Source of short plays written about Lanier by nine New York City playwrights. In September 2011, they presented "nine scenes from Shakespeare, divided into three thematic groups and casts" in the West-Park Presbyterian Church in Upper West Side.
Foundation
Many scholars have noted religious allegories and references in Shakespeare's plays. For example, quotations from the Bible are used in 3,000 places , and 14 different translations are used, as shown by professor Naseeb Shaheen. In a few places the playwright has translated the Book of Genesis using the original Hebrew. In addition, there are many other church and religious references. For example, in 1999 in his study of Julius Caesar, Professor Steve Sohmer argues that the playwright "set out to interrogate the truth of the Gospels". Similarly in 1988 Linda Hoff posited that Hamlet is entirely a religious allegory. According to the study by Peter Milward, King Lear, Antony and Cleopatra, Hamlet, Richard III, Henry VIII all include detailed Apocalypse allegories.
Elizabethan literature routinely used allegories to communicate hidden meanings. Contemporary literary critics advised that instead of feasting on the verse, readers should look beneath the surface to "digest the allegory", as Sir John Harington put it in the introduction to his translation of Orlando Furioso. State Decipherers sitting in audiences attempted to detect hidden meanings in the plays being staged, as recorded by Ben Jonson.
The Dark Lady Players was founded by John Hudson, a Shakespeare scholar most notable for his advocacy of the theory that the works of Shakespeare were written by Emilia Bassano Lanier. Hudson received a graduate degree from the Shakespeare Institute at the University of Birmingham, and is currently the artistic director of the Dark Lady Players.
Allegory in performance
In 2007, the Dark Lady Players performed an allegorical production of A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Abingdon Theater in New York. The allegory was based on work by Professor Patricia Parker in her article "Murals and Morals; A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1998). She believes that Pyramus and Thisbe were an allegory for Jesus and the Church, the Wall is the Partition that comes down on the day of Apocalypse, Peter Quince is Saint Peter, and Puck is the Devil. In addition, the production used work by John Hudson, in his 2008 thesis at the Shakespeare Institute of the University of Birmingham, to show the allegorical identity of all the other characters. The result was a consistent religious allegory—but one that was Jewish in nature rather than Christian—because it ends with a Jewish Apocalypse featuring a dew blessing, after the comic re-union in Quince's play-within-the-play ended in the deaths of both protagonists.
In 2008, the Dark Lady Players performed two different versions of As You Like It, which draws on the allegory hypothesized by Richard Knowles. The workshop production was directed by Greeman as part of the Shakespeare Symposium at ManhattanTheaterSource. The subsequent production in summer 2008 at the Midtown International Theatre Festival was directed by the Stephen Wisker. A film was made for Manhattan cable television on the production. The work was presented at Eastern Connecticut State University on 11 November 2009, and their lecture "Who Wrote Shakespeare?" is available at the University website.
On 15 December 2009, at Manhattan Theater Source, they produced a festival of short plays written about Amelia Lanier by nine New York City playwrights. Playwright Bella Poynton was the festival winner, and then commissioned by the company to write a full-length play detailing Lanier's life.
In September 2009, the Dark Lady Players produced a piece titled Shakespeare's Three Virgin Marys, which examined the allegorical Mary figures identified in the academic literature by researchers such as Chris Hassel, Linda Hoff, and Steve Sohmer. Extracts from the production were featured in a TV news feature on the Dark Lady Players that was broadcast on The Jewish Channel on September 11, 2009.
In November 2010, The Dark Lady Players produced, an allegorical version of Hamlet at Manhattan Theatre Source in Greenwich Village.
In 2011, the company performed a site-specific museum-style tour of Shakespeare's Gospel Parodies, subtitled "A Medieval Mystery Tour" at The Center at West-Park Church, in repertory with the Woodshed Collective's The Tenant. The show featured docents, played by actors, who led audience members on tours through 12 scenes from Shakespeare.
In 2012, the DLP presented a one-night lecture event on Shakespeare's Annunciation Parodies, featuring scenes from Romeo and Juliet, Twelfth Night, Hamlet, and Othello. The Dark Lady Players entered an ensemble piece roughly titled "Shakespeare Flash Mob" for the 2012 Figment Festival and performed a full-length original play by Bella Poynton, Midsummer Madness, in August 2012 at the Central Park Bandshell.
In 2014, the company is performing a version of Othello that suggests the Emilia character is an allegory for Amelia Bassano Lanier, as described in an article in Howlround.
In March 2014, Amberley Publishing is releasing a book "Shakespeare's Dark Lady" which argues the case for Lanier's authorship of these plays as Jewish satires. An advance review in Kirkus Reviews on February 6, 2014 describes it as 'Well-researched, fascinating and thought-provoking'. However, Hudson's theories have not been accepted by Shakespeare scholars.
Members
Current company members include Alexandra Cohler, Mimi Hirt, Elizabeth Weitzen, Emily Hyman, Shykia Fields, Petra Denison and Bella Poynton.
References
Further reading
Mark L. Caldwell, 'Allegory: The Renaissance Mode', ELH, vol. 44, No. 4. (Winter, 1977), pp. 580–600.
Rhodes Dunlap, 'The Allegorical Interpretation of Renaissance Literature', PMLA vol. 82, no.1 (1967) 39-43.
Linda Kay Hoff, Hamlet's Choice; Hamlet A Reformation Allegory, Lewiston; E.Mellon Press (1988).
John Hudson, A Midsummer Night's Dream; An Experiment in Allegorical Staging, University of Birmingham, The Shakespeare Institute (2008).
John Hudson "Amelia Bassano Lanier; A New Paradigm for the Shakespearean Authorship" The Oxfordian, Summer/Fall, (2009)
Richard Knowles, 'Myth and Type in As You Like It', ELH vol 33,no 1 (1966) 1-22.
Ted Merwin,'The Dark Lady as a Bright Literary Light', The Jewish Week, 23 March, (2007) 56-7.
Peter Milward, Shakespeare's Apocalypse, London; St Austin Press, (1999).
Patricia Parker, 'Murals and Morals; A Midsummer Night's Dream', Aporemata;Kritische Studien zur Philologiegeschichte (1998) 190-218.
Michael Posner 'Rethinking Shakespeare' The Queen's Quarterly, vol. 115, no. 2 (2008) 1-15
Michael Posner 'Was Shakespeare a Woman?' The Globe and Mail (15/16 January 2010)
Naseeb Shaheen, Biblical References in Shakespeare's Plays, University of Delaware Press (1999).
Steve Sohmer, Shakespeare's Mystery Play;The Opening of the Globe Theatre 1599, Manchester University Press (1999).
Bernard Spivack, Shakespeare and the Allegory of Evil, Columbia University Press (1958).
Julia Wallace,'That's Miss Shakespeare To You', Village Voice March 28-April 3, (2007) 42.
Broadcast
The Jewish Channel/Rebecca H. Friedman The Dark Lady Players (September, 2009)
John Hudson and Jenny Greeman 'The Shakespeare Show', broadcast on New York Talk Radio (July 7, 2009)
External links
Theatre companies in New York City
Shakespearean theatre companies
Shakespeare festivals in the United States
Performing groups established in 2007
Shakespeare authorship question
2007 establishments in New York City
Chiara Bazzoni (Arezzo, 5 July 1984) is an Italian sprinter (400 m). She was a component of the national relay team that holds the two Italian records (outdoor and indoor) on 4x400 m relay.
Biography
She has 9 caps in national team from 2006.
National records
4x400 metres relay: 3:25.71 ( Barcelona, 1 August 2010) - with Maria Enrica Spacca, Marta Milani, Libania Grenot
4x400 metres relay indoor: 3:31.99 ( Sopot, 8 March 2014) - with Maria Enrica Spacca, Marta Milani, Elena Maria Bonfanti
4x400 metres relay indoor: 3:31.55 ( Birmingham, 4 March 2018) - current holder with Ayomide Folorunso, Raphaela Lukudo, Maria Enrica Spacca
Achievements
National titles
She has won the individual national championship 4 times.
1 win in the 400 metres (2013)
2 wins in the 400 metres indoor (2013, 2014, 2015)
See also
Italian records in athletics
Italy national relay team
Notes
References
External links
1984 births
Italian female sprinters
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Sportspeople from Arezzo
Olympic female sprinters
Waña Quta (Aymara for "dry lake", also spelled Guañacota, Huaña Khota, Huaña Kkota, Huaña Kota, Huaña Q'ota, Huayña Khota, Huañakota, Huayñakota, Huna Khota) may refer to:
Waña Quta (Cochabamba), a lake in the Santiváñez Municipality, Capinota Province, Cochabamba Department, Bolivia
Waña Quta (La Paz), a lake in the Ichoca Municipality, Inquisivi Province, La Paz Department, Bolivia
Waña Quta (Oruro), a lake in the Sajama Province, Oruro Department, Bolivia
Waña Quta (Potosí), a mountain in the Potosí Department, Bolivia
Sven Ohlsson (25 February 1886 – 27 April 1961) was a Swedish wrestler. He competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics and the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1886 births
1961 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
People from Värnamo Municipality
Sportspeople from Jönköping County
Robert Radford Welch MBE, RDI (21 May 1929 – 15 March 2000), was an English designer and silversmith.
Early life and education
Born in Hereford, he was the only son of Leonard Radford Welch (1894–1969) and his wife, Dorothy Perkins (1897–1982), who trained as an artist before their marriage in 1923.
Childhood
When Robert was young, the family moved to the village of Colwall, which sits on the side of the Malvern Hills and, in 1939, to West Malvern, Worcestershire where he grew up. He had a lifelong love of the Malvern Hills and often walked there.
He was educated at the boys' school in Colwall, then at Lyttelton Grammar School in Malvern where he sang in Malvern Priory choir and finally Hanley Castle Grammar School where he excelled at sport.
He briefly played cricket for the Second XI of Worcestershire County Cricket Club, before deciding to study at Malvern School of Art.
Malvern School of Art and Birmingham College of Art
His time at Malvern was broken up by two years of National Service, during which time he served as a wireless operator in the Royal Air Force. While in the RAF he attended classes at Cambridge School of Art before returning to complete his studies at Malvern, 1949–50.
He had undertaken rudimentary metalwork classes at Malvern, or 'metal-bashing' as it was known, however he officially began his training as a silversmith at the Birmingham College of Art, School of Silversmithing and Jewellery which was also where he completed his National Diploma in Design.
Welch made his first work in a precious metal, a powder bowl, in 1950 but examples of his work in metals survive from as early as 1946.
Royal College of Art and Scandinavia
He went on to study at the Royal College of Art in 1952, the year after the Festival of Britain, joining David Mellor and Gerald Benney who were both a year above him. Welch was the only silversmith in his year.
All three were to become renowned in their field, creating "remarkable one-off commissions in silver, as well as tackling production designs in newly fashionable and affordable stainless steel. During the 1950s they had all been influenced to a large degree by the Scandinavian Modern style, especially the anthropomorphic vessels and jewellery of the Danish sculptor-designer Henning Koppel for Georg Jensen." Lesley Jackson
As a student, Welch made four extended visits to Scandinavia, studying in Stockholm and working with the Norwegian silversmith Theodor Olsen. Scandinavian modernism made a huge impression on him, instilling a love of functional precision and the clean line. In his final year at the Royal College of Art, he decided to focus his studies on designing for stainless steel and wrote his thesis on The Design and Production of Stainless Steel Tableware whilst focusing his final projects on the development of its look.
“I felt that the first thing that had to be done was to establish a style for stainless ware which would be expressive of the material itself. A strong, tough, but not intractable medium, but one which was still the captive of the older materials. For instance, tableware in stainless steel was still being made in mirror finish only, and that seemed to me to have all the qualities of chromium-plated ware. It was a long way from the satin finish which was already coming in from Scandinavia. It seemed to me that this beautiful finish possessed just that note of severity which stainless steel seems to demand. Stainless steel needed to have its own appearance, not that of other metals, and the design had to go hand in hand with the function of the piece and that individual appearance." Robert Welch
Design career
Industrial Design
Welch successfully sold one of his prototype designs to J. & J. Wiggin before he left college. A small family firm in Bloxwich, north of Birmingham, J. & J. Wiggin was the only British manufacturer of stainless steel tableware, marketing pieces under the brand Old Hall. Welch did some work for the firm whilst still a student and in 1955, he was appointed as their consultant designer, an association which lasted until the firm closed in 1984. His geometrical ideal suited the material, and his passion for precision suited the factory.
In 1955 Welch established a workshop and studio in Chipping Campden, Gloucestershire in a silk mill that had formerly been the home of Charles Robert Ashbee's Guild and School of Handicraft. He had chosen this area because it was easy for him to visit the Wiggins' factory in Bloxwich, and his parents' home in West Malvern, as well as London – to where he would eventually travel for teaching posts – but it would remain a base for the rest of his working life.
“The village has an enduring quality and permanence about it which has permeated Robert's work" – Jeremy Myerson.
The industrial design side of the business, Robert Welch Associates, produced work for clients including Royal Doulton, British Railways, Guinness, BOAC, H. E. Lauffer, Carl Prinz and Poole Pottery.
Silversmithing
Robert Welch continued to work in silver throughout his career, creating elegant one-off designs in response to commissions for ecclesiastical, institutional, ceremonial and domestic plate.
In the late 1950s, the silversmith and artist John Limbrey (1933–2013), who had also previously studied silversmithing at Birmingham, came on a visit to the Cotswolds. He knocked on the door of the studio-workshop and said "What a nice place to work, do you want any help?" He began working with Welch in 1958, from which point he was largely responsible for making most of the commissioned ecclesiastical and domestic silverware. He remained as silversmith, model maker and draughtsman until well into the 21st century.
In 1960, Prince Philip commissioned Robert Welch to design and produce a silver trophy, known as the Prince Philip Silver Wink, which has been awarded since 1961 to the top British university tiddlywinks team competing in inter-university matches.
Inspiration
“Early on I was inspired by architecture, by Corbusier, Mies van der Rohe, and Marcel Breuer. I went to see Corbusier's Ronchamp chapel just after it was built. But lately, my sources of inspiration have been painters and sculptors, Brancusi and Giacometti, for example." Robert Welch
“It's one of these questions which is always asked: ‘Where does one draw one's inspiration from?'. There is no one source, one just sort of reacts to life, rather like a light meter, you can see things under any conditions, in any circumstances. Of course consciously one can keep one's mind alert; I like to spend a great deal of time in museums, I like to carefully study all sorts of things, I enjoy looking and browsing through books on old silver, books on old iron. Inspiration can come from anywhere, from bubbles, from looking at a beehive, from looking at a bird's nest, anything can happen. It's just one of these things which cannot be really pinpointed, you just (...) are alert and aware and receptive, and somehow things just happen.” Robert Welch
Awards and honours
1962 Elected FSIA (Fellow of the Society of Industrial Artists)
1965 Elected RDI (Royal Designer for Industry) – a faculty within the Royal Society of Arts
1979 Awarded MBE (Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire)
Selected designs
Dates denote year/s of design, year of first production may be later
1956 Campden tableware and cutlery range, named after Chipping Campden, Gloucestershire, where his studio was based. The cutlery was jointly designed with David Mellor (designer). The Campden toast rack won a Design Centre Award in 1957.
1957–1960 Oriana tableware and cutlery range. Commissioned by the Orient Line for the ocean liner Oriana, launched in 1960.
1961 CD25 cast iron candlestick (medium), the first of a decorative range of cast iron pieces. This was re-launched in the mid-1990s as Hobart.
1961 Merlin alarm clock for Westclox.
1961 Alveston cutlery, named after his home village, near Stratford-upon-Avon. Alveston cutlery won a Design Council Award in 1965.
1961-4 Alveston tea set. Including what is often referred to as the Aladdin tea pot.
1966 Lumitron 3000 lighting range.
1979 Kitchen Devils' Professional knife range. The Kitchen Devils Professional knife range won a Design Centre Award in 1984.
Museum Collections
Robert Welch's designs are in several museum collections including: the Victoria and Albert Museum and British Museum, London; Museum of Modern Art, New York; Philadelphia Museum of Art, USA; Museum Boijmans van Beuningen, the Netherlands; KODE Art Museums of Bergen, Norway.
Robert Welch Designs
The design business is today run by Alice and Rupert Welch, two of his three children.
Each new design is still created in Chipping Campden in the same building where Welch began his career over half a century ago.
References
Further reading
Crawford, A. and Welch, R. (Ed. Forbes, C.). (1973). Robert Welch: Design in a Cotswold Workshop. Pub: Lund Humphries, London.
Welch, R. (1986). Hand and Machine: Robert Welch, Designer-Silversmith. Pub: Robert Welch, Gloucestershire.
Coatts, M. and Myerson, J. (1995). Robert Welch: Designer-Silversmith – A Retrospective Exhibition 1955–1995. Pub: Cheltenham Art Galleries and Museums.
Andrew, J. and Styles, D. (2014). Designer British Silver: From Studios Established 1930–1983. Pub: Antique Collectors' Club, Woodbridge, Suffolk.
External links
Company website
Obituary in the Guardian MacCarthy, F. (2000). His clocks, cutlery and candlesticks helped to define 'contemporary' style.
1929 births
2000 deaths
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
Members of the Order of the British Empire
English designers
English silversmiths
People from Hereford
People from Malvern, Worcestershire
People educated at Hanley Castle High School
English industrial designers
Alumni of the Birmingham School of Art
Military personnel from Herefordshire
Royal Air Force airmen
JOOR is a data analytics company.
JOOR has 8,600 brands on the platform and Al Tayer was the 28th retail company on the Joor Pro system. Global in scope, JOOR clients include Neiman Marcus and Kate Spade and Balenciaga. The company has 130 employees including 86 in New York City. Others in sales and customer support roles are in Paris, Madrid, London, Milan, Melbourne, Philadelphia and Los Angeles.
When Kristin Savilia stepped into the CEO shoes at JOOR, the tech team only included two females, which represented less than five percent of the team. Eighteen short months later, the JOOR tech organization (Engineering, Product and Quality Assurance) is 33% women, well exceeding the industry average of 13.5%.
In February 2019, the company raised a Series C round, where it also reported that Joor's platform has netted $23 billion in gross merchandise volume across 3.68 million orders. Nearly half of these orders were placed and processed in the last 12 months.
In September 2019, JOOR announced the acquisition of B2B wholesale technology Veee, as well as a strategic partnership with Premium Group, a fashion trade show organizer in Europe.
Products
Joor has launched “Snapshot,” a tool that gives brands a live view of how their wholesale businesses are trending. Brands can access such information as best-selling styles, their top-volume retailers and wholesale volumes. Additional functions will be added. This type of data visualization helps brands to understand key metrics around their wholesale business.
JOOR's clients include Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus in New York and Harrods in London, as well as the conglomerates LVMH, Kering, Richemont, VF Corporation, Kate Spade, and Kellwood Company.
Funding
JOOR has raised $20.5 million in venture funding since 2010, including a $15 million Series B funding round led by Canaan Partners in July 2013. Other investors include Battery Ventures, Advance Publications, Lerer Ventures, Great Oaks Venture Capital, Landis Capital, and Forerunner Ventures.
In February 2019 the company closed a $16 million in series C funding as it looks to add more tools to its platform and expand operations in Asia.
Awards
Inc. named JOOR as one of their "Companies to Watch," and Fast Company named JOOR one of the "10 Most Innovative Companies in Fashion". In 2014, Internet Week named JOOR one of the 30 best places to work in New York City Tech.
References
American companies established in 2010
Providers of services to on-line companies
2010 establishments in New York City
Privately held companies based in New York City
Information technology companies of the United States
Michael John Duncliffe (born 17 September 1947) is an English former professional footballer who made more than 200 appearances in the Football League playing as a full back for Brighton & Hove Albion, Grimsby Town and Peterborough United.
References
1947 births
Living people
Footballers from Brighton
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Cambridge City F.C. players
Wisbech Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Emily Katherine Bell Tippetts (March 11, 1865 – December 20, 1950) was an American businesswoman and clubwoman based in St. Petersburg, Florida. She was one of the first women to run for a seat in the Florida legislature, in 1922. As the founder and president of the St. Petersburg chapter of the National Audubon Society for over 30 years, and in various statewide and national leadership positions with women's clubs, Tippetts helped establish protective legislation and bird sanctuaries throughout Florida.
Early life
Emily Katherine Bell was born in Marion Station, Maryland, the daughter of Nathaniel Thomas Bell and Julia Frances Hawkes Bell. Her mother was a Mayflower descendant.
Career
Audubon Society and conservation work
Tippetts moved to Florida in 1902, one of the city's "pioneers" and proprietor of the Belmont Hotel. She founded the St. Petersburg chapter of the National Audubon Society in 1909, holding the first meeting in her hotel, and was the chapter's president for over 30 years, until she retired from the past in 1940. She was also the first woman president of the Florida Audubon Society, serving from 1920 to 1924. She contributed to the establishment of wildlife sanctuaries in Florida, and the passage of the Migratory Bird Act of 1913. She successfully petitioned the state to protect the American robin, and holly plants, and to form the Florida Fish and Game Commission. In 1915, under her pressure, St. Petersburg became the second known city in the world to tax cat owners, an effort to control the hazards of stray and abandoned cats. "Mrs. Tippetts said that she would rather have a tree named for her, than anything else, except perhaps her child and grandchild," according to a 1928 account. She was chair of the Nature Study and Wildlife Refuges committee (1924 to 1928) and chair of the Division of Conservation (1928 to 1932) of the General Federation of Women's Clubs.
Other leadership roles
During World War I, Tippetts raised money as city chair of the War Savings Stamp campaign. In 1922, Tippetts became one of the first two women to run for a seat in the Florida legislature. She was vice president of the American Forestry Association, and president of the Florida Federation of Women's Clubs from 1926 to 1928. She worked with her friend and Florida first lady May Mann Jennings on some federation projects, and in leadership of the Florida Legislative Council. She chaired the Florida Chamber of Commerce. She was vice president of the Crippled Children's Guild, and in that role helped to found a children's hospital in 1926. She also organized the city's first Boy Scout troop and named a nearby lake.
Writing
Under the pen-name "Jerome Cable", Tippetts published a novel, Prince Arengzeba: A Romance of Lake George (1892). She later wrote a pamphlet, Birds of the States (1932) about state birds, for schools and women's study groups. In 1941, she was honored by the St. Petersburg branch of the National League of American Pen Women.
Personal life
Bell married newspaperman William Henry Tippetts in 1890, and moved to Florida for his health in 1902; he died in 1909. They had three sons and a daughter. Katherine Bell Tippetts died in 1950, aged 85 years, in St. Petersburg. There is a park in St. Petersburg named in her memory.
References
1865 births
1950 deaths
People from St. Petersburg, Florida
American conservationists
American women writers
American women in World War I
20th-century American people
Blind Bay is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Royal Victorian Order is an order of knighthood awarded by the sovereign of the United Kingdom and several Commonwealth realms. It is granted personally by the monarch and recognises personal service to the monarchy, the Royal Household, royal family members, and the organisation of important royal events. The order was officially created and instituted on 23 April 1896 by letters patent under the Great Seal of the Realm by Queen Victoria. It was instituted with five grades, the two highest of which were Knight Grand Cross (GCVO) and Knight Commander (KCVO), which conferred the status of knighthood on holders (apart from foreigners, who typically received honorary awards not entitling them to the style of a knight). Women were not admitted until Edward VIII altered the statutes of the order in 1936; those receiving the highest two awards were styled dames and those grades, when conferred on women, are Dame Grand Cross and Dame Commander (DCVO).
No limit was placed on the number of appointments which could be made. Queen Elizabeth II (reigned since 1952) appointed 288 Knights Commander and 19 Dames Commander of the order during the first 25 years of her reign (from her accession to the end of 1977).
Knights and Dames Commander appointed by Elizabeth II
The list below is ordered by date of appointment. Full names, ranks and titles are given where applicable, as correct at the time of appointment to the order. Branch of service or regiment details are given in parentheses to distinguish them from offices. The names, dates, offices and occasions listed are those given by Peter Galloway in his 1996 history of the order, Royal Service.
References
Citations
Bibliography
P. Duckers (2004), British Orders and Decorations (Princes Risborough: Shire Publications Ltd, )
P. Galloway, D. Stanley, D. Martin (1996), Royal Service, volume 1 (London: Victorian Publishing, )
C. McCreery (2008), On Her Majesty's Service: Royal Honours and Recognition in Canada (Toronto: Dundurn Press; )
W. M. Shaw (1906), The Knights of England, volume i (London: Sherratt and Hughes; OCLC 185192520)
British honours system
Royal Victorian Order
Royal Victorian
The Emblem of Haryana is the official seal of the government of the Indian state of Haryana.
Design
The emblem consists of a circular shield depicting a lotus blossom emerging out of water in front of a rising sun. The shield is supported by ears of wheat and the Lion Capital of Ashoka forms the crest.
Government banner
The Government of Haryana can be represented by a banner displaying the emblem of the state on a white field.
See also
National Emblem of India
List of Indian state emblems
References
Government of Haryana
Haryana
Symbols of Haryana
Ulige Numre was a Danish rock band made up of Carl Emil Møller Petersen (vocals and guitar), Nick Lee (bass), Teis Lindeskov Søgaard (drums) and Jacob Ulstrup (keyboards). They are signed to A:larm / Universal Music label.
Career
Ulige Numre ("odd numbers" in Danish), played their debut gig 26 November 2010 in "HUSET-KBH", placed in Magstræde in Copenhagen. Playing early songs such as "Sølvvognen"("silver chariot") and "Hænder"("hands"). Through 2011 they built up a small fanbase in Copenhagen, while they recorded their music.
The 26 September 2011 their debut single "København" ("Copenhagen") was released. Straight away it went to be a charting single. The self-produced music video was launched on their YouTube channel. The video, containing old footage about Copenhagen and clips from feature films, received wide media coverage and attention on social media sites. The single was promoted on DR P3, and the band made appearances on TV shows including Det Nye Talkshow - med Anders Lund Madsen. In 2012, "København" won "Best Song 2012" at Årets Steppeulv awards.
On 31 October 2011, the band released its well-received self-titled EP Ulige numre. It was released on Auditorium label and is produced by Nikolaj Nørlund.
The singles "København" and "Navn i sneen" ("name in the snow") received heavy airplay on Danish radio station P3.
In 2012 Ulige Numre had a growing fanbase and played concerts all over Denmark, mainly on Danish festivals, the biggest being Roskilde Festival.
In June 2013, the single "Blå" (meaning "blue") was released and received a lot of airplay on Danish radio. The single reached number 38 on the Danish charts.
The 12 August their debut album "Nu til Dags" ("now a days") was released, and went number 1 on the Danish charts.
The 19 September 2013 Ulige Numre began their "Nu til Dags"-tour around Denmark. The tour began in Aarhus and ended in Copenhagen 26 October.
Split
The members of Ulige Numre announced that they were dissolving the band in a letter posted on their Facebook page on 15 March 2017.
In popular culture
On 18 February 2012, the Danish reality television X Factor contestant Morten Benjamin performed the Ulige Numre's "København"
Discography
Albums
EPs
2011: Ulige Numre
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Facebook
Danish rock music groups
2011 establishments in Denmark
Musical groups established in 2011
Musical groups disestablished in 2017
The 1966 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1966 NCAA University Division football season. In its ninth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 7–2 record and outscored opponents by a total of 121 to 96. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Terry Padgett with 348 passing yards, Terry Padgett with 539 rushing yards, Dale Brady with 176 receiving yards, and Tom Wallace with 36 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
The Women's 4 × 100 metre medley relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 22 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 09:59.
Final
The final was held on 22 May at 17:06.
References
Women's 4 x 100 metre medley relay
2016 in women's swimming
Karina Fernández Madrigal (born June 22, 1978) is a female athlete from Costa Rica. She competes in triathlon.
Madrigal competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She did not finish the competition.
References
sports-reference
Costa Rican female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Costa Rica
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Costa Rica
Living people
1978 births
20th-century Costa Rican women
21st-century Costa Rican women
Events in the year 1890 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
7 September – Parliamentary elections were held in the country. The result was an overwhelming victory for the People's Liberal Party of Prime Minister Stefan Stambolov.
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Gaspar Panadero Zamora (born 9 December 1997), sometimes known simply as Gaspar, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a winger for Azerbaijani club Qarabağ FK.
Club career
Almería
Born in Tarazona de la Mancha, Albacete, Castilla-La Mancha, Panadero joined UD Almería's youth setup in 2012, aged 14, after starting it out at Albacete Balompié. He made his senior debut with the B-team on 10 May 2014, coming on as a second half substitute for Kiu in a 2–3 Segunda División B home loss against UD Melilla.
On 12 September 2014 Panadero made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, playing the last six minutes in a 1–1 home draw against Córdoba CF at the age of 16 years and 277 days, thus becoming the Andalusians' youngest player to debut for the club (also in the top division), and the 20th overall. However, he only appeared with the B-side for the remainder of the campaign.
Panadero scored his first senior goal on 10 January 2016, netting the last in a 3–1 home win against FC Jumilla. On 27 January of the following year, in only his second match with the main squad, he scored the last in a 3–0 home success over Real Oviedo, after replacing Javi Álamo in the dying minutes.
Ahead of the 2017–18 season, Panadero was definitely promoted to the main squad, and extended his contract until 2021 on 9 August 2017. The following April, he suffered a serious knee injury, being sidelined for seven months.
Al Wahda
On 26 January 2020, Panadero moved abroad for the first time in his career, joining UAE Pro League side Al Wahda FC.
Cádiz
On 2 August 2020, Panadero signed a three-year contract with newly-promoted La Liga club Cádiz CF, but was loaned to SD Ponferradina in the second division on 5 October. Upon returning, he terminated his contract on 3 August 2021.
Qarabağ
On 4 August 2021, Panadero signed a one-year deal with Qarabağ FK in Azerbaijan.
International career
On 17 September 2014 Panadero was called up to Spain under-19, along with teammate Antonio Marín. He made his debut for the side on 27 January of the following year, starting and assisting Borja Mayoral in a 1–0 home win against Qatar.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Albacete
Spanish footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Footballers from Castilla–La Mancha
Association football wingers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
UD Almería B players
UD Almería players
Cádiz CF players
SD Ponferradina players
UAE Pro League players
Al Wahda FC players
Qarabağ FK players
Spain youth international footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
The Maryland Environmental Trust (MET) is a land trust and quasi-public entity affiliated with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources and governed by a private Board of Trustees. It was established by the Maryland General Assembly in 1967.
Establishment
The Maryland General Assembly created the Trust in 1967:
... to conserve, improve, stimulate, and perpetuate the aesthetic, natural, health and welfare, scenic, and cultural qualities of the environment, including, but not limited to land, water, air, wildlife, scenic qualities, open spaces, buildings or any interest therein, and other appurtenances pertaining in any way to the State. Through educational and other means, the Trust shall encourage and motivate the populace of the State and others to do so and shall promote continuing interest in and the study of these matters. The purpose of the Trust is of general benefit to the citizens of the State, and it is charitable in nature.
Mission statement
The mission of the Maryland Environmental Trust is to provide landowners with information and tools to permanently protect natural, historic and scenic resources in the state.
Operation
The Maryland Environmental Trust serves as the statewide land trust and holds over 1,107 conservation easements permanently protecting over in Maryland. Its programs include Land Conservation, Monitoring and Stewardship, Local Land Trust Assistance and the Keep Maryland Beautiful Grants Program. The Land Conservation Program assists landowners with permanently protecting the natural, scenic and/or historic resources of their land primarily with conservation easements. Some of the properties that the MET currently protects through conservation easements include Sagamore Farm, Holly Hill, Summerseat Farm, Mount Harmon, Daniel Sheffer Farm, Tyrconnell (Towson, Maryland), Maidstone (Owings, Maryland), the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center (SERC), Wye House in Talbot County and over of historic land surrounding the Civil War battlefields of Antietam, Monocacy, South Mountain and the Battle of Crampton's Gap. The Maryland Environmental Trust is a member of the Land Trust Alliance.
Board of Trustees
The Maryland Environmental Trust is governed by a 19-member Board of Trustees with 15 trustees as volunteer citizens representing diverse areas of the state. The remaining three trustees are ex-officio members: the Governor, Speaker of the House, and President of the Senate. The Trust is assisted by Area Representatives who work directly with the Board.
References
External links
Maryland Environmental Trust
Environmental organizations based in Maryland
Land trusts in the United States
Protected areas of Maryland
1967 establishments in Maryland
Felicjan (, Felitsian) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Felicjan
Harras is an album of improvised music by Derek Bailey, John Zorn & William Parker. The album was released by the Japanese Avant label in 1996. Towards the end of the track "Evening Harras" there are 10 minutes of silence followed by a Bailey solo. "According to Derek Bailey, the abrupt cutoff was planned. Derek wanted to end it "on a high". The Bailey solo material appended after the silence was apparently Zorn's idea."
Reception
The Allmusic review by Dean McFarlane awarded the album 3 stars stating "Evidently the candid session that took place on a night in New York resulted in a chaotic collision of ideas. With the performers being such strong voices individually, the abundant ideas fly in and out of the picture with no apparent regard to form; the session evolves from tepid beginnings into a no-holds-barred, rapid-fire assault on the senses. Fans of ultra-high-energy free improvisation will find it a delight to hear these three masters sparring on this one-off collaboration, making Harras a vital historical document which requires the gumption of a hardened avant-garde music fan to take the whole recording in one listen".
Track listing
All compositions by Bailey/Parker/Zorn
"Morning Harras" – 12:35
"Noon Harras" – 8:59
"Evening Harras" – 36:00
Personnel
Derek Bailey – guitar
John Zorn – alto saxophone
William Parker – bass
References
Derek Bailey (guitarist) live albums
John Zorn live albums
1996 live albums
Avant Records albums
Emily Dubberley (born 1974, in Cheltenham) is a British author and journalist
specialising in sex and relationships. She founded women's sex website Cliterati in 2001 and went on to found Scarlet magazine in September 2004, editing the first ten issues before becoming editor-at-large. She has written 24 internationally selling books since 2004.
Career
Dubberley studied Social Psychology at Loughborough University, specialising in sexuality and covering topics including male and female attitudes to pornography and whether women want their sexual fantasies to come true. She was also sabbatical editor of the Students' Union newspaper and the founder of the Freefest Student Union music festival.
She spent the first decade of her career in the marketing industry, helping found the Student Broadcast Network, and becoming marketing manager for the Barfly group.
After being shortlisted for the Cosmopolitan Journalism Scholarship, and the Company Fiction Writer Award, she founded Cliterati in 2001, a text-based sex website for women offering erotica, advice and features. She has subsequently been nominated for three Erotic Awards: Best Campaigner; Best Book (Brief Encounters: The Woman's Guide to Casual Sex) and Best Film (Lover's Guide 3D).
Dubberley was founding editor of Scarlet, a sex magazine for women that launched in September 2004. She has written for numerous publications including More, New Woman, Elle, Men's Health, Forum, The Guardian, Penthouse, The Star and Glamour, and has had articles syndicated worldwide. She was heavily involved with a writer's website, abctales, which launched in around 2000.
She wrote the five most recent Lovers' Guide videos, edited the Lovers' Guide magazine and helped create loversguide.com. She also wrote for the Joan Rivers Position on Channel 5. Throughout 2006 she wrote and presented a monthly podcast show Sex Talk With Emily Dubberley for Audible.co.uk, which she followed with a series of erotic anthologies. Dubberley was also editor of EK (Erotic Knave) magazine and sex agony aunt for Look magazine for five years.
Currently, Dubberley runs urban gardening website Groweatgift.com and arts and science organisation Forestofthoughts.co.uk, helps organise Brighton Science Festival, is a freelance journalist and writes fiction and non-fiction books. In 2008, after her mother's successful treatment for breast cancer, Dubberley created Burlesque Against Breast Cancer, a charity campaign seeking to raise money for Macmillan Cancer Support. The BABC programme includes Ultimate Burlesque, an erotic anthology co-edited by Dubberley and Alyson Fixter and published by Xcite Books, and a burlesque fundraising ball held in Brighton in November 2008. This was followed by a new anthology, Ultimate Decadence, again co-edited by Dubberley with Alyson Fixter and Sarah Berry, and published by Xcite Books. Recently Xcite has been involved with a gaming network and group. He can be found not only publishing the latest pornographic literature, but online playing Arma 3.
On 1 July 2011, she appeared on This Morning defending erotica from journalist, Samantha Brick in light of the popularity of 50 Shades of Grey. She won the debate with 87% of the viewer vote, arguing "One of the advantages of erotica is that it can help spread a safer sex message. It's about education. BDSM isn't to be taken lightly but then, neither is any other kind of sex."
In 2012, she updated Cliterati.co.uk, introducing new columnists including Dr Malcolm VandenBurg, Susan Quilliam (co-author of the Joy of Sex) and Ophelia Bitz (founder of controversial cabaret collective and events organisation, ArtWank!)The new site expanded content to include reviews, news and events, science, style, history and culture alongside the features, advice and erotic stories. The site remains free.
List of works
Books
The Lovers' Guide Lovemaking Deck (Connections, 2004)
Brief Encounters: The Women's Guide to Casual Sex (Fusion Press, 2005)
Things a Woman Should Know About Seduction (Carlton, 2005)
Sex Play (Connections, 2005)
You Must be My Best Friend Because I Hate You (Fusion, 2005)
Sex for Busy People (Fireside, 2006)
Whip Your Life into Shape: The Dominatrix Principle (Andrews McMeel, 2006)
I'd Rather Be Single Than Settle (Fusion, 2006)
More Sex Play (Connections, 2006)
The Ex Factor (Fusion, 2007)
The Good Fantasy Guide (Prospero Books, 2007)
True Passion: A Tale of Desire As Told To Madame B (Ebury, 2007)
Girlfriends: The Art of Women Loving Women (Hollan, 2008)
Ultimate Burlesque (co-edited with Alyson Fixter) (Xcite Books, 2008)
The Good Going Down Guide (with Al Needham) (Macmillan, 2008)
Bound to Please (Connections, 2009)
Fantasy Sex (Connections, 2009)
Friendly Fetish (Piatkus, 2009)
Ultimate Decadence (co-edited with Alyson Fixter and Sarah Berry) (Xcite Books, 2009)
Hot Sex (Connections, 2010)
The Seduction Box (Connections, 2010)
Arousal (Connections, 2011)
The Field Guide to F*cking: A Hands-on Reference to Finding Great Sex (Quayside, 2012)
Acrobatic Sex: Moves So Crazy, We Dare You to Try Them (Quayside, 2012)
Garden of Desires: The Evolution of Women's Sexual Fantasies (Black Lace, 2013)
DVDs
Lovers' Guide: Sexual Positions
Lovers' Guide: Sex Play
Lovers Guide: Satisfaction Guaranteed, 7 Secrets to a Passionate Love Life
Lovers Guide: Interactive
The Lovers' Guide 3D - Igniting Desire: How to have the best sex of your life
Podcasts
Sex Talk With Emily Dubberley
Dark Desires: A Collection of Erotic Stories
A Little Bit More: A Collection of Erotic Stories
Sapphic Seduction: A Collection of Erotic Stories
Stranger Than Fiction: A Collection of Erotic Stories
Vanilla Daydreams: A Collection of Erotic Stories
External links
Emily Dubberley's website
Cliterati
Black Lace
Scarlet Magazine
Burlesque Against Breast Cancer
Xcite Books
English writers
1974 births
Living people
Alumni of Loughborough University
English women writers
People from Cheltenham
British sexologists
Wierzbica may refer to the following places:
Poland
Wierzbica, Gmina Leśniowice in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Wierzbica, Gmina Wierzbica in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Wierzbica, Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Wierzbica, Kraśnik County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Wierzbica, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Wierzbica, Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Wierzbica, Miechów County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Wierzbica, Proszowice County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Wierzbica, Busko County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Wierzbica, Jędrzejów County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Wierzbica, Pińczów County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Wierzbica, Legionowo County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Wierzbica, Radom County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Wierzbica, Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Wierzbica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Czech Republic
Vrbice (Polish: Wierzbica), part of the town of Bohumín in the Czech Republic
See also
Wierzbick
Wierzbicka (disambiguation)
Brian Scott Robinson (born December 7, 1965) is a United States Air Force lieutenant general who has served as commander of the Air Education and Training Command since May 20, 2022. He previously served as the deputy commander of the Air Mobility Command.
Robinson was born in 1965 and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; his father, William served in the United States Army. He attended the Philadelphia High School of Engineering and Philadelphia University, earning a Bachelor's degree in computer science in 1987.
In July 2020, the United States Senate confirmed his promotion to lieutenant general and nomination to become the deputy commander of Air Mobility Command, replacing Lieutenant General Jacqueline Van Ovost, who was set to become commander of the major command.
Awards and decorations
Effective dates of promotions
References
Living people
1960s births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Jefferson University alumni
Air University (United States Air Force) alumni
Webster University alumni
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy alumni
United States Air Force generals
Lieutenant generals
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
The Lawless Woman is a 1931 American crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Vera Reynolds, Carroll Nye and Thomas E. Jackson.
Cast
Vera Reynolds as June Page
Carroll Nye as Allan Perry
Thomas E. Jackson as 'Paddy' Reardon
Wheeler Oakman as 'Poker' Wilson
Gwen Lee as Kitty Adams
James P. Burtis as Bill
Phillips Smalley as Dan Taylor
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1931 films
1931 crime films
1930s English-language films
American crime films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Eva Steiner Moseley is an American curator and archivist. She has served as the curator of the Schlesinger Library on the History of Women at Radcliffe College in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Moseley has written on women in archives and has been involved in many institutions and organizations in at least administration level. Moseley has been involved with the Society of American Archivists as Council Member (1984–1987), served on multiple committees, and a frequent contributor and editor of the American Archivist (1982).
Early life and education
Moseley was born on December 25, 1931 to Leopold and Isabella Steiner in Vienna, Austria. She and her family came to the United States in 1939 as refugees. She attended Mount Holyoke College for a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, which she earned in 1953. She went on to Radcliffe College for her Master of Arts in Sanskrit and Indian Studies, graduating in 1955.
Career
Since graduating with her Masters, Moseley has held various positions in libraries and archives around the world. She has also served as editor and contributor to journals and publications over her career. Some of her past employers include: Asia Foundation (San Francisco), Boolean Law Library and Institute of Commonwealth Studies (Oxford), and most notably, her roles as curator and director at Schlesinger Library at Radcliffe College, where she served from 1970 until her retirement in 1999.
Affiliations
Founded the Harvard Hams in 1977
President of Sara R. Ehrmann Foundation, 1980–1983.
American Civil Liberties Union Foundation of Massachusetts: Member 1978–1980, Board of Directors 1980-1984, Public Education and Colloquium Committee Chair 1983–1984, Trustee since 1982, Secretary since 1990.
Medford (Massachusetts) Historical Society: Chair Acquisitions Committee 1979–1987, Program Committee 1983–1989
Society of American Archivists: Program Committee 1979, Manuscript Repositories Section Chair 1979–1980, Nominating Committee 1981, Local Arrangements Committee 1982, Committee on Goals and Priorities 1986–1989, Distinguished Service Award Subcommittee 1992–1995
Academy of Certified Archivists: member, Examination Committee 1991–1994
New England Archivists: Chair Program Committee 1975, 1979, 1982, Newsletter Editor 1975–1978, Associate Editor 1980–1983, Vice President, Chair of Long-Range Planning Committee 1988–1989, President 1989–1990, Chair of the Nominating Committee 1990–1991, Distinguished Service Award Committee 1995
Boston Archivists Group: Co-Founder 1977, Coordinator 1977–1982
Harvard Radcliffe Manuscripts/Archives Group: Co-Founder 1979, Steering Committee Member since 1980, Chair Publications Committee 1986–1990
Berkshire Conference on the History of Women: Panel Chair, Speaker 1974, 1978, 1990, 1993, Phi Beta Kappa.
Publications
Moseley's writings have been cited by other archivists and scholars researching women in history. In her work, Moseley often considers the impact of feminism on history and archives and reflects the uncertainty of women's history when it was still a new field. However, she embraces the new field of women's history as "a welcome challenge, rather than an irritating distraction from collecting and research on the big names, female or male, of history." She notes the responsibility of archivists to preserve women's papers, while reluctant to be radical as an 'activist archivist.'
"Women in Archives: Documenting the History of Women in America", American Archivist, 1973, .
"Sources for the 'New Women's History, American Archivist, 1980, .
"One Half Our History", Harvard Library Bulletin, 1984, .
"Labor Holdings at the Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe College", Labor History, 1992, .
Women, Information, and the Future: Collecting and Sharing Resources Worldwide (edited), Highsmith Press, 1995.
Recognition
A festschrift in honor of Moseley, A Sampling of Innocent Documents: Essays Dedicated to Eva Steiner Moseley, was published by Radcliffe College in 1999.
References
American librarians
American archivists
1931 births
Radcliffe College people
People from Vienna
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Radcliffe College alumni
Living people
Juwad Asaad Rasol Shitnah (, born 4 October 1940 in Rawanduz – 24 May 1982 in Baghdad) was an Iraqi regular military officer. He served as commander of the 3rd Armored Division during Iran–Iraq War. He was executed After the Iraqi army defeat at Khorramshahr in 1982.
References
1940 births
1982 deaths
Iraqi generals
Iraqi soldiers
Assassinated military personnel
Iraqi military personnel of the Iran–Iraq War
Deaths by firearm in Iraq
People murdered in Iraq
People from Erbil Governorate
Capital punishment in Iraq
Kurdish military personnel
Iraqi Kurdish people
20th-century executions by Iraq
Edward A. Boyse FRS, AAAS, NAS(August 11, 1923 – July 14, 2007) was a British-born, American physician and biologist best known for his research on the immune system and pheromones.
Life
Boyse was born in Worthing, England and studied medicine at the University of London.
Boyse joined the staff of Sloan-Kettering in New York City in 1962 following an appointment at New York University. He was a professor of biology at Cornell University Medical College between 1969 and 1989 and a professor at the University of Arizona between 1989 and 1994.
Boyse and others were among the earlier researchers to look at how the immune system responded to antigens using mice focussing on the role of white blood cells. In 1975, he won the Cancer Research Institute William B. Coley Award for distinguished research in immunology. in 1976 he won the Isaac Adler prize awarded jointly by Harvard and Rockefeller Universities. He later studied how animals can communicate through odors. Boyse was the first to propose that umbilical cord blood could be used in place of bone marrow for hematopoietic reconstitution.
Boyse was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, a Fellow of the Royal Society, and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Boyse retired in Tucson, Arizona where he died in 2007 from pneumonia, aged 83.
References
1923 births
2007 deaths
British emigrants to the United States
American immunologists
Alumni of the University of London
New York University faculty
Cornell University faculty
University of Arizona faculty
People from Tucson, Arizona
People from Worthing
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the Royal Society
H.H.Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Sawai Shri Khande Rao II Holkar X Bahadur (1828 – 17 March 1844), belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was Maharaja of Indore (Hokar State) (r. 1843 – 1844). He was born at Jotsikhera in 1828, as the eldest son of Shrimant Sardar Bapuji Rao Holkar of Jotsikhera.
He was adopted by his cousin, Maharaja Hari Rao Holkar IX, 2 July 1841 (recognised by the Government of India, 30 August 1841),and succeeded on the death of his adopted father, 24 October 1843.
After the death of Hari Rao Holkar, his adopted successor Khande Rao was formally installed on 13 November 1843, and his succession was recognized by the British Government.
He reigned under the Regency of his adopted grandmother, Maharani Krishna Bai Holkar Maji Sahiba. Being weak in mind and body, he was entirely under the influence of his minister Raja Bhau Phanse.
He suddenly died on 17 March 1844, without having adopted a son and successor or assigning that responsibility to his widow or mother.
See also
Holkar
References
1828 births
1844 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Barazani is a Baloch tribe living in Iranian Balochistan.
See also
Baluch
Baloch tribes
Baluchistan
Barzani (disambiguation)
Sources
Countrystudies.us: Iran - Baluchis
MNSU,edu: Baluchi
Baloch tribes
Ethnic groups in Iran
Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Manoj Gajurel is a Nepali comedian, actor, singer, model, and judge of a stand-up reality show called Comedy Champion.
Childhood
Born on 12 May 1974, Manoj Gajurel was raised by his mother Indramaya Gajurel and brother Keshav Gajurel after the demise of his father Bhawani Prasad Gajurel just after 4 months of his birth. He changed 11 schools until he passed School Leaving Certificate.
Career
He started his career early as soon as he completed the master's degree in Mass communication from Tribhuwan University. He performed acts and released audio cassettes like Photocopy, HAHAHA, ManojRanjan, etc. which are the popular releases from him.
He also started performing mimicry of popular political leaders like Puspa Kamal Dahal "Prachanda", Gyanendra Shah, Narendra Modi, Donald Trump etc. After his regular presentations through audios and radio programs, he has offered so many stage programs. He has visited almost all districts Of Nepal and many countries s to attend stage programs.
Filmography
Television
Gallery
Manoj Gajure's various characters
References
External links
Living people
Nepalese male models
20th-century Nepalese male actors
21st-century Nepalese male actors
Nepalese male television actors
Nepalese male stage actors
1974 births
People from Taplejung District
Nepalese male comedians
"Makes Me Wonder" is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was released on March 27, 2007, as the first single from their second studio album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long (2007). Upon its release, the song set a record for the biggest jump to number-one in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, rising from number 64 to number one. However, the record was later broken by Kelly Clarkson's 2009 single, "My Life Would Suck Without You".
"Makes Me Wonder" also became the band's first number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 50th Grammy Awards, their second song to win the award. The song was among the most successful of 2007, and was their biggest hit until the release of "Moves like Jagger" by the band in 2011.
Despite the song's commercial success, critical reception was mixed. It was ranked No. 49 on Rolling Stones list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
Background and writing
Adam Levine began writing parts of "Makes Me Wonder" years before its release in 2007. Maroon 5 recorded a demo of it, which was one of their firsts while on the "road". The band however put the track aside, and years later revisited it for It Won't Be Soon Before Long. Levine recalled that the song "kept coming up because the label loved it". After taking a break from their previous studio sessions for It Won't Be Soon Before Long, which was intended to gain "perspective" with the tracks, Maroon 5 regrouped at Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, California. There, they "rethought a couple of songs and we went back and recut about three songs".
Reworking the song for their new album, Maroon 5 struggled to finish "Makes Me Wonder". The band could not formulate a chorus that would match with the rest of "Makes Me Wonder"'s music, which then had been around for four years. At one point, it had the band deciding to venture into a songwriting trip to "somewhere without distractions". While working on another song when they went to a Las Vegas studio, Maroon 5 came up with a part that would work "if they changed the chords". Levine recalls, "It was actually great because we were distracted just enough that we didn't think about it too much, and then we wrote this part that wound up being the chorus."
Production and music
Prior to "Makes Me Wonder", producer Mark Endert had contributed to the band's debut album, Songs About Jane, in which he provided additional production to and mixed the hit single "This Love". Having worked on a song called "Wake-Up Call" for the new album, Endert's involvement transitioned to "Makes Me Wonder". Maroon 5, having re-examined the song, asked Endert to assist them on a track which they did not like. To Endert, the band did not "feel like they had realized its potential". However, "They were open to new ideas, so I had the freedom to go and look for a new approach."
Working on the new material, Endert produced a mockup for the track's arrangement, a process he normally does as a producer. Using his Logic system at Scream Studios, he programmed the keyboards, bass, guitars on an old '80s Roland. When done, Endert flew to Los Angeles to present to the band the track, to which they approved. Endert and the band went to the Sunset Sound studio where they added track and "replaced any parts in Logic that were considered band instruments", resulting to it sounding like Maroon 5's.
According to producer Mark Endert, the idea was to make the song's music contemporary and urban. Meanwhile, they wanted to render it classic by making references to '70s and early '80s sound. Its music changed from "a more rock 'n' roll feel to a '70s funk vibe".
Lyrical meaning
"Makes Me Wonder" began as a love song which Levine wrote about a "failed relationship", which he said went horribly wrong. However, when he revisited the song for It Won't Be Soon Before Long a few years later, Levine "recognized a whole new dimension" to it which resulted to his adding political insights on the lyrics.
The lyrics of "Makes Me Wonder" have two different meanings. It contains political insinuations disguised as a love song because of Levine's not wanting to be preachy. It combines lyrics about his being in a state of a failed relationship and his "failure to understand or trust" the leadership of his country.
One meaning is about Levine's frustration at the state of politics and the United States' role in the war in Iraq. From the original lyrics, they incorporated the line "Give me something to believe in / Because I don't believe in you anymore" which became the refrain to the chorus. Levine revealed that the lyrics "maybe not targeted at the Bush administration, but maybe dancing around that territory a little bit". "Makes Me Wonder" shows the band's confusion about the politics in the country. Levine explains:
I really wanted to write a political song, a song that reflected the way I felt about everything. It's one of the most difficult things in the world to do without coming off as a total arse and preachy - all the things that I hate about a lot of songwritings. So I didn't want to overtly say it. I just wanted to allude to it.
The second meaning is simply about love. The lyrics in the chorus reflects one of Levine's relationships that went horribly wrong. Levine states about their relationship, "It had something to do with our growing dissatisfaction with things and the confusion that was in the air."
Critical reception
The song received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic, discussing the identity of Maroon 5's music, noted that "Makes Me Wonder", even with its "flash[y] production", is not about its "feel" but the song itself that makes the album "work". Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times called "Makes Me Wonder" an "aggravatingly danceable track".
For Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly, Levine seems "detached ... cold even" in the song, adding that "there's a twisted logic to his dispassionate delivery". Wrote Rosie Swash of The Guardian, "'Makes Me Wonder' is so bland it's offensive." Robert Christgau, in his review for Rolling Stone, noted the "political subtext" of the song.
The band won their third Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for "Makes Me Wonder" at the 50th anniversary show of the Grammys on February 10, 2008. It was their second win in this category after "This Love".
Chart performance
The song has had one of the biggest bullets in Hot Adult history, with many AC radio stations putting it into heavy rotation mere days after its release. The song reached number 11 on the U.S. Adult Top 40 after only two weeks on the chart, becoming only the third song since 2000 to reach the top 15 of the Adult Top 40 in two weeks or fewer.
In the Billboard magazine issue dated May 12, 2007, Maroon 5 scored their first number-one on the Billboard Hot 100, due to strong radio airplay and 243,500 digital downloads. By doing so, they broke a record held by Kelly Clarkson's "A Moment Like This" for the biggest jump to number one in Hot 100 history, leaping from number 64 to number one (Clarkson's single had jumped from number 52 in October 2002). "Makes Me Wonder" remained at number one for a second week before falling to number two and then returning to number one in the following week. As of June 2014, it has sold 2,923,000 downloads in the US alone.
In the UK, the song debuted at number 19 with downloads alone a week before its physical release and rose to number 2 the second week, kept off the top spot by Rihanna's "Umbrella". In Mexico, it went on to sell over 420,000 digital downloads.
Music video
Directed by John Hillcoat, the video was shot at the Los Angeles International Airport and at the Los Angeles Department of Transportation. Levine said Hillcoat had an idea of turning the airport into a bizarre, surreal, sexually charged, fashionable world. It was the band's first music video without former drummer Ryan Dusick, who had left the band the previous year, and it was their first video to feature new drummer Matt Flynn. The clean version of the song is used in the video. At the end of the video, Levine is shown asleep on the plane with an eye mask on as the song plays in the background.
The video premiered on MTV's Total Request Live (TRL) on March 29, 2007. In the video, the gate they are in is "M5", which stands for Maroon 5.
Live performances
Maroon 5 performed "Makes Me Wonder" for the first time at the 2007 Kids' Choice Awards on March 31, 2007. Later, they continued with the song at the 2007 MuchMusic Video Awards on June 17, and Canadian Idol on August 14, respectively. Maroon 5 performed "Makes Me Wonder" for their ten-date Club Tour from April to June 2007, and It Won't Be Soon Before Long Tour (2007–2008). The band played with the song live in their various appearances such as American Idol, Good Morning America, Saturday Night Live, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Rove and TRL.
Appearances in other media
The song was featured in the television shows Ghost Whisperer, The Hills and Beat Shazam, as well as for the trailer of 27 Dresses (2008). An acoustic version of the song was featured on Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 2 and the remix versions by Stargate featuring Mims and Just Blaze (with the latter was included on Call and Response: The Remix Album). The song was featured on the video games Speed Drifters, Lips and Boogie Superstar. This song was used on the dance video game Dance Dance Revolution The Hottest Party 2 and was covered by the artist Sunshine Superman. It is also included on Grammy Nominees 2008 and Maroon 5's greatest hits album Singles (2015).
Track listings
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2007 (U.S.)
List of number-one dance singles of 2007 (U.S.)
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2007 (U.S.)
References
2007 singles
Maroon 5 songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles
Number-one singles in Turkey
Songs written by Adam Levine
Songs written by Jesse Carmichael
Songs written by Mickey Madden
2007 songs
A&M Octone Records singles
Alternative dance songs
Torch songs
Anti-war songs
Songs of the Iraq War
Delia Julia "Mickie" Akeley ( Denning; formerly Reiss; later Howe; December 5, 1869 – May 22, 1970) was an American explorer. She was born in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, a daughter of Irish immigrants, Patrick and Margaret ( Hanberry) Denning.
Early life
Delia Julia Akeley was born in 1869, although over the years, whether due to Delia's own misrepresentation or that of others, her birth year has been given as 1875. Mickie ran away from home in her late teens and made her way to Milwaukee, where she married Arthur Reiss, a barber, in 1889. She was just shy of her 20th birthday, but because of the erroneous attribution of her birth date, virtually every published account states that she was 14 when she married Reiss.
With Carl E. Akeley
In Milwaukee she met taxidermist, artist and inventor Carl E. Akeley, who was employed at the Milwaukee Public Museum. Akeley biographers Penelope Bodry-Sanders and Jay Kirk suggest that Delia and Akeley had an affair; in any case, Delia and Reiss soon divorced, and in 1902 Delia married Akeley, who by then had become Taxidermist-in-Chief at the Field Columbian Museum in Chicago, later the Field Museum of Natural History.
During his years at the Field, she assisted her husband in the creation of his groundbreaking Four Seasons of the Virginia Deer dioramas, and joined him on a 1906-07 collecting expedition to Africa. Akeley later joined the American Museum of Natural History in New York where he continued his taxidermy work and conceived the great Africa Hall. Delia accompanied Akeley on expeditions to collect specimens central to the most important displays in the African sections of both museums. The largest of the mounted African elephants known as the "Fighting Bulls" in the Field Museum's main hall was killed by Delia on the 1906 Field Museum expedition, and she also collected one of the members of the elephant group in the African Hall at the American Museum of Natural History on a 1909-11 expedition for that museum.
In Kenya, when hunting the elephants that were to form the most important of all the displays in the African Hall of the American Museum of Natural History, Carl Akeley was attacked by a bull elephant while out hunting with a team of his porters and helpers. They panicked and ran thinking he was done for. But Akeley survived, in no small part because Delia traveled back to his body with two porters who had initially fled in terror. He was seriously injured, but Delia got him to a hospital after a dangerous portage in mountainous country. She also nursed him back from the brink of death on at least one other occasion when he would have succumbed to blackwater fever2
In 1920, after Carl's recovery from blackwater fever, the Akeleys returned to New York accompanied by a pet monkey called "J.T. Jr.", acquired by the Akeleys during their last expeditions in Kenya. Back in New York, Carl Akeley spent his time raising money for the museum, sculpting models for his dioramas, and becoming better acquainted with Mary Jobe, a former debutante and Bryn Mawr graduate who had become an African explorer and ethnographer. Delia became increasingly occupied with the care and study of J.T. who was an extremely bright and jealous primate.
Both Bodry-Sanders and Kirk suggest that Delia's obsession with the monkey, and increasing isolation from the outside world, contributed to the deterioration of the Akeley marriage, and an acrimonious divorce occurred in 1923. Carl married his second wife, Mary, when he was 60 and she was 46, in 1924. Carl Akeley returned to Africa to hunt and study the mountain gorillas with his new wife Mary. In 1926, Carl contracted what has been described as dysentery but involved aggressive progression and aggressive bleeding from his orifices.
Later life
In 1924, after her divorce, Delia continued to travel widely in Africa leading her own expeditions and concentrating more on the ethnography of the more reclusive tribes such as the Forest People pygmies. She was one of the first westerners to explore the desert between Kenya and Ethiopia, and she explored the Tana River in a dugout canoe, entering it from the Indian Ocean. She also lived for several months with the pygmies of the Ituri Forest, Zaire.
On January 4, 1939, she married Warren D. Howe, a businessman, who died in 1951. She was listed in the 1946 edition of Who's Who in America.
Death
Delia Akeley died in 1970. Although her obituary lists her age at the time of death as 95, she was in fact 100 years old.
Bibliography
Her autobiographical works include:
Jungle Portraits
All True!
She was one of the first authors to write a non-anthropomorphic but psychologically insightful biography of another primate:
J.T. Junior: The Biography of an African Monkey (Macmillan: 1928)
Together with Christina Dodwell, Mary Kingsley, Florence Baker, and Alexine Tinne, she was one of the five subjects of a book by Margo McLoone:
Women explorers in Africa (1997).
Delia Akeley is included as a subject in a book on women explorers:
Verwegene Frauen Weiblicher Entdeckergeist und die Erforschung der Welt, written by Lorie Karnath.
References
Further reading
Sources
Delia J. Akeley, J.T. Junior: The Biography of an African Monkey (Macmillan Company, 1928)
D. Akeley, Jungle Portraits (The Macmillan Company, 1930)
Penelope Body-Sanders, African Obsession: The Life and Legacy of Carl Akeley (Batax, 1998); /
Lorie Karnath, Verwegene Frauen Weiblicher Entdeckergeist und die Erforschung der Welt (Terra Magica, 2009) )
Jay Kirk, Kingdom Under Glass: A Tale of Obsession, Adventure, and One Man's Quest to Preserve the World's Great Animals (Henry Holt and Co., 2010); ASIN: B0057DAQ54
Elizabeth Fagg Olds, Women of the Four Winds: The Adventures of Four of America's First Women Explorers (Mariner Books, 1999); /
Douglas J. Preston, Dinosaurs in the Attic (St. Martin's Griffin; Reissue edition (November 15, 1993)), /
1869 births
1970 deaths
American explorers
Explorers of Africa
People from Beaver Dam, Wisconsin
Writers from Wisconsin
American centenarians
Women centenarians
People associated with the American Museum of Natural History
Štimac () is a Serbo-Croatian surname.
It is one of the most common surnames in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County of Croatia.
It may refer to:
Craig Stimac (1954–2009), American Major League Baseball catcher
Greg Stimac (born 1976), American artist
Ida Štimac (born 2000), Croatian alpine skier
Igor Štimac, (born 1967), retired Croatian footballer
Vladimir Štimac (born 1987), Serbian basketballer
Slavko Štimac (born 1960), Yugoslav and Serbian actor
References
Serbian surnames
Croatian surnames
Slavic-language surnames
Eagle Bird is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Situated at an elevation of above sea level, it still appeared on maps as of 1902. Eagle Bird is located on the South Yuba River, south-southeast of Graniteville.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Robbert Duval (21 September 1639, The Hague – 22 January 1732, The Hague), was a Dutch Golden Age painter who lived well into the 18th century.
Biography
According to the RKD he learned to paint from Nicolaes Willingh and became his assistant in Berlin in 1667. He left Berlin to make a trip to Rome in 1668, where he joined the Bentvueghels with the nickname Fortuyn. He is known for painting portrait and historical allegories, of which none survive today.
According to Houbraken he left Rome for Padua in 1677 with Johannes Glauber and his brother. He probably left Padua with them for Venice, where he stayed until 1681. In 1682 he returned to the Hague, where he helped set up the Royal Academy of Art (The Hague) with Willem Doudijns, Theodor van der Schuer, and Daniel Mijtens the Younger. In the same year he became court painter to William III of England and worked at Het Loo Palace and Hampton Court. He lived to a great age.
References
1639 births
1732 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
18th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Members of the Bentvueghels
Painters from The Hague
Artists from The Hague
Court painters
Aurelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Aurelin
Home Wreckordings (Home Wreckordings 1997-1999) is a 2001 album by Rebecca Moore. As is implied by the title, it is made up of multitrack demos Moore recorded in her living room.
Track listing
Stilleto'd Young Stars
This/Past
Thaw
Live in Blue Sparks
Spectral Vapor in the Neural Machine
Cartoonlust
Somehow
Joy Will Come (a.k.a. Joe Will Cum)
Forest at Night
Fantasy
Prevention of Blindness
Sister Marianne
References
2001 albums
Rebecca Moore (artist) albums
Andaokut is a Native American mythological figure of the Nuu-chah-nulth people. He is a giant boy born from the tears of a woman mourning the loss of her child, which was stolen by Malahas. He ventures through the forest to find Malahas, slay her, and rescue the children she abducted.
References
Nuu-chah-nulth mythology
The American Theological Society, founded in 1912, is the oldest professional theological society in North America. It has met at least once each year in various locations on the East Coast of the United States, lately at Princeton Theological Seminary in Princeton, New Jersey. Membership is by nomination and election, and is limited to 100 people at any given time. The purpose of the American Theological Society is to foster research excellence in the various theological disciplines and to cultivate collegial relationships.
Membership
Membership in the American Theological Society is by nomination and election by two-thirds of the members voting at the annual meeting. The society's membership is capped at one hundred. There are several categories of membership. Active members of the American Theological Society are those who regularly attend its annual meetings and regularly pay the annual dues. Sustaining members are previously active members who have not attended a meeting within the past three years, but who have continued to pay the annual dues. Inactive members are those who have not attended at least one meeting within a three-year period and who have ceased to pay annual dues for at least three years. Members-designate are those who have been elected to membership but who have not yet attended an annual meeting.
Executive
The American Theological Society's business is organized by an executive committee consisting of a president, a vice-president (who is also president-elect), the immediately past president, a secretary, a treasurer, a program officer, and membership officer, and two at-large members. All are elected by the society's membership at its annual meeting.
Presidents
The presidents of the American Theological Society are as follows:
1912–1913: William Adams Brown
1913–1914: Daniel Evans
1914–1915: W. D. MacKenzie
1915–1916: George Cross
1916–1917: E. S. Drown
1917–1918: F. C. Porter
1918–1919: A. C. McGiffert
1919–1920: D. C. Macintosh
1920–1921: Rufus M. Jones
1921–1922: A. M. Dulles
1922–1923: Eugene W. Lyman
1923–1924: M. G. Evans
1924–1925: E. Hershey Sneath
1925–1926: A. L. Gillett
1926–1927: S. B. Meeser
1927–1928: A. C. Knudson
1928–1929: W. P. Ladd
1929–1930: R. M. Vaughan
1930–1931: John Baillie
1931–1932: Durant Drake
1932–1933: G. W. Richards
1933–1934: E. S. Brightman
1934–1935: J. B. Pratt
1935–1936: J. S. Bixler
1936–1937: W. K. Wright
1937–1938: W. M. Urban
1938–1939: R. E. Hume
1939–1940: A. G. Widgery
1940–1941: Angus Dun
1941–1942: George Thomas
1942–1943: Walter M. Horton
1943–1944: Paul Tillich
1944–1945: Vergilius Ferm
1945–1946: Douglas V. Steere
1946–1947: H. Richard Niebuhr
1947–1948: Reinhold Niebuhr
1948–1949: Norman Pittenger
1949–1950: E. A. Burtt
1950–1951: Richard Kroner
1951–1952: Morton S. Enslin
1952–1953: Henry P. Van Dusen
1953–1954: John C. Bennett
1954–1955: Otto Piper
1955–1956: Brand Blanshard
1956–1957: Clarence W. Hamilton
1957–1958: Nels S. F. Ferré
1958–1959: Shelton Smith
1959–1960: Albert Outler
1960–1961: John Knox
1961–1962: Harold DeWolf
1962–1963: Wilhelm Pauck
1963–1964: Peter Bertocci
1964–1965: Paul Ramsey
1965–1966: Paul Minear
1966–1967: Daniel Day Williams
1967–1968: John E. Smith
1968–1969: S. Paul Schilling
1969–1970: Paul Lehmann
1970–1971: George Hendry
1971–1972: Roger Hazelton
1972–1973: James Luther Adams
1973–1974: Eugene Fairweather
1974–1975:
1975–1976: Roger L. Shinn
1976–1977: Frederick Ferré
1977–1978: J. Robert Nelson
1978–1979: Avery Dulles
1979–1980: Gordon D. Kaufman
1980–1981: Carl F. H. Henry
1981–1982: Eugene Borowitz
1982–1983: J. Alfred Martin Jr.
1983–1984: Charles West
1984–1985: Bernhard Anderson
1985–1986: John D. Godsey
1986–1987: Richard A. Norris Jr.
1987–1988: Paul Meyer
1988–1989: Paul van Buren
1989–1990: Charles Curran
1990–1991: Gabriel Fackre
1991–1992: Franz J. van Beeck
1992–1993: J. Deotis Roberts
1993–1994: Owen C. Thomas
1994–1995: Karlfried Froehlich
1995–1996: Edward LeRoy Long Jr.
1996–1997: Geoffrey Wainwright
1997–1998: Stanley S. Harakas
1998–1999: Robert W. Jenson
1999–2000: Joanne McWilliam
2000–2001: Michael Fahey
2001–2002: Christopher Morse
2002–2003: George Tavard
2003–2004: Robert K. Johnston
2004–2005: J. Philip Wogaman
2005–2006: Robert Cummings Neville
2006–2007: Elizabeth A. Johnson
2007–2008: Daniel L. Migliore
2008–2009: Max Stackhouse
2009–2010: Kathryn Tanner
2010–2011: Peter Slater
2011–2012: Peter Paris
2012–2013: Charles M. Wood
2013–2014: Francis Schüssler Fiorenza
2014–2015: M. Douglas Meeks
2015–2016: Peter C. Phan
2016-2017: Wesley Wildman
Related societies
There are a number of other theological societies in North America.
Self-described national theological societies
Catholic Theological Society of America (founded in 1946; )
The Evangelical Theological Society (founded in 1949; website)
Wesleyan Theological Society (founded in 1965; website)
Orthodox Theological Society in America (founded in 1966; website)
Adventist Theological Society (probably founded in 1988; website)
Self-described regional theological societies
American Theological Society Midwest Division (founded in 1927; website)
Pacific Coast Theological Society (founded in 1939; website)
College Theology Society (founded in 1953; website)
Old Life Theological Society (founded around 2004; website)
Fox Valley Theological Society (founded around 2009 or 2010; website)
Boston Theological Society (founding year unknown; website)
Theological Discussion Group, currently "New Haven Theological Discussion Group" (founding year unknown; no website)
External links
Seminaries and theological colleges in the United States
1912 establishments in the United States
Theological societies
The Australasia County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA), or Australasian GAA, or Gaelic Football & Hurling Association of Australasia is one of the county boards of the GAA outside Ireland, and is responsible for Gaelic games all across Australasia. It is also responsible for Australasian inter-state matches, primarily conducted in an annual weeklong tournament. The association is made up of the Australian state associations of New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia, and the New Zealand associations of Wellington and Canterbury.
History
Gaelic football in Australia
In 1840 in Sydney's Hyde Park games of Hurling and Football were played by Irishmen.
In 1843 during Adelaide St Patrick's Day celebrations were held "in genuine Irish style" involving families native to Ireland playing a football game. The game started at 2pm and was played in honour of Saint Patrick.
In 1846 there was controversy when an Irish gathering organised to "play an old Irish game" in Sydney's Hyde Park.
In 1859 there were mentions of arrangements to celebrate "Gaelic games" in Geelong.
In 1864 an article in the Freeman's Journal of Sydney wrote about celebrating a holiday by renewing "some of our old national customs, our old manly games and exercises, hurling, football..."
In 1878 the Kerang Times and Swan Hill Gazette noted that "in the South of Ireland, where football is the exhilarating pastime fostered, usually on Sunday afternoon, when a good grass field or paddock is selected".
In 1887 the Freeman's Journal in Sydney, a catholic publication, printed the GAA's revised rules for Irish football.
Hurling in Australia
In 1860, a hurling match was played in Victoria which attracted a large attendance of Irishmen.
Early governing bodies
The first Australian GAA was formed in Auckland, New Zealand, in 1953. Victoria's GAA was formed in 1956, followed by New South Wales. This was followed in 1963 by the formation of a South Australian association and associations in Western Australia and Queensland soon after.
The first interstate championships in both codes were played between NSW, Victoria and South Australia in 1971.
In Sydney in 1974 representatives of state associations met and agreed to form the Gaelic Athletic Association of Australia to administer and promote Gaelic football and hurling on a national level. Subsequently, the Gaelic Athletic Association of Australia joined with the New Zealand associations of Auckland and Wellington to form the Gaelic Athletic Association of Australasia.
The last few years have been a time of expansion in the Association. New initiatives and developments, combined with GAA funding, have seen the number of teams competing in Gaelic football more than double.. The current Australasian secretary is Gerard Roe.
Australasian championships
The Australasian Championships, commonly referred to as the Australasian Games, are a week-long tournament staged annually in September/October each year and hosted by one of the member state associations. Tournaments now feature all codes, with hurling played for the first time as part of a championship held in New Zealand in Wellington in 2015, and camogie added full-time in 2012. In most circumstances there is only one side per state per code, but when numbers are low in a code (typically hurling) or in the number of states entered (usually when the tournament is in Western Australia or New Zealand) exceptions to this are made.
The tournament format in each code varies year-to-year depending on the number of entries, but generally involves either a round-robin or pool play format with either two semi-finals or one semi-final with the top qualifier progressing directly to the final. A final is played in each code to determine the champion for the year.
Each association is permitted to name a panel of 22 players in each code for the championships, with unlimited interchange rather than the more traditional substitution rule used for each match. In recent years a 'Visa' rule has been introduced to encourage states to develop their own players. This rule limits the number of players any state may select in any code who are not either Australians or New Zealanders, or have obtained residency in either country.
Hurling
The current Australasian champions are Victoria, who defeated Queensland by 2-11 to 0-12 in Brisbane after losing each of the three previous finals.
Previous years winners included:
2015 NSW def Victoria
2014 Western Australia def Victoria
2013 Western Australia def Victoria
Men's Gaelic football
The current Australasian champions are New South Wales, who defended the title they regained in Wellington in 2015 by defeating Victoria 1-07 to 1-05 in Brisbane.
Previous years winners included:
2015 NSW def Queensland
2014 Victoria def Western Australia
2013 NSW def Wellington
Minor Gaelic football
Victoria, long the dominant force of minor Gaelic Football in Australia, regained the title in 2016 when their Blue side defeated their White team 4-09 to 3-10. South Australia had won the title in 2015, when the minor championships were played in Adelaide rather than in Wellington. 2018 was Victoria White first win in the minor Gaelic football in Australia history defeated Victoria Blue by one point.
Previous years winners include:
2018 Victoria White def Victoria Blue
2015 South Australia Red def Victoria Blue
2014 Victoria def South Australia
2013 Victoria def Western
Ladies' Gaelic football
In Ladies' Gaelic football, New South Wales won the 2016 title defeating Queensland 1-12 to 3-05 in the final, running their winning streak to four successive titles.
Previous years winners included:
2015 NSW def Western Australia
2014 NSW def Queensland
2013 NSW def Queensland
Camogie
Camogie was added to the Championships full-time in 2013 after being played as an exhibition for several years prior. New South Wales are the current champions, beating Victoria by 0-13 to 1-08.
Previous years winners include:
2015 NSW def Queensland
2014 Queensland def NSW
2013 NSW def Queensland
International honours
The Australasia Ladies' football team have won three Women's World Cup competitions (the tournament does not include Irish sides) in 2000, 2002 and 2005.
See also
Gaelic Athletic Association
Organisation of sport in Australia
Sport in New Zealand
References
External links
1974 establishments in Australia
Irish-Australian culture
Irish-New Zealand culture
Sports organizations established in 1974
The Pentagon (Пентагон) home computer was a clone of the British-made Sinclair ZX Spectrum 128.
It was manufactured by amateurs in the former Soviet Union, following freely distributable documentation. Its PCB was copied all over the ex-USSR in 1991-1996, which made it a widespread ZX Spectrum clone.
The name "Pentagon" derives from the shape of the original PCB (Pentagon 48), with a diagonal cut in one of the corners.
Many simple devices (upgrades) were invented to connect to the Pentagon with some soldering.
Versions
Pentagon 48K (1989 by Vladimir Drozdov)
Pentagon 128K (1991)
Pentagon 128K 2+ (1991 by ATM)
Pentagon 128K 3+ (1993 by Solon)
Pentagon 1024SL v1.x (2005 by Alex Zhabin)
Pentagon-1024SL v2.x (2006 by Alex Zhabin)
Pentagon ver.2.666 (2009 by Alex Zhabin)
The Pentagon 1024SL v2.3 included most of the upgrades of the standard Spectrum architecture, including 1024 KB RAM, Beta 128 Disk Interface and ZX-BUS slots (especially for IDE and General Sound cards). This model also featured a "turbo" mode (7 MHz instead of the original's 3.50 MHz).
Upgrades from the original ZX Spectrum
Extra RAM ranging from 256 KB to 4 MB
Several sound card possibilities such as Covox (usually named as SounDrive) or DMA UltraSound
Additional video modes: 512x192 monochrome, 384x304, 256x192x15 (with no Attribute clash)
CMOS with persistent real-time clock
IDE Controller for hard drives
"Turbo Mode" that clocks the CPU up to 7 MHz
References
External links
Russian most popular Spectrum models
Pentagon 1024 official site
Schematic diagram of the Pentagon 48K and drive controller (DjVu)
128K Schematic diagram of the Pentagon (the DjVu)
Schematic and wiring diagrams Pentagon 128K 1991, revised and enlarged version (PNG)
Wiring diagram 128K the Pentagon (the PNG)
NEW English FaceBook Group
ZX Spectrum clones
Computer-related introductions in 1989
1989 establishments in the Soviet Union
Soviet computer systems
Deh Sheykh () is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 603, in 169 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The volt (symbol: V) is the unit of electric potential, electric potential difference (voltage), and electromotive force in the International System of Units (SI). It is named after the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta (1745–1827).
Definition
One volt is defined as the electric potential between two points of a conducting wire when an electric current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power between those points. Equivalently, it is the potential difference between two points that will impart one joule of energy per coulomb of charge that passes through it. It can be expressed in terms of SI base units (m, kg, s, and A) as
It can also be expressed as amperes times ohms (current times resistance, Ohm's law), webers per second (magnetic flux per time), watts per ampere (power per current), or joules per coulomb (energy per charge), which is also equivalent to electronvolts per elementary charge:
Josephson junction definition
Historically, the "conventional" volt, V90, defined in 1987 by the 18th General Conference on Weights and Measures and in use from 1990 to 2019, was implemented using the Josephson effect for exact frequency-to-voltage conversion, combined with the caesium frequency standard.
For the Josephson constant, KJ = 2e/h (where e is the elementary charge and h is the Planck constant), a "conventional" value KJ-90 = 0.4835979 GHz/μV was used for the purpose of defining the volt. As a consequence of the 2019 redefinition of SI base units, as of 2019 the Josephson constant has an exact value of = , which replaced the conventional value KJ-90.
This standard is typically realized using a series-connected array of several thousand or tens of thousands of junctions, excited by microwave signals between 10 and 80 GHz (depending on the array design). Empirically, several experiments have shown that the method is independent of device design, material, measurement setup, etc., and no correction terms are required in a practical implementation.
Water-flow analogy
In the water-flow analogy, sometimes used to explain electric circuits by comparing them with water-filled pipes, voltage (difference in electric potential) is likened to difference in water pressure, while current is proportional to the amount of water flowing. A resistor would be a reduced diameter somewhere in the piping or something akin to a radiator offering resistance to flow. Perhaps a capacitor could be likened to a U bend where a higher water level can store energy and build up a head of pressure.
Perhaps an inductor could be likened to a fly wheel apparatus.
The relationship between voltage and current is defined (in ohmic devices like resistors) by Ohm's law. Ohm's Law is analogous to the Hagen–Poiseuille equation, as both are linear models relating flux and potential in their respective systems.
Common voltages
The voltage produced by each electrochemical cell in a battery is determined by the chemistry of that cell (see ). Cells can be combined in series for multiples of that voltage, or additional circuitry added to adjust the voltage to a different level. Mechanical generators can usually be constructed to any voltage in a range of feasibility.
Nominal voltages of familiar sources:
Nerve cell resting potential: ~75 mV
Single-cell, rechargeable NiMH or NiCd battery: 1.2 V
Single-cell, non-rechargeable (e.g., AAA, AA, C and D cells): alkaline battery: 1.5 V; zinc–carbon battery: 1.56 V if fresh and unused
LiFePO4 rechargeable battery: 3.3 V
Cobalt-based lithium polymer rechargeable battery: 3.75 V (see Comparison of commercial battery types)
Transistor-transistor logic/CMOS (TTL) power supply: 5 V
USB: 5 V DC
PP3 battery: 9 V
Automobile battery systems are 2.1 volts per cell; a "12 V" battery is 6 cells, or 12.6 V; a "24 V" battery is 12 cells, or 25.2 V. Some antique vehicles use "6 V" 3-cell batteries, or 6.3 volts.
Household mains electricity AC: (see List of countries with mains power plugs, voltages and frequencies)
100 V in Japan,
120 V in North America,
230 V in Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia
Rapid transit third rail: 600–750 V (see List of railway electrification systems)
High-speed train overhead power lines: 25 kV at 50 Hz, but see the List of railway electrification systems and 25 kV at 60 Hz for exceptions.
High-voltage electric power transmission lines: 110 kV and up (1.15 MV is the record; the highest active voltage is 1.10 MV)
Lightning: a maximum of around 150 MV.
History
In 1800, as the result of a professional disagreement over the galvanic response advocated by Luigi Galvani, Alessandro Volta developed the so-called voltaic pile, a forerunner of the battery, which produced a steady electric current. Volta had determined that the most effective pair of dissimilar metals to produce electricity was zinc and silver. In 1861, Latimer Clark and Sir Charles Bright coined the name "volt" for the unit of resistance. By 1873, the British Association for the Advancement of Science had defined the volt, ohm, and farad. In 1881, the International Electrical Congress, now the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), approved the volt as the unit for electromotive force. They made the volt equal to 108 cgs units of voltage, the cgs system at the time being the customary system of units in science. They chose such a ratio because the cgs unit of voltage is inconveniently small and one volt in this definition is approximately the emf of a Daniell cell, the standard source of voltage in the telegraph systems of the day. At that time, the volt was defined as the potential difference [i.e., what is nowadays called the "voltage (difference)"] across a conductor when a current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power.
The "international volt" was defined in 1893 as 1/1.434 of the emf of a Clark cell. This definition was abandoned in 1908 in favor of a definition based on the international ohm and international ampere until the entire set of "reproducible units" was abandoned in 1948.
A redefinition of SI base units, including defining the value of the elementary charge, took effect on 20 May 2019.
See also
Orders of magnitude (voltage)
Rail traction voltage
SI electromagnetism units
SI prefixes for unit prefixes
Standardised railway voltages
Voltmeter
References
External links
History of the electrical units.
SI derived units
Units of electrical potential
Alessandro Volta
Kalleri is a village area in Vatakara taluk, north of Kozhikode, Kerala, India. Kalleri is located at Vatakara Thanneerpanthal route, 8 km from Vatakara, near Villiappaly. The land of Kalleri is encircled by Kallerikunnu to the west and Aroora mala (mountain) to the east. The famous Kalleri Kuttichathan Temple which is visited by thousands of devotees every week is in Kalleri. There is a canal at Kalleri, which is a part of Mahi canal.
Buildings and structures in Kozhikode district
The Osnabrück mortar attack was an improvised mortar attack carried out by a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) unit based in mainland Europe on 28 June 1996 against the British Army's Quebec Barracks at Osnabrück Garrison near Osnabrück, Germany.
Background
The main participants in the Troubles, in particular the British Government and the IRA, had accepted by the early 1990s that they could not resolve the conflict by force. The IRA believed that greater progress towards republican objectives might be achieved by negotiation. In this context, the IRA declared a "permanent cessation" of hostilities on 31 August 1994.
The IRA called off this ceasefire on 9 February 1996 because of the exclusion of Sinn Féin from the peace talks. They ended the truce by detonating a truck bomb at Canary Wharf in London, which caused serious damage to property and, despite advance warning from the IRA, the deaths of two civilians. In early June 1996, another truck bomb devastated Manchester city centre.
The Provisional IRA activities of 1996–1997 were used to gain leverage in negotiations with the British government during the period.
The attack
The attack took place at 18:50, local time, when three Mark 15 mortar bombs were launched from an open Ford Transit van. The devices contained more than 180 lb (81.64 kg) of explosive in each projectile. The van had been modified by a former British Army engineer, Michael Dickson, who built the launch platform and aimed the tubes towards the barracks. The tubes were screwed to the floor of the van and masked with tarpaulins. Two of the bombs fell short of the perimeter fence and failed to explode, but the third went off 20 yards (18.3 mt) inside the base, leaving a crater near a petrol pump. No fire was ignited, but several buildings, cars and armoured vehicles were damaged by the blast. The destruction was described as 'substantial'. There were 150 soldiers inside the facilities at the time, but none were injured. An explosive charge was left in the vehicle with the intention of destroying forensic evidence, but the intact van's plates allowed it to be traced to Yorkshire.
The IRA unit was composed of five members, two of them women, who had rented a holiday home in northern Germany where they built the mortar launchers. Dickson later claimed at his trial that he had no experience in handling explosives during his career in the British Army's Royal Engineers. Dickson had served in several British bases in Germany, but never in Northern Ireland. Róisín McAliskey (daughter of republican activist Bernadette Devlin McAliskey) and Jimmy Corrie were also suspected of being members of the cell. The primary aim of the IRA with these events was reportedly to establish a permanent presence in mainland Europe.
Aftermath
John Major, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, said that the assault showed how the IRA and Sinn Féin were isolating themselves from the peace process. John Bruton, Taoiseach of Ireland, described the IRA strategy as "utterly pointless".
Whereas in 1994–95, the British Conservative Party government had refused to enter public talks with Sinn Féin until the IRA had given up its weapons, the Labour Party government in power by 1997 was prepared to include Sinn Féin in peace talks before IRA decommissioning. This precondition was officially dropped in June 1997.
Michael Dickson was arrested in December 2002 on an international arrest warrant relating to the 1996 mortar attack whilst he was driving a lorry-load of contraband cigarettes and tobacco at Ruzyne Airport in the Czech Republic. He was extradited to Germany and sentenced to six and a half years for attempted murder and setting off an explosion. He served his sentence in Celle maximum security prison in Germany, and was released after serving 27 months of his sentence. Róisin McAliskey battled successfully against the extradition warrant issued by Germany.
See also
1985 Newry mortar attack
1994 British Army Lynx shootdown
Barrack buster
Chronology of Provisional Irish Republican Army actions (1990–1999)
Downing Street mortar attack
References
20th-century history of the British Army
20th century in Lower Saxony
1996 crimes in Germany
1996 in military history
Attacks on buildings and structures in Germany
Attacks on military installations in the 1990s
Battles and conflicts without fatalities
British forces in Germany
Conflicts in 1996
Crime in Lower Saxony
Explosions in 1996
Improvised explosive device bombings in Germany
June 1996 events in Europe
Military actions and engagements during the Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Osnabrück
Provisional Irish Republican Army actions
Provisional Irish Republican Army actions in continental Europe
Terrorist incidents in Germany
If We Dream Too Long is a novel written by Singaporean writer Goh Poh Seng. This debut novel was completed in 1968 though it was first published in 1972 by Singapore's Island Press, a press formed by Goh to self-publish his first novel. It was republished by Heinemann in 1994 under the Writing in Asia Series and NUS Press in 2010 under the Ridge Books imprint. The book won the National Book Development Council of Singapore's Fiction Book Award in 1976. It is often hailed as the first true Singaporean novel.
Plot summary
The book follows the life of Kwang Meng, a young 18-year-old who has just graduated from junior college. He currently works as a clerk, a job which he hates and finds monotonous. Two of his junior college friends, Hock Lai and Nadarajah (the latter nicknamed Portia), follow different career paths in their diverging lives. Hock Lai becomes a white-collared worker, determined to climb the corporate ladder, while Portia intends to further his studies in the UK. Kwang Meng meets and strikes up a relationship with a local bar girl, Lucy, at Paradise Bar. Unfortunately, owing to their very different social backgrounds, the couple break up (initiated by Lucy).
Hock Lai tries to matchmake Kwang Meng with one of his female acquaintances Anne. Kwang Meng meets Boon Teik and Mei-I, neighbours who are both teachers, and whom Kwang Meng finds an ideal couple. Hock Lai himself gets married with Cecilia, whose father is one of the richest tycoons of Singapore. Throughout all this, Kwang Meng comes across as a rather passive figure, preferring merely to observe and seek solace through activities like swimming in the sea, smoking and drinking in bars. At the novel's end, Kwang Meng's father suffers a stroke, which destined him to take up the burden of supporting his family.
Reception
If We Dream Too Long encountered a lukewarm reception on its publication in 1972. In Goh's own words, "the local press was unenthusiastic and the university was not supportive". The Straits Time reviewer Cheah Boon Kheng complained that "the style is loose and inelegant, the prose putrid and flat, the jokes puerile and the dialogue chitty chitty bang bang." Elsewhere Dream received a more cordial reception – it was translated into Russian in 1975 and into Tagalog thereafter. In time it came to be appreciated by academics and younger readers who responded enthusiastically when Goh revisited Singapore to discuss the novel.
In 2015, The Business Times selected If We Dream Too Long as one of the Top 10 English Singapore books from 1965–2015, alongside titles by Arthur Yap and Daren Shiau. In the same year, The Straits Times Akshita Nanda selected If We Dream Too Long as one of 10 classic Singapore novels. "Widely considered the first true Singaporean novel," she wrote, "it should be enjoyed for the lightness of its prose and the wit and insight of the author.
In 2016, the novel was adapted into an interactive dinner theater event by pop-up events company AndSoForth and the National Arts Council.
References
1972 novels
Singaporean novels
Novels set in Singapore
Magdalene Kreßner (3 October 1899 - 18 May 1975) was a German sculptor. She is known, in particular, for her mural reliefs.
Life
Magdalene "Ebbi" Kreßner was born in Schweizerthal near Chemnitz. As a child she was initially sent to a boarding school, but she hated it. Eventually her parents were persuaded to send her to the "Alte Kunstschule Richter" (Art School) in Dresden where her love of art was awakened. She became determined to become a painter (and at the same time to avoid getting "side-tracked into sculpture"). Between 1921 and 1927 she studied with Wilhelm Gerstel at the Berlin-Charlottenburg Arts Academy (as it was known at that time). She then switched to the Academy of Fine Arts in Dresden where between 1927 and 1930 she was a "Meisterschülerin" (loosely, "master student") of Karl Albiker.
Magdalene Kreßner supported herself as a freelance artist in Dresden between 1930 and 1945. On 13 February 1945 her studio was destroyed in the firestorm and bombing inflicted on the central part of the city by the English and the Americans. She also lost her home. Following the destruction she ended at Oberlößnitz which by this time had been subsumed - formally in 1934 - into Radebeul, a short distance down-river from Dresden, where she made her home at Eduard-Bilz-Straße 42, and where she lived for the rest of her life, in a home that was large enough to incorporate the little studio in which she now worked.
Because her early work was destroyed in the bombing, Magdalene Kreßner is chiefly known for the work she produced between 1945 and 1975. During this time the central portion of Germany, including Dresden and the surrounding region, was administered as the Soviet occupation zone, relaunched in October 1949 as the Soviet sponsored German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The mural reliefs on public buildings for which she would be remembered reflect the style associated with East German public art. Many have themes drawn from classical mythology or from the Christian bible. Among her better known works is the oak crucifixion group produced during 1955/56 for the "Luther Cemetery" at Radebeul. In the judgement of one commentator, it combines content and form with subtle empathy. Other important works include "Drei Generationen" ("Three generations - 1967"). which is currently part of the Dresden State Art Collection.
Kreßner also produced illustrations for various children's books and, notably, for an early edition of Thomas Mann's vast four-part novel, Joseph and His Brothers.
Works (selection)
Notes
References
People from Radebeul
People from Dresden
German women sculptors
20th-century German sculptors
1899 births
1975 deaths
20th-century German women
Krzemień Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) Ground X-Vehicle Technology (GXV-T) project is an effort to develop technologies and designs to create lighter future armored military vehicles.
Background
Since the creation of the main battle tank during Cold War, there has been a constant arms race between the development of anti-armor weapons and vehicle protection systems. As weapons became more sophisticated, tanks and other armored vehicles added thicker armor, created composite solutions like Chobham armor, and developed countermeasures like reactive armor and electronic countermeasures. While vehicles became more protected, increasing the amounts of armor made them larger and heavier, more expensive and less mobile; the British Challenger 2 tank weighs 62.5 tonnes (68.9 tons) and costs about £4.2 million (US$7 million). This limits the roads and bridges they can use, makes them difficult to deploy quickly, and increases the expense to build and maintain them. As anti-tank weapons continue to get more effective, simply increasing the level of armor may require future armored vehicles to grow beyond usefulness.
GXV-T seeks to develop ways to protect vehicles and their occupants using mobility rather than relying on armor for survival. The U.S. Army explored a similar survivability-through-mobility concept with the Future Combat Systems program that aimed to create 18 separate combat vehicles tied to a network. The program was ultimately cancelled, partly because of experiences during combat in Iraq and Afghanistan where improvised explosive devices proved deadly to lightly armored vehicles. GXV-T is not to create a large family of systems, but to further explore the concept with smaller and simpler prototypes.
Objectives
DARPA is not looking to replace any single vehicle or vehicle family through GXV-T, but to identify ways to break the "more armor" paradigm that has been the cornerstone of mechanized vehicle protection for the past century. Weapons' ability to penetrate armor has advanced faster than armor's ability to withstand penetration, so even incremental improvements in crew survivability require significant increases in vehicle mass and cost. The GXV-T program seeks to investigate revolutionary ground-vehicle technologies to simultaneously improve mobility and survivability through means other than adding more armor, including avoiding detection, engagement, and hits by autonomously avoiding inbound threats. The hope is to make next-generation armored vehicles smaller, faster, and more maneuverable than current vehicles. Inspiration for the effort came from X-plane programs, which have improved aircraft capabilities by pursuing groundbreaking fundamental research and development.
Technical goals for improvement over current vehicles are to:
Reduce vehicle size and weight by 50 percent
Reduce crewman needs by 50 percent
Increase vehicle speed by 100 percent
Accesses 95 percent of terrain
Reduce signatures that would be detectable by enemies
Four technical areas as examples where advanced technologies could be developed to meet program objectives are:
Radically Enhanced Mobility – Ability to traverse diverse off-road terrain, including slopes, various elevations, and a range of surfaces and gradients; advanced suspensions and redefined track or wheel configurations; extreme speed; rapid omnidirectional movement changes in three dimensions
Survivability through Agility – Autonomously avoid incoming threats without harming occupants through technologies such as agile motion (dodging) and active repositioning of armor
Crew Augmentation – Improved physical and electronically assisted situational awareness for crew and passengers; semi-autonomous driver assistance and automation of key crew functions
Signature Management – Reduction of detectable signatures, including visible, infrared (IR), acoustic, and electromagnetic (EM)
Initial contracts are scheduled to be awarded by April 2015 to develop technologies over the next 24 months. Research, development, design and testing, and evaluation of subsystem capabilities in multiple areas will then be integrated into future ground X-vehicle demonstrators, which may be built by April 2017.
Designs
In May 2014, three months before DARPA started the GXV-T program, the Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center (TARDEC), which provides the technological backbone for all Army and U.S. Marine Corps ground vehicles, issued a report called "GXV Operational Vignettes" which included two dozen pages of sketches of next-generation ground combat vehicle designs. TARDEC confirmed in September 2014 that the drawings were part of the Army's contribution to the DARPA effort. TARDEC's advanced concepts team offered views of a possible GXV design with features including: a swiveling turret that can "sense" an enemy sniper; being small enough to store eight vehicles in one C-17 Globemaster III and light enough to be airdropped, while transporting up to 96 troops on four independent tracks that can maneuver like wheels to traverse uneven terrain and move through urban environments; and deflecting incoming ordnance with "movable armor" and stopping a rocket-propelled grenade in midair using an unnamed weapons system. DARPA-generated concept art shows a vehicle with large wheels instead of tracks. Due to the early stages of various concepts, it is unknown what vehicles (if any) the GXV might replace, when it would reach early production stages, or even whether the designs will resemble the final product.
DARPA released a concept video on 8 October 2014 showing how the GXV could improve situational awareness. Armored vehicles have lower situational awareness than other types of vehicles, so the agency's solution is to have wide-angle cockpits like a jet fighter. The concept would provide the driver with a closed cockpit that incorporates visualization technologies to provide wide-angle, high-definition visibility of the outside environment. The video showed the display as able to highlight optimal routes over difficult terrain, show both infrared and terrain classification views, and visually track allies and adversaries. It also includes autopilot abilities, allowing the driver to focus on strategic activities and decisions.
On 8 September 2015, QinetiQ announced DARPA had awarded it a $1.5 million contract to develop an electric hub-drive to improve survivability and mobility for the GXV-T. The hub-drive seeks to improve mobility through enhanced power, torque, integral braking, and high efficiency in a unit that can be contained within a wheel rim. It will be designed without drive shafts and gearboxes, enhancing survivability should an underbody blast hit the vehicle and lightening weight to allow for fully independent suspension with significantly increased travel. QinetiQ's hub-drive aims to combine optimum performance with significant weight savings and give greater architectural flexibility to create alternative layout configurations. On 11 February 2016, Honeywell announced it had signed an agreement with DARPA to provide the GXV-T program with a virtual reality instrument panel that replaces glass windows with display technology. The virtual window technology provides a 360-degree view outside the vehicle rather than relying on looking through windows alone.
In April 2016, DARPA revealed they had awarded contracts to eight companies to develop GXV-T technologies: Carnegie Mellon University; Honeywell International Inc.; Leidos; Pratt & Miller; QinetiQ Inc.; Raytheon BBN; Southwest Research Institute; and SRI International.
In June 2018, DARPA leaders demonstrated a number of new technologies that were developed within the framework of the GXV-T program. The goal of this program is to create a lightly armored combat vehicle of not very large dimensions, which, due to maneuverability and other tricks, can successfully resist modern anti-tank weapon systems.
See also
Future Combat Systems
Ultra Light Combat Vehicle
References
External links
DARPA article
Protection through agility article and video
|galleriespic GXV vehicle concepts photo gallery
Solicitation with link to slides
DARPA projects
Jean Risbec (born 1895, died 1964) was a French zoologist who specialised in studying the insects and molluscs of New Caledonia, as well as being a taxonomist of the parasitic Hymenoptera.
Early years
Little is recorded about Risbec's early life but from 1921 to 1928 he was a teacher of Mathematics at the Lycée Lapeyrouse in Nouméa where he carried out studies of Nudibranchs in his spare time. As a result of these studies he was awarded a doctorate from the Sorbonne in Paris in 1928. One of his lesser known works was a short travel memoir which he wrote on the ship returning him to France from New Caledonia to collect his doctorate in 1928 Impressions de Nouvelle-Calédonie which was published in Bulletin de l'Agence Générale Coloniale Melun volume 21 on pages 399-479. This book captures the colonial life in Nouméa at a time before there were even sewers and roads and most travel was conducted on horseback.
Career
He returned to New Caledonia as an agricultural entomologist and was resident in Nouméa until the mid 1930s, continuing to study the anatomy and biology of coastal molluscs and publishing over 30 papers. It was during this time that Risbec's first wife was killed in a horse riding accident in the New Hebrides. He soon left New Caledonia and despite his desire to return he was given an appointment in French Sudan and Senegal in 1937, remarrying in 1939. He never returned to New Caledonia. In Africa he studied the parasitic insects of crops and their parasites, especially the Chalcidoidea, returning to France in 1950. From 1950-1958 he published a total of 21 articles and books on the Hymenoptera of French West Africa and Madagascar, including the 500 pages of La faune entomologique des cultures au Sénégal et au Soudan français published by the Gouvernement général de l'A.O.F. in Dakar in 1950. Due to disagreements over taxonomy with another agricultural entomologist, Jean Ghesquière, this book could not be published in France and Risbec had to arrange publication in Africa. In total Risbec published over 60 articles and books. After his return to France in 1950 he was posted to London until 1960.
Awards and honors
A number of species have been named in his honour including the nudibranch Rostanga risbeci as well as a number of other molluscs and insects. Unfortunately efforts to use the name Risbecia for a genus of nudibranchs and a genus of Hymenoptera fell foul of the ICZN Rules and are regarded as junior homonyms.
Death
He died in 1964 of a pulmonary oedema.
References
Hymenopterists
20th-century French zoologists
French malacologists
French entomologists
1895 births
1964 deaths
"Darkness" is the fourth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe, and is the first part of a two-part story. The episode originally aired on October 16, 2009 on Syfy in the United States, followed by being aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on October 20. The episode was directed by Peter DeLuise, who had previously directed episodes of both Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis. However, he had not worked on the Stargate franchise for the previous two years. The episode was written by Brad Wright who co-wrote the pilot episode.
In the episode, the crew have to deal with a loss of power, which deactivates every system except for life support and basic emergency lighting in a few sections. The episode was watched by nearly 2.1 million viewers. Most of the episode was shot on-set at The Bridge Studios, with a few scenes shot off-set for Young's visit with his wife.
Plot
As everyone settles in aboard the Destiny, Colonel Young (Louis Ferreira) begins arranging meetings with the crew to work on various supply issues, and to give everyone something to do. Interspersed throughout the episode, Eli Wallace (David Blue) uses a Kino to record short video messages from the crew in case they don't survive.
Meanwhile, Nicholas Rush (Robert Carlyle) is busy trying to keep the ship running, while sleep deprivation combined with nicotine and caffeine withdrawal make him increasingly short-tempered. Young tries to have someone assist Rush to get an idea of what Rush is doing, but Rush angrily dismisses help. As Young comes in to check himself, Destiny shuts down, leaving only life support systems active. An increasingly frantic Rush explains that Young's attempt to dial back to Earth in "Air" and the crew's haphazard attempts to access the ship's systems drained most of the ship's already low power reserves, and that power cannot be restored. He eventually suffers a nervous breakdown and collapses.
Young uses the communication stones to contact Earth while everyone else works on the problem. David Telford (Lou Diamond Phillips) switches places with him, and is dismayed at Young's apparent mishandling of the situation, seeking to have him replaced. Young returns after speaking with his wife, cutting Telford off in the middle of an attempt to relieve Young of duty.
The crew then learn that the ship dropped out of faster-than-light travel just outside a system with several potentially habitable planets, and has plotted a course that will use a nearby gas giant to slingshot itself deeper into the system. The episode ends with Rush's and Lieutenant Scott's (Brian J. Smith) realization that the Destiny is on course to fly into the star.
Production
The episode was originally titled "Fire" and was a single stand alone episode, however producers decided to make it into a two-part episode as the original story took it 20 minutes over the episodes time frame. The episode was shot at both The Bridge Studios on stages 2 and 4 (Destiny set), whilst the Earth scenes were shot out of studio and feature Ona Grauer as Emily Young, Everett Young's wife.
Reception
"Darkness" gathered a total of 2.099 million live viewers, making it the second most-watched program on Syfy, behind Ghost Hunters. The episode dropped 14% from previous episode, "Air (Part 3)". On Sky1 in the United Kingdom the episode was watched by 635 thousand viewers in total.
Rob Vaux of Mania.com reacted negatively towards the episode, saying "Universe emphasizes the struggle to survive out in the depths of space, but ship breakdowns and unexpected course corrections into the heart of a sun are already wearing out their welcome". Carl England of Den of Geek was far more positive, praising the visual effects and writing his desire to see the conclusion; "I am highly impressed with this week's installment, and am impatiently awaiting the arrival of episode five, which should, hopefully, prove to be as remarkable as this week's, if not more so". IGN's Ramsey Isler said the series started to feel like "crisis of the week show that oftentimes lacks any real sense of urgency". Negative towards writing of the episode, Isler said "This could have possibly been a chance to inject a little horror-style storytelling into the series, but instead we get nothing more than constant bickering mixed with some very depressed characters and slow pacing". The episode was given 7.4 out of 10. Jane Boursaw from TV Squad was positive towards the episode, saying it reminded her of the now canceled American science fiction series, Firefly.
References
External links
Darkness at mgm.com
"Darkness" at Stargate wikia
2009 American television episodes
Stargate Universe episodes
Bishop Melvin G. Talbert is a retired bishop in The United Methodist Church (UMC), the second largest Protestant denomination in the United States.
Biography
Born in Clinton, Louisiana, Talbert was one of seven children of sharecropper parents, Florence George and Nettles. He was married to Ethelou Douglas for thirty-eight years prior to her death in February 1999. Talbert has one daughter, Evangeline Violet, married to James H. Sifford, Sr. They have three children: Kaetlin, James, Jr. and Melvin Douglas. Talbert married Marilyn W. Magee April 1, 2000.
After attending public schools and working various jobs, Melvin received a BA degree from Southern University, Baton Rouge, LA, and an M.Div. degree from Interdenominational Theological Center (ITC)/Gammon Theological Seminary, Atlanta, GA. While at ITC, Talbert became President of the student body during his middler year, while serving a two-point charge in Tennessee. He was ordained Deacon by Bishop Willis J. King, Jr., and was ordained Elder by Bishop Gerald H. Kennedy. After serving as interim at St. John's (Watts), Associate at Wesley, Los Angeles, and Pastor at Hamilton, Los Angeles, Melvin was named Associate Council Director, Southern California-Arizona Conference. One year later, he was appointed District Superintendent for the Long Beach District. In 1973, Melvin was elected General Secretary for the General Board of Discipleship, Nashville, where he served until he was elected to the episcopacy in 1980 and was assigned to the Seattle Area. He was assigned to the San Francisco Area in 1988, where he retired August 31, 2000.
Talbert was visiting professor of Evangelism at Claremont School of Theology, 1978. He was a delegate to General Conference from 1968–80, and was a member of the Social Principles Commission, 1968–72. He is a trustee and Chair of the Board at Gammon, and at various times served as trustee at University of Puget Sound, Claremont School of Theology, and Pacific School of Religion. His civil rights protest experiences impacted his life profoundly, and he takes pride in having spent three days and nights in jail with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He is a sports enthusiast, loves camping, a hacker golfer, and plays a little guitar.
Melvin was a member of the General Council on Ministries, and was Chair of its Missional Priority Coordinating Committee 1976–84; a member of the General Commission on Religion and Race, 1980–88, and served as its President 1983–88; and a member of the General Commission on Christian Unity and Interreligious Concerns 1988-96 and 2000–04. He was a director of the National Council of Churches (NCCCUSA) from mid 1970s August 2004, and served as its President 1996–97. He was a member of the World Methodist Council Executive Committee, and the World Council of Churches Central Committee (its Executive Committee and Finance Committee). He was honored as a Distinguished Alumnus of his seminary in 1990. He was Secretary for the Council of Bishops (COB) for two quadrennia 1988-92 and 1992–96, during which time he carried the title Head of Communion. Talbert was one of forty Presidential Guests to accompany US President Bill Clinton on his peace pilgrimage to Northern Ireland and Ireland December 1995, and has visited the White House on several occasions representing the NCCCUSA and the Council of Bishops. Talbert was Ecumenical Officer for the Council of Bishops 2000–04, and served as Interim Executive Director of Black Methodists for Church Renewal, Inc.
Activism
Talbert officiated at the union of two United Methodist men, Joe Openshaw and Bobby Prince, on October 25, 2013, near Birmingham, Alabama.
See also
List of bishops of the United Methodist Church
References
External links
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/03/13/bishop-melvin-g-talbert-gay-wedding_n_4959934.html
1934 births
Living people
American United Methodist bishops
21st-century Methodist ministers
20th-century Methodist ministers
People from Clinton, Louisiana
20th-century American clergy
21st-century American clergy
"Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" is a song from the film La La Land (2016). The music of the song was composed by Justin Hurwitz while the lyrics were provided by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul. In the film, the song is performed by Emma Stone. It received a nomination for Best Original Song at the 89th Academy Awards.
Inspiration
Justin Hurwitz, the composer of the song, discussed the inspiration of the song:
Accolades
Chart performance
See also
Another Day of Sun
City of Stars
References
2016 songs
2010s ballads
Pop ballads
Songs written by Justin Paul (songwriter)
Songs written by Benj Pasek
Songs written for films
Songs with music by Justin Hurwitz
Songs from La La Land
The Zambia women's national basketball team represents Zambia in international competitions. It is administrated by the Zambia Basketball Association (ZBA).
They joined the 2011 Afrobasket for Women qualification.
See also
Zambia women's national under-19 basketball team
Zambia women's national under-17 basketball team
Zambia women's national 3x3 team
References
External links
Zambia Basketball Association
Zambia Basketball Records at FIBA Archive
Presentation on Facebook
Women's national basketball teams
Albert Huie (31 December 1920 – 31 January 2010) was a Jamaican painter.
Early life and education
Born in Falmouth, Trelawny Parish, Jamaica, Huie moved to Kingston when he was 16 years old; in the 1930s he became part of the "Institute Group" at the Institute of Jamaica, where he received his first formal training with Armenian artist Koren der Harootian. In the early 1940s he worked as an assistant to Edna Manley while she taught at Kingston's Junior Centre. A British Council scholarship was awarded to Huie in 1947. Further study followed, in London at the Camberwell School of Arts and Crafts and in Canada at the Ontario College of Art, before his return to Jamaica.
Career
In 1950 he was one of the founding tutors of the Jamaica School of Art and Crafts. He exhibited around the United States and Jamaica, and later in his career settled in the US. On National Heroes Day in 2009 he was honored by the Jamaican Embassy for his contributions to the Jamaican community in and around Washington, D.C.
As a painter, Huie was best known for his landscape and genre work, though he often painted portraits as well. Some of his pieces expressed sociopolitical and nationalist themes, and many of his early paintings related in some way to manual labor. His painting Miss Mahoghany caused controversy twice in his lifetime, first when it was unveiled in 1960 and again in 2000 when it was featured in Air Jamaica's Skywritings magazine which resulted in its removal. His later paintings showed the influence of post-Impressionism, along with elements of art deco and Mexican mural painting. He usually used oils, but sometimes used acrylics. His paintings hang in the National Gallery of Jamaica, among other collections.
Awards
In 1958 Huie was granted the Institute of Jamaica's Musgrave Silver Medal and in 1974 he was awarded the Musgrave Gold Medal for his work by the Institute of Jamaica. In 1959 he was awarded the international award for painting at the Spanish Bi-Annual exhibition in Havana, Cuba. Huie received the Jamaican Government Award for the Best Painting in the annual National Exhibition in 1962.
Personal life
Huie's granddaughter is artist Lehna Huie. He died on 31 January 2010 in Baltimore, Maryland, aged 89.
References
External links
Biography on Lusher Gallery archive of Jamaican artists
Artnet
1920 births
2010 deaths
People from Trelawny Parish
20th-century Jamaican painters
Artists from Baltimore
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Recipients of the Musgrave Medal
In chemistry, homoconjugation has two unrelated meanings:
In acid–base chemistry, homoconjugation is an alternate name for the phenomenon of homoassociation.
In organic chemistry, homoconjugation is a type of conjugated system where two π-systems are separated by one non-conjugating group. See Conjugated system#Mechanism.
Wow! Thailand (; Thai Thueng Wow Thailand) (lit. Amazing Wow! Thailand), is a Thai travel television show hosted by Chatchawit Techarukpong (Victor), Nachat Juntapun (Nicky), Leo Saussay and Methavee Pichetchaiyuth (Now). It features stories and destinations throughout the 77 provinces across Thailand. Produced by GMMTV, the show premiered in Thailand on 1 July 2018 on GMM25.
Hosts
Current hosts
Chatchawit Techarukpong (Victor)
Nachat Juntapun (Nicky)
Leo Saussay
Methavee Pichetchaiyuth (Now)
Former hosts
Note Chern-yim
Jetrin Wattanasin (J Jetrin)
Pimlada Chaiprichawit (Prae)
Rungtham Pumseenil (Rung)
Padueng Songsang (Jazz Chuanchuen)
Pakk
Chainon Chantem (Off)
References
External links
Wow! Thailand on GMM 25 website
ไทยทึ่ง Wow! Thailand on LINE TV
GMMTV
GMM 25 original programming
Travel television series
Miss Platnum (born Ruth Maria Renner on 27 September 1980), formerly known as Platnum, is a Romanian-German singer, songwriter and musician, currently signed to Virgin Records Germany.
Biography
Early life
Platnum was born in Timișoara, Romania to a Romanian father with German roots and a Romanian mother. At the age of eight her family relocated to West Berlin where she went to school in Berlin-Lichterfelde. Later on she took lessons in singing with Jocelyn B. Smith and worked as a background singer for Moabeat.
Works
After her minorly successful debut album Rock Me which was released on 31 January 2005 on the Berlin-based Indie label Sonar Kollektiv, Platnum released her second album Chefa in May 2007, under her new artist name Miss Platnum. Produced by Die Krauts, it distinguished itself through a mixture of hip-hop, soul, R&B, pop and Romanian Musical elements. Its lead single, "Give Me the Food" reached the top 20 of the Romanian Singles Chart, and debuted at No. 63 on the German Singles Chart.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Lila Wolken (2012)
Hüftgold Berlin (2014)
Singles
References
External links
Miss Platnum at Discogs.com
Four Music artist page (as Miss Platnum)
Sonar Kollektiv artist page (as Platnum)
10 Fragen an Miss Platnum
1980 births
Living people
German soul singers
Romanian emigrants to Germany
English-language singers from Germany
Sonar Kollektiv artists
Participants in the Bundesvision Song Contest
21st-century German women singers
Neoniphon sammara, the sammara squirrelfish, also known as the blood-spot squirrelfish, slender squirrelfish, spotfin squirrelfish, armed squirrel-fish or javelin squirrelfish, is a species squirrelfish found in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean from East Africa to the Hawaiian Islands. It feeds on shrimps and small crabs and fish at night and can grow up to TL in length, though its common length is only TL. Like N. opercularis, it has a venomous spine on its preopercle.
Habitat
N. sammara lives alone or in small groups on seagrass beds and hard substrates in reef flats and lagoons. It can be found at depths between . Of its genus, it is the most likely to be found in shallow waters and it is often associated with Acropora corals, which it will use as shelter during the day.
Commercial use
N. sammara is not a commonly-eaten fish, but is common in the Indian aquarium trade. It can also be used as bait for tuna fisheries.
References
External links
Fishes of Australia : Neoniphon sammara
sammara squirrelfish
Marine fish of Northern Australia
sammara squirrelfish
Taxa named by Peter Forsskål
Kevin Hofbauer is an Australian actor known for his role as Constable Christian Tapu in the Australian police drama series Rush. He is also known for his role in Offspring.
Early life
Hofbauer graduated from Victorian College of Arts and Music (VCAM) in 2009, after attending since 2007.
He joined the ensemble of Red Stitch Actors Theatre in mid-2016.
Filmography
References
External links
Australian male actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Images is an album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded in New York in late 2007 and released on the Sunnyside label.
Reception
In the review on Allmusic, Ken Dryden noted "These 2007 sessions by Kenny Barron are a bit unusual, as he works with several different groups, playing mostly originals". On All About Jazz Mark F. Turner wrote "The Traveler finds Barron once again on the move—a colorful palette of ten tracks with excellent sounds—featuring a new rhythm section and some very special guests. From the start of the title track, Barron's still got the touch—panache, grace, fire, and empathy. The result is a perfect portrait of his repertoire and depth ... fine recording by one of jazz's most respected pianists". In JazzTimes Mike Joyce observed "A rather unlikely group of musicians tag along with Kenny Barron on The Traveler, making the pianist's latest studio excursion all the more colorful and, at times, intriguing".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"The Traveler" – 7:07
"Clouds" (Kenny Barron, Janice Jarrett) – 7:03
"Speed Trap" – 7:38
"Um Beijo" (Barron, Jarrett) – 6:12
"The First Year" (Alex Nguyen) – 6:15
"Illusion" – 6:31
"Duet" (Barron, Lionel Loueke) – 6:19
"Phantoms" (Barron, Jarrett) – 9:14
"Calypso" – 6:40
"Memories of You" (Eubie Blake, Andy Razaf ) – 5:47
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Steve Wilson – soprano saxophone (tracks 1, 3 & 6)
Lionel Loueke – guitar (tracks 7–9)
Kiyoshi Kitagawa – bass (tracks 1–6, 8 & 9)
Francisco Mela – drums (tracks 1–6, 8 & 9)
Ann Hampton Callaway (track 2), Grady Tate (track 4), Gretchen Parlato (track 8) – vocals
References
Kenny Barron albums
2008 albums
Sunnyside Records albums
District 11 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Lane and Linn counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Marty Wilde of Eugene.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Lane County, Oregon
Linn County, Oregon
Chrysoclystis morbosa is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. The habitat consists of forests, including lowland forests, alluvial forests and limestone forests.
References
Moths described in 1926
Eupitheciini
A music stand is a pedestal or elevated rack designed to hold sheets of music in position for reading. Most music stands for orchestral, chamber music or solo orchestra-family instruments (violin, oboe, trumpet, etc.) can be raised or lowered to accommodate seated or standing performers, or performers of different heights. Many types of keyboard instruments have a built-in or removable music rack or stand where sheet music can be placed. Music stands enable musicians to read sheet music or scores while playing an instrument or conducting, as the stand leaves the hands free. For choirs, singers typically hold their music in a folder, and singers performing solo recitals or opera performances typically memorize the lyrics and melodies. Some singers use stands, such as lounge singers and wedding vocalists who have a repertoire of hundreds of songs, which makes remembering all of the verses difficult.
There is evidence of music stands from China as early as 200 BC. They did not appear in Europe until much later, as most musicians played from memory or improvised. In the 16th century, playing music with a group in one's home became popular, and music was printed for amateurs' use. This music was typically laid down on a table or other flat surface in front of the instrumentalists.
Beginning in the 17th century, some amateur musicians used table-top music stands, which were the first kind of music stand in Europe.
A few are still used today.
It is not until the 17th century that floor-standing music stands were developed in the West. Such music stands were common by 1730, at least in France.
Types
There are various types of music stand for different purposes and intended users. Folding stands collapse, which makes them easily portable. Folding stands are typically used by amateur musicians to practice and at rehearsals and performances. Professional musicians are more likely to limit their use of folding stands to rehearsals held outside of normal performance venues (e.g., a chamber music rehearsal at a private home) or small gigs. Non-folding stands tend to be used by professional orchestral musicians and big bands for rehearsals and concerts.
Folding Stands
Lightweight
Folding stands, also known as karate rangers, range from inexpensive, lightweight models made of metal, which are designed to hold a few pages of sheet music or a thin songbook, to stronger, more expensive heavy-duty models. Metal folding stands often have solid wire extensions or metal "arms" which can be folded out to support more than two pages of music or over-size sheets or pages. This is the kind most often used by music students in youth orchestras. When folded, a folding music stand can often fit in an instrument case or backpack. They are a popular stand type for practicing, rehearsals, auditions and even some types of performances. Amateur orchestras and some youth orchestras may ask members to bring folding stands to rehearsals, and sometimes also to performances, as this saves the ensemble the cost of buying or renting, and transporting one or more racks of non-folding stands.
Lightweight stands are not designed to support heavy books of music such as full-size fake books; while the fake book may stay open on the stand, the music stand may fall over. Folding stands consist of a rack for the music and a telescoping cylindrical column for supporting the rack, with screws or other fastening devices to secure the extended columns at the desired height. Folding stands typically have a foldable tripod that supports the column and the music shelf. The rack area for holding the music is either pre-set at a slight incline away from the performer (as compared with being straight up), so that music will lie open naturally, or the degree of incline can be adjusted.
The portability of lightweight music stands can lead to some problems. Heavy fake books or full scores may overload the stand, leading to it falling over when a performer turns a page. Also, when a lightweight stand is used with its column fully extended, as by a standing orchestral timpanist or double bass player, a heavy part may be "tippy" on the over-extended column. Oversized parts, which are used in some contemporary classical music, may be too wide to be supported by the stand; a solution that some musicians use is to use multiple stands for oversize parts. During outdoor performances, such as playing at a wedding, picnic or a bandstand, lightweight stands may be blown over by wind, which can interrupt a performance or even, if the stand strikes an instrument, damage the finish of an instrument.
Heavy duty
Heavy-duty folding models typically use a hollow cylindrical column as the main support and three cylindrical columns arrayed in a tripod to ensure the stand stays upright. Heavy-duty stands can reliably support a thick, several hundred page fake book, song book or a binder full of songs. The height of the column can be raised or lowered to permit the stand to be used for a seated performer (common for most orchestral instruments, except for percussion and sometimes double bass) or a standing performer.
Professional
Professional orchestras, concert bands and big bands typically use heavy-duty stands that do not fold. The stands are typically colored or painted matte black so that they are not distracting. The shelf may be plastic or metal and is supported by a metal column. The shelf sometimes has an accessory ledge at the bottom for pencils, rosin (for string players), and other accessories. They have some type of tripod-style or quadruped-style base, or they have a heavy metal base, often circular. The metal column can be raised or lowered to put the shelf at the desired height. Some shelves have perforations to reduce the weight of the stand, an especially important consideration when a large number of stands need to be moved. To move 50-100 stands for a full orchestra, they are often loaded onto a heavy rack. A moving truck and movers usually deal with them.
Some musicians use professional stands for all of their rehearsals and gigs, even though this may mean making more trips to load their gear into the hall. They are more stable than folding stands, they are less likely to fall over outdoors, and they look more professional.
Conducting Stands
Very large, heavy-duty stands are available for conductors of orchestras, concert bands, choirs and big bands to hold their heavy, over-sized scores of music. These stands are typically not designed to be easily transportable, and they are usually intended for installation in a rehearsal hall or concert hall. A conductor's stand has to be able to be angled much flatter than an instrumentalist's stand, because the conductor reads from a large full-score, which contains the parts for all of the instruments. For some symphonies, the score can be both thick and heavy; to ensure that the stand is stable, a conducting stand needs to have a heavy, wide base and a sturdy platform for the score, called a desk. As with professional stands, some conducting stands have a narrow ledge at the bottom and some also have a storage pocket on the back where conductors can store their batons, handkerchiefs, reading glasses, and other accessories.
Non-Portable
Musicians may have stands in their homes or music studios made of wood or metal which are not designed to be moved. Due to their weight and/or their delicate finishes, they are intended to be used in a single location. Some heavy stands are made of carved wood and feature bas relief carvings and inlay work. Other heavy stands are made of brass, and feature musical motifs such as treble clefs. Some of these stands are objects of art in their own right.
Digital
Digital music stands that use a computer screen to display the music began being used in the 1990s and 2000s. The digital "pages" can be turned by pressing an electronic footpedal, thus enabling performers to play chamber music or solo pieces with difficult page turns without hiring or finding a volunteer to act as a page turner. The music notation is typically displayed on a flatscreen display or a tablet computer screen.
Marching band
Marching band or some brass band members use a small sheet holder called a lyre or a clip which can be attached to an instrument. The clip holds a small piece of music, so she/he can read the music while marching.
Keyboard instruments
Pianos, harpsichords, organs, and many post-1980s electronic keyboards have some type of rack or stand to hold sheet music and scores. On some grand pianos, the music stand can be removed when a performer is playing from memory. On some electronic or electric keyboards, the stand can be removed to facilitate transportation. If the music stands on electronic and electric keyboards were permanently attached, they would make the instrument harder to load into a van or car, and the stand would be vulnerable to damage.
On some digital pianos designed for use in a private home or studio, the music rack is permanently installed, as they are meant to stay in one place. A high-end digital piano with a fixed music rack, stand and pedals would need a van and several helpers to move.
Most keyboardists who regularly transport electronic keyboards use stage pianos or MIDI controller keyboards along with a sound module; on these instruments, all of the accessories (music rack, keyboard stand, sustain pedal) can be disconnected. Making the keyboard so that it can be broken down into separate components makes the instrument more transportable, even in small vehicles.
Challenges
With outdoor performances, users of music stands can face challenges due to wind blowing the pages of music off the stand or turning the pages. To address this, performers use metal clips or clothes pins to attach the music to the stand or lay a sheet of plexiglass over the music. While these methods prevent the music or pages from being blown by the wind, they make page turns more difficult. Also, users of lightweight folding stands may face challenges on windy days, as the opened pages of a music part may act like a sail and catch the wind, which can lead to the entire stand blowing over. Heavy-duty folding stands and professional stands are less likely to blow over due to their greater weight. In outdoor concerts where windy conditions are a problem, the most wind-resistant stand is a professional, non-folding stand with a heavy, weighted base.
In opera, ballet and musical theater, the orchestra (or band in the case of musicals) often plays in an orchestra pit in front of and at a lower level than the main performance stage. For dramatic reasons, the stage may be darkened at times during the performance, and the house lights turned off. This darkness could pose challenges for the musicians who are reading parts or chord charts in the pit. In order to see, small stand lights are clipped onto the tops of stands. To avoid having the stand lights distract audience members, some have cloth "hoods" over the lights. Originally, stand lights were incandescent, requiring extension cords running throughout the pit and regular bulb changes. In the 2000s, as LED lights became more affordable, battery powered LED lights became widely used. LED lights do not need extension cords and the bulbs almost never need replacement. Stand lights do not clip as securely to thin folding stands. Stand lights clip more securely onto the solid rack of a professional, non-folding stand. A Canadian viola player invented a stand with a built-in LED light, for dark performing settings.
Comparison with music desk
The term stand, as it is used to describe furniture such as a plant stand or music stand, generally implies a relatively small surface area supported at the required height, most usually by a turned leg or support known as a standard. Any inclined surface that can be used for supporting music may be thought of as a music stand, although generally this function is divided between two types of furniture: a music stand proper and a music desk. The music stand, as the name suggests, consists of a support for the music raised upon a freestanding column or tripod, which, in addition to being movable, may also be adjustable with regard to its height and the angle at which it may be tilted. A music desk generally implies a similar, tiltable support for the music, but rather than being raised on a stand, instead forms part of a table. In as much as the term "desk" originally implied a sloping-topped table for reading or writing, the slight adjustment necessary to turn a desk into a music desk was a relatively simple matter.
References
Music technology
Musical notation
Lillian Russell is a 1940 American biographical film of the life of the singer and actress. The screenplay was by William Anthony McGuire. The film was directed by Irving Cummings and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. It stars Alice Faye in the title role, Don Ameche, Henry Fonda and Edward Arnold as Diamond Jim Brady.
Richard Day and Joseph C. Wright were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction, Black-and-White.
Plot
Helen Leonard (Faye) has a beautiful voice. As she grows up, she trains becoming an opera singer. Her instructor, however, informs her that her voice is pleasing, but not suitable for grand opera. Returning home one day, she and her grandmother (Westley) are saved by a handsome young man, newspaperman Alexander Moore (Fonda). Meanwhile, Helen's mother, Cynthia (Peterson), has political aspirations, but only receives a handful of votes for mayor.
While singing one evening, Helen is overheard by vaudeville impresario Tony Pastor (Carrillo), who hires her to sing at his theater. She is given a new name, Lillian Russell, and quickly rises to fame as the toast of New York. As the years pass, Lillian becomes one of the most revered stars in America. She has many suitors, including financier Diamond Jim Brady (Arnold), Jesse Lewisohn (William), and composer Edward Solomon (Ameche). She eventually marries Edward and they move to London, where Gilbert and Sullivan are writing an operetta especially for her.
Alexander Moore returns and makes a contract with Lillian to write stories about her rise to fame. But tragedy soon strikes when Edward dies one evening while composing a song for her. Lillian cancels the interviews and makes an appearance in the show, singing the song her husband composed for her, "Blue Lovebird."
Lillian returns to America and is, by this time, the greatest stage attraction of the century. Alexander comes to see Lillian after a new show and the two are happily reunited.
The plot takes many liberties with the facts, in particular giving her only two husbands instead of four.
Cast
Alice Faye as Lillian Russell
Don Ameche as Edward Solomon
Henry Fonda as Alexander Moore
Edward Arnold as Diamond Jim Brady
Warren William as The Famous J.L.
Leo Carrillo as Tony Pastor
Helen Westley as Grandma Leonard
Dorothy Peterson as Cynthia Leonard
Ernest Truex as Charles K. Leonard
Nigel Bruce as William Gilbert
Lynn Bari as Edna McCauley
Claud Allister as Arthur Sullivan (as Claude Allister)
Joe Weber as Joe Weber (as Weber)
Lew Fields as Lew Field (as Fields)
Eddie Foy Jr. as Eddie Foy Sr.
Una O'Connor as Marie
Joseph Cawthorn as Leopold Damrosch
Diane Fisher as Dorothy
Elyse Knox as Lillian Russell's Sister
Joan Valerie as Lillian Russell's Sister
Alice Armand as Lillian Russell's Sister
William B. Davidson as President Cleveland (as William Davidson)
Hal K. Dawson as Chauffeur
Charles Halton as Dr' Dobbins
Robert Emmett Keane as Jeweler
Harry Hayden as Mr. Sloane
Frank Darien as Coachman
Frank Sully as Hank
Ottola Nesmith as Miss Smyth
Ferike Boros as Mrs. Rose
Robert Homans as Stage Doorman
William Haade as Soldier
Irving Bacon as Soldier
Paul E. Burns as Soldier (as Paul Burns)
Cecil Cunningham as Mrs. Hobbs
Songs
Many pre-1900s songs were used for the film, including "Ma Blushin' Rosie", "Come Down Ma Evenin' Star", and "After the Ball". Several new songs were also written for the film, including "Adored One" and most notably, "Blue Lovebird", composed by Gus Kahn and Bronisław Kaper.
See also
Diamond Jim, a 1935 film starring Edward Arnold, again as Jim Brady
References
External links
1940 films
1940s biographical drama films
1940s musical drama films
1940s historical films
20th Century Fox films
American biographical drama films
American historical films
American musical drama films
Biographical films about singers
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Irving Cummings
Films set in the 1870s
Films set in the 1880s
Films set in the 1890s
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in London
Cultural depictions of Grover Cleveland
Works about Gilbert and Sullivan
1940 drama films
1940s American films
Olowo Ajaka was a traditional ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria. He succeeded his father, Olowo Ajagbusi Ekun.
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Olagbegi family
Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,795. The county seat is Garner. The county was founded on January 15, 1851, and named in honor of John Hancock, a leader of the Continental Congress during the American Revolution.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 69
Iowa Highway 17
Adjacent counties
Winnebago County (north)
Cerro Gordo County (east)
Wright County (south)
Kossuth County (west)
History
Hancock county was established as a result of an election on June 28, 1858. At the time two townships, Avery and Madison, were also established. Soon after a courthouse was built in Garner, Iowa that continues to be the county seat.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 10,795 in the county, with a population density of . 95.32% of the population reported being of one race. There were 5,113 housing units, of which 4,585 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 11,341 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,330 housing units, of which 4,741 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 12,100 people, 4,795 households, and 3,375 families in the county. The population density was 21 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 5,164 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.70% White, 0.09% Black or African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.38% from other races, and 0.40% from two or more races. 2.49%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 4,795 households 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.90% were married couples living together, 6.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 26.50% of households were one person and 13.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.
The age distribution was 26.50% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 23.50% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 96.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.00 males.
The median household income was $37,703 and the median family income was $44,248. Males had a median income of $29,452 versus $20,376 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,957. About 5.20% of families and 6.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.90% of those under age 18 and 6.90% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
As of December 2008, the unemployment rate in Hancock County was 9.1%, a sharp rise from 4.0% in December 2007. In 2016 the unemployment rate dropped back to 2.2%.
Communities
Cities
Britt
Corwith
Crystal Lake
Forest City (part)
Garner
Goodell
Kanawha
Klemme
Woden
Census-designated places
Duncan
Hayfield
Hutchins
Miller
Other unincorporated community
Stilson
Townships
Hancock County is divided into sixteen townships:
Amsterdam
Avery
Bingham
Boone
Britt
Concord
Crystal
Ell
Ellington
Erin
Garfield
Liberty
Madison
Magor
Orthel
Twin Lake
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Hancock County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Hancock County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hancock County, Iowa
References
External links
Hancock County, Iowa Official website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Olympic Club Mbongo Sport is a football club in Mbuji-Mayi, Democratic Republic of Congo. In the 2006/2007 season they played in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Honours
Coupe du Congo
Runners-up (1): 1995
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Cup: 1 appearance
1992 – Quarter-Final
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mbuji-Mayi
Deer Valley High School in Antioch, California, is a public secondary school serving southeast Antioch in Contra Costa County, California. It opened in 1996
In 2007, the Antioch Unified School District named Scott Bergerhouse and Clarence Isadore co-principals. The co-principal model has previously been implemented in some larger schools in southern California.
In February 2010, Deer Valley and the rest of the AUSD schools were informed that they would issue a uniform policy in the second semester of the 2010-2011 school year. This policy proved to be a failure for the school, partly due to the policy taking effect halfway through the year. The policy was discontinued by its second month.
School Site Council
The Deer Valley School Site Council is a group of parents, teachers, students and other school employees elected by their peers to meet with the school co-principals in order to:
Develop a comprehensive school site plan
Plan, monitor, and review its effectiveness
Develop a budget aligned to categorical program funds
Review and revise the plan and budget annually
Recommend Single Plan for Student Achievement to the School Board
Recommend the plan for targeting use of other categorical or supplemental funds to the School Board
Ensure that the school is continually engaged in identifying and implementing curriculum and instructional practices
Academics
The school is divided into four "houses", each of which has its own vice-principal and secretary. At the freshman and sophomore levels Deer Valley uses a teaming concept, where groups of students share the same English, math, science, and history teacher. In addition to core classes, a wide variety of elective classes are offered to students. In addition to instrumental and choral music, foreign language, drama, automotive, culinary, and art classes, students may also enroll in electives including video production, digital art, web design, animation, law, manufacturing, photography, and careers with children.
Deer Valley also houses academies: Antioch Unified School District has four Linked Learning academies in place throughout the district. There are four academies on the campus of Deer Valley High School, a Law Academy, a Performing Arts Academy, a Business Academy, and an ACE Academy.
The process for attending an academy begins in the second half of the eighth grade, when students and their parents have opportunities to attend presentations by each of the Learning Link academies. Students can apply for one or more by completing an application. The selection is by lottery; it is open to all district students without pre-testing; however, there is a 3.0 GPA requirement.
Located in House 2 of DVHS, the Law Academy curriculum includes three elements: law-related content embedded in required courses in English, social studies, math and science, law-specific elective courses such as Constitutional Law and Criminal Justice, and work-based learning throughout the four years of study.
Students enrolled in the Deer Valley Law Academy must take a fundamental criminal justice class in 9th grade, with the curriculum continuing on to the next year, and psychology in 11th grade. Deer Valley is also one of the few high schools in California with the option to take Philosophy; the Law students are placed as top priority in the enrollment process.
DVHS Planetarium
Deer Valley High School is one of the few high schools in the Bay Area to have a planetarium. The planetarium has been in operation since 2004 and hosts biweekly shows for the community. It is open to the public. The current shows start at 8 pm and has star observing at 9 pm on alternating Thursdays when school is in session.
Departments
Career Technology (including the Law Academy which opened in the 2009-10 school year)
English
Mathematics
Physical Education
Reform Facilitators
Science
Social Science
Special Education
Visual and Performing Arts
World Languages
Incidents
2009 shooting
On September 16, 2009, at about 8:29am, a 16-year-old student of Deer Valley High School was shot in the arm and chest near the school. The shots were fired from a vehicle, which then drove off. The victim was lifted by air to John Muir Medical Center and underwent surgery. The school, along with all other schools in the district, then went into lockdown later that morning. 19-year-old Yousuf Mohammad Aziz and another person were arrested in connection with the shooting. In 2011, Aziz was convicted of charges of premeditated attempted murder, assault with a firearm, shooting at an inhabited dwelling and two counts of street terrorism, and was sentenced to 7 years to life in prison.
2013 bomb threats
In April 2013, the school received continuous bomb threats in a single week, with evacuations held on an hourly basis due to safety concerns. These bomb threats were also sent out to Black Diamond Middle School as well, with these types of threats deemed "anonymous". It was later revealed that a 16 year old student was responsible for the bomb threats, and was arrested soon after. No one was hurt during those evacuation periods.
2020 shooting
On January 31, 2020, at around 8:30pm, a fight broke out in the parking lot of the school. A sixteen year old student, Jonathan Parker, was shot three times during a basketball game against cross-town rival Antioch High School. The teen later died from his injuries. The shooter, a student in Pittsburg CA, later turned himself in to the U.S. Marshal Service and the Oakland Police Department after hiding from authorities in Oakland, CA.
Notable alumni
Taiwan Jones, running back for the Buffalo Bills, Oakland Raiders, Houston Texans
Marcus Lee, power forward for the California Golden Bears
Sterling Moore, cornerback for the New Orleans Saints
Kevin Pereira, co-host of G4's Attack of the Show!
Nsimba Webster, class of 2014, wide receiver for the Los Angeles Rams 2019-Present
Elizabeth Soleyman, class of 2005, Founder and CEO of We Get It Foundation
References
External links
ESPACEacademy.com
Antioch Unified School District
Antioch, California
Educational institutions established in 1996
High schools in Contra Costa County, California
Public high schools in California
1996 establishments in California
Thoughtful Songs for Little People is the third studio album by Australian children's music group, Teeny Tiny Stevies. It was released on 7 August 2020.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2020, the album won the ARIA Award for Best Children's Album.
At the AIR Awards of 2021, the album won Best Independent Children's Album or EP.
Track listing
"Superpower" - 3:07
"Had You to Teach Me" - 3:07
"Happy Swimming" - 3:10
"Can't Wait to Be Home" - 3:54
"Plastic" - 2:34
"Respect My Pet" - 3:00
"Science" - 3:40
"Family Is a Team" - 3:48
"Abilities" - 3:17
"Things I Can Say" -3:28
"Good for Your Health" - 2:53
"Everything Comes to an End" - 3:12
Charts
References
2020 albums
ARIA Award-winning albums
Wierzchowiska Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1611.
Events
January 1 – Oberon, the Faery Prince, a masque written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones, is performed at Whitehall Palace.
February 3 – Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly, another Jonson/Jones masque, is also staged at Whitehall.
May 2 – The Authorized King James Version of the Bible appears, printed in London by Robert Barker.
May 11 – The first known performance of Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale, probably new this year, is given by the King's Men at the Globe Theatre in London.
November 1 – The King's Men give perhaps the first performance of The Tempest, Shakespeare's last solo play, at Whitehall Palace.
November 5 – The King's Men perform The Winter's Tale at Whitehall Palace.
December 26 – The King's Men return to Court with Beaumont and Fletcher's A King and No King.
December 27 – Queen Anne's Men act one of their most popular plays, Greene's Tu Quoque (The City Gallant; probably written by John Cooke) at Court, having previously performed it at the Red Bull Theatre.
unknown dates
The last known traditional performance of an English mystery play is given at Kendal.
Dramatist Juan Ruiz de Alarcón returns to Spain from Mexico.
New books
Prose
The Holy Bible, Authorized King James Version
Jacques Bongars – Gesta Dei per Francos
Thomas Coryat – Coryat's Crudities hastily gobbled up in Five Months Travels in France, Italy, &c
Randle Cotgrave – A Dictionarie of the French and English Tongues
John Donne – An Anatomy of the World
Giolla Brighde Ó hEoghusa (Bonaventura Ó hEoghusa or O'Hussey) – An Teagasc Criosdaidhe
Samuel Rowlands – The Knave of Clubs
John Speed:
The Historie of Great Britaine
The Theatre of the Empire of Great Britaine (map atlas)
Drama
Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher – A King and No King
George Chapman – May Day (published)
John Cooke (?) – Greene's Tu Quoque
Thomas Dekker and Thomas Middleton – The Roaring Girl (published)
Thomas Dekker – If This Be Not a Good Play, the Devil Is In It
Thomas Heywood – The Golden Age (published)
Ben Jonson
Oberon, the Faery Prince
Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly
Catiline His Conspiracy published
Johannes Messenius – Disa
Thomas Middleton (attributed to) – The Second Maiden's Tragedy
Anthony Munday – Chryso-Thriambos
William Shakespeare
The Winter's Tale (probable date)
The Tempest (consensus date)
Cyril Tourneur – The Atheist's Tragedy (published)
Poetry
See also 1611 in poetry
Richard Braithwaite – The Golden Fleece
John Donne – An Anatomy of the World
Emilia Lanier – Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum
Births
September 1 – William Cartwright, English dramatist (died 1643)
October 22 – Jacques Esprit ("abbé Esprit"), French moralist (died 1677)
October 26 – Antonio Coello, Spanish dramatist and poet (died 1652)
unknown dates
Richard Alleine, English religious writer (died 1681)
Charles Alphonse du Fresnoy, French writer on art and painter (died 1665)
Thomas Urquhart, Scottish translator (died c. 1660)
probable year
Jean François Sarrazin, French satirist (died 1654)
Deaths
February 8 – Jan Huyghen van Linschoten, Dutch historian (born 1563)
March 11 – Giles Fletcher, the Elder, English poet and diplomat (born c. 1548)
March 20 – Johann Georg Gödelmann, German demonological writer (born 1559)
April 23 – Martin Ruland the Younger, German alchemist and editor of his father's writings (born 1569)
June 8 – Jean Bertaut, French poet (born 1552)
September 22 – Pedro de Ribadeneira, Spanish ecclesiastical historian (born 1527)
unknown date
John Hamilton, Scottish Catholic controversialist (born c. 1547)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum, in Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada celebrates the history, heritage, and culture of Wetaskiwin and area. The museum serves the public by documenting and telling the stories of their local community, which includes the City of Wetaskiwin, County of Wetaskiwin, and the Maskwacis Cree Four Nations of Ermineskin, Louis Bull, Montana, and Samson.
Information
Visitors have year round access to the Museum to enjoy special events and view displays.
Canada Day and Pioneer Days celebrations and exhibit openings at the museum continue to be popular events, often marked by games, quizzes and contests. Each year the Museum has bestowed a "Pioneer of the Year Award" to honour an individual that has helped settle the area and has made a significant contribution to the community.
Group tours and school tours are welcomed and continue to increase as children's programs are expanded and developed.
The Heritage Museum hosts hundreds of elementary school students each year in the Children's Legacy Center. Programs have been designed to enhance the curriculum of Grades K - 4. Hands-on activities are encouraged through play, as gentle touching is allowed in the Children's Museum. Butter making, wool carding, using a scrub board to wash clothes and shopping in a vintage General store are some of the activities offered. School programs enable youngsters to experience life as it was for the early pioneers.
It is the only museum dedicated to preserving and presenting the history of Wetaskiwin and central Alberta.
Featured exhibits include
c. 1900 Century Home
Women of Aspenland - 4 Additions each year
Entertainment and Past Times (1890-1940)
Origins Exhibit which includes Fur Trade, Native History and Interactive Computer Game
Location
The Wetaskiwin Heritage Museum is located between Edmonton and Red Deer in Alberta, Canada, 65 kilometres south of Edmonton. The Museum is located on main street at 5007 - 50 Avenue.
History
The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum has been incorporated as a non-profit society since May 1986. The museum provides for the acquisition, exhibition, and preservation of artefacts to interpret the natural, human, and cultural history of Wetaskiwin, the Cree Four Band Reserve, and the surrounding rural area.
With the commitment of Society members, competent staff, dedicated volunteers, and the unfailing support of the community,
the museum has become the city's heritage house, preserving its history for future generations. In 2004, having outgrown the Calgary Power building, the Wetaskiwin and District Museum Society purchased the three-story, one-hundred-year-old Montgomery Store building situated on Main Street. The main floor opened in November 2004. The entire building-home to a collection of more than 15,000 artefacts-officially opened its doors on May 7, 2005, and now welcomes thousands of visitors each year.
Exhibits
Children's Legacy Centre
The Children's Legacy Centre, located in the basement of the historic building, is a unique, hands-on permanent exhibit showcasing pioneer life. Kids are invited to experience a one-room schoolhouse, visit a pioneer kitchen, and explore other rooms while dressed in period clothing.
The Women of Aspenland
Every October, Canada celebrates Women's History Month. October was chosen because it is the month in which Canadian women officially became persons by law. The Wetaskiwin & District Heritage Museum honours and celebrates the Women of Aspenland as an ongoing exhibit. It pays tribute to the many women who made their own unique contributions to the community of Wetaskiwin and area. 2008's inductees were Mary (Keogh) Christopher, Margaret (Todd) Emmett, Minnie Johnson, and Caroline (Dorchester) Shantz.
Temporary exhibits
The main floor features temporary exhibits which are changed on an annual basis. Presently featured is "Entertainment and Past Times" (1890-1940). The main floor also holds the Gift Shop, Front Desk, Donation Desk, Resource Library, and Public Washrooms.
Second floor exhibits
Origins Exhibit
The Origins Exhibit includes dinosaur fossils, archaeological artefacts, and facts about the local Cree Nations of Samson, Ermineskin, Montana, and Louis Bull. A fur trading post and a tipi are also included in the exhibit. There are also Interactive Games, where you can learn about Cree migration, bison, and fur trading.
Community Halls
After two years of research and more than 250 hours of exhibit design work, visitors are now welcome to explore the new "virtual" exhibit devoted to twenty-five Community Halls from the County of Wetaskiwin No. 10. Read the halls' histories and view hundreds of pictures on a touch screen computer.
Christian Heritage
The Christian Heritage exhibit contains information regarding 28 churches from the Wetaskiwin district, and displays artefacts from many different congregations.
History of Healing
A hundred years of history about the local hospitals and the healthcare professionals who served the community.
Early businesses
Wetaskiwin's earliest businesses include French's Jewellery, the local branches of seven different banks, the Driard Hotel and Barbershop, the Drug Store, a General Store, the City Meat Market, and local dairies.
Century Home
This turn-of-the-century town house features a circa 1910 living room, kitchen, master bedroom and child's room.
Immigrant stories
Immigration has had an enormous effect on Canada, and the Heritage Museum features exhibits devoted to the Swedish and Chinese immigrants who helped build the City of Wetaskiwin. "The Hutterites: A United People" also contains information about how these unchanging people face a changing world, allowing visitors to learn about the Hutterite history, religion, attire, beliefs, customs, and local presence.
War Years Remembered
Learn about Wetaskiwin's military history, and the local men and women who enlisted. This exhibit honours the courageous citizens who served on the home front and overseas. A war brides exhibit is also featured.
Resources and accessibility
Resource Library: The Museum's non-lending Resource Library, located on the main floor, is available for public use. Please ask a staff member if you would like access to the library.
Wheelchair Accessibility: Visitors disembark at the main entrance. The Heritage Museum has no barriers to entering the building from Main Street. Once inside, an elevator bypasses the stairways to the basement and second floor. A wheelchair accessible washroom is also available on the main floor. Strollers and baby carriages are allowed in most galleries.
External links
Museum Website
Alberta Source
Wetaskiwin Times Advertiser
Alberta Museums Association
City of Wetaskiwin
Travel Alberta
Museums in Alberta
History museums in Alberta
Wetaskiwin
Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau (née Avegno; 29 January 1859 – 25 July 1915) was an American-born Parisian socialite, who gained notoriety as the subject of John Singer Sargent's painting Portrait of Madame X. The suggestion of indiscreet posing in a revealing costume provoked a storm of outrage.
Early life and education
Gautreau was born Virginie Amélie of European Creole ancestry, in New Orleans, Louisiana, on 29 January 1859, the daughter of Anatole Placide Avegno (3 July 1835 – 7 April 1862) and Marie Virginie de Ternant of Parlange Plantation, a descendant of French nobility. Her grandmother was Virginie de Ternant, founder of the plantation; Louisiana senator and judge Charles Parlange was her maternal uncle. She had a sister, Valentine Marie, who died as a young child of yellow fever. Their parents were white Creoles; their father Anatole was the son of Philippe Avegno (originally Italian) and Catherine Genois.
Her father Anatole Avegno served as a major in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War; he died in 1862 in the Battle of Shiloh. He was the commander of the Avegno Zouaves of New Orleans, a cosmopolitan battalion which had soldiers from a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds including French, Spanish, Mexican, Irish, Italian, Chinese, German, Dutch, and Filipino.
In 1867, when Virginia was eight years old, her widowed mother moved with her to France. The girl was educated in Paris and introduced to French high society.
Parisienne
Virginie Avegno became one of Paris's conspicuous beauties, as she was a pale-skinned brunette with fine, cameo-like features and an hourglass figure. She was known to use lavender-colored face and body powder to enhance her complexion, to dye her hair with henna, and to color her eyebrows. She attracted much admiration due to her elegance and style. She also attracted much amorous attention that she did not discourage, and her extramarital affairs were so well known that they became the subject of tabloid scandal sheets and gossip handbills.
One of her lovers was Samuel Jean Pozzi, a gynecologist and art collector. His portrait, Dr. Pozzi at Home, had been painted by the young aspiring John Singer Sargent, a former pupil of French master Carolus Duran. Sargent, anxious to popularize himself by capitalizing on Virginie's notoriety, asked Dr. Pozzi (whom he had painted in a papal-red robe) to introduce him to Virginie, which the doctor did, resulting in Sargent's being invited to the Gautreaus' Brittany chateau, Les Chênes, where Sargent produced some 30 studies of her in pencil, watercolor and oil.
Marriage and family
She married Pierre Gautreau, a French banker and shipping magnate. She had a daughter named Louise Gautreau (1879–1911).
Madame X
She posed for paintings by several noted 19th-century painters, including Gustave Courtois (1891) and Antonio de La Gándara. (1898) but it was Sargent's 1884 portrait of her that he had entered in the Paris Salon of that year under the title Portrait of Madame X that would become by far the most famous. This was because the woman's suggestively coquettish pose and revealing costume so offended French sensibility as indiscreetly suggesting the woman's reputation that it provoked a firestorm of outrage and was regarded as scandalous. One French critic wrote that if one stood before the portrait during its exhibition in the Salon, one "would hear every curseword in the French language." It was not that a woman of Virginie's station in society would not pose as a model (after all, no scandal attached to her posing afterwards for both Courtois and de la Gándara), it was that Sargent was seen as having openly defied convention by flaunting the woman's immoral lifestyle. Gautreau's mother implored Sargent to remove the portrait from the Salon, but the most he would do was change the title to "Portrait of Madame X," by which it has ever since been known. The scandal guaranteed that Sargent would receive no more portrait commissions in France, and he decamped for London for good, where he became one of history's most famous portraitists, of the upper classes in Britain and America. The scandal caused Gautreau to retire from society for some time although she still carried on.
Antonio de La Gándara painted a full-length portrait of her, entitled Madame Gautreau (1898). In tonality of colors, privacy of her face, and style of her dress, it was more conservative than Sargent's painting.
Death
Gautreau died in Cannes on 25 July 1915. She was buried in the Gautreau family crypt at their Chateau des Chênes in Saint-Malo, Brittany.
Representation in other media
Gautreau's and Sargent's intertwined stories are the subject of Strapless (2004) by Deborah Davis.
Gautreau is also the subject of I Am Madame X: A Novel (2004) by Gioia Diliberto.
References
American socialites
American expatriates in France
American artists' models
American people of French descent
American people of Italian descent
Louisiana Creole people
People from New Orleans
1859 births
1915 deaths
The men's Super heavyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1984 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of more than 91 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 3 to 11 August 1984. 11 boxers from 11 nations competed.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
Peter Hussing (FRG) def. Olaf Mayer (AUT), 5:0
Lennox Lewis (CAN) def. Mohammad Yousuf (PAK), RSC-3
Tyrell Biggs (USA) def. Isaac Barrientos (PUR), 5:0
Quarterfinals
Francesco Damiani (ITA) def. Willie Isangura (TNZ), RSC-2
Robert Wells (GBR) def. Viliami Pulu (TNG), KO-1
Aziz Salihu (YUG) def. Peter Hussing (FRG), 3:2
Tyrell Biggs (USA) def. Lennox Lewis (CAN), 5:0
Semifinals
Francesco Damiani (ITA) def. Robert Wells (GBR), RSC-3
Tyrell Biggs (USA) def. Aziz Salihu (YUG), 5:0
Final
Tyrell Biggs (USA) def. Francesco Damiani (ITA), 4:1
References
Super Heavyweight
Robert Howley (born 13 October 1970 in Bridgend) is a Welsh rugby union former player and coach. As a player he gained 59 caps for Wales, 22 of them as captain. He was part of the Wales coaching team for many years. He is currently the Coaching Consultant for the Toronto Arrows in Major League Rugby (MLR).
Playing career
Club
Howley played for Bridgend, Cardiff and Wasps. He gained the distinction of Welsh Player of the Year in 1996 and 1997.
He helped Wasps win two Premiership titles in 2003 and 2004. He also helped Wasps win the Heineken Cup in 2004, in the final of which his late try won them the game against Toulouse. A wrist injury saw Howley announce his retirement from the game in 2004.
International
Howley represented Wales at Welsh Schools, Wales U21 levels, Wales Students, Wales A and Wales B levels.
He made his senior Wales debut in February 1996. He was selected for the 1997 British Lions tour to South Africa, prompting speculation of a match-up with the Springboks' Joost van der Westhuizen, but Howley suffered a tour-ending shoulder injury in a match against Natal prior to the start of the test series. Howley made the 2001 British & Irish Lions tour to Australia and played in the first two tests before succumbing to injury.
He retired from international rugby when he joined Wasps.
Coaching career
Following his retirement from playing, Howley coached Cardiff RFC.
In 2008 he became the attack coach for the Wales national team. He has been Warren Gatland's assistant since Gatland's appointment in later 2007, helping the national side secure a number of trophies and Six Nations titles. In addition to this, he was part of the Welsh management team for the 2011 Rugby World Cup and 2015 Rugby World Cup.
He was attack coach during 2009 British & Irish Lions tour to South Africa under head coach Ian McGeechan, and retained the role under Warren Gatland in the 2013 British & Irish Lions tour to Australia, helping the Lions secure their first series win since 1997.
Wales caretaker coach
2012–2013
In April 2012, Howley temporarily covered the day-to-day running of the coaching team, after Warren Gatland suffered two broken heels while on holiday in New Zealand. Warren Gatland was unable to lead Wales on their 2012 tour to Australia because of his injury, and Rob Howley took charge as caretaker coach during the tour. Rob Howley continued his caretaker role in the 2012 Autumn Internationals as Gatland was selected as head coach of the 2013 British & Irish Lions tour to Australia. However, Howley would only coach Wales in the opening 2 matches; Argentina and Samoa, and that Gatland would return to coach the side against New Zealand and Australia in week 3 and 4. Due to Gatland's role as head coach of the Lions, he was unable to coach Wales in the 2013 Six Nations, therefore Howely continued his role through the 2013 tournament.
While coaching the Welsh side from June 2012 to March 2013, Rob Howley faced much criticism. His opening match as caretaker coach against the Barbarians was won by Wales 30–21. After that win Wales suffered 8 consecutive defeats, 6 of which were under the management of Howley. This included a 3–0 series defeat against Australia during their 2012 tour to Australia, a series white-wash in the 2012 Autumn Internationals and a loss in the opening round of the 2013 Six Nations against Ireland. The last 5 defeats was a record run of 5 home defeats. The streak was broken in round 2 of the Six Nations after beating France 6–16. Rob Howley led Wales to a Championship win in the 2013 Six Nations after beating England by a record winning margin, 30–3 at the Millennium Stadium. This was Wales fourth Championship win since it became the Six Nations in 2000, and the first time Wales has won back to back championship wins since their 1978/1979 championship wins.
2016–2017
On 7 September 2016, Howley was once again given the head coaching duties for the Welsh national side after Gatland retained his head coaching role of the British & Irish Lions for their 2017 tour to New Zealand. Howley took charge of Wales effective immediately, coaching Wales in all 2016 Autumn internationals, which saw Wales win 3 from 4. He will also coach the side during the 2017 Six Nations Championship, and pending appointment to the British & Irish Lions at the same time, he will also coach Wales during their 2017 Summer tour.
2019 suspension
On 17 September 2019 Rob Howley was sent home from Wales' Rugby World Cup training camp in Japan for a breach of sports betting rules. He was later banned for 18 months with nine suspended after being found guilty of placing 363 bets on rugby union, covering 1,163 matches in total. Howley linked his betting to his sister's depression, alcoholism and early death.
Results
References
External links
Wasps profile
Scrum.com player statistics
Planet-rugby stats
Sporting heroes 1 2 3 4
1970 births
Bridgend RFC players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Barbarian F.C. players
Cardiff RFC players
Living people
People educated at Ysgol Brynteg
Rugby union players from Bridgend
Rugby union scrum-halves
Wales international rugby union players
Wales national rugby union team coaches
Wales rugby union captains
Welsh rugby union coaches
Welsh rugby union players
Yilan () is a town in and the seat of Yilan County in south-central Heilongjiang province, China, located where the Woken () and Mudan Rivers flow separately into the Songhua River. It has a hukou population of 37,000 an , It has 8 residential communities () and 4 villages under its administration. It is serviced by G1011 Harbin–Tongjiang Expressway and China National Highway 221.
References
Township-level divisions of Heilongjiang
Collapse or its variants may refer to:
Concepts
Collapse (structural)
Collapse (topology), a mathematical concept
Collapsing manifold
Collapse, the action of collapsing or telescoping objects
Collapsing user interface elements
Accordion (GUI) -- collapsing list items
Code folding -- collapsing subsections of programs or text
Outliner -- supporting folding and unfolding subsections
Ecosystem collapse or Ecological collapse
Economic collapse
Gravitational collapse creating astronomical objects
Societal collapse
Dissolution of the Soviet Union, the collapse of Soviet federalism
State collapse
Wave function collapse, in physics
Medicine and biology
In medicine, collapse can refer to various forms of transient loss of consciousness such as syncope, or loss of postural muscle tone without loss of consciousness. It can also refer to:
Circulatory collapse
Lung collapse
Hydrophobic collapse in protein folding
Art, entertainment and media
Literature
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed, a book by Jared Diamond
Collapse (journal), a journal of philosophical research and development published in the United Kingdom
Film
Collapse (film), a 2009 documentary directed by Chris Smith and starring Michael Ruppert
Collapse, a 2010 documentary film based on the book Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed
Games
Collapse (2008 video game), an action game released in 2008 for Microsoft Windows
Collapse!, a 1999 series games created by GameHouse
Collapse, a fictional event in the computer game Dreamfall
The Collapse (Deus Ex), a fictional event within the plot of the computer game Deus Ex and its sequel Deus Ex: Invisible War
Music
Albums
Collapse (Across Five Aprils album), 2006
Collapse (Deas Vail album), 2006
Collapse EP, 2018 record by Aphex Twin
Songs
"Collapse" (Soul Coughing song), 1996
"Collapse" (Saosin song), 2006
"Collapse" (Imperative Reaction song), 2006
"Collapsed" (Aly & AJ song), 2005
See also
The Collapse (disambiguation)
Cave-in, a kind of structural collapse
Disintegrate (disambiguation)
Fall (disambiguation)
Telescoping (mechanics), the action of collapsing objects
John Ormsby Vandeleur may refer to:
Sir John Ormsby Vandeleur (1763–1849), British Army general
John Ormsby Vandeleur (Ennis MP) (1765–1828), Irish landowner and politician, MP for Ennis and Carlow
John Ormsby Vandeleur (MP for Granard) (1767–1822), Irish politician, MP for Granard 1790–1798
Michael Andrew Macfarlane (born April 12, 1964) is an American former professional baseball player. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for the Kansas City Royals (1987–1994, 1996–1998), Boston Red Sox (1995), and Oakland Athletics (1998–1999).
Early life
Macfarlane graduated from Lincoln High School in Stockton, California in 1982. He played collegiate baseball for Santa Clara University before his selection in the fourth round (97th overall) of the 1985 draft.
Career
In 1988, Macfarlane became the first Royals rookie catcher to start on Opening Day since Ellie Rodríguez in 1969. In 1992, he led Kansas City with 17 home runs and a .445 slugging percentage. In 1994, he became the Royals leader in all-time games caught, surpassing a club record set by John Wathan.
In a 13-season major league career, Macfarlane posted a .252 batting average with 129 home runs and 514 runs batted in in 1,164 games played. He is ranked 64th all-time among American League catchers with a .992 fielding percentage while throwing out 33% of potential basestealers. His 97 hit by pitches ranks him 100th on the MLB all-time list.
External links
Baseball Library
Encyclopedia of Baseball Catchers
Major League Baseball catchers
Baseball players from Stockton, California
Kansas City Royals players
Oakland Athletics players
Boston Red Sox players
1964 births
Living people
Memphis Chicks players
Omaha Royals players
Santa Clara Broncos baseball players
Anchorage Bucs players
James Dwight Dana FRS FRSE (February 12, 1813 – April 14, 1895) was an American geologist, mineralogist, volcanologist, and zoologist. He made pioneering studies of mountain-building, volcanic activity, and the origin and structure of continents and oceans around the world.
His zoological author abbreviation is Dana.
Early life and career
Dana was born February 12, 1813, in Utica, New York. His father was merchant James Dana (1780–1860) and his mother was Harriet Dwight (1792–1870). Through his mother he was related to the Dwight New England family of missionaries and educators including uncle Harrison Gray Otis Dwight and first cousin Henry Otis Dwight.
He showed an early interest in science, which had been fostered by Fay Edgerton, a teacher in the Utica high school, and in 1830 he entered Yale College in order to study under Benjamin Silliman the elder.
Graduating in 1833, for the next two years he was teacher of mathematics to midshipmen in the Navy, and sailed to the Mediterranean while engaged in his duties. In 1836 and 1837 he was assistant to Professor Silliman in the chemical laboratory at Yale, and then, for four years, acted as mineralogist and geologist of the United States Exploring Expedition, commanded by Captain Charles Wilkes, in the Pacific Ocean. His labors in preparing the reports of his explorations occupied parts of thirteen years after his return to America in 1842. His notebooks from the four years of travel contained fifty sketches, maps, and diagrams, including views of both Mount Shasta and Castle Crags. Dana's sketch of Mount Shasta was engraved in 1849 for publication in the American Journal of Science and Arts (which Silliman had founded in 1818), along with a lengthy article based on Dana's 1841 geological notes. In the article he described in scientific terms the rocks, minerals, and geology of the Shasta region. As far as is known, his sketch of Mount Shasta became the second view of the mountain ever published.
In 1844 he again became a resident of New Haven, and married Professor Silliman's daughter, Henrietta Frances Silliman. In 1850, he was appointed as Silliman's successor, as Silliman Professor of Natural History and Geology in Yale College, a position which he held until 1892. In 1846 he became joint editor, and during the later years of his life was chief editor, of the American Journal of Science and Arts, to which he was a constant contributor, principally of articles on geology and mineralogy.
The 1849 publication of his geology of Mount Shasta was undoubtedly a response to the California gold rush publicity. Dana was the pre-eminent U.S. geologist of his time, and he also was one of the few trained observers anywhere who had first-hand knowledge of the northern California terrain. He had previously written that there was a likelihood that gold was to be found all along the route between the Umpqua River in Oregon and the Sacramento Valley. He was probably deluged with inquiries about the Shasta region, and was forced to publish in more detail some advice to the would-be gold miners.
He was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1854.
Dana was responsible for developing much of the early knowledge on Hawaiian volcanism. In 1880 and 1881 he led the first geological study of the volcanics of Hawaii island. Dana theorized that the volcanic chain consisted of two volcanic strands, dubbed the "Loa" and "Kea" trends. The Kea trend included Kīlauea, Mauna Kea, Kohala, Haleakala, and West Maui. The Loa trend includes Kamaʻehuakanaloa (formerly Lōihi), Mauna Loa, Hualālai, Kahoolawe, Lānai, and West Molokai.
Following another expedition by fellow geologist C. E. Dutton in 1884, Dana returned to the island once again and in 1890 he published a manuscript on the island that was the most detailed of its day, and would be the definitive source upon the island's volcanics for decades.
Dana was a beloved teacher of geology. According to Oliver C. Farrington, To SIT at the feet of Professor Dana and drink from the overflowing fountains of his knowledge, was a privilege which once enjoyed could never be forgotten. Some examples of his teaching style were given by Oliver C. Farrington
Dana died on April 14, 1895.
Family
Dana was married to Henrietta Silliman in 1844.
Their son, Edward Salisbury Dana (1849–1935), was also a distinguished mineralogist.
Publications
Dana's best known books were his
System of Mineralogy (1837)
Manual of Mineralogy (1848), and his Manual of Geology (1863). A bibliographical list of his writings shows 214 titles of books and papers, beginning in 1835 with a paper on the conditions of Vesuvius in 1834. His reports on Zoophytes, on the Geology of the Pacific Area, and on Crustacea, summarizing his work on the Wilkes Expedition, appeared from 1846 onwards. Other works included Manual of Mineralogy (1848), afterwards entitled Manual of Mineralogy and Lithology (ed. 4, 1887); and Corals and Coral Islands] (1872; revised ed. 1890). In 1887, Dana revisited the Hawaiian Islands, and the results of his further investigations were published in a quarto volume entitled Characteristics of Volcanoes (1890).
The Manual of Mineralogy by J. D. Dana became a standard college text, and has been continuously revised and updated by a succession of editors including W. E. Ford (13th-14th eds., 1912–1929), Cornelius S. Hurlbut (15th-21st eds., 1941–1999), and beginning with the 22nd by Cornelis Klein. The 23rd edition is now in print under the title Manual of Mineral Science (Manual of Mineralogy) (2007), revised by Cornelis Klein and Barbara Dutrow.
Dana's System of Mineralogy has also been revised, the 6th edition (1892) being edited by his son Edward Salisbury Dana. A 7th edition was published in 1944, and the 8th edition was published in 1997 under the title Dana's New Mineralogy, edited by R. V. Gaines et al.
Between 1856 and 1857, Dana published a number of manuscripts in an effort to reconcile scientific findings with the Bible. Among these, he wrote Science and the Bible: A Review of "The Six Days of Creation" of Prof. Tayler Lewis (1856), and Creation, Or, The Biblical Cosmogony in the Light of Modern Science (1885).
Awards and recognition
Dana was awarded the Copley Medal by the Royal Society in 1877, the Wollaston Medal by the Geological Society of London in 1874 and the Clarke Medal by the Royal Society of New South Wales in 1882. Dana was president of the Geological Society of America in 1890.
Named in honor of Dana
Dana Park in Albany, New York, with a fountain/monument in his honor
Mount Dana (and the nearby Dana Meadows) in the Sierra Nevada, California, US
Dorsa Dana (a wrinkle-ridge system) on the Moon
Danalite, a mineral.
Dana Passage in Puget Sound, US
Dana, a crater on Mars
The Dana Medal of the Mineralogical Society of America was named for Dana and his son Edward Salisbury Dana. It recognizes outstanding scientific contributions through research in the mineralogical sciences by an individual in the midst of their career.
The James Dwight Dana House in New Haven, Connecticut was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
The fossil horseshoe crab Euproops danae
See also
Howlite
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Dana's System of Mineralogy
:Category:Taxa named by James Dwight Dana
References
Additional sources
American Mineralogist, Vol. 21 (1936), 173–177.
*The Life of James Dwight Dana: Scientific Explorer, Mineralogist, Geologist, Zoologist, Professor in Yale University, Daniel Coit Gilman, Harper & Brothers Publishers, New York, 1899
Artikel James Dwight Dana in der Encyclopædia Britannica von 1911. Gemeinfrei.
David R. Oldroyd (1996): Thinking about the Earth, Harvard Press, ; dt.: Die Biographie der Erde. Zur Wissenschaftsgeschichte der Geologie, Frankfurt a.M., 1998.
Johannes Uray, Chemische Theorie und mineralogische Klassifikationssysteme von der chemischen Revolution bis zur Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts. In: Berhard Hubmann, Elmar Schübl, Johannes Seidl (eds.), Die Anfänge geologischer Forschung in Österreich. Beiträge zur Tagung „10 Jahre Arbeitsgruppe Geschichte der Erdwissenschaften Österreichs“ von 24. bis 26. April 2009 in Graz. Graz 2010, S 107–125.
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
American carcinologists
19th-century American geologists
American mineralogists
1813 births
1895 deaths
Recipients of the Copley Medal
Wollaston Medal winners
People of the United States Exploring Expedition
Corresponding members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Yale College alumni
Yale University faculty
People from Utica, New York
Scientists from New York (state)
19th-century American zoologists
Presidents of the Geological Society of America
Silliman family
Estádio Municipal General Sylvio Raulino de Oliveira, also known as Raulino de Oliveira, and as Estádio da Cidadania, is a football stadium. It was inaugurated on 14 March 1976 in Volta Redonda, Rio de Janeiro State, and has a maximum capacity of 20,255. The stadium is owned by the City Hall of Volta Redonda, and is the home ground of Volta Redonda Futebol Clube. Its formal name honors Raulino de Oliveira, former president of Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional, located in Volta Redonda.
History
The stadium was built in 1976. It was inaugurated on 14 March of that year. The stadium bleachers were originally a metallic structure, but in August 2001, the stadium reformation started, and the metallic structure was replaced by a masonry structure. This expanded the stadium maximum capacity from 15,000 to 21,000.
The inaugural match was played on 14 March 1976, when Volta Redonda beat Botafogo 3–2. The first goal of the stadium was scored by Volta Redonda's Mauro.
The stadium's attendance record currently stands at 25,000, set on 1 May 1977 when Flamengo beat Volta Redonda 1–0.
The stadium was also the home ground of Fluminense during the 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro, and of Flamengo and Fluminense for selected matches during the 2016 Campeonato Brasileiro.
References
Enciclopédia do Futebol Brasileiro, Volume 2 - Lance, Rio de Janeiro: Aretê Editorial S/A, 2001.
External links
Templos do Futebol
Raulino de Oliveira
Raul
Volta Redonda Futebol Clube
James David Haluska (October 9, 1932 – September 20, 2012) was an American football quarterback who played for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. Selected in the 30th and final round (354th overall pick) of the 1954 NFL draft, he played in five games in the 1956 season, where he completed one of four passes for a total of eight yards.
Early life
Nicknamed "Bombo" in his youth, he attended St. Catherine's High School (Racine, Wisconsin), Class of 1950, where he was named all-conference in football and basketball. Haluska launched his collegiate career at the University of Michigan, later transferring to the University of Wisconsin-Madison. With fellow Kenosha, Wisconsin native and 1954 Heisman Trophy winner Alan Ameche in his backfield at Wisconsin, Haluska led the Badgers to the 1952 Big Ten title and a spot in the 1953 Rose Bowl, which the Badgers lost to the University of Southern California, 7–0. Haluska set Wisconsin school records in the 1952 season for yards passing (1,552) and touchdowns (12).
Haluska represented Wisconsin in the 1955 Blue–Gray Football Classic and 1956 Senior Bowl. He also played in the 1956 Chicago Tribune College All-Star Game.
High school coaching career
As head coach at Don Bosco High School (later St. Thomas More High School) in Milwaukee, Haluska led the Cavaliers varsity football squad to its first Wisconsin Independent Schools Athletic Association (WISAA) state championship, defeating a team fielded by Fond du Lac St. Mary's Springs High School on November 13, 1976 at Titan Stadium in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. His high school teams won 12 conference championships and three WISAA state titles. He finished with a career record of 206-60-4 coaching at Milwaukee Don Bosco, Milwaukee Thomas More, Milwaukee Pius XI and Waukesha Catholic Memorial. His coaching legacy includes the "quick kick" on second down, "form tackling", the "sleeper "play", and the "double pass".
Haluska was inducted into the UW Athletic Department Hall of Fame in 2012 and was a 2001 inductee of the Wisconsin Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
Awards and honors
1995 Don Bosco High School Hall of Fame
1998 St. Catherine's High School Athletic Hall of Fame
2001 WFCA Hall of Fame
2011 St. Thomas More High School Athletic Hall of Fame
2012 UW Athletic Department Hall of Fame
2015 St. Thomas More High School creates "Coach Jim Haluska Wall of Champions"
2021 Racine County Sports Hall of Fame
References
1932 births
2012 deaths
Sportspeople from Racine, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
American football quarterbacks
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Chicago Bears players
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
American people of Slavic descent
Peter John Robertson (born 17 February 1976 in Melbourne) is an Olympic athlete from Australia, who competes in triathlon.
Robertson, who is also known as "Robbo", entered in his first triathlon at age 16 with his mates and became hooked on the sport. Robertson competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took thirty-fourth place with a total time of 1:51:39.04. He competed again four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics. This time, he placed twenty-fourth with a time of 1:55:44.36.
In 2005, racing in Gamagōri, Japan, Robertson won his 3rd ITU World Championship, and has also placed 2nd at the World Championships twice. The ITU World Championships is the second most competitive Olympic Distance Triathlon in the world, the first being the Olympics. He won the Australian Institute of Sport Athlete of the Year with Robin Bell in 2005.
In the 2006 Commonwealth Games Robertson took the bronze medal. Later in 2006 Robertson took sixth place in the ITU World Triathlon Championships, beating American Hunter Kemper by one second. Tim Don, who won the race, deprived Robertson of a record equaling fourth World Championships win.
References
sports-reference
1976 births
Living people
Australian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Australia
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Triathletes at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Australian Institute of Sport triathletes
Commonwealth Games medallists in triathlon
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Situka (A Call for Action) is a Ugandan feature film about two lovers: Amanio (Hellen Lukoma), an ambitious young woman with a passion for politics, who inspires her boyfriend Muganga (Bobi Wine), an industrious young daredevil, to stand up for justice in society.
Situka explores relevant social issues, inspiring young people to be more involved in their communities, rather than expecting the government to provide for them.
Synopsis
Muganga runs a prominent bar near the university. Admired by his peers, he struggles with his purpose and influence until his girlfriend Amanio's life is put at risk. Uganda's political and social services fail her, and Muganga is moved to fight for his love and his people.
Cast and characters
Bobi Wine as Muganga, an industrious young man and daredevil; Amanio's boyfriend, university graduate, and bar owner
Hellen Lukoma as Amanio, an ambitious young woman with a passion for politics; Muganga's girlfriend
Raymond Rushabiro as Kazungu
Michael Wawuyo as Muwaddada
Production
Production of Situka started in 2015 and in May of the same year, the movie was released at the National Theater, Kampala, with the producer and director Hannington Bugingo praising Bobi Wine as the best Ugandan actor. It was shot on location on Kalangala island district and Masese, Jinja district. Bobi Wine read through the movie script once on the first day of shooting. The film was produced with the support of youth advocacy NGO Twaweza, with the aim of spreading the message that youths should take action on issues that affect them.
See also
The Life (2012 Film)
Bala Bala Sese
References
External links
Situka - Uganda Film Festival (archived)
2015 films
Films shot in Uganda
Films set in Uganda
Films about music and musicians
2015 drama films
English-language Ugandan films
Ugandan drama films
2010s English-language films
Georgia competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent country for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
Alpine skiing
Men
Luge
Ski jumping
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
Winter
Nathan Raymond Quinn Haynes (born September 7, 1979) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder. His major league debut came with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on May 28, , and he has played all three spots in the outfield since debuting. His mother is Karen Haynes, father unknown, sister Kayla and two nieces
Biography
Haynes was drafted by the Oakland Athletics while his mother Karen Haynes stuck by his side in the 1st Round (32nd overall) of the amateur draft. On July 29, , he was traded with Jeff DaVanon and Elvin Nina to the Angels for Omar Olivares and Randy Velarde. After the season, Haynes became a minor league free agent and signed with the San Francisco Giants. Haynes played in only 8 games for the Giants minor league system over the next two years before becoming a free agent and re-signing with the Angels. He became the second former Gary SouthShore RailCats player to later land on a Major Leagues roster when he saw the field with the Los Angeles Angels in 2007. He played in 40 games for the Angels, hitting .267 with 1 RBI and 1 stolen base. His mother is Karen Haynes, father unknown, sister Kayla and two nieces.
On March 28, , Haynes was claimed off waivers by the Rays. On May 10, 2008, Haynes was designated for assignment. He retired from baseball after the 2008 season.
External links
MLB.com Player Profile
thebaseballcube.com
1979 births
Living people
Los Angeles Angels players
Tampa Bay Rays players
African-American baseball players
Baseball players from Oakland, California
Major League Baseball outfielders
Arizona League Athletics players
Southern Oregon Timberjacks players
Modesto A's players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Visalia Oaks players
Erie SeaWolves players
Arkansas Travelers players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Salt Lake Stingers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Arizona League Giants players
Gary SouthShore RailCats players
Salt Lake Bees players
Durham Bulls players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
In computational number theory, Evdokimov's algorithm, named after Sergei Evdokimov, is the asymptotically the fastest known algorithm for factorization of polynomials (until 2019). It can factorize a one-variable polynomial of degree over an explicitly given finite field of cardinality . Assuming the generalized Riemann hypothesis the algorithm runs in deterministic time (see Big O notation). This is an improvement of both Berlekamp's algorithm and Rónyai's algorithm in the sense that the first algorithm is polynomial for small characteristic of the field, whearas the second one is polynomial for small ; however, both of them are exponential if no restriction is made.
The factorization of a polynomial over a ground field is reduced to the case when has no multiple roots and is completely splitting
over (i.e. has distinct roots in ). In order to find a root of in this case, the algorithm deals with
polynomials not only over the ground field but also over a completely splitting semisimple algebra over (an example of such an algebra is given by , where ). The main problem here is to find efficiently a nonzero zero-divisor in the algebra. The GRH is used only to take roots in finite fields in polynomial time. Thus the Evdokimov algorithm, in fact, solves a polynomial equation over a finite field "by radicals" in quasipolynomial time, see Time complexity.
The analyses of Evdokimov's algorithm is closely related with some problems in the association scheme theory. With the help of this approach, it was proved
that if is a prime and has a ‘large' -smooth divisor , then a modification of the Evdokimov algorithm finds a nontrivial factor of the polynomial in deterministic time, assuming GRH and that .
References
Further reading
Computational number theory
Cyril François Roger Abiteboul (born 14 October 1977) is a French motor racing engineer and manager. From 2013 to 2014 he was the team principal of Caterham Formula One team, and was the managing director of the Renault F1 Team from 2014 to 2020.
Early and personal life
Abiteboul was educated at the Lycée Carnot and Lycée Chaptal high schools in Paris, and went on to study multidisciplinary engineering at Grenoble Institute of Technology.
Abiteboul has one tattoo, as a result of a lost bet with Daniel Ricciardo. It is a vintage Renault logo on his right calf with a stylized honey badger, Ricciardo's personal mascot.
Career
After graduating in 2001, Abiteboul joined Renault at Boulogne-Billancourt, looking after the Renault F1 website. He was made Business Development Manager for the Renault F1 team in 2007 and went on to become executive director of Renault Sport F1 in 2010.
He joined Caterham F1 Team in September 2012. He had previously worked with team partner Renault, where he was Deputy Managing Director of Renault Sport F1. On 8 November 2012, Abiteboul was appointed as team principal of Caterham, taking the place of Tony Fernandes.
In July 2014, after Abiteboul's departure from Caterham had been announced, Renault confirmed his return as managing director of Renault Sport F1. He left Renault as the racing team rebranded to Alpine in 2021.
In May 2021, Abiteboul joined Formula 2 engine supplier Mecachrome as their motorsport advisor.
References
1977 births
Living people
French automotive engineers
French motorsport people
Formula One engineers
Sportspeople from Paris
Renault people
French sports agents
Bardar is a large commune located 15 kilometres south-west of Chișinău, in Ialoveni District, Moldova. The sumptuous landscape of the region, amid scenic hills dressed in vineyards, orchards and forests gives the area an overwhelming beauty.
Notable people
Nicolae Grosu served as Member of the Moldovan Parliament (1917–1918)
Aurel David a well-known painter for the Eminescu tree
Vasile Iov pan flute musician
Petru Vutcărău director, actor, artistic director of "Mihai Eminescu" National Theater
Andrei Sava composer
Mihai Toderaşcu interpreter and composer
Angela Gonza reporter most known on PROTV Chisinau channel
Corina Ţepeş light musician
Nicolae Roşioru poet, director of "Local Time" newspaper
Petru Macovei director of the Independent Press Association
Monica Babuc Minister of Culture, Education and Research
Octavian Calmic Deputy Prime Minister, former Minister of Economy and Infrastructure
Valeriu Herţa graphic designer, member of the Union of Fine Artists
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
The Calico M960A is an American selective fully automatic submachine gun (SMG) based on the Calico M950 with the addition of an extending butt and a forward grip. It is chambered for the 9×19mm Luger which takes 50-round or 100-round helical magazine which fits on top of the rear of the receiver. The M960A was first produced in 1990, and its rate of fire is 750 rpm.
References
9mm Parabellum submachine guns
Roller-delayed blowback firearms
Submachine guns of the United States
Trial and research firearms of the United States
Officially named as "The Hits Tour" during 2014 (as in 2012–2013) and later renamed as "Deja Vu Tour" in 2015, is a series of concerts performed by Mexican artist Luis Miguel to perform a brand new setlist consisting of his earliest hits (80's and 90's) as well as his most recent hits included in productions such as México En La Piel (2004) and Luis Miguel (2010). Even though, in 2014 the USA Tour advertising mentioned it as "Tour 2014" and the Sudamerican advertising as "The Show" these were not the tour official names. Along with the tour start date (September 12, 2014) the single "Deja Vu" came out, it can be inferred that this is the reason why the tour was renamed as "Deja Vu".
History
This tour began in Las Vegas with four concerts as part of the celebration of the proclamation of independence of Mexico. He appeared in the following cities: Phoenix, San Diego, Inglewood and Oakland for a total of nine concerts in the United States. Then travels to Mexico to present themselves for first time in the "Palenque" of Guadalajara with four shows.
In October returns to Chile (Santiago and Viña del Mar), Argentina (Buenos Aires, Rosario, Córdoba, Mendoza, Tucumán and Posadas) and Paraguay for a total of 16 presentations. In January 2015 begins its season of concerts in Mexico.
Tour set list
(names taken from the official Staff list)
Tour dates
Cancelled shows
Awards and records
On October 25, 2014 he was named "distinguished guest" by the city of Buenos Aires; Certificate and gold medal for record of performances in Buenos Aires (1982–2014).
On September 11, 2015 is awarded by The Utah Office Of The Attorney General with a recognition plaque for his years of music.
Band
Acoustic & Electric guitar: Todd Robinson
Bass: Lalo Carrillo
Piano: Francisco Loyo
Keyboards & Programming: Salo Loyo
Drums: Victor Loyo
Percussion: Tommy Aros (2014)
Percussion: Armando Espinosa "Pinaca"
Saxophone: Jeff Nathanson
Trumpet: Ramón Flores
Trumpet: Peter Olstad (2014)
Trumpet: Brad Steinwehe
Trombone: Alejandro Carballo
Backing vocals: Kasia Sowinska (2014).
Backing vocals: Paula Peralta (2014–2015).
Notes
References
External links
Official site.
Luis Miguel concert tours
2014 concert tours
2015 concert tours
Sarfannguit Island (, ) is an island in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland.
Geography
The island is of elongated shape, separated from the mainland of Greenland by Sarfannguit Channel, a narrow waterway at the eastern promontory occupied by the Sarfannguit settlement. To the south, the island is bounded by the Ikertooq Fjord, widening considerably at its mouth at approximately , where it empties into Davis Strait. The channel is unusual in that it connects the head of the narrower Amerloq Fjord bounding the island from the north to the larger Ikertooq Fjord in the southeast.
Several smaller islands trail Sarfannguit Island in the west, on the coastline of Davis Strait, of which Maniitsorsuaq and Uummannaarsussuaq are the largest, while tiny Nipisat Island is host to ruins from the early settlement. The island is hilly, with the highest point reaching . In the past, the coastal region was dotted with several small villages, all of which are now abandoned.
References
Davis Strait
Islands of Greenland
Demeaco D'Vaughn Duhaney (born 13 October 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays for Turkish club İstanbulspor, on loan from Stoke City, as a right back.
Duhaney began his career at Manchester City before signing for Huddersfield Town in 2019, and spent time on loan at Boston United. He has represented England at under-20 youth international level.
Club career
Manchester City
Duhaney is from Fallowfield in Manchester, and joined the Manchester City academy at the age of five. He played regularly for the side that reached the 2017 FA Youth Cup Final, as well as featuring consistently in the UEFA Youth League and Premier League 2 for City's Under-23 side. He made three appearances for the club's under-21 side in the EFL Trophy during the 2017–18 season.
Huddersfield Town
On 17 August 2018, he joined Premier League club Huddersfield Town on a free transfer, agreeing a deal until June 2020. Due to the suspension of regular right-back Tommy Smith, Duhaney made his senior début on 26 February 2019, in a home Premier League victory against Wolverhampton Wanderers. He was substituted at half-time due to potential injury problems, and his performance in the game was praised by manager Jan Siewert.
He joined National League North side Boston United on loan in October 2019, but was recalled in December 2019, after playing seven matches.
Duhaney made six first-team appearances for Huddersfield Town in 2019, including four starts. Huddersfield triggered a one-year contract extension for Duhaney at the end of the 2019–20 season.
He was released by Huddersfield at the end of the 2020–21 season.
Stoke City
In August 2021 he signed a short-term contract with Stoke City until January 2022 following a successful trial period. Duhaney signed a new 18-month contract with Stoke in January 2022.
On 9 September 2022, Duhaney joined Turkish side İstanbulspor on loan for the remainder of the 2022–23 season.
International career
Duhaney appeared on the bench for England Under-18s once, and made two appearances for the under-20 side while with Manchester City, playing in the 2017–18 Under 20 Elite League.
Career statistics
References
1998 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Manchester
Manchester City F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
İstanbulspor footballers
Premier League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football fullbacks
England youth international footballers
Black British sportspeople
English expatriate footballers
English expatriates in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Pangio is a genus of small Asian freshwater fish in the true loach family Cobitidae. In earlier taxonomic schemes it was known as Acanthophthalmus. The "kuhli loach" is well-known in the aquarium trade and commonly identified as P. kuhlii, but most individuals actually appear to be P. semicincta.
The type species is Cobitis cinnamomea McClelland 1839, now known as Pangio pangia.
These fish are best represented in Southeast Asia where all but five of the species live, including the Greater Sunda Islands with sixteen species. The five species found outside Southeast Asia are from India and Myanmar. They inhabit a wide range of mostly calm waters such as streams, swamps (often peat swamps) and backwaters, but there are also species in fast-flowing waters, and one, P. bhujia, lives underground.
Species
There are currently 33 recognized species in this genus:
Pangio agma (M. E. Burridge, 1992)
Pangio alcoides Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio alternans Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio ammophila Britz, Anvar Ali & Raghavan, 2012
Pangio anguillaris (Vaillant, 1902)
Pangio apoda Britz & Maclaine, 2007
Pangio atactos H. H. Tan & Kottelat, 2009
Pangio bhujia Anoop et al., 2019
Pangio pathala Sundar, Remya L; Arjun, C.P.; Sidharthan, Arya; Dahanukar, Neelesh; Raghavan, Rajeev
Pangio bitaimac H. H. Tan & Kottelat, 2009
Pangio cuneovirgata (Raut, 1957)
Pangio doriae (Perugia, 1892)
Pangio elongata Britz & Maclaine, 2007
Pangio filinaris Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio fusca (Blyth, 1860)
Pangio goaensis (Tilak, 1972) (Indian coolie-loach)
Pangio incognito Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio kuhlii (Valenciennes, 1846) (Kuhli loach, coolie loach)
Pangio lidi Hadiaty & Kottelat, 2009
Pangio longimanus Britz & Kottelat, 2010
Pangio lumbriciformis Britz & Maclaine, 2007
Pangio malayana (Tweedie, 1956)
Pangio mariarum (Inger & P. K. Chin, 1962)
Pangio muraeniformis (de Beaufort, 1933)
Pangio myersi (Harry, 1949)
Pangio oblonga (Valenciennes, 1846) (Java loach)
Pangio pangia (F. Hamilton, 1822)
Pangio piperata Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio pulla Kottelat & K. K. P. Lim, 1993
Pangio robiginosa (Raut, 1957)
Pangio semicincta (Fraser-Brunner, 1940)
Pangio shelfordii (Popta, 1903) (Borneo loach)
Pangio signicauda Britz & Maclaine, 2007
Pangio superba (T. R. Roberts, 1989)
References
Cobitidae
Taxa named by Edward Blyth
Qingdao Tram is a tram system operating in Chengyang District, Qingdao, China. It was first launched in 2016. The Qingdao Public Transport Group Rail Bus Co., Ltd. is responsible for its operation and management.
History
In the 1920s, the Qingdao Municipal Government (QMG) planned to build a tramway system to replace some of the existing buses. From 1938 to 1940, Kao Electric Co., Ltd. cooperated with the QMG and set up a "tram preparation office", planning to construct the tramway system together. However, the project wasn't succeeded because of the consequent lack of friction between tramway tracks and wheels due to the steep terrain in Qingdao.
In April 2013, Qingdao planned a north-south tram line in length of about , which was later changed into an east–west line in Chengyang District due to the road conditions. As the first tramway system construction project in the EPC (Design-Procurement-Construction) mode in China, the project was completed in 2014 on the 15th of December. From December 17, for the community it was carried out the collection of vehicle signs, body colour, and station name views of the activities. On the morning of 28 December no-load test run was carried out, then continue to line, vehicle, and signal system of the technical parameters of the test and adjustment, driving, crew business practice.
In June 2015, the project was announced by the China Transportation Enterprises Committee as "2015 annual transport enterprises low-carbon energy-saving environmental protection outstanding project." In October, the vehicle field centre machine room axis shaft equipment debugging done, and with the line turnout control area joint test have done. On 18 December, more than 40 representatives of the public were invited to try out the tram.
In January 2016, it was scheduled to carry out tricycle test operation review. On 5 February, the public was allowed to ride the tram as part of a free trial experience without needing a ticket. On 24 February, tricycle third expert review has done. On March 5, it began a formal passenger test operation. On 8 November, the first seven cars on the line, full line with the car were in place.
Tram route and stops
1 – Chengyang Wholesale Market to Qianwangtuan
The tram route has a total length of , all for the ground line. Line and the west side of the road with a shared road right, about , the rest of the road are semi-closed road right, that is, the interval between the exclusive right and the intersection of road right. There are seven hybrid substations, double insulated elastic suspension mesh, the rated voltage is 750 volts DC.
The stops are - Qianwangtuan station, Tianwang Road station, Shuiku Park station, Huicheng Road Station, Qingwei Road station, Guocheng Road station, Chuncheng Road station, Changcheng Road station, Agricultural University station, Mingyang Road station, Zhengyang Road station, Chengyang Wholesale Market station, a total of 12 stops, of which Agricultural University is an interchange station with Line 1 (Qingdao Metro). The route will be extended to the west to Chengyang railway station.
Practical information
Total length -
Opened - 5 March 2016
Number of Stops - 12
Number of routes - 1
Gauge - Standard Gauge
Fleet
The tram is a Škoda 15 T produced by CRRC Qingdao Sifang. The vehicle body is wide, and long. The trams have a modular design with streamlined ends and a maximum running speed of . Vehicles are bi-directional and have 3 articulated sections with a total of 6 doors per side of each vehicle. The total passenger volume of each tram is over 300 people. The trams are low-floor, with the car floor above the ground.
Depots
The system set up a depot – Qianwangtuan depot, which covers an area of and is located in the eastern end of the line at Chunyang Road and at the northwest corner of Fenghuangshan Road junction. The depot could bear the early arrival of the vehicle with the annual inspection, weekly inspection, check, parking, and daily maintenance and so on. One or two repair work was commissioned by the vehicle manufacturers to complete the Quartet.
Alignment and interchanges
The modern tram routes completely run on reserved grass-bed track at middle of the road.
Ride and ticketing system
The tram system uses a manual scheduling management model. Each tram is assigned one driver and three crew members, all of whom are under 35 years old and have at least two years of experience. Passengers pay upon boarding, either with coins or by swiping a card. The one-way fare is 2 yuan.
Projects
See also
Qingdao Metro
External links
Qingdao
Transport in Qingdao
An African American and Latinx History of the United States is a book by Paul Ortiz published in 2018 by Beacon Press in its ReVisioning American History series. Ortiz writes in the introduction:
Among the topics examined in the eight chapters of the book are the Haitian Revolution, the Mexican War of Independence, and racial capitalism. With the title of the book's Epilogue Ortiz calls for "a new origin narrative of American history."
For this book the author was awarded the 2018 PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award.
Reviews
In a review by Antoinette Rochester and Tina L. Heafner in Curriculum and Teaching Dialogue, published by Information Age Publishing, the book was described as "a compelling, in-depth analysis that investigates and expounds on portions of U.S. history that are either briefly touched upon or disregarded." The reviewers found that the book "successfully bridges the gap between the African American and Latinx experience within the United States while also revealing the importance of incorporating the Mexican American and Latin American movements alongside the U.S. Civil Rights movement without dismissing one for the other."
Sandra I. Enríquez reviewing the book in Journal of American Ethnic History, published by University of Illinois Press on behalf of the Immigration & Ethnic History Society, wrote, "Rather than writing a traditional, patriotic, and triumphant history of the United States, Ortiz creates a dialogue between the histories of blacks and Latinxs, as well as their diasporas, and rightly places these experiences at the core of the country's past. The author dismantles assumptions of American exceptionalism and isolationism by demonstrating connections and intersections of freedom struggles across the Global South and the United States."
Michael C. Miller reviewing the book in the Library Journal wrote, "By combing through hundreds of publications created by Native, African, and Latin Americans as well oral histories, Ortiz is able to paint a picture of this country's history that differs greatly from the traditional narrative. He presents the past not as an 'exceptional' story of democracy but part of the larger Global South (Latin America, Caribbean, and Africa) fight against imperialism." The reviewer concluded: "A must-read for those who want a deeper perspective than is offered in the traditional history textbook."
In The American Historical Review Perla M. Guerrero wrote, "Ortiz offers a multifaceted narrative of the struggles people have faced and the freedoms they have achieved through blood, sweat, and organizing. He anchors his analysis in the black radical tradition, racial capitalism, and settler colonialism."
A review in Publishers Weekly stated, "While each chapter is insightful, lucidly written, and extensively researched, the book reads more like a series of articles than a cohesive monograph. Ortiz's work has much to offer, but does not fulfill the promise of its title," while Kirkus Reviews described the book as "A sleek, vital history that effectively shows how, 'from the outset, inequality was enforced with the whip, the gun, and the United States Constitution.'"
References
2018 non-fiction books
Beacon Press books
English-language books
American history books
Multiculturalism in the United States
PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award winners
Ektara (, , , , , ; literally 'one-string', also called actara, iktar, ektar, yaktaro, gopichand, gopichant, golki , gopijiantra, tun tuna) is a one-stringed musical instrument used in the traditional music of South Asia, and used in modern-day music of Bangladesh, India, and Pakistan.
Two-stringed versions are called dotara (two string), a name which also applies to other instruments.
In origin the ektara was a regular string instrument of wandering bards and minstrels from India and is plucked with one finger. The ektara is a drone lute consisting of a gourd resonator covered with skin, through which a bamboo neck is inserted. It is used in parts of India and Nepal today by Yogis and wandering holy men to accompany their singing and prayers. In Nepal, the instrument accompanies the singing of the Ramayana and Mahabharata.
Three different instruments used in modern India and not necessarily related have all been called Ektara. One form resembles a lute. To make that version, a bamboo stick (90 cm long) is inserted through the side of a wooden bowl (called a "tumbo") and the top of the bowl is covered with deerskin. The instrument has a single string running from a peg at the top, down the length of the stick-neck, across a bridge on the deerhide soundboard, and is tied at the "spike" where the stick pokes through the bowl. The instrument's string is plucked with the musician's index fingernail.
A second instrument (the gopichanta) uses a drum-like body, a one-piece bamboo neck consisting of a pegbox and two laths formed out of a carved section of hollow bamboo with a wooden peg on the side of the pegbox at the upper end, and a skin soundboard with a string attached in the centre. The two bamboo laths are attached to the side of the drum shell and the string goes from the soundboard to a peg at the end of the neck where the laths join the pegbox. This version of the instrument may be played either by plucking the string or by tapping the drumhead. Squeezing and releasing the bamboo laths changes the tension of the string and bends the pitch down and back up. This form is associated with the Bauls of West Bengal, as well as the Tharu people of Udayapur District, Nepal.
A third instrument sometimes called ektara, also called the tuṇtuṇe consists of a drum with a stick attached along the outer wall. A string runs from a hole in the drumhead to the power in the end of the stick. It is played to accompany song, held under the left arm, "tuned to the tonic" and played for rhythm and as a drone. This is an instrument of a of Western India, used by "Hindu Sadhus and Islamic Sufi saints" and by Bhil, Kukna and Warli tribes.
Performance
Grove Music Online describes the playing of an ektara thus: "The ektārā player holds his instrument upright, gripping the neck just above the resonator and plucking the playing string or strings with the index finger of the same hand. If he is dancing, he supports the gourd resonator with his other hand, in which he carries clusters of small bells which sound as he beats his hand against the gourd." Pressing the two halves of the neck together loosens the string, thus lowering its pitch. The modulation of the tone with each slight flexing of the neck gives the ektara its distinctive sound. There are no markings or measurements to indicate what pressure will produce what note, so the pressure is adjusted by ear. The various sizes of ektara are soprano, tenor, and bass. The bass ektara, sometimes called a dotara often has two strings (as literally implied by do, 'two').
Use
The ektara is a common instrument in Baul music from Bengal. Some controversy has arisen in recent years over the adoption and alleged corruption of Baul music by popular bands and films in Bengal. It has become common to mix traditional instruments like the ektara with more modern sounds in an attempt to appeal to a wide audience, which according to Purna Das Baul is "destroying the true beauty" of Baul music.
Kirtan chanting
The ektara is commonly used in kirtan chanting, a Hindu devotional practice of singing the divine names and mantras in an ecstatic call and response format. The Ektara is used by Sadhus, or wandering holy men and for Sufi chanting, as well as by the Bauls of Bengal.
The use of a stringed drone instrument to accompany the voice in religious settings can be documented in images as far back as the 4th-5th century, when a singer was painted in the Ajanta Caves. He was singing or chanting to Indra, and was accompanied by a one-stringed zither that is structurally the same as the alapini vina.
Gallery
See also
Tumbi (Punjabi musical instrument)
Kendara
References
Monochords
Musical bows
Plucked membranophones
Indian musical instruments
Bangladeshi musical instruments
Punjabi words and phrases
Bengali words and phrases
Folk instruments of Punjab
Hindustani musical instruments
Sufi music
Stringed instruments of Nepal
Lute family instruments
Fazal Haq Mujahid (; 1954–1997) was a military and political leader in Afghanistan against the Soviet Union. An active military and political involvement earned him a respected role in the country diverse political spectrum,but was very soon assassinated by unknown gunmen in late 1990s. He was considered to be one of the very few undisputed political leaders who fought the USSR invasion and wanted to carry the victory by establishing or helping to establish a government to solve the political crisis. Because of his efforts, Nangarhar saw an early and balanced administration amid the disagreeable and severe political situations in the country.
Early life
Mujahid was born in 1954 to a highly respected family of Akhunzadgan, his father being Noorulhaq from Rodat district of Nangarhar province. In the 1960s, he earned his basic education at a local school in HisarShahi Village and then went for further education to the city of Lashkargah in Helmand province where he got admission in Agriculture College after completing his Bacaluria. In early 1970s, Mujahid has been admitted in the faculty of Agriculture at Kabul University. There he joined the opposition organization and Central Executive Committee of Hezbi Islami Afghanistan.
Hezbi Islami career
Along the years, Mujahid took various postion within the Hezbi Islami party : Deputy chairman of Provincial Affairs Commission of the party, Chairman of Financial Affairs of the party, Chief Mediator of party on some occasions for within party problems and problem with other factions, Commander of Zafar Brigade, Amir of Nangarhar Province, Chairman of Party's Eastern Zone Council (Nangarhar, Laghman, Kunar, Nuristan), few times acting Amir of the Hezbi Islami, One of the Five Members of Nangarhar Shoora Supreme Council, Chairman of Eastern Zone Military Council of Eastern Council and Head of Nangarhar Garrison and once Interior Minister of Afghanistan. He was considered one of the few military commanders and political figures who were not under the direct influence of neighboring country's intelligence agency. He was also one of the few non-controversial war figures of Afghan's war history with USSR.
Relation with Sudanese government
Mujahid was considered to be one of the strongest Political and Military commander of Afghanistan. In very short time he established a strong relation with Sudan's Government. He visited Sudan few times to meet President Omar al-Bashir on various political issues. During his stay in Khartoum, he also met then-Sudanese President close ally Hassan Al-Turabi. The dates of his visit are not clear but the available data shows that he visited Khartoum in late 1993s.
Assassination
Mujahid was assassinated on 31 May 1997 in the town of Hayatabad, Peshawar, the city of KPK, while returning from prayers. He was shot along with another companion, both were dead on the site. His dead body was later transferred to his ancestral graveyard. His assassination remains an enigma, the shooters are unknown to date, many claims that he was assassinated by foreigner intelligence but till date, his killers are a mystery.
References
1954 births
1997 deaths
People from Nangarhar Province
Mujahideen members of the Soviet–Afghan War
Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin politicians
Afghan expatriates in Pakistan
Afghan politicians
BES or Bes may refer to:
Bes, Egyptian deity
Bes (coin), Roman coin denomination
Bes (Marvel Comics), fictional character loosely based on the Egyptian deity
Acronyms
Bachelor of Environmental Studies, a degree
Banco Espírito Santo, a Portuguese banking group
Beryllium sulfide, formula BeS
BES islands, the three Caribbean islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba that became special municipalities of the Netherlands after dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles
BES III, the Beijing Spectrometer III is a particle physics experiment at the Beijing Institute of High Energy Physics (IHEP).
Bioelectrochemical system, system capable of converting chemical energy into electrical energy while employing microbes as catalysts
BlackBerry Enterprise Server, the middleware software package that connects to messaging and collaboration software
Brest Bretagne Airport, France (by IATA airport code)
Bloodstream expression site, used for exchanging variant surface glycoproteins when in host's blood stream
Bridgnorth Endowed School
British Ecological Society, a professional society for ecologists
British Economical Society, Ltd.
Brockworth Enterprise School
People
Cristina Bes Ginesta (born 1977), Catalan ski mountaineer
Film Festival #1 is an adventure published by Event Horizon Productions in 1997 for the action-adventure role-playing game Hong Kong Action Theatre!
Description
Film Festival #1 is a 120-page perfect-bound softcover book containing 15 adventures for the Hong Kong Action Theatre! role-playing game. The adventures were written by Gareth-Michael Skarka, John R. Phythyon Jr., David Brandon Sturm, Matt Harrop, and Aaron Rosenberg, and are evenly divided between Hong Kong Action Theatre!s three genres: Gunplay, Martial Arts, and Bizarre Fantasy.
Gunplay
"Two Fisted Justice"
"To Catch a Thief"
"Last Chance"
"Full Auto"
"Dead On Arrival"
Martial arts
"Five Fists of Kung Fu"
"Five Fists of Kung Fu II: Martial Fury"
"Police Target"
"Deadly Relations"
"The Beat"
Bizarre fantasies
"Son of the Dragon II: Dragonfist"
"Magic Hunter"
"Dragonknights"
"The Mighty Heroes"
"Ghost Ship"
The book also includes a movie title generator.
Reception
In the February 1998 edition of Dragon (Issue #244), Rick Swan acknowledged he was already a fan of the Hong Kong Action Theatre! RPG, and thought Film Festival 1 "presents 15 top-notch adventures." Swan's favorites were "Five Fists of Kung Fu", and "Magic Hunter".
References
Role-playing game adventures
Abu Musa Utamish () (died June 6, 863) was a Turkic military officer of the Abbasid Caliphate. He played an important role in the first years of the period known as the Anarchy at Samarra, during which he rapidly became one of the most powerful officials in the government. He was appointed as vizier upon the caliph al-Musta'in's ascension in 862, but was assassinated after approximately a year in office.
Biography
Utamish was born in Iraq, the son of a man named Khatrakin; he may also have been a nephew of Bugha al-Kabir. He appears during the reign of al-Wathiq (r. 842–847) as one of the caliph's ghilman. At some point he was attached to the service of al-Muntasir, the eldest son and heir of al-Mutawakkil (r. 847–861). Utamish eventually established a strong relationship with the young prince, and was known as "sahib al-Muntasir."
According to al-Mas'udi, Utamish was instrumental in al-Muntasir's attempts to win over the loyalty of the Turks in the army, a move which caused hostility between al-Mutawakkil and al-Muntasir. Al-Ya'qubi states that Utamish was one of the officers who assassinated al-Mutawakkil in December 861, although this is not verified by other accounts of the incident. In any case, al-Mutawwakil's killing resulted in al-Muntasir becoming caliph; during his short reign (861–862), Utamish and the vizier Ahmad ibn al-Khasib were among the most prominent men in his government.
Following al-Muntasir's death in June 862, Utamish and the officers Bugha al-Kabir and Bugha al-Sharabi met to select a new caliph, eventually deciding on al-Musta'in (r. 862–866), a grandson of al-Mu'tasim. Utamish seems to have held a strong influence on al-Musta'in and became one of the most powerful individuals in the new administration; he was appointed as vizier and given control over the treasury, and additionally received the governorships of Egypt and the Maghrib. Al-Musta'in further entrusted him with the supervision of his son al-'Abbas.
Over the course of the first year of al-Musta'in's reign, Utamish enjoyed full control over the caliph and his affairs; in the opinion of the historian Dominique Sourdel, he was "un véritable régent de l'empire." As vizier, he seems to have managed little of the day-to-day administration, leaving his secretary Shuja' ibn al-Qasim to handle it instead. Utamish and Shuja' seem to have initially shared power with Ahmad ibn al-Khasib, until the latter was exiled in July 862.
Utamish's dominance over the government soon caused him to make enemies in the army and bureaucracy. He and several other officials stole from the treasury, which caused discontent among the poorly-paid mawlas. Utamish also excluded the influential officers Bugha al-Sharabi and Wasif al-Turki from power, and the two retaliated by plotting his downfall. On June 4, 863, the Turks and Faraghina marched out from their cantonments in Samarra and advanced toward the Jawsaq Palace against Utamish. The vizier attempted to seek refuge with al-Musta'in but was refused; two days later, the troops entered the palace and seized Utamish. He and Shuja' were killed and Utamish's residence was plundered.
Notes
References
863 deaths
Viziers of the Abbasid Caliphate
Year of birth unknown
9th-century Turkic people
Abbasid ghilman
9th-century executions by the Abbasid Caliphate
The 195th Army Division ()(2nd Formation) was created in December 1969 basing on the 4th Engineer District, Engineer Troops of Beijing Military Region.
The division was part of 65th Army Corps. By then the division was composed of:
583rd Infantry Regiment;
584th Infantry Regiment;
585th Infantry Regiment;
Artillery Regiment.
The division was disbanded in 1985 and re-organized as Tank Brigade, 65th Army. In 1998 it renamed as Armored Brigade, 65th Army. In 2003 the brigade was disbanded and replaced by 1st Armored Division.
References
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革，http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
Infantry divisions of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1969
Military units and formations disestablished in 1985
The Mersey Docks and Harbour Company (MDHC), formerly the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board (MDHB), owns and administers the dock facilities of the Port of Liverpool, on the River Mersey, England. These include the operation of the enclosed northern dock system that runs from Prince's Dock to Seaforth Dock, in the city of Liverpool and the dock facilities built around the Great Float of the Wirral Peninsula, located on the west side of the river.
Peel Ports, the MDHC's parent company, owns other maritime facilities in the area, including the Cammell Laird shipyard, Tranmere Oil Terminal and the Manchester Ship Canal.
History
Liverpool Common Council's Dock Committee was the original port authority.
In 1709 it had been authorised to construct Liverpool's first enclosed ship basin, the Old Dock, which was the world's first commercial wet dock.
By 1750 the old Dock Committee was replaced by the Liverpool Dock Trustees.
In order to provide stone for the construction of the expanded dock system, from 1830 the trustees (and later the MDHB) operated large quarries at Creetown, Scotland.
The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board took over running of Liverpool's docks from the trustees in 1858. The need for Liverpool Corporation to divest its dock interests to a new public body was as a result of pressure from Parliament, dock merchants and some rival port operators.
At one point the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board railway totalled 104 miles (166 km) of line, with connections to many other railways. A section of the line ran, unsegregated from other road traffic, along the dock road. Today only the Canada Dock Branch is used.
In 1972 the Board was reconstituted as a company to allow it to raise money for new building initiatives and projects, including the new container dock at Seaforth. Four lightvessels in the approaches to the River Mersey were maintained by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board until 1973.
The company operated a private lifeboat station that was involved in a number of incidents over the years.
Management
The MDHC was accused of "macho management" by the Financial Times regarding its treatment of some its staff in the 1990s, which resulted in Liverpool Dockers' Strike.
On 22 September 2005 MDHC was acquired by Peel Ports, part of the property and transport group Peel Group, which owns a minority stake in Liverpool John Lennon Airport.
Facilities
Cammell Laird Dock is a dock at Birkenhead, on the Wirral Peninsula. It exits directly onto the River Mersey.
The dock was built as part of an expansion of the Cammell Laird shipyard at the turn of the 20th century by enclosing what was once Tranmere Pool.
Following the closure of the original Cammell Laird shipyard in 1993, the dock and the four remaining dry docks at the site are owned by the MDHC. All were subsequently leased, firstly to the A&P Group and then to Northwestern Shiprepairers & Shipbuilders, which officially renamed itself Cammell Laird Shiprepairers and Shipbuilders Ltd on 17 November 2008.
See also
Port of Liverpool
Associated British Ports
Peninsular and Oriental group
PD Ports
References
External links
Peel Ports: Port of Liverpool
Mersey docks
Transport in Liverpool
Companies based in Liverpool
Transport operators of England
Companies formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange
Port operating companies
Peel Ports
1709 establishments in England
Organizations established in 1709
British companies established in 1709
Transport companies established in 1709
The following poll makes up the 1974 NCAA Division I baseball rankings. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961.
Collegiate Baseball
Currently, only the final poll from the 1974 season is available.
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
Valley Mill is a children's day summer camp and kayaking school in Germantown, Maryland. It is accredited by the American Camp Association.
History
Valley Mill Camp for Girls started in Colesville, Maryland in 1956 by Robert "Mr. Mac" McEwan and May "Skipper" McEwan, and then moved to Darnestown in 1973. Many world-class paddlers have attended the camp.
Activities
Boys Side
offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, soccer, basketball, rock climbing, outdoor education, gymnastics, archery, air riflery.
Girls Side
Offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, rock climbing, outdoor education, gymnastics, archery, air riflery, arts and crafts, drama, and horseback riding.
Junior Camp (4 and 5 years old)
Offers activities such as kayaking, canoeing, swimming lessons, outdoor education, gymnastics, arts and crafts, drama, and horseback riding.
Adventure Camp
Off site trips that include kayaking, hiking, rock climbing, canoeing, and leadership
References
External links
Valley Mill Website
Education in Maryland
Summer camps in Maryland
1956 establishments in Maryland
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Maryland
Germantown, Maryland
Curt Bader (born January 5, 1961, in Bloomfield, Iowa) is an American sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Eight years later in Atlanta, Bader was eliminated in the semifinals of the same event.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1961 births
American male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of the United States
People from Bloomfield, Iowa
Antonio Esteller (born 27 April 1955) is a Spanish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
Reginald ("Reg") Plummer (born August 6, 1953 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a field hockey player from Canada.
Plummer participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1976 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team, just like the team did in Los Angeles, California (1984). Plummer later became the president of the Canadian Field Hockey Association.
Reg Plummer is active in field hockey in Ottawa, Canada as a club coach with Outaouais Field hockey club, high school coach with Merivale High School and as a player on both club tournament teams and with the travelling Masters/Veterans international club The Fighting Haddocks.
International senior competitions
1976 – Olympic Games, Montreal (10th)
1984 – Olympic Games, Los Angeles (10th)
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
External links
1953 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Field hockey players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Sportspeople from Greater Sudbury
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1975 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1979 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1979 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
The black-chinned weaver (Ploceus nigrimentus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in the Bailundu Highlands of western Angola, on the Batéké Plateau in Republic of the Congo, and in eastern Gabon.
References
External links
Black-chinned weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Ploceus
Birds of Central Africa
Birds described in 1904
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Santo Niño de Cebú is a Roman Catholic title of the Child Jesus associated with a religious image of the Christ Child widely venerated as miraculous by Filipino Catholics. It is the oldest Christian artifact in the Philippines, originally a gift from explorer Ferdinand Magellan to Rajah Humabon (baptized as Carlos) and his wife and chief consort, Reyna Humamay (baptized as Juana) on account of their Christian baptism in 1521.
The dark wood statue measures approximately twelve inches tall, and carved in the Flemish style. It depicts the Child Jesus, with a serene countenance, in the attitude and dress of a Spanish monarch. The statue bears imperial regalia, including a golden crown, globus cruciger, and various sceptres, wears fine vestments, and possesses jewelry mostly offered by devotees over several centuries.
Pope Paul VI granted a decree of Canonical Coronation titled Cunabula Religionis granted on 27 February 1964 which the coronation was executed on 28 April 1965. The same Pontiff later raised its shrine to the status of Minor Basilica on 2 May 1965 via his Papal bull Ut Clarificetur to mark the fourth centenary of Christianity in the Philippine Islands.
The image is replicated in various parts of the country with different titles and is one of the most beloved and recognizable Filipino cultural icons. The annual dancing feast of Sinulog is held on 16 January every year in its honor. Today, the original image is permanently encased behind bulletproof glass inside its chapel within the Basilica del Santo Niño.
History
The Santo Niño de Cebú was originally produced by Flemish artisans, according to a hagiography, based on a vision of Teresa of Ávila, the 16th century Discalced Carmelite mystic.
In early 1521, a Spanish expedition ordered by King Charles V and led by Ferdinand Magellan was on a voyage from Spain to find a westward route to the Spice Islands. After crossing the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in April 7, 1521, they landed in Limasawa, Southern Leyte, and met a local ruler named Raja Kulambu, who introduced him to Rajah Humabon, ruler of Cebu Island, and his chief consort, Hara Humamay. On April 14, 1521, Magellan presented them with three gifts: a bust of Christ as the Ecce Homo, an image of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Santo Niño as part of their baptism and strategic alliance. As Humabon adopted the Catholic faith, he took the Christian name of "Carlos" (after Charles V), while Humamay was christened "Juana" (after Joanna of Castile, Charles' mother). According to Antonio Pigafetta – Magellan's memoir writer, along with the ruler, about 500 males along with the Queen and 40 women were also converted by Father Valderrama. At the ceremony, Raja Kulambu of Limawasa also converted and was given the name Don "Juan", while his Muslim captain was named Don "Cristobal".
A few days after the mass baptism, Magellan undertook a war expedition on the behalf of the newly named King Carlos, attacking Mactan Island and burning down hamlets which resisted. The residents led by Lapu Lapu defended Magellan's attack with force, and Magellan died on 27 April 1521 in the Battle of Mactan, about three weeks after he had arrived in the Philippines. After Magellan's death, his Spanish colleagues left.
The next Spanish expedition arrived on April 27, 1565, again to gain a foothold for a colony to trade spices, and this was led by Miguel López de Legazpi. He attempted a peaceful colonization, but these efforts were rejected. He opened fire on Cebu and burnt the coastal town down destroying 1500 homes and possibly killing 500 people. In the ruins of this destruction, the Spanish mariner Juan Camus found the image of the Santo Niño in a pine box. According to the local legend, the survival of the statue was seen as a sign of miracle by the colonizers, and ever since it has been believed to have miraculous powers.
The image of the Santo Niño is the oldest surviving Catholic relic in the Philippines, along with the Magellan's Cross. A church to house Santo Niño was built on the spot where the image was found by Juan Camus. The church was originally made of bamboo and mangrove palm and claims to be the oldest parish in the Philippines. It was rebuilt later, and Pope Paul VI elevated it to the status of Minor Basilica on its 400th anniversary (Spanish: Basílica Menor del Santo Niño).
Feast
The feast, locally known as Fiesta Señor, starts on the Thursday after the Solemnity of the Epiphany. Each year, the celebration starts with a dawn procession wherein the replica image of Santo Niño de Cebú is brought down to the streets. It is then followed by the novena Masses, which span nine days.
On the last day of the novena, another dawn procession is held wherein the image of Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Cebú is removed from its shrine and brought to the Basílica Menor. After the procession, it will stay for a while in the Basilica. Then, the images of Santo Niño de Cebu and Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Cebú are brought to the National Shrine of St. Joseph in Mandaue City to be reunited with the icon of the church's namesake, thus forming the Holy Family. This transfer, which is common in fiestas throughout the country, is called Traslación.
On the morning of the vísperas ("eve", i.e., the day before) of the feast, the images of Santo Niño de Cebu and Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Cebú are brought back to Cebu City in a fluvial procession that concludes with a reenactment of the first Mass and baptism in the islands. It is then followed by a grand yet solemn foot procession in the afternoon, culminating in a Pontifical Mass concelebrated by bishops and priests. The grand Sinulog Festival is then held on the following Sunday.
The Hubo rite
The festival officially ends on the Friday after the icon's feast day, and it is marked with the traditional Hubo (Cebuano, "undress") rite. During a Mass, the basilica's priests and sacristans ceremoniously and reverently strip the Santo Niño of its festal vestments and regalia.
There is a strict order of divesting the icon: first the crown is removed, followed by the orb and sceptre; then the cape; then the sash and tunic, and finally, the inner garments. The priest recites a short petition before each removal, which is marked with a festive drum roll. The priest then chants Christe exaudi nos (Latin for “Christ, graciously hear us”).
The priest then raises the icon for veneration, carefully dips it in a basin of scented water four times, and wipes it dry. He then dresses it in a plainer set of robes, and replaces the regalia in reverse order of divesture. Upon replacing each item, he intones a prayer and leads the congregation in singing the refrain of the Laudes Regiæ: Christus Vincit; Christus Regnat; Christus, Christus Imperat (“Christ Conquers; Christ Reigns; Christ Commands”). Drum rolls then announce the moment as the insignia are worn.
The rite is explained as highlighting Christ's humility, and on the part of the individual believer, it should inspire an internal, spiritual conversion. It was only in 1990 when the Augustinian priests caring for the icon first made the rite public. The Hubo Mass today is held on the Friday following the feast day at the Pilgrim Center outside the Basilica, and the masses following generally mark the termination of the long celebrations.
Pontifical approbation
The original feast date for the image was April 28, but in the 18th century, the following changes were made:
Pope Innocent XIII moved the date to avoid conflict with the Eastertide. In addition, he approved special liturgical texts for use during the local feast of the Santo Niño in the Philippines, set on the third Sunday of January, followed by the Sinulog festival.
Pope Paul VI issued a Canonical Coronation for the image via “Cubanula Religionis” on 28 April 1965 via his Papal legate. Through the Papal bull "Ut Clarificetur", the same Pontiff raised the sanctuary a Minor Basilica on 2 May 1965.
Pope John Paul II gave his papal endorsement for the image in his Mass for Families in 1981.
Pope Francis, also endorsed the image and called the Santo Niño "protector" of the Philippines, in his homily at the Rizal Park.
Military honors
During the Spanish colonial era, the Santo Niño was given the high military rank of Captain-General, with the full title of "Celentísimo Capitán General de las Esfuerzas Españolas en Filipinas" (The Most Esteemed Captain-General of the Spanish Forces in the Philippines). For this reason, the statue is vested in a red cape and sash, symbolising the rank of a general, and military boots.
Presently, the rank is called Celentisimo Capitan General de las Esfuerzas en Filipinas, with the "Españolas" dropped, thusly translating to Most Esteemed Captain-General of the Forces in the Philippines. Further, the image was later honoured by the Philippine Navy with the title "Lord Admiral of the Sea" (Spanish: Señor Almirante de la Mar) during the 446th anniversary of the image's Kaplag ("finding" or "rediscovery") in 2011. This was done in acknowledgment of Christ's "lordship over seafarers, mariners and the marine ecology." The image was taken aboard the naval ship BRP General Emilio Aguinaldo (PG-140) for a fluvial parade, marking the first time its own naval ensign bearing its coat-of-arms was flown by a Philippine naval vessel. The honour was a joint effort of the Naval Forces Central, Philippine Coast Guard-Cebu District, Cebu Ports Authority, Philippine National Police Maritime Group, among others.
Patronage
The Santo Niño was popularly considered the official patron of Cebu, but the Church in the Philippines suppressed the notion and clarified that it is not the representation of a saint that intercedes to God but rather God in the person of Jesus. Instead, the Archbishop of Cebu, Cardinal Ricardo Vidal, declared Our Lady of Guadalupe of Cebú as the principal patroness of Cebu in 2002.
The devotion to the Santo Niño is common with worldwide veneration of the Infant Jesus of Prague. The image is found in many houses, business establishments, and public transportation. Traditionally, the image is often dressed in one of two colours: red is common for domestic images, while green – symbolising luck – is worn by those enshrined in businesses. It is also often dressed in miniature costumes that often reflect the profession of its devotee such as physicians, nurses, policemen, or teachers. Another popular variation is the Santo Niño de Atocha which in the country is uniquely in a standing pose rather than seated as with the Spanish version.
See also
Black Nazarene
Infant Jesus of Mechelen (Child Jesus of Malines)
Infant Jesus of Prague (Child Jesus of Prague)
Novena
References
Sto. Nino de Cebu. http://www.malapascua.de/Cebu/Cebu_6__Santo_Nino/cebu_6__santo_nino.html
Statues of the infant Jesus
Catholic Church in the Philippines
Religion in Cebu
Visayan culture
Culture in Cebu City
Catholic devotions
Aunggon is a village in Indaw Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma. A river runs to the west of the village.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Indaw Township
Santa Rita is a district of the Nandayure canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Santa Rita has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the village of Santa Rita.
Other villages in the district are Angostura, Cacao, Chumico, Guaria, Guastomatal, Morote, Tacanis, Uvita (partly), Hierbabuena (partly).
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Santa Rita had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 21
National Route 161
References
Districts of Guanacaste Province
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
The 12389 / 12390 Gaya–Chennai Central Weekly Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the Indian Railways connecting in Bihar and of Tamil Nadu. It is currently being operated with 12389/12390 train numbers on a weekly basis. From 10 January 2021,the terminal was changed from to Chennai Central. Henceforth it arrives and departs from Chennai Central instead of Chennai Egmore
Service
The 12389/Gaya–Chennai Central Weekly Superfast Express has an average speed of 60 km/hr and covers 2348 km in 39 hrs. 12390/Chennai Central–Gaya Weekly Superfast Express has an average speed of 62 km/hr and covers 2348 km in 38 hrs 40 mins.
Route & halts
The important halts of the train are:
Coach composition
The train has standard LHB rake with max speed of 130 kmph. The train consists of 22 coaches:
2 AC II Tier
3 AC III Tier
10 Sleeper coaches
1 Pantry car
4 General
2 Generator coach
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Gomoh Loco Shed-based WAP-7 locomotive from Gaya Junction to Chennai Central and vice versa.
Rake sharing
The train shares its rake with 12397/12398 Mahabodhi Express.
See also
Gaya Junction railway station
Chennai Central railway station
Mahabodhi Express
Notes
External links
Gaya–Chennai Egmore Weekly SF Express India Rail Info
12390/Chennai Egmore–Gaya Weekly SF Express India Rail Info
References
Transport in Gaya, India
Transport in Chennai
Rail transport in Bihar
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Rail transport in Telangana
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Express trains in India
A lineage is a unilineal descent group that can demonstrate their common descent from a known apical ancestor. Unilineal lineages can be matrilineal or patrilineal, depending on whether they are traced through mothers or fathers, respectively. Whether matrilineal or patrilineal descent is considered most significant differs from culture to culture.
Matrilineal descent is associated with certain characteristics such as matriarchy, matrilocality and consanguinity. However a system can be matrilineal without possessing such characteristics.
References
Further reading
Kinship and descent
Pompeo is both a masculine Italian given name and a surname, derived from the Roman "Pompeius". Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Pompeo Aldrovandi (1668–1752), Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church
Pompeo Aldrovandini (1677–1735), Italian painter of the Baroque period
Pompeo Batoni (1708–1787), Italian painter
Pompeo Cannicciari (1670–1744), Italian composer
Pompeo Colonna (1479–1532), Italian Cardinal, politician and condottiero
Pompeo Coppini (1870–1957), Italian sculptor who emigrated to the United States
Pompeo D'Ambrosio (1917–1998), Italian who became a Venezuelan businessman
Pompeo Ghitti (1631–1703), Italian painter of the Baroque period
Pompeo Landulfo (1515–1590), Italian painter of the Renaissance period
Pompeo Marchesi (born 1790), Lombard sculptor of the neoclassical school
Pompeo Posar (1921–2004), Playboy magazine staff photographer
Pompeo Targone, Italian military engineer in the service of Ambrose Spinola
Surname:
Ellen Pompeo (born 1969), American actress, plays Meredith Grey on the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy
Mike Pompeo (born 1963), former U.S. Secretary of State, former Director of Central Intelligence Agency, former U.S. Representative for Kansas's 4th congressional district
Isadora Pompeo (born 1999), Brazilian vlogger, singer and composer of Christian music
See also
The Last Days of Pompeo, a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli
Il Pompeo, a dramma per musica in 3 acts by composer Alessandro Scarlatti
Pompeo Magno (Pompeius Magnus) is an opera in three acts by Francesco Cavalli
Christophe Di Pompeo (born 1964), French politician
Given names
Surnames
Italian masculine given names
Italian-language surnames
Stenella tristaniae is a species of anamorphic fungi.
Description
Belonging to the Stenella genus, this species is a Cercospora-like fungus with a superficial secondary mycelium, solitary conidiophores, conidiogenous cells with thickened and darkened conidiogenous loci and catenate or single conidia with dark, slightly thickened hila.
See also
Stenella stipae
Stenella subsanguinea
Stenella vangueriae
References
Further reading
External links
tristaniae
Fungi described in 1966
Zamindaar Babu Trilok Nath (born Trilok Nath Shrivastav 1866–1960) was a royal prince from the princely state of British India. He was the princely ruler of Belghat, Northwest Province, British India (modern day Uttar Pradesh, India). He was invited by the ruling Maharaja of Nepal Shree Teen Sarkar Jang Bahadur to head the team for land surveys between the disputed border of British India and Nepal. He is known to be the pioneer of the Land reform act. He established a clear line between the borders of British India and Nepal. He landed in Nepal and started the inspection from the eastern state of Nepal to all the way in the west. While he was in Bardiya, he married a young woman and the princess of the princely state of Bardia.
Subsequently, he purchased 400 acres of land in an auction of land by the ruling Maharajas and established himself as the Zamindaar of Bardiya. Notably, this district of Nepal was given to Nepal by the British India government for their support to crush the Indian Independence movement and is known as Naya Muluk (new country). As such, most of the offspring of the Rana Empire established themselves as the princely kings. Pratibha Rana, the princess of the princely state, was the CA member of Nepal constitutional drafting committee in Nepal. Nath completed his survey and forged a partnership with the Rana government which allowed him to stay in Nepal and rule as a princely king. Later, he established the city and encouraged free trade between India and Nepal.
Treaty of Sugauli
Nath adjusted the map few times when the territory of Nepal and British India was revised under the treaty. Modern day pillars of the borders were chosen by him.
Trilok Nath Road Churaha
To commemorate his services, a five-kilometer road linking Nepal and India was named after him. This road is now a major transport route. It was built on his personal land donated by his eldest son Ayodhya P Shrivastav.
High school
Nath established the first high school in western Nepal and named it after Laxmi Prasad Devkota, a Nepali poet. Today, the school is in poor condition due to a lack of responsible trustees.
Death
It was reported that Trilok Nath died of a heart attack after a considerable portion of his land was taken by the government in the "Land Reform Act" passed by King Mahendra of Nepal.
See also
Bardia (Nepal)
Jung Bahadur Rana
References
"Zamindaari System of Bardiya", Dinesh Shrestha, 2000. Kamana Publications.
"Kamaiya Pratha", Sanjay Gautam, 1998, Pandey Publications.
"Naya Muluk", Manoj Paudel, 1990, Sundar Chhapakhana.
Bardiya Times. Issue 15.1
1866 births
1960 deaths
Indian royalty
Edward Jenkins may refer to:
Ed Jenkins (American football) (born 1950), former American football wide receiver
Ed Jenkins, fictional protagonist of a series of novelettes by Erle Stanley Gardner
Edward Jenkins (MP) (1838–1910), author and Member of Parliament (MP) for Dundee 1874–1880
Edward Jenkins (priest) (1902–1996), Anglican Dean of St David's
Edward Enoch Jenkins, Attorney General of Fiji (1938–1945)
Edward Hopkins Jenkins (1850–1931), American agricultural chemist
See also
Ed Jenkins (disambiguation)
Jenkins (disambiguation)
The slender-billed grackle (Quiscalus palustris) was a species of grackle in the Icteridae (New World blackbirds) family of birds. The species was closely related to the western clade of the great-tailed grackle, from which it diverged quite recently, around 2,000 years ago.
The slender-billed grackle was endemic to central Mexico, especially in the Valley of Mexico and the Toluca Valley. Early observations recorded by Franciscan friar Bernardino de Sahagún in the 16th-century manuscript General History of the Things of New Spain indicate that the species was found in cultivated areas and towns. Later records indicated that it might be a marsh specialist. The species became extinct around the turn of the 20th century.
Habitat
The slender-billed grackle was originally known from the Rio Lerma area in Mexico. It has not been recorded since 1910. Several records of the slender-billed grackle are known from three different habitats, such as wetlands, cultivated plots, and human settlements. Slender-billed grackles inhabited marshes and borders of the lakes. Emergent aquatic vegetation was commonly used for nesting material by the slender-billed grackles.
Nesting
The slender–billed grackle usually nested in marshes and aquatic vegetation; however, as the population in Mexico increased, the species was able to adapt to the changes in the environment and learned to nest in towns and cultivated plots. The slender-billed grackle hatched its eggs in reeds.
Interaction
Intraspecies interaction
The diet of the slender-billed grackle consisted of animals, plants, and fruits. It mainly ate worms, flies, and maize. The slender-billed grackle also tended to group and form flocks.
Human interaction
When the initial European settlers came to central Mexico, they observed that the Aztecs targeted the slender-billed grackle; the reason for this is partially unclear. Some speculate that they were targeted because they were seen as pests that ate their crops, while others believe it was to use their feathers for headdresses. They chose to use their black tail feathers rather than their bright green feathers for reasons still unknown.
Also during Izcalli, the Aztecs' month in which they sacrificed a variety of animals to their gods, they chose to use this bird for sacrifice to their fire god. The reason for this is not yet known to historians, but many believe it was because they were abundant and considered a nuisance.
Extinction
The slender-billed grackle is believed to have become extinct around the turn of the 20th century, after disappearing from the Valley of Mexico. The only known habitats for the slender-billed grackle were the marshes and wetlands of Mexico. Reports of grackles nesting in urban areas also exist, but this is believed to have been a response to the loss of habitat due to the conversion of marshes to farmland. Slender-billed grackles had also been observed nesting in cultivated farmland near towns, but much of this land was cultivated marshland.
Slender-billed grackles had also been hunted extensively by local populations for use in rituals. The grackles were collected in areas near the towns, as they were gathered the day before rituals were to be held.
References
Quiscalus
Bird extinctions since 1500
Birds described in 1827
Extinct birds of North America
Endemic birds of Mexico
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
Adolf von Hübbenet (1858 – 17 February 1903) was a German operatic tenor.
Life
Hübbenet was born in Koblenz. On 26 July 1882 he was one of the four squires in the Bayreuth premiere cast of Parsifal.
Hübbenet was then engaged at the Staatsoper Hannover from 1882 to 1890, at the court theatre in Kassel from 1890 to 1892, at the city theatre in Stettin from 1893 to 1895, then again two years at the court theatre in Kassel and from 1898 at the city theatre in Düsseldorf. In 1901 the artist went to America to sing several roles including Wagner's Loge, Erik and David at the Metropolitan Opera. He died in 1903 in Koblenz.
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg: Großes biographisches Lexikon der Deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert by Paul List, Leipzig 1903, , ().
References
External links
German operatic tenors
1858 births
1903 deaths
19th-century German male musicians
Jamie Nicholls may refer to:
Jamie Nicholls (politician)
Jamie Nicholls (snowboarder)
See also
James Nicholls (disambiguation)
Globus Medical, Inc. is a publicly traded medical device company headquartered in Audubon, Pennsylvania. Globus is focused on the design, development, and commercialization of products that enable surgeons to promote healing in patients with musculoskeletal disorders.
Products
Globus develops, manufactures, and markets orthopedic implants including spine, trauma, artificial joints.
Globus makes the ExcelsiusGPS surgical robotic system for spine surgery. The robot is used for transpedicular drilling and screw placement.
Acquisitions
In January 2014, Globus Medical acquired Excelsius Surgical. The Excelsius system is designed to integrate intra-operative digital imaging with a robotic surgery device to hold patients in place during surgeries "with sub-millimeter accuracy".
In October 2014, Globus Medical acquired allograft tissue processor Transplant Technologies of Texas, Ltd. (TTOT). TTOT is a provider of human tissue products including bone allografts, biomaterials, and soft tissue products for spine, orthopedics, sports medicine, dental, and wound care markets.
In February 2015, Globus Medical acquired Branch Medical Group, a third party manufacturer of high precision medical devices.
In July 2016, Globus Medical acquired Alphatec Holdings, an international operation and distribution channel, for $80 million. As part of the transaction, Globus has agreed to provide Alphatec a five-year senior secured credit facility of up to $30 million.
In September 2018, Globus Medical acquired Nemaris, developers of Surgimap, a pre-operative planning software for spinal surgeons.
In August 2019, Globus Medical acquired privately-owned StelKast, manufacturer of implants and instruments for hip and knee replacement.
Controversies
In August 2007 Globus Medical settled a lawsuit initially filed by Synthes in 2004 over alleged stolen trade secrets. Former Synthes employees, who then worked for Globus, were accused of stealing 2300 electronic files containing blueprints for Synthes products, safety-testing plans, and verbatim 510(k) filing documents. Globus paid Synthes $13.5 million and did not admit any wrongdoing.
In 2011, Synthes filed another lawsuit, being its second, against Globus Medical for infringing three patents, "asking the court to force the defendant to destroy its allegedly infringing products." Orthopedic Design & Technology Magazine reports that, "There was no finding of willful infringement in this lawsuit." A $16 million monetary damage was paid by Globus Medical in 2013.
References
External links
Official website
Medical technology companies of the United States
Health care companies based in Pennsylvania
Manufacturing companies based in Pennsylvania
Health care companies established in 2003
2003 establishments in Pennsylvania
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
, is a Buddhist temple located in the Higashiueno neighborhood of Taitō-ku, Tokyo, Japan. The temple belongs to the Jōdo-shū sect of Japanese Buddhism and its honzon is a statue of Hōnen.
History
Genkū-ji was established as a small chapel in 1590 in Yushima (currently part of Bunkyō, Tokyo), approximately where the Yushima Seido is now located. In 1604, Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu made a grant of land to allow a proper temple to be established. In 1657, much of Edo burned down in the Great fire of Meireki, including Genkū-ji. The temple was rebuilt, but was moved to its present location as part of the Tokugawa shogunate's urban remodeling plan for Edo. Its urban location resulted in the destruction of the temple during fires in the Genroku era (1688-1704), Anei era (1772-1781), the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake and the Bombing of Tokyo (1945), but it was rebuilt each time. The temple's bonsho (bell) is dated 1636 and was a donation by Shogun Tokugawa Iemitsu.
The cemetery at Genku-ji contains the graves of a number of famous people:
Inō Tadataka (1745 - 1818), surveyor and cartographer. The grave was designated a National Historic Site in 1928.
Takahashi Yoshitoki (1764 - 1804), astronomer. The grave was designated a National Historic Site in 1928.
Tani Bunchō (1763 - 1841), artist
Banzuiin Chōbei (1622 - 1650), street tough
The temple is a two minute walk from Inaricho Station on the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Tōkyō)
References
External links
Jodo-shu online dictionary
Tokyo Cultural properties Database
Buildings and structures completed in 1590
16th-century Buddhist temples
Buddhist temples in Tokyo
Historic Sites of Japan
Musashi Province
Pure Land temples
Buildings and structures in Taitō
The Caatinga cacholote (Pseudoseisura cristata) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to the Caatinga in northeastern Brazil. Formerly, it was considered conspecific with P. unirufa under the common name rufous cacholote. Common habitats include shrubs, graze land, and areas near human dwellings. Birds of this family build dome shaped nests made with clay or plant material.
References
Zimmer, K., and Whittaker, A. (2000). The Rufous Cacholote (Furnariidae: Pseudoseisura) is two species. Condor. 102(2): 409–422.
Bezerra, Claudia Mendonca, et al. “DESCRIPTION OF AN AMAZING NEST OF CAATINGA CACHALOTE Pseudoseisura Cristata INFESTED BY Psammolestes Tertius IN TAUA, STATE OF CEARA, NORTHEASTERN BRAZIL.” Revista De Patologia Tropical / Journal of Tropical Pathology, www.revistas.ufg.br/iptsp/article/view/54214.
Llambías, Paulo E., et al. “Breeding Success and Social Mating System of the Bay-Capped Wren-Spinetail (Spartonoica Maluroides).” The Wilson Journal of Ornithology, vol. 121, no. 4, 2009, pp. 803–807. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/20616990.
Pseudoseisura
Birds of the Caatinga
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1824
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dorothy Jeakins (January 11, 1914 – November 21, 1995) was an American costume designer.
Born in San Diego, California, she went to public school in Los Angeles from first grade through high school. When she was a senior at Fairfax High School, she was offered a scholarship to study at the Otis Art Institute (now known as Otis College of Art and Design). She also attended the Art Students League of Los Angeles, under Stanton Macdonald-Wright. She was later awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Otis College in 1987.
Jeakins got her start working on WPA projects and as a Disney artist in the 1930s. Her fashion career began as a designer at I. Magnin's, where she was spotted by director Victor Fleming. Hired as a sketch artist for Joan of Arc (1948), Jeakins worked on the costumes along with Barbara Karinska and shared an Oscar with her in the color category. This was the first Oscar ever awarded for costumes, besides the black and white category.
Jeakins was unusual in that she freelanced, never signing a long-term contract with any one studio. She worked steadily for the next thirty-nine years, winning another two Oscars, for Samson and Delilah (1949, shared with Edith Head and others), and The Night of the Iguana (1964), and another 12 nominations. She designed period costumes for The Ten Commandments (1956), The Music Man (1962), The Sound of Music (1965), Little Big Man (1970), The Way We Were (1973), Young Frankenstein (1974) and The Dead (1987). Her modern-dress excursions included Niagara (1953), Three Coins in the Fountain (1954), South Pacific (1958) and On Golden Pond (1981).
Jeakins also worked on stage productions, including South Pacific (in which Motley was the principal costume designer), King Lear, Winesburg, Ohio and The World of Suzie Wong (for which she received her third Tony nomination), and such television productions as the 1957 production of Annie Get Your Gun, and Mayerling. For ten years beginning in 1953, she served as designer for the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera. In 1961 she was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship to study in Japan. She spent a year there, studying theater costume. From 1967 to 1970, Ms. Jeakins was Curator of Costumes and Textiles at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. In 1987, she was awarded the Women in Film Crystal Award for outstanding women who, through their endurance and the excellence of their work, have helped to expand the role of women within the entertainment industry. Jeakins, who retired in 1990, once summed up her designing: "I can put my world down to two words: Make beauty. It's my cue and my private passion."
Filmography
Sources
Oral History Interview with Dorothy Jeakins from the Smithsonian Archives of American Art, 1964.
References
External links
Dorothy Jeakins costume designs, 1956-1964, held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division, New York Public Library for the Performing Arts
Dorothy Jeakins Papers at the Wisconsin Center for Film and Theater Research
Dorothy Jeakins costume design drawings, Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
1914 births
1995 deaths
American costume designers
Women costume designers
Best Costume Design Academy Award winners
California people in fashion
Otis College of Art and Design alumni
Fairfax High School (Los Angeles) alumni
The 2011 Romanian Figure Skating Championships was held as part of the 2010 Crystal Skate of Romania between November 18 and 21, 2010 in Brașov. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles and ladies' singles on the senior level. The results were used to choose the Romanian teams to the 2011 World Championships and the 2011 European Championships.
Senior results
Results derived from the 2010 Crystal Skate of Romania, only Romanian competitors shown.
Men
Ladies
External links
results
2010 in figure skating
2011 in figure skating
2010 in Romanian sport
March 2010 sports events in Romania
Benoni d'Entremont (c. 1745 – February 21, 1841) was a mariner, shipbuilder, office holder, justice of the peace, and militia officer in Nova Scotia of Acadian descent.
Early life
He was born in Pubnico, Nova Scotia around 1745, the son of Jacques Mius d'Entremont, third Baron de Pobomcoup, and Marguerite Amirault.
On August 29, 1766 at the age of 21, he returned from exile, arriving in Pubnico with his family and eight others. After his return, he became involved in the civic affairs of Yarmouth County. He was the first Acadian Magistrate and Justice of the Peace in Nova Scotia, recorded in 1780; first Assessor for the Municipality of Argyle the same year, and the first Treasurer of that district, having been appointed the following year. In July 1783, he married Anne-Marguerite Pothier, and they had nine children. In 1813, he was appointed a Justice of the Inferior Court of Common Place for the County of Yarmouth, a position he had already held for many years in the District of Argyle. He died on February 21, 1841 in Pubnico.
Personal life
He married Anne-Marguerite Pothier in 1783. His son, Simon d'Entremont, was one of the first Acadians elected to a legislative assembly in North America.
References
1841 deaths
Acadian people
People from Yarmouth County
Year of birth uncertain
The Boston College Law Review is an academic journal of legal scholarship and a student organization at Boston College Law School. It was established in 1959. Until 1977, it was known as the Boston College Industrial & Commercial Law Review. Among student-edited general-interest law reviews, it is currently ranked 22nd in the Washington and Lee School of Law Law Journal Rankings.
The journal publishes eight issues each year (plus an online-only issue, known as the E. Supp., that provides commentary on recent en banc and other significant federal circuit court decisions). Each print issue typically includes four or five articles concerning legal issues of national interest written by outside authors, as well as several student-written notes. The journal has published articles on such wide-ranging topics as the legal issues involved in managing the lives of ex-offenders, the compensation of fund managers in the mutual fund industry, and the contributions of interdisciplinary evidence scholarship. The journal also hosts symposia from time to time and publishes the resulting scholarship.
The journal is staffed by approximately 50 second- and 50 third-year law students. Staff positions are filled by students who either attain the top five grades in each first-year section, who score highest in the first-year writing competition, or a combination of these two criteria.
Notable articles
References
External links
American law journals
Publications established in 1959
Boston College
General law journals
Law journals edited by students
English-language journals
8 times per year journals
Magazines published in Boston
John Frederick Hamm (born April 8, 1938) is a Canadian physician and politician, who served as the 25th premier of Nova Scotia from 1999 to 2006.
Education
Hamm, a graduate of the University of King's College and Dalhousie University, was a family doctor in his hometown of Stellarton, Nova Scotia, and the president of the Nova Scotia Medical Society.
Provincial politics
He entered politics in 1993, becoming the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the riding of Pictou Centre.
Progressive Conservative Party
Hamm was elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Nova Scotia in 1995, succeeding Terry Donahoe. His party won 14 seats in the 1998 provincial election and held the balance of power in a minority government where both the Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party, led by Russell MacLellan and Robert Chisholm, respectively, held nineteen seats.
Premier of Nova Scotia
Hamm's Tories defeated the Liberal minority government on a budget vote on June 17, 1999, and in the subsequent election on July 27, 1999, Hamm was elected Premier, winning 30 of the 52 seats in the provincial legislature.
After taking office, Hamm sold or closed government-owned industries such as Sydney Steel. He invested more in education and health care, and implemented some tax cuts. His government was the first to truly balance provincial finances in 25 years, following changes in public sector accounting practises.
In 2001, Hamm was at odds with the Nova Scotia Government Employees Union, trying to legislate nurses back to work after a legal strike.
In the 2003 election, Hamm's Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a minority government. The main issue in that election was the increasing cost of car insurance and whether Nova Scotia should begin to allow general Sunday shopping. Despite the minority government, Hamm's government was able to drop an NDP plan for government automobile insurance issue, and put the Sunday shopping issue to a province-wide plebiscite. Hamm is opposed to Sunday shopping and a public auto insurance system.
Retirement
On September 29, 2005, Hamm announced his intention to retire as Premier and PC Leader. In the 2006 Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia leadership election, Rodney MacDonald was elected his successor.
After politics
On December 21, 2006, Hamm was appointed Chairperson of Assisted Human Reproduction Canada, a federal agency created to protect and promote the health and safety, human dignity and human rights of Canadians who use or are born of assisted human reproduction technologies, and to foster ethical principles in relation to assisted human reproduction and other related matters.
In 2009, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his contributions to the province of Nova Scotia as a former premier, family physician and community leader."
In 2010 he became the Chairman of the Board of the holding company for Northern Pulp mill of Abercrombie, whose board he had joined shortly after his resignation from politics prior to the 2006 provincial election.
In May 2014 he was awarded a Doctor of Civil Law (honoris causa) from University of King's College, Halifax, Nova Scotia for his service to King's, his community and the province.
October 2014, he was awarded an "Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada."
Also in October 2014, John Hamm was appointed the Honorary Colonel for the 1st Battalion Nova Scotia Highlanders (North) for the next three years.
Atlantic Accord
One of his most notable achievements was negotiating with the federal government to implement the Atlantic Accord, a multi-decade regional development program that had been approved in principle during the late 1980s to prevent provincial government offshore oil and gas royalties from being included in calculations for the federal equalization program. This resulted in an $830 million payment in 2005 from the federal government, which Hamm applied against the principal on the province's long term debt, thereby reducing debt servicing payments by over $50 million annually.
References
1938 births
Canadian Anglicans
Canadian monarchists
Canadian general practitioners
Living people
Members of the Order of Nova Scotia
Officers of the Order of Canada
People from New Glasgow, Nova Scotia
Premiers of Nova Scotia
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
University of King's College alumni
21st-century Canadian politicians
Members of the Executive Council of Nova Scotia
Dalhousie University alumni
Physicians from Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia political party leaders
Lauren Camp is an Arab American poet and New Mexico Poet Laureate. Her most recent book, Took House, was awarded the 2021 American Fiction Award in Poetry. One Hundred Hungers (Tupelo Press, 2016) was selected by David Wojahn for the Dorset Prize, and went on to win finalist citations for the Arab American Book Award, the Housatonic Book Award and the Sheila Margaret Motton Book Prize. In reviewing the book, World Literature Today describes "the oddity of diaspora within diaspora through evocative imagery and diction…and direct interrogation of political (and personal) drama.”
Work
According to Jacqueline Kolosov, "One of Camp's gifts is her ability to conjure both the historical and the mythic past and the joint terrain they inhabit, with a vividness that, at its best, captures moments infused with both sorrow and joy."
Writing in Poet Lore, Margaret Randall said, "Camp pulls together and makes full sense of the questions that have nudged and troubled her…the places claimed by remembering and forgetting, the ways in which gender inhabits time and place, the identity she holds…"
Publishers Weekly says of Camp's work, “There are smaller surprises that intertwine with this larger narrative… the ideas of loss and forgetting become more evident with each poem.”
Electric Literature, in acknowledging One Hundred Hungers for "7 Books of Poetry by Arab American Women," wrote "Camp is a master of the luscious line... It is one of the most sensuous books you'll ever read and characteristic of the gorgeousness of her work."
Washington Independent Review of Books says of Took House, “It's as if Camp is holding a magnifying glass in the light until the page beneath it catches fire,” and World Literature Today, in an "Editor's Pick", states, “The ‘sinew and lava' of both desire and loss pulse right beneath the surface of the poems…”
She is the subject of an episode of Grace Cavalieri's The Poet and the Poem for The Library of Congress and a long-form interview by David Naimon on Between the Covers. She has presented her poems at the Mayo Clinic, the Oklahoma Center for the Humanities, The Georgia O'Keeffe Museum and the International Studies Institute.
Camp is an inaugural Land Line Resident with Denver Botanic Gardens. She was a juror for the 2014 Neustadt International Prize for Literature and was selected to be one of 100 international artists for 100 Offerings of Peace.
Camp's writing has appeared in Kenyon Review, Pleiades, Poet Lore, Waxwing, Boston Review, Crazyhorse, Beloit Poetry Journal, Weber and the Poem-a-Day series from The Academy of American Poets. The Rumpus published a long interview with Camp about her book, Took House. Her honors include a fellowship from the Black Earth Institute, and translations of her poems to Turkish, Spanish, Arabic and Mandarin.
Books
This Business of Wisdom, West End Press, 2010.
The Dailiness, Edwin E. Smith Publishing, 2013.
One Hundred Hungers, Tupelo Press, 2016.
Turquoise Door, 3: A Taos Press, 2018.
Took House, Tupelo Press, 2020.
Honors
2022 - 2025 New Mexico Poet Laureate
2022 Grand Canyon Astronomer in Residence
2021 American Fiction Award in Poetry
2021 National Indie Excellence Awards (Finalist)
2021 Independent Press Award (Distinguished Favorite)
2019 New Mexico-Arizona Book Award (Finalist)
2017 Arab American Book Award (Finalist)
2017 Housatonic Book Award (Finalist)
2016 Sheila Margaret Motton Book Prize (Finalist)
2014 The Dorset Prize
2014 RL International Poetry Award
2014 National Federation of Press Women Poetry Book Prize
2012 The Anna Davidson Rosenberg Poetry Award
References
External links
American writers of Arab descent
Poets from New York (state)
Cornell University alumni
Emerson College alumni
21st-century American poets
WNML-FM (99.1 MHz, 99.1 The Sports Animal) is a commercial radio station licensed to Friendsville, Tennessee, and serving the Knoxville metropolitan area. It simulcasts a sports format with sister station WNML 990 AM and is owned by Cumulus Media. Most programming comes from CBS Sports Radio. WNML-AM-FM are the flagship radio stations for both the Tennessee Smokies Southern League Baseball radio network, and the Tennessee Volunteers' statewide radio network ("The Vol Network").
WNML-FM has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 6,000 watts. The transmitter is on Nicole Court, off U.S. Route 411, in Maryville.
History
The station signed on as WLOD-FM in 1989, changing to the call letters WNOX-FM in 1991. Formats included smooth jazz ("Double 99", simulcast with WNDD) and urban adult contemporary (X-99). Later, WNOX-FM joined the 990 frequency of news/talk WNOX.
References
External links
The Sports Animal's official website
NML-FM
Sports radio stations in the United States
Cumulus Media radio stations
Radio stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in Tennessee
CBS Sports Radio stations
Ronda de Sant Pere is a thoroughfare in central Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, one of the main roads in the lower side of Dreta de l'Eixample, part of the Eixample district. It runs from the Arc de Triomf, in Passeig de Lluís Companys, through Plaça Urquinaona towards Plaça de Catalunya, where the medieval city walls stood before the construction of Eixample. After Plaça de Catalunya it becomes Ronda de la Universitat.
It features the famous Rafael de Casanova monument, built in 1888 by Rossend Nobas, Josep Llimona and Alexandre Soler March for the Expo of that year, commemorating the Catalan leader who defended Barcelona during the Spanish War of Succession in the early 18th century. Several days every year, most notably on the National Day of Catalonia (September 11) and St George's Day (April 23), flower offerings take place by the statue.
The street is named after the neighbourhood of Sant Pere (Saint Peter), part of the Ciutat Vella district, located immediately below it, and the Monastery of Sant Pere de les Puel·les. Other streets in the area named after the saint include Carrer de Sant Pere més Alt, Carrer de Sant Pere Mitjà, Carrer de Sant Pere més Baix.
Transport
Barcelona Metro stations Arc de Triomf, Urquinaona (both online L1 and Catalunya (on L1 and L3. The latter also includes a FGC-operated station including metro lines L6 and L7 and several other metropolitan railway lines.
Arc de Triomf railway station, operated by Renfe.
See also
List of streets and squares in Eixample, Barcelona
Ronda de la Universitat
Urban planning of Barcelona
References
External links
History of Eixample
Eixample
Streets in Barcelona
Odonyms referring to religion
Ralph Francis Stearley, CBE, (July 25, 1898 – February 3, 1973) was a United States Army and Air Force officer. He is best known as a general in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Stearly was born at Brazil, Indiana, in 1898. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the cavalry on November 1, 1918. He transferred to the Air Service in 1925 and commanded the IX Tactical Air Command during the last two months of the war in Europe, supporting the United States First Army during combat operations in Europe.
Education
After graduation, he remained at the Academy until the following July, when he made a tour of battlefields in Europe. Upon his return to the United States in October 1919, he entered the Cavalry School at Fort Riley, Kansas, from which he graduated the following July. He then joined the 4th Cavalry at Fort Brown, Texas.
He entered Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, in August 1921 and after completing the communications engineering course in June 1922 was assigned to the 4th Cavalry at Fort McIntosh, Texas. In March 1923 he joined the 1st Signal Troop of the 1st Cavalry at Fort Bliss, Texas.
Early career
In March 1925 he was transferred to the Air Service and went to Brooks Field, Texas, for training at the Primary Flying School. In September of that year he was transferred to Kelly Field, Texas, where he attended the Advanced Flying School. Upon graduation in March 1926, earning his rating of Airplane Pilot, he remained at Kelly Field for duty with the 3rd Attack Group.
He was ordered to the Philippines in July 1928 for duty with the 4th Composite Group at Nichols Field. Upon returning to the United States in July 1930, he was again assigned to the 3rd Attack Group, now at Fort Crockett, Texas, where he commanded the 13th Attack Squadron. In February 1934 he went to Chicago, Illinois, for duty with the Army Air Corps Mail Operations, and in August of that year he entered the Air Corps Tactical School at Maxwell Field, Alabama. In September 1935 he entered the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He graduated the following June, at which time he returned to Maxwell Field for a two-year tour as an instructor at the Air Corps Tactical School. In July and August 1938 he attended the Chemical Warfare School at Edgewood Arsenal, Maryland, after which he returned to Maxwell Field.
In May 1940 he became assistant executive officer in the Training and Operations Division of the Office of the Chief of Air Corps in Washington, which later became the Flying Training Command.
World War II
During April 1942 he served on the Canadian–American Military Board and in June of that year was appointed chief of the Air Group of the Military Intelligence Service of the War Department General Staff in Washington, D.C. He became director of Air Support at Army Air Forces headquarters in January 1943 and the following May assumed command of the Air Support Command at Morris Field, North Carolina, which was soon redesignated the Tactical Air Division.
In April 1944 he joined the Ninth Air Force in the European theater as A-3 (chief of operations). The following August he became assistant chief of staff for G-3 of the newly organized First Allied Airborne Army, and in April 1945 was appointed commanding general of the IX Tactical Air Command of the Ninth Air Force, which operated in France and Northern Germany. The following September he became commander of the Air Section, Fifteenth Army Theater General Board, in the European theater.
Post-war
He returned to Air Force headquarters in January 1946 for duty as deputy chief of the Legislative and Liaison Division of the War Department General Staff. Two years later, he was appointed director of the Legislative and Liaison Division of the Directorate of Public Relations in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force.
He was named commanding general of the Fourteenth Air Force at Orlando Air Force Base, Florida, in July 1948 and retained that position when the 14th Air Force was moved to Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, in October 1949.
In July 1950 he was appointed commanding general of the Twentieth Air Force at Kadena Air Base, Okinawa.
Awards and commendations
He was rated a command pilot, combat observer and aircraft observer.
See also
References
Air Force Historical Study No. 91 Fogerty, Robert P.(1953). Biographical Data on Air Force General Officers, 1917-1952 Volume 2 - L thru Z: Stearley, Ralph F.
1898 births
1973 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War I
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Air Force personnel of the Korean War
Aviators from Indiana
Air Corps Tactical School alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army Air Forces generals
United States Air Force generals
United States Military Academy alumni
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
Commanders of the Order of Orange-Nassau
People from Brazil, Indiana
United States Army Air Forces generals of World War II
Bestway Group is a British multinational conglomerate company based in London, England.
It has its operations in the United Kingdom and Pakistan.
The group owns the UK's second-largest wholesaler serving 125,000 independent retailers and caterers from 64 warehouses nationwide. They also run the UK's third-largest pharmacy chain, Well Pharmacy based in Manchester. They are also well known for owning the Best-one, Bargain Booze and Central Convenience stores.
In Pakistan it is the largest shareholder of United Bank, while its subsidiary Bestway Cement is the largest cement-maker in Pakistan with a total capacity of more than 8 million tons per annum.
Business
Pharmacy
In July 2014 Bestway Group acquired the Co-operative Group's stores branded as The Co-operative Pharmacy, the UK's third largest pharmacy, for £620 million. They have since been rebranded as Well Pharmacy.
Retail
Bestway operates in the UK retail sector through a number of different branded outlets including Best-One, Bargain Booze and Central Convenience Stores. In December 2020 it was announced that Bestway would acquire Costcutter from Bibby Line. This acquisition gives Bestway 1,500 stores under multiple brand names including Costcutter, Co-Op, Kwiksave, Mace and Supershop.
Cement
The Group set up its first cement plant in 1995 in Hattar in the KP Province of Pakistan, with an initial investment of US$120.0 million. The plant's initial capacity was 0.99 million tonnes per annum, this was enhanced to 1.17 million tonnes per annum at a cost of US$10 million in 2002.
Bestway Group expanded its operations by setting up a 1.8 million tonnes per annum cement plant in Chakwal, Punjab Province, Pakistan, at a cost of US$180.0 million. Civil works for Bestway Chakwal-I were initiated in January 2005, the Kiln was fired in May 2006 and the plant went into production in June 2006. Though Bestway cement brought investment in Pakistan, the local people claim that Bestway Group did not fairly compensate the previous owners of the land. A case was brought against Bestway Group and is pending in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.
In May 2006 the Group announced plans for a second 1.8 million tonnes per annum capacity plant adjacent to its existing operations in Chakwal at a cost of US$150.0 million. To augment its presence in the cement industry, Bestway bid for 85.29% equity of Mustehkam Cement Limited. The Company's bid of approximately US$70.0 million was accepted in September 2005. The plant started production in December 2005 just one month after acquisition. In 2010 the production capacity was further enhanced to 1.1 million tonnes per annum at a total cost of US$70.0 million.
Over the last few years, Bestway's cement capacity has increased from 1.1 million tonnes to 6.0 million tonnes per annum; Bestway Cement is the largest exporter of cement to Afghanistan.
Banking
In October 2002 Bestway Group successfully bid for a controlling share in United Bank Limited (UBL). This was a total investment of approximately US$210.0 million.
The bank has transformed itself from a loss-making static public sector entity into a profitable dynamic private enterprise. Profit before tax has grown from US$48.0 million in December 2002 to US$206.5 million in December 2010.
In 2005 for the third consecutive year the CFA Association of Pakistan conferred upon UBL's Investment Banking Group the ‘Largest Corporate Finance House' award.
In February 2005 UBL became the first bank in South Asia to launch the EMV enabled credit card. In June 2005 with the launch of ‘UBL Money' a fixed instalment personal loan product, UBL became the only bank in Pakistan to launch a complete suite of consumer financing products. In August 2005 UBL became the first bank to achieve the ‘Authorised Derivatives Dealer' status in Pakistan.
As of December 2010 the bank's asset base had increased to US$8.5 billion, with UBL emerging as the second largest private bank in Pakistan.
Today, UBL has over 1,300 branches in Pakistan; a significant presence throughout the Middle East; Subsidiaries in UK and Switzerland; a branch in New York and Representative Offices in Beijing and Kazakhstan.
In 1987 the Bestway Group established the Bestway Foundation. Every year the Group contributes approximately 2.5% of its profit to the Foundation, which helps support charities and contributes to help the local community. In the last decade Bestway Foundation has invested in 35 inner city schools in as part of the Specialist Schools & Academies Program.
History
In 1976 Sir Anwar Pervez established Bestway's first wholesale warehouse in Acton, West London. This was followed by warehouses in Southall (1981), Hackney (1983), Park Royal (1984) before expansion around the country.
In 2005, the Group acquired Batley's plc, and in 2010 purchased Bellevue and Martex. In April 2018, Bestway acquired the Bargain Booze and Wine Rack brands for £7m.
Awards and nominations
In January 2013, Bestway was nominated for the Business of the Year award at the British Muslim Awards. The company is a longtime supporter of the UK Conservative Party.
See also
List of companies based in London
Fauji Foundation
References
Conglomerate companies established in 1976
Companies based in the London Borough of Brent
1976 establishments in England
Conglomerate companies of the United Kingdom
Multinational companies headquartered in England
British companies established in 1976
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1994 to August 1995. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
CBS
Returning series
Crimetime After Primetime
Kids in the Hall
Late Show with David Letterman
Up to the Minute
New series
The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder
Fox
Returning series
Tales from the Crypt
Not returning from 1993-94:
The Chevy Chase Show
Code 3
In Living Color
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
NBC Nightside
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
United States late night network television schedules
1994 in American television
1995 in American television
Group A of the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 consisted of Denmark, Finland, Italy and the host nation Sweden. Matches were staged in Gothenburg and Halmstad from 10–16 July 2013.
Sweden won the group and advanced to the knockout stage along with group runners-up Italy. Denmark progressed as one of the best third-placed teams, but only after a drawing of lots. Finland finished bottom of the group and so were also eliminated from the tournament.
Standings
Italy vs Finland
Sweden vs Denmark
Italy vs Denmark
Finland vs Sweden
Sweden vs Italy
Denmark vs Finland
References
External links
Group A at UEFA's official website
Group A
2013 in Finnish football
Group A
Group A
Group A
The 2010–11 season in Hong Kong football, starting July 2010 and ending June 2011.
Overview
In July 2010, Birmingham City F.C. played an exhibition match in Hong Kong.
22 January 2011: Ng Wai Chiu returned to Hong Kong First Division League and joined South China.
Representative team
Hong Kong
Friendly matches in first half season
Match Detail
2011 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup
Match Detail
Match Detail
Friendly matches in second half season
Hong Kong U-23
Friendly against Australia
Match Detail
Long Teng Cup
This is a tournament was organized by Chinese Taipei Football Association and take place in Kaohsiung, Taiwan from 8 to 12 October 2010. Another three participating teams is Chinese Taipei, the Philippines and Macau. The players of Hong Kong were selected for 2010 Asian Games and another three associations sent their senior teams. FIFA ensured that these 3 matches are the formal international matches after the tournament.
The first match of Hong Kong team was against the Philippines on 8 October. However, the heavy rain flooded the field, so the ball flow on the water and could not be kick. The match was abandoned at 14th-minute. The rematch played on 9 October, Hong Kong defeated the Philippines by 4–2.
Match Detail
Match Detail
Match Detail
Match Detail
Friendly for Asian Games
Match Detail
2010 Asian Games
The 2010 Asian Games will play between 7 November and 27 November in Guangzhou, China.
Match Detail
Match Detail
Match Detail
Match Detail
Hong Kong U-15
U-15 EAFF Championship
Hong Kong national under-15 football team won all the group stage matches in the championship, which hold in Guam. Hong Kong beat Chinese Taipei in semi-final but lose by one goal in the final against North Korea. Hong Kong was awarded runners' up in the tournament.
Exhibition matches
Xtep Cup
Canon Cup
References
Pandemis lamprosana, the woodgrain leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from the north-eastern United States, Quebec and Ontario.
The length of the forewings is 8-10.5 mm for males and 9.5–12 mm for females. The forewings are light brown with fasciate markings. The hindwings are white to light grey. Adults are on wing from late June to July in one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of various deciduous trees, including Acer rubrum, Acer saccharinum, Acer spicatum, Betula alleghaniensis, Betula papyrifera, Ostrya virginiana, Gleditsia triacanthos, Fagus species, Quercus species (including Quercus rubra), Hamamelis species, Sassafras species, Fraxinus species (including Fraxinus americana), Platanus species, Prunus virginiana, Populus tremuloides, Tilia americana, Ulmus americana and Ulmus rubra. Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 20 mm. They are uniform green. The species overwinters as a third instar larva. Pupation takes place at the final larval feeding site.
References
Moths described in 1869
Pandemis
Khushbagh (also spelled as Khoshbagh; literally "Garden of Happiness") is the garden-cemetery of the Nawabs of Bengal, situated on the west bank of the Bhagirathi river, about a mile from its east bank, in the Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district, West Bengal, India. Khushbagh hosts the graves of the Nawabs of Bengal of the Afshar dynasty and their family members; while Jafarganj Cemetery hosts the graves of the later Nawabs and their families, starting from Mir Jafar, who belonged to the Najafi dynasty. Khushbagh is the resting place of Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah, his wife Lutf-un-nisa, Nawab Alivardi Khan, and his mother, amongst others.
Geography
Location
Khushbagh is located at .
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivisions. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
History
The garden-cemetery was built by the first Nawab of Bengal, Nawab Alivardi Khan. It consists of walled enclosures. The outer walls had looped holes for musketry and used to be flanked by octagonal bastions. The garden hosts the graves of Siraj ud-Daulah and Alivardi Khan, inside a square, flat-roofed mausoleum surrounded by an arcade verandah. It also hosts a mosque, built by Nawab Alivardi Khan, on the lines of the Jama Masjid of Delhi, built on a plinth of area.
After the death of Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah, in the Battle of Plassey in 1757, his wife Lutfunnisa Begum refused to join Mir Jafar's harem and fled to Dacca (present day Dhaka, in Bangladesh). She later returned to Murshidabad, and it is said that she lived in Khushbagh tending to his grave and the 108 varieties of roses which once bloomed in the gardens, for several years. She also allegedly spent 1,000 for the maintenance of Khushbagh and after her death, in 1790, she was buried near the grave of her husband Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah.
The garden-cemetery is built on a land and is surrounded by a long wall.
Gallery
References
External links
Tourist attractions in Murshidabad
Cemeteries in India
The Diamond State Base Ball Club is a baseball team that played in Wilmington, Delaware in the mid-1860s through the early 1870s. The ball club was revived as a vintage baseball team in 2008 in Delaware City, Delaware.
History
At the conclusion of the Civil War, the sport of baseball (or baseball, as it was spelled at the time) experienced a tremendous explosion in interest. New ball clubs began to form in every city and town in the country almost as soon at the war was settled. Interest in baseball certainly was no different in the burgeoning industrial city of Wilmington, Delaware.
On October 2, 1865, a group of Wilmington's leading businessmen and attorneys met to discuss the formation of a new amateur club to represent its city. Founders of the club, called the Diamond State Base Ball Club, included attorneys Levi C. Bird, Anthony Higgins, Benjamin Nields and several others.
The ball club rented a home ball field for its practice and games, which was located at Delaware Avenue and Adams Street, adjacent to the Wilmington & Brandywine Cemetery, at what was then the edge of the Wilmington's city limits.
Diamond State Base Ball Club hastily arranged its first ever match, which was played at its home field on October 7, 1865 against a student team from nearby St. Mary's College. Rival baseball clubs soon formed all around the city and state, though none would prove to be as well-organized or competitively strong as the Diamond State nine. They went on to dominate play in Delaware throughout the remainder of the 1860s, winning several state championships during that period.
Interest in the Diamond State Base Ball Club began to wane by 1870, as other Delaware clubs rose to challenge them. The club disbanded in the early years of the decade. A brief attempt was made to revive the club in the mid-1870s to little avail.
Famous alumni
The most accomplished Diamond State ball player was Fergy Malone, who led the club to the Delaware state championship during the 1866 seasons. Malone is widely recognized as a baseball pioneer and one of the finest catchers of the 19th century.
A fine player for Diamond State in his own right, Anthony Higgins found greater acclaim away from baseball, as a member of the bench and, later, as a Delaware Senator.
Modern club
The Diamond State Base Ball Club was revived and reformed in October 2008 as a vintage baseball club. The modern day ball club bases its uniform colors and design on the uniforms worn by its 1860s predecessor. Also in keeping with the tradition of the original Diamond State club, the modern team plays all of its games according to baseball rules of the mid-1860s to early 1870s.
The Diamond State Base Ball Club conducted its first practice on October 18, 2008 at Rockford Park in Wilmington, Delaware. In April 2009, the reformed club began playing matches at its regular home field at Fort DuPont State Park in Delaware City, Delaware. Diamond State also has played home matches elsewhere around Delaware and the region, including at Fort Delaware State Park on Pea Patch Island, on the Legislative Green in Dover, Delaware, on the grounds of Twin Lakes Brewing Company in Greenville, Delaware, Hagley Museum in Wilmington, Delaware, Rockford Park in Wilmington, Delaware, the Governor William H.H. Ross Mansion in Seaford, Delaware, the Port Penn Area Historical Society in Port Penn, Delaware, and in Riverview Beach Park in Pennsville, New Jersey.
Diamond State Base Ball Club is a founding member of the Mid Atlantic Vintage Base Ball League.
The Diamond States won just 1 game against 15 losses in their 2009 season, then improved to 12 wins against 18 losses in their 2010 season. Improvement continued in 2011, when they recorded 19 wins against 12 losses, and in 2012, notching 24 wins against just 8 losses, including a 16-game winning streak at one point. In 2013, the Diamond State Base Ball Club added a second nine, going by the Atlas of Delaware City. The purpose of the Atlas nine is to get more playing time for members of the Diamond State Club that typically do not play in games involving the first nine. The Atlas nine is a less competitive and more recreational match than the first nine of the Diamond State Club. In the inaugural season of the Atlas nine, 2013, the Diamond State Base Ball Club's first nine recorded 18 wins against 10 losses, including key wins in the Mid-Atlantic Vintage Base Ball League's post-season championship tournament (see below). The Atlas Nine played just four contests in their first season, winning once and losing three. In 2014, the Diamond State first nine recorded 23 wins against 12 losses, and the Atlas Nine recorded 1 win against 4 losses.
Appearances in postseason events
In 2011, the Diamond State Base Ball Club hosted the Championship Tournament of the Mid-Atlantic Vintage Base Ball League on the Parade Grounds at Fort DuPont State Park. The Diamond States defeated the Cecil Base Ball Club of Chesapeake City, Maryland by a score of 10-4, advancing to the semi-finals, where they were defeated by a score of 6-5 in 11 innings by the Brooklyn Atlantics. The team then lost the consolation game to the Fair Play Base Ball Club of Talbot County, Maryland by a score of 14-7.
In 2013, the Diamond State Base Ball Club traveled to Harrington, Delaware to participate again in the Championship Tournament of the Mid-Atlantic Vintage Base Ball League. They began by defeating the Eclipse Base Ball Club of Elkton, Maryland by a score of 9-3. They again met the Brooklyn Atlantics in the semi-final round, this time defeating the Atlantics, 13-3. In the championship game, the Excelsior Base Ball Club of Milford, Delaware defeated the Diamond States by a score of 4-3.
Mission statement
The Diamond State Base Ball Club is a non-profit amateur organization created for the purposes of providing physical fitness to its members, educating the public on the history of baseball and local history, and serving as a point of public pride.
References
External links
Sports in Wilmington, Delaware
Defunct baseball teams in Delaware
1865 establishments in Delaware
Baseball teams established in 1865
Baseball teams disestablished in 1872
The 13th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film was held from February 28 to March 3, 2008 in Suzdal, Russia. The winners for all of the main award categories were announced on March 2nd. The jury consisted of 33 professionals in a variety of different professions related to animation. 85 films, totaling over 14 hours of running time, were screened. This was the first festival held after the death of Aleksandr Tatarskiy, who had headed all the previous festivals. The artistic director in his place was Aleksandr Gerasimov.
Main awards
Other prizes
Jury rating
Each jury member was asked to list their top 5 five films of the festival. 5 points were given for a 1st place vote and so on, down to 1 point for a 5th place vote. An official award was given to the top three films at the closing ceremony.
External links
Official website with the results
Breakdown of jury votes
Breakdown of jury votes (categories)
Ani
Open Russian Festival of Animated Film
2008 film festivals
2008 festivals in Asia
2008 festivals in Europe
2008 in animation
Kiril Kiryakov (, born 13 October 1953) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cztery Słupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
ECWA Legacy Championship is the secondary championship contested in the independent professional wrestling promotion, East Coast Wrestling Association.The current champion is Sam Shields, who is in his first reign.
Title history
Combined reigns
As of , .
References
Duncan, Royal and Gary Will. Wrestling Title Histories, Revised 4th Edition. Waterloo, Ontario: Archeus Communications, 2000.
External links
Official title history at East Coast Wrestling Association
ECWA Legacy Championship
East Coast Wrestling Association championships
Regional professional wrestling championships
Route 151 is a highway in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Route 15/Route 156 about south of Edina; its southern terminus is at Route 22/Route 124 in Centralia.
Route 151 was designated in 1949, replacing all or part of several state-lettered routes. In 1955, Route 151 was extended onto an old alignment of Route 22 after Route 22 was realigned west of Centralia. Because of the extension, Route 151 intersects Route 22 twice and the two routes are briefly multiplexed. As of 1957, Route 151 was completely hard-surfaced.
Major intersections
References
151
Transportation in Boone County, Missouri
Transportation in Knox County, Missouri
Burkina Faso competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Delegation
The country sent a team of 1 athletes, a man, to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. He competed in athletics.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Jacques Ouedraogo competed in the Men's 100m - T54 event. In Round 1 Heat 2, he finished seventh in a time of 19:34. The French speaking 38-year-old from Ouagadougou is coached by Issouf Darahkoum. He started participating in athletics in 1996 for fun, and continued in the sport because it provided him with a number of opportunities he would not have had otherwise. He competes at the African Games in 2003 and 2005, winning silver medals in his event at both Games. These performances were his best in international competition. He is a member of the Abushis athletics club.
Men's Track
See also
Burkina Faso at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Paralympics
Emperor Alexander was launched in Scarborough in 1813. She traded to the Mediterranean, North America, and Brazil before suffering a maritime mishap in 1819. She was repaired and returned to service. She then sailed between Liverpool and Hamburg. She was last listed in 1827.
Career
Emperor Alexander first appeared in Lloyd's List (LL) in 1815 with A.Suter, master, Scarborough ownership, and trade Portsmouth–Cork.
Emperor Alexander, Reay, master, was driven ashore and wrecked on 18 November 1819 at Orfordness, with the loss of two of her crew. Part of her cargo was expected to be saved. She was on a voyage from Saint Petersburg to London.
Citations
1813 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in 1819
Rhodri Colwyn Philipps, 4th Viscount St Davids (born 16 September 1966) is a British hereditary peer.
A businessman and company director, , Philipps had been declared bankrupt three times, had a criminal conviction for financial mismanagement and two further convictions for menacing communications, and was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison for one of the latter.
Titles and family
He is the eldest son and heir of British peer Colwyn Philipps, 3rd Viscount St Davids (d.2009), and Augusta Victoria Correay Larraín (a Chilean national, from Santiago).
Besides his viscountcy, which he inherited on the death of his father, he holds the older titles of Baron Strange of Knockin (1299), Baron Hungerford (1426), and Baron de Moleyns (1445), and the baronetcy of Picton Castle (1621). He is also a co-heir to the barony of Grey de Ruthyn.
Philipps is married to the interior decorator Sarah Louise Butcher, who holds the title Lady St Davids. The heir presumptive to the viscountcy is his younger brother Roland.
Legal problems
Financial matters
Philipps has received attention since at least the early 2000s, in relation to his business and legal affairs. He was first declared bankrupt in 2002, and subsequently held directorships in several companies. In September 2008, having been denied bail as a flight risk, Philipps spent more than a year in prison in Nuremberg. Claims were investigated that he used more than £350,000 of company funds on promoting an opera singer, £12,000 to rent a private jet and £5,000 on a shotgun from James Purdey. He was eventually given a two-year suspended prison sentence by a German court for mismanagement of funds related to his construction company Hans Brochier, from which he transferred a seven-figure sum to a newly registered company in the UK in 2005. In 2009 he appealed against the sentence.
In September 2010, Philipps' West Sussex property, Strange Place, in Northchapel, was repossessed by Barclays Bank. In March 2011, he was declared bankrupt for a second time, and in November 2011 his wife, Viscountess St Davids, was sued for unpaid debts.
In March 2012, Philipps unsuccessfully sued offshore legal advisors Corporate & Chancery Group for £110 million in the Supreme Court of Mauritius, alleging fraud and mismanagement. In February 2016, he was declared bankrupt for a third time.
Menacing communications
Following a complaint made in November 2016, Philipps was arrested in January 2017 by Metropolitan Police officers investigating online abuse against a 51-year-old woman. In March 2017, he was charged with malicious communications with racially aggravated factors, over alleged threats against Gina Miller, who was behind a successful legal challenge against the UK government's intention to give notice to leave the European Union without an act of parliament. Among other communications, he posted on Facebook: "£5,000 for the first person to 'accidentally' run over this bloody troublesome first generation immigrant" and "If this is what we should expect from immigrants, send them back to their stinking jungles". He pleaded 'not guilty' to three charges of menacing communication under section 127 of the Communications Act 2003 when he appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 2 May 2017. At the May hearing, the prosecution said the crown would seek an extended sentence because of the racial aggravation factor. He was found guilty of two charges at his trial on 11 July 2017, at which he defended himself. Philipps was also convicted for comments made in response to a news article about an immigrant, in which he had written: "I will open the bidding. £2,000 in cash for the first person to carve Arnold Sube into pieces. Piece of shit". Philipps, who described his own comments as "satire", was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison. He was released on bail, pending an appeal. The appeal was abandoned by Philipps on 25 August 2017 some fifteen minutes after Judge Deborah Taylor informed Southwark Crown Court that there was a risk his sentence could be increased. Philipps was then required to serve the remainder of his original sentence.
Arms
Notes and references
Notes
References
1966 births
Living people
People educated at Worth School
Viscounts in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
British white-collar criminals
British people convicted of hate crimes
20th-century Welsh criminals
People convicted of racial hatred offences
Prisoners and detainees of England and Wales
Barons Strange
Barons Hungerford
People from Northchapel
Rose & Peterson was an architectural firm in Kansas City, Kansas. It was a partnership of William Warren Rose (1864–1931) and David Burton Peterson (1875–1937).
Rose served as mayor of Kansas City during 1905–07, and accomplished the creation of a municipal water system.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):
Box Butte County Courthouse, Box Butte Ave. between E. 5th and 6th Sts., Alliance, Nebraska (Rose & Peterson), NRHP-listed
Burt County Courthouse, 13th St. between M and N Sts., Tekamah, Nebraska (Rose & Peterson), NRHP-listed
Northeast Junior High School, 400 Troup Ave., Kansas City, Kansas (Rose & Peterson), NRHP-listed
Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Building, 600 N. 7th St., Kansas City, KS (Rose & Peterson), NRHP-listed
Argentine Carnegie Library, Twenty-eighth St. and Metropolitan Ave., Kansas City, KS (Rose, William W.; Peterson, David B.), NRHP-listed
Carnegie Library (Newton, Kansas), 203 Main St., Newton, KS (Rose, W. W.), NRHP-listed
Kansas City, Kansas City Hall and Fire Headquarters, 805 and 815 N. Sixth St., Kansas City, KS (Rose, William W.; Peterson, David B.), NRHP-listed
Manhattan Carnegie Library Building, Fifth and Poyntz, Manhattan, KS (Rose, William Warren), NRHP-listed
Scottish Rite Temple (Kansas City, Kansas), 803 N. 7th St., Kansas City, KS (Rose, William W.), NRHP-listed
Hamlin County Courthouse, 300 4th St., Hayti, SD (Rose, Wm. & Peterson, D.B.), NRHP-listed
Lowell Elementary School, 1040 Orville Ave., Kansas City, KS (Rose, William W.; Peterson, David B.), NRHP-listed
Kansas City, Kansas City Hall and Fire Headquarters, 805 and 815 N. Sixth St., Kansas City, KS (Peterson, David B.), NRHP-listed
One or more works in Newton Main Street Historic District I, 200 through 214 and 203 through 301 N. Main St., Newton, KS (Rose, William), NRHP-listed
References
Architecture firms based in Kansas
Defunct companies based in Kansas
Doctor Robert William Irvine, (1853–1897) nicknamed "Bulldog", was a Scotland international rugby football player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played for Edinburgh Academicals.
Provincial career
He represented Edinburgh District against Glasgow District in the Inter-City matches; and played in the first match in 1872.
He represented East of Scotland District against West of Scotland District in 1876.
International career
He was capped 13 times for between 1871 and 1880, including the first ever rugby international.
Family
He was the brother of Duncan Irvine who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1853 births
1897 deaths
Rugby union players from Perth and Kinross
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Perthshire RFC players
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
East of Scotland District players
Rugby union forwards
Jean-Louis Colliot-Thélène (born 2 December 1947), is a French mathematician. He is a Directeur de Recherches at CNRS at the Université Paris-Saclay in Orsay.
He studies mainly number theory and arithmetic geometry.
Awards
Prize of the French Academy of Sciences "Charles Louis de Saulces de Freycine" (1985)
Invited Speaker to the International Congress of Mathematicians (Berkeley 1986)
Fermat Prize for mathematical research (1991)
Grand prize of the French Academy of Sciences "Léonid Frank" (2009)
Fellow of the American Mathematical Society (2012)
References
External links
The personal web page of Jean-Louis Colliot-Thélène
Léonid Frank prize
1947 births
Number theorists
Paris-Sud 11 University alumni
École Normale Supérieure alumni
20th-century French mathematicians
21st-century French mathematicians
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Living people
Paris-Saclay University faculty
"Lose Your Mind" is BoA's 24th Japanese single. Alongside the title track is one B-side, "Smile Again". Lose Your Mind was released on December 12, 2007.
Music video
The music video features BoA as a supermodel on the catwalk. She and two other female backup dancers start dancing on the catwalk and are joined by three male dancers. The music video also shows BoA in a short black wig. Yutaka Furukawa from Doping Panda also makes an appearance in the music video, playing the electric guitar. BoA's three outfits in the music video are a huge contrast to each other. She and her backup dancers are featured wearing black clothes. Later in the music video they are all wearing more casual clothes.
Track listing
CD
Lose Your Mind (featuring Yutaka Furukawa from Doping Panda)
Smile Again
Lose Your Mind (featuring Yutaka Furukawa from Doping Panda) (Instrumental)
Smile Again (Instrumental)
DVD
Lose Your Mind (featuring Yutaka Furukawa from Doping Panda) (Music Clip)
Live performances
2007.11.24 - Music Fair 21
2007.12.07 - Music Station
2007.12.15 - Music Japan
2007.12.16 - CDTV
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
2007 singles
2007 songs
BoA songs
Avex Trax singles
Songs written by Jonas Jeberg
Songs written by Greg Lawson
Songs written by Damon Sharpe
WVR may refer to:
Railways
The Willamette Valley Railway in Oregon, USA
The Wye Valley Railway in Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire, UK
Information technology
IBM Websphere Voice Response, an enterprise IVR platform
Other uses
The Women's Emergency Corps, which became the Women's Volunteer Reserve
Water Vapor Regain (%WVR), the mass of water (%WbV) reabsorbed by a material after being re-exposed to 50% RH at 23°C for 24 hours
Weighted voting rights (WVR) structure, public companies' share structure, which enables certain shareholders (typically called A-share) to have greater voting power in general meetings.
Bangladesh–South Korea relations (; ) refer to the diplomatic and bilateral relations between the countries of Bangladesh and South Korea. In 1974, South Korea opened its embassy in the capital Dhaka, with the latter nation opening its embassy in 1987.
History
In 2008, the Ministry of Justice of South Korea ceased the protocol of visa exemption. It was decided that because the amount
of temporary residents from Bangladesh reached over 13,000 throughout South Korea, both nations should get permission from each country to enter from 15 July 2008 onwards.
In South Korea, there are more than 13,000 Bangladeshi foreign workers in the country. A significant number of them are temporary immigrants. This has led to prejudice towards Bangladeshi expatriates, an issue tackled by the 2009 South Korean film Bandhobi, directed by Sin Dong-il.
See also
Foreign relations of Bangladesh
Foreign relations of South Korea
Buddhism in Bangladesh
Christianity in Bangladesh
Islam in Korea
Hinduism in Korea
References
External links
Embassy of Bangladesh
Embassy of Republic of Korea
Ministry of Commerce Bangladesh
Bangladesh Bridge Authority
Korea, South
Bilateral relations of South Korea
Jacob Willemszoon de Wet or Jacob Willemsz. de Wet the Elder (c. 1610 – between 1675 and 1691) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, whose works were largely influenced by Rembrandt.
Biography
De Wet was born and died in Haarlem. Little is known of his early life. Houbraken mentions him in passing as an art dealer of Haarlem in his biographical sketch of Philips Wouwerman, referring to him as Jan de Wet. Houbraken relates a story in which Philips Wouwerman burned his sketchbooks before his death, so that his brother Pieter wouldn't be able to use them and cash in on his name. Houbraken claimed that the story was malicious gossip, but he had heard another story that was probably closer to the truth. Apparently after Pieter van Laer had returned to Haarlem, he received less for his art than in Rome, but he refused to lower his price. When a landscape that van Laer had made was considered too expensive by Jan de Wet (a dealer), the buyer contracted the then young Philips Wouwermans to copy it, which he did quite well. The success of this transaction launched the career of the young Wouwermans at the expense of Pieter van Laer. Houbraken heard from Michiel Carré who in turn heard it from Pieter Gerritsz van Roestraten and Jacob de Wet that guilt had forced Wouwerman to burn the proof of all of his copies before he died.
De Wet left a notebook that mentions a total of 34 pupils, most famously Paulus Potter. Other notable pupils were Job Adriaensz Berckheyde, Adriaen Jansz Kraen, Johann Philip Lemke, Jan Vermeer van Haarlem I (not to be confused with Vermeer of Delft), Jacob de Wet II, and Kort Withold. He became a member of the Haarlem Guild of St. Luke in 1632. Judging from the number of pupils, and the difficulties his son Jacob II had with launching an independent career, it seems that De Wet had a large and successful practise in Haarlem. His son Jacob II was the only one of 5 children who also became a painter.
References
External links
Jacob de Wet on Artnet
Paintings by Jacob Willemsz. de Wet, Web Gallery of Art
Works and literature on Jacob Willemsz. de Wet at PubHist
1610s births
1680s deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Haarlem
Painters from Haarlem
The 1938 Italian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Monza on 11 September 1938.
Classification
References
Italian Grand Prix
Italian Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Eshkur (, also Romanized as Eshkūr) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 295, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Radostów may refer to the following places:
Radostów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Radostów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Radostów, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Firebird USA LLC (formerly Firebird Skydiving GmbH and Firebird Sky Sports AG) is an American parachute manufacturer based in Eloy, Arizona. The company also has locations in Germany, Sri Lanka, and the Czech Republic, and was formerly based in Füssen and Bitburg, Germany. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of parachutes and at one time also constructed paragliders and parafoil kites.
Background
Firebird was founded as Performance Variable by Bernd Pohl in 1995. In 2017 skydivers Sara and Steve Curtis, and George Reuter purchased Firebird. After previously manufacturing its products in Germany and the Czech Republic, in 2018, the company moved its production facility to Eloy, Arizona, a city that has the world's biggest drop zone.
In the mid-2000s, as Firebird Sky Sports AG, the company produced a range of 11 different models of paragliders, including the beginner Firebird Sub-One and Z-One, the intermediate Grid and Hornet, the competition Debute and Tribute as well as the two-place Choice Zip Bi, that incorporated zippers to reduce its wing area. Once one of the world's leading manufacturers of paragliders, the company stopped producing them around 2013 to concentrate on parachutes for military and civil applications, along with reserve parachutes. Today, Firebird manufactures custom parachutes and related products such as tandem rigs for parachutes, reserve parachutes, harness-and-container systems, and magnetic riser covers.
Products
Canopies
FB Tandem
Rush Reserve
Quick 400 Reserve
Containers
Evo
Evo Student
Evo Tandem
Aircraft
Summary of paragliders built by Firebird, introduced in the mid-2000s and since out of production:
Firebird Choice Zip Bi
Firebird Debute
Firebird Grid
Firebird Hornet
Firebird Hornet Sport
Firebird Sub-One
Firebird Tribute
Firebird Z-One
References
External links
Aircraft manufacturers of Germany
Parachuting in Germany
Paragliders
Manufacturing companies based in Arizona
Parachuting in the United States
Eloy, Arizona
Earle K. Bergey (August 26, 1901 – September 30, 1952) was an American artist and illustrator who painted cover art for thousands of pulp fiction magazines and paperback books. One of the most prolific pulp fiction artists of the 20th century, Bergey is recognized for creating, at the height of his career in 1948, the iconic cover of Anita Loos's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1925) for Popular Library.
Bergey was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to A. Frank and Ella Kulp Bergey. He attended Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts from 1921 to 1926. He initially went to work in the art departments of Philadelphia newspapers including Public Ledger, and he drew the comic strip Deb Days in 1927 for the Public Ledger Syndicate. Early in his career, Bergey contributed many covers to the pulp magazines of publisher Fiction House. By the mid-1930s, Bergey made a home and studio in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and he married in 1935. In the late 1940s, he also started to sell cover illustrations to the rapidly expanding paperback book industry. Bergey died suddenly and unexpectedly on September 30, 1952 in New Hope, Pennsylvania with family at his side. Cause of death according to his death certificate was acute coronary thrombosis due to coronary artery disease.
Pulp magazines
Throughout the 1930s, Bergey worked freelance for a number of publishing houses. His eye-catching paintings were predominantly featured as covers on a wide array of pulp magazines, including romance (Thrilling Love, Popular Love, Love Romances) as well as detective, adventure, aviation, and Westerns. Bergey also illustrated mainstream publications during this time, such as The Saturday Evening Post, and produced cover art for fitness magazines. Along with pin-up painting peers such as Enoch Bolles and H. J. Ward, Bergey was one of the first prominent American pin-up artists, contributing hundreds of covers to influential magazines including Gay Book Magazine, Pep Stories, and Snappy.
During the 1940s, Bergey continued to paint covers for romance, sports, and detective pulp magazines, and he began working on a number of science fiction magazines, including Standard Magazines's Strange Stories, Startling Stories, and Captain Future, and later for Fantastic Story Magazine. Bergey's fine art training and salient gift for depicting anatomy made him a go-to artist across a diversity of genres that required scenes with dramatic movement, from photo-realistic sports portraits of famous athletes including Mickey Cochrane, Lou Gehrig, and Jim Thorpe to his signature Bergey Girls that appeared on risque pulps throughout the Depression and in science fiction scenarios from World War II.
Bergey's science fiction covers, sometimes described as "Bim, BEM, Bum," usually featured a woman being menaced by a Bug-Eyed Monster, alien, or robot, with an heroic male astronaut coming to her assistance. The bikini-tops he painted often resembled coppery metal, giving rise to the phrase "the girl in the brass bra," used in reference to this sort of art. Visionaries in TV and film have been influenced by Bergey's work. Gene Roddenberry, for example, provided his production designer for Star Trek with examples of Bergey's futuristic pulp covers. The artist's illustrations of scantily-clad women surviving in outer space served as an inspiration for Princess Leia's slave-girl outfit in Return of the Jedi, and Madonna's conical brass brassiere.
Paperbacks
In 1948, Bergey made the transition to the rapidly expanding paperback book industry along with skilled pulp artists like Rudolph Belarski, whose work is often confused with Bergey's. While continuing to paint pulp covers until his death, Bergey sold illustrations to at least four leading paperback publishing houses, including Popular Library and Pocket Books. His art graced the covers of dozens of novels and helped to sell millions of volumes. His paperback cover illustrations were as diverse as his work for the pulps. In addition to his work on the 1948 Popular Library edition of Anita Loos's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Bergey painted cover art for well-known authors from Émile Zola to the Western master, Zane Grey, whose 1951 Pocket Books edition cover painting for The Spirit of the Border is a Bergey classic. Many of his paperbacks are now cult classics, some featuring hidden self-portraits.
See also
Good girl art
List of pinup artists
Paperback
Pin-up girl
Princess Leia's metal bikini
Thrilling Publications
References
Bergey, Joshua David (2019). "[Pulp] Art is Not a Mirror: When the Male Gaze Determines the Defining Narrative of American Pulp Fiction Art." National Conference of the Popular Culture Association: Washington, DC.
Bergey, Joshua David (2014). "Doubling in Murder: American Pulp Art and the Visual Legacy of Earle K. Bergey." Maine College of Art, Department of Illustration: Portland, ME.
Di Fate, Vincent. Infinite Worlds: The Fantastic Visions of Science Fiction Art, with Foreword by Ray Bradbury. New York, NY: Penguin Studio, 1997. .
.
.
Scott, Alison M (1997). "They Came from the Newsstand." Primary Sources and Original Works. 4:1-2: 39–46. doi: 10.1300/J269v04n01_04.
Strickler, Dave. Syndicated Comic Strips and Artists, 1924-1995: The Complete Index. Cambria, CA: Comics Access, 1995. .
External links
14 covers by Bergey
Earle K. Bergey artwork can be viewed at American Art Archives web site
Official site for the artist Earle K. Bergey - coming soon
1901 births
1952 deaths
American illustrators
American speculative fiction artists
Artists from Philadelphia
Pin-up artists
Science fiction artists
Pulp fiction artists
The womenare Over 70 kg (+154 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the heaviest of the female Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the super heavyweight division when compared to the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were five women taking part in the competition, all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to the low number of competitors unsuitable for a tournament designed for eight, two women had byes through to the semi finals. The tournament was won by Russia's Oxana Kinakh who defeated Hungarian Barbara Kovacs in the final by split decision. Ireland's Diana Cambell and Germany's Natali John won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The 2005 Formula Nippon Championship was contested over 9 rounds. 8 teams, 17 drivers competed. All teams had to use Lola B3/51 chassis and Mugen Honda (Mugen MF308) engines.
Teams and drivers
Calendar
All races were held in Japan.
Calendar changes
The race in Sepang was discontinued.
Fuji returned with two races.
Championship standings
Drivers' Championship
Scoring system
Teams' Championship
External links
2005 Japanese Championship Formula Nippon
Formula Nippon
Super Formula
Nippon
Boston Teran is the pseudonymous American author of thirteen novels.
Works
God Is a Bullet (1999)
Never Count Out the Dead (2001)
The Prince of Deadly Weapons (2002)
Trois Femmes (2006)
Giv: The Story of a Dog and America (2009)
The Creed of Violence (2010)
Gardens of Grief (2011)
The World Eve Left Us (2012)
The Cloud and the Fire (2013)
The Country I Lived In (2013)
By Your Deeds (2016)
A Child Went Forth (2018)
How Beautiful They Were (2019)
Two Boys at Breakwater (July 2021)
Awards and distinctions
Winner, 2000 CWA John Creasey Award for best first novel: God is a Bullet
Finalist, 2000 Mystery Writers of America Edgar Award for Best First Novel: God is a Bullet
Longlist, 2001 International Dublin Literary Award: God is a Bullet
Winner, 2001 Japan Adventure Fiction Association Prize: God is a Bullet
Longlist, 2011 International Dublin Literary Award: Giv: The Story of a Dog and America
Finalist, 2011 ForeWord INDIES for Adult Fiction (Historical): Gardens of Grief
Silver Winner, 2012 ForeWord INDIES for Adult Fiction (Translations): The World Eve Left Us
Finalist, 2018 Foreword INDIES for Adult Fiction (Historical): A Child Went Forth
Historical Fiction in the 2019 International Book Awards “A Child Went Forth”
Finalist for Historical Fiction in the 2019 ForeWord Reviews “Book of the Year” Awards “A Child Went Forth”
Silver for Historical Fiction in the 2019 Independent Publishers Awards “A Child Went Forth”
Winner in the “Adventure: Historical” category at the 2019 American Fiction Awards “A Child Went Forth”
Finalist, 2022 Eric Hoffer Award. Montaigne Medal Finalist: Two Boys At Breakwater
Silver in the 34th annual IBPA Benjamin Franklin Award™ program in the following category: LGBTQ+ "Two Boys At Breakwater"
References
External links
Official website
20th-century American novelists
American mystery writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tankki täyteen (literal translation "Filling the Tank") is a Finnish sitcom television series produced by Yle. The series was written by Neil Hardwick and Jussi Tuominen and was directed by Esko Leimu together with Neil Hardwick. It was one of the most watched and renewed Finnish television comedy series of the 1980s. It was first shown on Yle TV2 between 1978 and 1980. The first production season (1978) comprised six episodes and the second (1980) five episodes.
Premise
The centerpiece of the series is Emilia and Sulo Vilén's (Sylvi Salonen and Tauno Karvonen) gas station, which is hardly visited by customers, as there is no longer access to the service station from the new bypass. Vilén's contemporary son Juhana (Ilmari Saarelainen), as well as the unmarried bar assistant Ulla (Tuire Salenius), the priest (Erkki Siltola) and the regular guest, the village constable Artturi Reinikainen (Tenho Saurén) are among the key figures in the series. Constable Reinikainen was actually so popular that he later got his own title series, Reinikainen, which was the first spin-off series on Finnish television. Tuominen has characterized Juhana Vilén as a common alter ego between him and Hardwick.
Location
The filling station in the series's exterior pictures was the Kesoil service station, which was demolished in the late 1980s and was located in the center of Ylöjärvi, west of the junction of the Vaasantie and Kuruntie roads, about 100 meters from the Kuruntie bridge towards Vaasa. During the filming of the series, a Kale family lived in the bar section of the service station, with the workshop stable on the workshop side. An apartment building has been built on the site. The service station had been completed in 1960 for the Autori service station chain in the Tampere and Pori regions and switched to Kesoil in 1964.
Episodes
Re-presentations
Even today, the series enjoys strong cult following in Finland. The latest presentation of the series was shown on TV2 in the spring of 2020, when all episodes of the series were shown. The theater version of the series, compiled from episodes 1–6, was presented at the Orimattila local summer theater, which premiered on July 4, 2008. In summer 2009 and 2010, Kauhajoki's Teatteri Kajo also performed the first production season spiced with music and in 2012 the second production season. The musical version by Teatteri Eurooppa Neljä premiered at the Sappee Summer Theater in Pälkäne on June 15, 2011.
Home releases
Huoltamo halvalla (episodes 1–6) VHS (2001)
Yrittänyttä ei laiteta – halvalla (episodes 7–11) VHS (2002)
Kaikki halvalla (all episodes) DVD (2002)
See also
List of Finnish television series
References
External links
1978 Finnish television series debuts
1980s Finnish television series endings
Finnish comedy television series
1970s sitcoms
Yle original programming
1980s sitcoms
Fraud is intentional deception to secure unfair or unlawful gain, or to deprive a victim of a legal right.
Fraud or Frauds may also refer to:
Fraud (book), 2006 non-fiction book
Fraud (film), 2016 conceptual documentary film
Frauds (film), 1993 Australian film
Frauds (soundtrack), soundtrack of the 1993 film
Fraud (TV series), 2022 Pakistani television series
The 2011 Moçambola was the 36th season of top-tier football in Mozambique. The season began on 5 March. Liga Muçulmana were the defending champions, having won their 1st Mozambican championship in 2010. They successfully defended their title.
The league comprises 14 teams, the bottom three of which will play a relegation round.
League table
Results
Each team plays every opponent twice, once at each team's home ground.
Goalscorers
References
Moçambola
Mozambique
Mozambique
football
USS PCS-1386, later renamed USS Hampton (PCS-1386), was a United States Navy patrol craft sweeper - a type of patrol minesweeper - in commission from 1944 to 1956. When renamed, she became the third U.S. Navy ship to bear the name Hampton.
Construction and commissioning
PCS-1386 laid down by the Wheeler Shipbuilding Corporation at Whitestone, New York. Launched on 28 September 1944, she was commissioned on 4 November 1944 with Lieutenant Thomas R. McMahan in command.
Operational history
Equipped with the latest sonar gear, PCS-1386 was assigned to the Fleet Sound School Squadron following her shakedown period. From her arrival at Key West, Florida, on 25 November 1944, until the end of World War II in August 1945, she trained officers and enlisted men in submarine detection, preparing the students to operate the range recorder and attack plotter during antisubmarine warfare operations by destroyers and destroyer escorts.
After World War II, PCS-1386 continued training operations based at Key West. She also participated in naval exercises in the Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexico between 1946 and 1956.
PCS-1386 was renamed USS Hampton (PCS-1386) on 15 February 1956. She was the third U.S. Navy ship to bear the name Hampton.
Decommissioning, reserve training use, and disposal
Hampton was decommissioned on 27 April 1956. She was transferred to the 5th Naval District and assigned to the Naval Reserve Training Center, Baltimore, Maryland. She operated as a training ship in a non-commissioned status until she was stricken from the Navy List on 1 July 1959 and sold.
References
NavSource Online: Patrol Craft Sweeper Photo Archive Hampton (PCS-1386) ex-PCS-1386
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War II patrol vessels of the United States
Cold War patrol vessels of the United States
Minesweepers of the United States Navy
World War II minesweepers of the United States
Cold War minesweepers of the United States
Ships built in Queens, New York
1944 ships
Wizard rock (or Wrock) is a type of novelty rock music themed around the Harry Potter franchise. The music was largely prevalent in the United States in the early 2000s. Wizard rock initially started in Massachusetts with Harry and the Potters, though it has grown internationally.
Characteristics
Leading bands in this genre include Harry and the Potters and Draco and the Malfoys. Although most listeners of the genre are fans of Harry Potter, some bands have attracted listeners outside of the books' fanbase. Wizard rock songs are often written from the point of view of a particular character in the books, usually the character who features in the band's name. In contrast to mainstream bands that have some songs incorporating literary references among a wider repertoire of music (notably Led Zeppelin to The Lord of the Rings), wizard rock bands take their inspiration entirely from the Harry Potter universe. When performing live, wizard rock bands often cosplay, or dress as, characters from the novels. Some bands perform at fan conventions.
History
The earliest Harry Potter-themed song is conventionally traced to 2000 when the Los Angeles-based pop-punk band Switchblade Kittens released an "Ode to Harry" from the perspective of Ginny Weasley. Harry and the Potters originated the Harry Potter-themed band which became the genesis of a fandom-centered genre of music called wizard rock. As Harry and the Potters increased in popularity, other wizard rock bands started to emerge. Brian Ross and Bradley Mehlenbacher originally conceived Draco and the Malfoys as a parody of Harry and the Potters, who were performing at a local house party. In April 2005, Matt Maggiacomo invited Harry and the Potters to play at an all-Harry Potter show at his Rhode Island home. That night, Maggiacomo made his debut as The Whomping Willows, and his friends, Mehlenbacher and his brother, Brian Ross, played for the first time as Draco and the Malfoys.
There are also festivals focused on the genre such as Wrockstock, which was first held in 2007 in the United States.
In 2015, Mexican band Velvet Darkness released the song "Death Eaters" as part of their debut EP Delusion. It was later rerecorded in 2018 as bonus track for their debut LP Nothing But Glory, and a music video for the song was released in 2019 with a live recording of it. "Death Eaters" has led the band to play at several Harry Potter themed events, playing both their songs and heavy metal covers of the movies' soundtracks.
As of 2021, there remains a small but active wizard rock scene. Notable events include the Wrock From Home and O.W.L Fest online music festivals and the annual Wizard Rock Sampler compilation series, and websites such as Wizrocklopedia and the Facebook group "Wizard Rock Revival" see much activity, with dozens of active musical acts and thousands of fans. Bandcamp currently features many wizard rock releases from past and current bands.
See also
Harry Potter fandom
Filk
Middle-earth music
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Fanlore.org page about wizard rock
Your Wizard Rock Resource, a comprehensive database of bands and lyrics
American styles of music
American rock music genres
Fantasy music
Musical subcultures
2000s in music
21st-century music genres
Harry Potter fandom
Song Yet to Be Sung is the debut studio album by Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell, released on July 16, 2001, on Virgin Records.
Originally titled The Diamond Jubilee, it features collaborations from Farrell's bandmates Dave Navarro, Stephen Perkins and Martyn LeNoble. The title track was the official song in trailers for the series premiere of the television show Smallville.
"When I do get to rehearsing and playing it live," he said in early 2001, "there will still be highs, but they probably won't get up where Jane's goes. So if I am remembered for only one thing, then that's a shame. But if it burns brighter because Jane's is there, then I can live easy with that legacy."
Track listing
"Happy Birthday Jubilee" - 4:39
"Song Yet to Be Sung" - 4:54
"Did You Forget" - 4:10
"Shekina" - 4:53
"Our Song" - 4:21
"Say Something" - 3:45
"Seeds" - 3:48
"King Z" - 3:31
"To Me" - 2:59
"Nua Nua" - 4:37
"Admit I" - 4:23
"Happy Birthday Jubilee (reprise) - 2:40
Notes
2001 debut albums
Perry Farrell albums
Albums produced by Marius de Vries
Virgin Records albums
Thomas Clayton Davis (September 6, 1889 – January 21, 1960) was a lawyer, judge, diplomat and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Prince Albert in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1925 to 1939 as a Liberal.
He was born in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan (then a district of the Northwest Territories), the son of Thomas Osborne Davis, and was educated there and at St. John's College and Osgoode Hall. Davis then practised law in Prince Albert and later served two terms as alderman for the city; he was mayor from 1921 to 1924. Davis served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Municipal Affairs and as Attorney General. He helped convince William Lyon Mackenzie King to create Prince Albert National Park, which was opened in 1928. In 1929, Davis defeated John Diefenbaker to retain his seat in the provincial assembly. He resigned his seat in the provincial assembly in 1939 to become a judge in the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal. Davis' judicial career ended in 1940 when he was named federal Deputy Minister of War Services; however, he did not resign from the Court of Appeal until 1948. He was named Canadian High Commissioner to Australia in 1943 and went on to serve as ambassador to China, Japan and West Germany. Davis retired from diplomatic service in 1957, moving to Victoria.
References
External links
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
1889 births
1960 deaths
Pre-Confederation Saskatchewan people
Attorneys-General of Saskatchewan
Mayors of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan
Judges in Saskatchewan
High Commissioners of Canada to Australia
Ambassadors of Canada to China
Ambassadors of Canada to Japan
Ambassadors of Canada to West Germany
20th-century Canadian politicians
MONEY is an English alternative rock band, formed in Manchester in 2011 by Jamie Lee, Charlie Cocksedge, Billy Byron and Nick Delap.
History
Having formed in Manchester in 2011, MONEY is named after money, the medium of exchange. The band started out playing shows in venues such as Salford's Sacred Trinity Church and ‘The Bunker', a former factory near Strangeways prison and home to the independent label SWAYS, who released the band's debut 7" single, "Who's Going to Love You Now" / "Goodnight London" in January 2012. They followed that with ‘So Long (God is Dead)', released on the French label Almost Musique. Having been tracked down by Simon Raymonde, the band subsequently signed to Bella Union, headlining the label's Christmas party at the Union Chapel in London in December 2012 before taking to the studio to record their debut album.
The band's first single with Bella Union, "Bluebell Fields"', was released in June 2013, and shortly afterwards they announced their self-produced debut album, The Shadow of Heaven, which was released on 26 August 2013.
The band played several major UK and European festivals throughout the summer of 2013, as well as their first UK headline tour in June of that year.
In July 2013, the band unveiled the video to their new single, "Hold Me Forever"'. The video was the directorial debut of actor Cillian Murphy, featured dancers from the English National Ballet and was filmed at locations including The Old Vic Theatre in London.
Following positive reviews for their debut album, the band embarked on another headline UK tour in November 2013 and with their London show at the Shapes in Hackney having sold out, MONEY announced a headline London show at Heaven in February 2014.
In March 2014, the band played as support act to Wild Beasts across Europe.
The Shadow of Heaven was released in the United States and Canada on 6 May 2014 via Bella Union / PIAS. The band toured the US in September 2014, playing the Mercury Lounge and Glasslands in New York, and The Echo in Los Angeles. Shortly afterwards, they announced a tour of the UK for October 2014.
Their second album Suicide Songs was released on 29 January 2016 via Bella Union. It has received positive reviews and currently has 78 on Metacritic.
Discography
Studio albums
The Shadow of Heaven (26 August 2013, Bella Union)
Suicide Songs (29 January 2016, Bella Union)
Singles
Who's Going To Love You Now / Goodnight London (2012, SWAYS Records)
So Long (God is Dead) (2012, Almost Musique)
Bluebell Fields (June 2013, Bella Union)
Hold Me Forever (July 2013, Bella Union)
You Look Like A Sad Painting On Both Sides Of The Sky (2015, Bella Union)
I'll Be The Night (2015, Bella Union)
References
External links
Official MONEY website
MONEY on SoundCloud
MONEY on YouTube
MONEY on Spotify
British alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 2011
2011 establishments in England
Eduardo Gomes (born 31 December 1965) is a Portuguese sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he was eliminated in the repechages of the K-2 1000 m event.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
External links
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Portugal
Portuguese male canoeists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Steve Dooler is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played at club level for Featherstone Rovers (Heritage № 778), and Hunslet Hawks, as a , or , i.e. number 3 or 4, 6, 11 or 12, or 13.
Playing career
Dooler made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Friday 10 April 1998.
Testimonial match
Dooler's benefit season at Featherstone Rovers took place during the 2006 season.
References
External links
Statistics at rugbyleagueproject.org
Jamie Stokes
Testimonials and Benefit Seasons.
Peter Roe June 1999 to August 2001.
Steve Sims April 1997 to September 1998.
Featherstone Rovers Families ...
June 2013
Rugby League: Back o' t' Wall by ...
June 2012
April 2012
Living people
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Hunslet R.L.F.C. players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league locks
Rugby league second-rows
Year of birth missing (living people)
206001–206100
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206101–206200
|-id=185
| 206185 Yip || || Ching-Wa Yip (born 1974), an astronomer from Hong Kong and contributor to the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ||
|}
206201–206300
|-id=241
| 206241 Dubois || || Eugène Dubois (1858–1940), Dutch anatomist, surgeon and paleontologist and one of the founders of palaeoanthropology, the study of the formation and the development of the specific characteristics of humans ||
|}
206301–206400
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206401–206500
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206501–206600
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206601–206700
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206701–206800
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206801–206900
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
206901–207000
|-bgcolor=#f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
|}
References
206001-207000
The Queen's School of Environmental Studies is a unit of the Faculty of Arts and Science at Queen's University at Kingston in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The school offers an interdisciplinary approach to undergraduate and graduate studies dealing with the environment.
External links
Official Queen's School of Environmental Studies website
School of Environmental Studies
Environmental studies institutions in Canada
NGC 998 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus. It is estimated to be 294 million light years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of approximately 90,000 ly. Together with NGC 997, it forms a gravitationally bound pair of galaxies. NGC 998 was discovered by astronomer Albert Marth on 10 November 1863 using a 48-inch telescope.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Cetus (constellation)
0998
Spiral galaxies
009934
4-Methylpentedrone (also known as 4-MPD and 4-Methyl-α-methylamino-valerophenone), is a stimulant drug of the cathinone class that has been sold online as a designer drug. It is a higher homolog of 4-methylmethcathinone (mephedrone) and 4-methylbuphedrone (4-MeMABP), and the p-methyl derivative of pentedrone. It can also be viewed as the methylamino analog of pyrovalerone.
A related compound, 4-methyl-α-ethylaminopentiophenone (4-MEAP), has been found to be incorrectly sold as 4-methylpentedrone.
See also
Buphedrone
Substituted cathinone
References
Cathinones
Designer drugs
Norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitors
Lincoln Crowley is an Australian lawyer, who was sworn in a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland on 13 June 2022, becoming the first Indigenous Australian to be appointed as a State or Territory justice.
Justice Crowley grew up in Charters Towers, Queensland, attending high school there in the 1980's. His father was one of the Australian Defense Force's first Indigenous majors. Crowley studied at James Cook University, graduating in 1996 with a Bachelor of Laws, and in 1999 was awarded a Graduate Diploma of Legal Practice from Queensland University of Technology.
Admitted to the legal profession in both Queensland and New South Wales, Justice Crowley became a barrister on 10 August 2007, and took silk (appointed Queen's Counsel) on 22 November 2018.
References
Living people
People from Queensland
Australian Queen's Counsel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pambili is a populated place in the Emalahleni Local Municipality, Nkangala District Municipality in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa.
As of the 2011 census, Pambili had 26 households.
See also
List of populated places in South Africa
References
Populated places in the Emalahleni Local Municipality, Mpumalanga
Glyphipterix basifasciata is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Syuti Issiki in 1931. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku) and on the Kuril Islands.
The wingspan is 11–15 mm.
References
Moths described in 1930
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Japan
Wootton is a hamlet in the civil parish of New Milton in Hampshire, England. It is in the south of the New Forest.
Overview
Wootton is just north of the village of Bashley in the civil parish of New Milton, although the farmland and woodland to the north of Wootton is in the parish of Brockenhurst. Locally the hamlet is known principally for the Rising Sun public house.
History
The name Wootton derives from Old English for "wood farm". According to the Domesday Book, Wootton ("Odetune") was held by one Godric from the King before 1066, but by 1086, most of the estate had been placed under the New Forest. A Primitive Methodist chapel was erected in Wootton after a preacher visited the hamlet in 1843 and "converted a number of sinners . . . and formed a society of nine members." The chapel building still survives and is a red brick structure with a slate roof on Tiptoe Road. The two-storey brick building to the west of it was once a shop. In 1855 the population of Wootton is reported as including an inn-keeper for the Rising Sun, a shop-keeper, a schoolmistress, a post-office "receiver", a shoemaker, two blacksmiths, and two carpenters. In the 19th century Wootton had a Church of England village school, but this burned down in 1914, and a new school was built in nearby Tiptoe.
The Rising Sun public house at Wootton has been on its present site for over two hundred years. The inn was rebuilt at the beginning of the 20th century, and it was described by one visitor in 1907 as "the best hostelry and the most moderate I have come across in England".
Wootton was once entirely within the parish of New Milton, but in 1926 the land to the north of the hamlet was annexed into the civil parish of Rhinefield, which itself was eventually incorporated into the parish of Brockenhurst.
References
External links
Hamlets in Hampshire
New Forest
Eremo di Sant'Antonio (Italian for Hermitage of Saint Anthony) is an hermitage located in Pescocostanzo, Province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo, Italy).
History
Architecture
References
External links
Anthony
Pescocostanzo
Christophe Lavainne (born 22 December 1963 in Châteaudun, Eure-et-Loir) is a French former professional bicycle racer. Lavaine was a two time French national cyclo-cross champion, and won a stage in the 1987 Tour de France.
Major results
1984
Tour de Luxembourg
1987
Carnetin
Tour de France:
Winner stage 6
1988
National Cyclo-cross Championship
1989
Dijon
1990
National Cyclo-cross Championship
Tour de Luxembourg
Lanarvily
1992
Lèves
External links
Official Tour de France results for Christophe Lavainne
1963 births
Living people
People from Châteaudun
French male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
French Tour de France stage winners
Sportspeople from Eure-et-Loir
Cyclists from Centre-Val de Loire
Renaissance Man may refer to:
Polymath, a person in the archetype of the High Renaissance of broad talents and expertise
Renaissance Man (film), a 1994 comedy-drama film
"Renaissance Man" (Star Trek: Voyager), the penultimate episode of the TV series Star Trek: Voyager
The Renaissance Man, an audio drama
Colinton is a rural locality in the Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Colinton had a population of 75 people.
Geography
Colinton lies within the water catchment area of Emu Creek, a tributary of the Brisbane River. The creek marks a portion of both the southern and western boundary and the Brisbane River is aligned with the eastern boundary. The D'Aguilar Highway passes through the east where the Brisbane Valley railway line also once passed. Benarkin State Forest roughly covers the western third of Colinton.
Colinton has the following mountains:
Glenhowden Mountain in the east of the locality (), rising to
Mount Calabash in the south of the locality (), rising to
History
The district takes its name from the pastoral run owned by the Balfour family which was in turn named for their home town in Colinton, Lothian, Scotland.
In 1877, were resumed from the Colinton pastoral run and offered for selection on 19 April 1877.
Colinton Provisional School opened in 1879 but closed in early 1880. It reopened in 1906 and on 1 January 1909 became Colinton State School. It closed in 1969. It was on Emu Creek Road ().
On 22 November 1910, the Brisbane Valley railway line opened its fifth stage from Toogoolawah to Linville via Colinton, which was served by the Nurinda railway station (). The Brisbane Valley railway ceased operations in 1993.
The Colinton War Memorial was unveiled outside the School of Arts on 18 January 1917 by Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Stanley, Henry Plantagenet Somerset. The 1974 flood of the Brisbane River did not affect the Colinton War Memorial, but resulted in changes to the highway. As part of these changes, the Esk Shire Council relocated the war memorial to its current position in the road reserve at the corner of Emu Creek Road and the D'Aguilar Highway.
In the , Colinton was included within the neighbouring locality of Moore, which together had a population of 315 people.
In the , Colinton had a population of 75 people.
On 1 February 2018, Colinton's postcode changed from 4306 to 4314.
Heritage listings
Colinton has the following heritage-listed sites:
corner of the D'Aguilar Highway and Emu Creek Road (): Colinton War Memorial
Economy
There are a number of homesteads in the locality:
Colinton Goat Farm ()
Colinton Station ()
Glenhowden ()
Glenlands ()
Greenfields ()
Kanangra ()
Kilkenny ()
Kokopelli ()
Sarner Alp ()
Silver Dale ()
Ups N Downs ()
Valley View ()
Education
There are no schools in Colinton. The nearest government primary schools are Harlin State School in neighbouring Harlin to the east and Linville State School in Linville to the north. The nearest government secondary schools are Yarraman State School (to Year 10 only) in Yarraman to the north-west. For secondary education to Year 12, the nearest government schools are Toogoolawah State High School in Toogoolawah to the south and Nanango State High School in Nanango to the north-west.
References
Further reading
Suburbs of Somerset Region
Localities in Queensland
Drohiczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Drohiczany
"I seek you" is used in telecommunications to request a response:
CQ (call), two-letter pronunciation used for morse and voice communication
ICQ, instant messaging protocol named after the phase
See also
CQ (disambiguation)
Decision Pending is a bronze sculpture located in the city of Brighton, Michigan. The statue is located near the Brighton Mill Pond Park on the North side of Main Street; it stands at five feet tall and is 20 inches wide. The statue is a dis-proportioned naked man standing upright. The statue was created by artist Jay Holland and was donated to the city by a citizen's group as part of the 2006 Brighton Biennial, a project designed to fill the downtown area with pieces of outdoor art. Due to its controversial subject matter and its proximity to the Brighton World War 2 memorial the sculpture has been the topic of much public debate and has been the topic of many articles in the Livingston County Daily Press & Argus.
Public reception
Controversy
The public reception to Decision Pending has been mixed. Since its purchase in 2006 the statue has seen petitions to have it removed as well as counter-petitions to keep it in its current location. The statue has been the source of much controversy in Brighton. The statue is a point of controversy because many residents feel that its subject matter is not appropriate for public viewing and that its proximity to the Brighton World War II memorial is disrespectful. The Brighton city council has discussed relocating the statue on several occasions. As of today the statue is still standing in its original position.
Tradition
The statue's presence and the controversy surrounding it have prompted the development of many local traditions and customs. It is common for local groups and individuals in Brighton to dress or decorate the statue during holidays, festivals or sporting events. The statue's appearance has earned it several nicknames including "the elephant man" and “ugly naked guy” or simply “U.N.G.” which has become a part of the Brighton area lexicon. The nickname “Ugly Naked Guy” was originally coined by Buddy Moorehouse, writer and founder of the Community Journal, a local paper.
Vandalism
The statue has long been a target of vandalism, it has been written on, dented, and was once knocked off its pedestal. As a result, the statue now sits on a stronger stand.
References
Further reading
Buildings and structures in Livingston County, Michigan
Outdoor sculptures in Michigan
Vandalized works of art in Michigan
Bronze sculptures in Michigan
Nude sculptures in Michigan
The 2022 Eastbourne International (also known as the Rothesay International Eastbourne for sponsorship reasons) was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts. It was the 47th edition of the event for the women and the 11th edition for the men. The tournament was classified as a WTA 500 tournament on the 2022 WTA Tour and as an ATP Tour 250 series on the 2022 ATP Tour. The tournament took place at the Devonshire Park Lawn Tennis Club in Eastbourne, United Kingdom between 19 and 25 June 2022.
Champions
Men's singles
Taylor Fritz def. Maxime Cressy, 6–2, 6–7(4–7), 7–6(7–4)
This is Fritz's second title of the year and third of his career.
Women's singles
Petra Kvitová def. Jeļena Ostapenko 6–3, 6–2
This is Kvitová's first title of the year and 29th of her career.
Men's doubles
Nikola Mektić / Mate Pavić def. Matwé Middelkoop / Luke Saville, 6–4, 6–2
Women's doubles
Aleksandra Krunić / Magda Linette def. Lyudmyla Kichenok / Jeļena Ostapenko, by walkover
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
*per team
ATP singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Jay Clarke
Jack Draper
Ryan Peniston
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
James Duckworth
John Millman
Thiago Monteiro
Brandon Nakashima
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Marin Čilić → replaced by Ugo Humbert
Gaël Monfils → replaced by Francisco Cerúndolo
ATP doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Julian Cash / Henry Patten
Jonny O'Mara / Ken Skupski
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Simone Bolelli / Fabio Fognini → replaced by Maxime Cressy / Ugo Humbert
Wesley Koolhof / Neal Skupski → replaced by Matwé Middelkoop / Luke Saville
Tim Pütz / Michael Venus → replaced by Aleksandr Nedovyesov / Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi
Rajeev Ram / Joe Salisbury → replaced by André Göransson / Ben McLachlan
WTA singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Katie Boulter
Jodie Burrage
Harriet Dart
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Kirsten Flipkens
Aleksandra Krunić
Lesia Tsurenko
Donna Vekić
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Rebecca Marino
Viktoriya Tomova
Heather Watson
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Danielle Collins → replaced by Zheng Qinwen
Leylah Fernandez → replaced by Marta Kostyuk
Coco Gauff → replaced by Heather Watson
Sofia Kenin → replaced by Magdalena Fręch
Anett Kontaveit → replaced by Dayana Yastremska
Ons Jabeur → replaced by Viktoriya Tomova
Jessica Pegula → replaced by Camila Osorio
Mayar Sherif → replaced by Marie Bouzková
Clara Tauson → replaced by Panna Udvardy
Markéta Vondroušová → replaced by Maryna Zanevska
Zhang Shuai → replaced by Rebecca Marino
WTA doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Harriet Dart / Heather Watson
Ons Jabeur / Serena Williams
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Desirae Krawczyk / Demi Schuurs → replaced by Desirae Krawczyk / Monica Niculescu
References
External links
Website
2022 in English tennis
Eastbourne International
2022
June 2022 sports events in the United Kingdom
Late Night Tales: Trentemøller is a mix album compiled by Danish electronic music producer Trentemøller, released on 30 May 2011 as part of the Late Night Tales series.
The mix features tracks from artists such as Velvet Underground & Nico, M. Ward, The Black Angels (band), Low and We Fell to Earth. Paul Morley contributes the spoken word piece, "Lost For Words Pt. 1". Trentemøller also produced an exclusive cover version of Chris Isaak's "Blue Hotel".
Track listing
References
External links
Official Trentemøller website
Official Late Night Tales: Trentemøller Page
2011 compilation albums
Trentemoller
Trentemøller albums
The Norwegian battle axe, also called Norwegian peasant militia axe, Norwegian peasant axe or peasant battle axe (Norwegian: bondeøks or bondestridsøks), is a tool and weapon from Norway, which was an important part of the Norwegian national defense in the 1600s.
Description
The axe has great symbolic worth in Scandinavia, and appears in the coat of arms of Norway and as a symbol of Saint Olav, the patron saint of Norway. The peasant axe has a mostly straight shaft with a distinct curve towards the blade. The blade is crescent-shaped blade and single-edged. It is assumed that the axe is a further development of the Viking axe, also known as the Danish axe. The shape of the shaft favors a cutting effect from the blade. Peasant axes were often highly decorated and had a high status in the Norwegian culture as a symbol of the free farmer.
Gallery
See also
Dane axe
Shepherd's axe
Bearded axe
Pike pole
References
Further reading
George Cameron Stein, Donald J. LaRocca: En Ordliste med Bygging, Innredning og Bruk av Våpen og Rustninger: i Alle Land og til Alle Tider. Verlag Courier Dover Publications, 1999, (Opptrykk), side 80.
Norheim, Per Terje, Fuglseth, Erik: Våpen i Norge, Damm forlag (2000) (Norwegian)
Mathisen, Trygve: Fra bondeoppbud til legdshær, Gyldendal (1952) (Norwegian)
Kong Christian den Fjerdes norske Lovbog af 1604 (Norwegian)
External links
Norwegian military small-arms & blades » The Norwegian Battle axe
Økser som våpen hos Maihaugen (Norwegian)
Picture Gallery at DigitaltMuseum
Weapons of Norway
Axes
Werbkowice is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Werbkowice. It lies approximately south-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 3,098.
References
Werbkowice
Kholm Governorate
Lublin Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Iris hypoplasia with glaucoma, also known as Iris hypoplasia and glaucoma or simply IHG is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by a combination of an underdeveloped of the iris and glaucoma. It has been described in three families; two from Russia and one from London, U.K. It was mapped to a duplication of the q25 region of chromosome 6 through the London family. Tooth agenesis can sometimes be associated with this disorder.
References
Rare diseases
Genetic diseases and disorders
Rare genetic syndromes
Congenital disorders of eyes
Bryan Benedict M. Anastacio (born September 27, 1993), known professionally as Bryan Benedict. He is a Filipino actor and model. He was a contestant in Protégé: The Battle For The Big Artista Break, a reality TV series. He is a Magna cum Laude graduate of BSC Tourism Management in the Far Eastern University and currently working as a freelance actor and a part-time college professor.
Early life and education
Benedict was raised in San Juan. His father is deaf-mute while his mother is deaf. He communicates to his parents via sign language.
During his high school, Bryan was a drop-out. He later transferred to a Claro M. Recto High School where he graduated as first honor. He studied Information Technology at Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila as a scholar. He then took up Tourism at the Far Eastern University and graduated as magna cum laude.
Modeling and acting career
Benedict started print and ramp modeling on 2008. Benedict was one of Cosmopolitan Philippine's bachelors on 2008 and 2010.
On 2012, Benedict joined GMA Network's Protégé: The Battle For The Big Artista Break, a reality based artista search as one of the finalists from Visayas. Bryan was originally a protégé of Jolina Magdangal but due to a twist of the show, Ricky Davao became his new mentor. Benedict was eliminated from the competition on the ninth gala night, becoming the TV show's eighth placer.
After Protégé, Benedict starred in various programs of the network.
On 2014, Benedict returned as one of the bachelors on Cosmo Bachelor Bash.
Benedict portrayed Juan Luna, a Filipino painter, sculptor and a political activist of the Philippine Revolution during the late 19th century, in the 2014 docudrama Ilustrado.
Personal life and other careers
Benedict currently resides in San Juan, Metro Manila.
Before joining Protégé: The Battle For The Big Artista Break, Benedict worked as a dealer in a casino in Cebu.
Benedict is currently a part-time Tourism and HRM instructor at University of the East-Manila.
Filmography
Television
Drama
Reality, variety and talk shows
See also
Mikoy Morales
Ruru Madrid
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Cebu City
Male actors from Cebu
Protégé (TV series) participants
Filipino male television actors
Filipino male models
GMA Network personalities
Far Eastern University alumni
Ferdinand Hennerbichler (born 1946) is an Austrian historian, philologist, anthropologist, and a prominent Kurdologist. He is also a former diplomat and journalist.
Biography
Hennerbichler was born in Linz, Upper Austria on November 6, 1946. He finished high school studies in Linz in 1965. Between 1965 and 1972 he attended the University of Vienna where he studied history, philology, linguistics, archaeology, psychology & philosophy. He obtained Doctor of Philosophy in Linguistics in 1972.
Kurdish studies
Hennerbichler has been studying History of the Kurds, Kurdish language, and Kurdish culture since 1970s and has published over 500 academic articles and research papers, and several books about the Kurds ranging from history to the genetic studies. He is also one of the founders of the Austrian Association for Kurdish Studies/ European Center for Kurdish Studies. Between 2012 - 2020 he taught Kurdology at the University of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan. His latest book titled The Origin of the Kurds: First Interdisciplinary Study "Die Herkunft der Kurden: interdisziplinäre Studie" is regarded as one of the thorough and well-founded studies about the Kurdish people and has been incorporated into the teaching program of the historical-anthropological studies by The Institute for Historical Anthropology in Vienna.
Armenian studies
Hennerbichler has contributed to the studies on the Armenian genocide and together with Maria Anna Six-Hohenbalken and Thomas Schmidinger have published a book in German on the Armenian and Kurdish genocides in Turkey titled "100 Jahre Volkermord an Armenierinnen Und Die Kurdinnen."
Diplomatic and humanitarian missions
From 1980 to 1983 he served as the Middle East Assistant of Austrian Chancellor Bruno Kreisky. In 1981/82, 1983, 1984 he led delegations of International Rescue Operation to Iraq and managed to free eleven hostages of seven European countries following several rounds of negotiations with the Iraqi government.
Journalism
Between 1967-1990 Hennerbichler also worked, with breaks, for Austrian Broadcasting Corporation ORF. Between 1976-1990 he was Foreign Correspondent and worked in various regions and continents Europe, CEE, Middle East, and Latin America.
Research projects
Hennerbichler has undertaken several research projects encompassing anthropology and genetics of the Kurds, Middle Eastern affairs, and documentation of Anfal campaign and Genocide of Yazidis by the Islamic State.
Honors and decorations
Ibrahim Ahmed Prize 2017
Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur (Officier), President François Mitterrand, France, 1986
Phoenix Order (Commander), President Constantine Karamanlis, Greece, 1984
Order of Merit for Services rendered to the Republic of Austria, Chancellor Bruno Kreisky, 1982
Order of Merit for Services rendered to the County of Styria, Governor Josef Krainer jun., 1982
Honour and Gratitude of the German Government, Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher
Humanitarian Medal of Baden-Wuerttemberg (Germany)
Human Rights Bravery (Rotary Club Vienna
Publications
1972 Doctoral Dissertation: Historical Terminology: Der Begriff Gegenreformation etc. (Doctorate Supervisor: Heinrich Lutz, 1922-1986; Co-Thesis Supervisor: Erich Zöllner, 1916-1996), University of Vienna, Department of History.
1979 Interview mit dem iranischen Scharfrichter Chalchali. In: Der Spiegel Nr. 50 (1979) 142-143; also in: ORF-Nachlese 12 (1979) 44-45.
1980 Iran's Kurdish Rebellion and its Leaders. In: Swiss Review of World Affairs (A monthly publication of the Neue Zürcher Zeitung), Vol. XXIX, no. 12, March 1980, 20-22.
1982 Der kurdische Widerstand 1975-1982/83, Bericht, ÖB-London-BMfAA Vienna, 13. Dezember 1982, pp. 44.
1986 Die Kurden. Staatenlos in verbrannter Heimat. INTERNATIONAL 1/86. Vienna.
1986 Some Aspects of the Restoration of the Kurdish People's Movement after 1975. In: International Conference of Labour and Social History (ITH). 22 Conference 1986. Report 23. – Vienna: Europaverlag, 176-181.
1987 The Kurds. In: Wiener Zeitung, Features, 16 parts.
1988 Die für die Freiheit sterben. Geschichte des kurdischen Volkes. Preface by Bruno Kreisky. Vienna: Österreichische Staatsdruckerei.
1988 Kurdische Giftgasopfer aus dem Irak in temporären Aufnahmelagern der Türkei 1988. Lager Süüstü bei Yüksekova. Augenzeugen-Bericht. 13. September 1988.
1992 Österreich und die Kurden. In: Azadi, Freiheit in den Bergen: Schallaburg, 17. Mai - 1. November 1992. Eds. Alfred Janata et al. Vienna: Amt der Niederösterreichischen Landesregierung 1992, 206-214.
1994 Die für die Freiheit sterben. Geschichte des kurdischen Volkes. published by Verlag Österreich
2004 Die Kurden (History of the Kurdish People). Mosonmagyaróvár: A&H Bt. / Edition FHE, 2004, pp. 701, ISBN 963 214 575 5 (out of print).
2010 Die Herkunft der Kurden. Interdisziplinäre Studie. Reihe: Historisch-anthropologi-sche Studien. Schriftenreihe des Instituts für Historische Anthropologie in Vienna. Hrsg. von Hubert-Christian Ehalt. Band 23.Frankfurt am Main, Berlin, Bern, Brüssel, New York, Oxford, Vienna: Peter Lang, ISBN 978-3-631-59327-1.
2010 Origin of the Kurds. Vienna Lecture, 2010, excerpts. In: Proceedings of the Russian Academy of DNA Genealogy, vol. 3, no. 12 (December), 2010, 2220-2244; Foreword by Anatole A. Klyosov.
2011 The Origin of the Kurds. Lecture. – Borsdorf: Edition winterwork, 2011.
2011 Arie Lova Eliav and Bruno Kreisky's Middle East peace negotiations Israel-PLO (in German). In: Maimann, Helene: Über Kreisky. Gespräche aus Distanz und Nähe. Vienna: Falter Verlag, 2011, 136-141.
2013 Assassination of Abdul Rahman Ghassemlou (1930-1989). New Assessment. In: Vienna Kurdish Studies Yearbook, ed. by F. Hennerbichler, Th. Schmidinger, M. Six-Hohenbalken, Chr. Osztovics, vol. 1/2013, Vienna: Wiener Verlag, pp. 288–321.
2013 The Future of the Kurdish Question in the Middle East. Lecture. II. International Tunceli (Dersim) Symposium, 20–22 September 2013, University of Tunceli (Dersim), Turkey.
References
Kurdologists
20th-century Austrian historians
1946 births
Living people
21st-century Austrian historians
Staheliomyces is a fungal genus in the stinkhorn family. The genus is monotypic, containing the single neotropical species Staheliomyces cinctus, also known as the strangled stinkhorn. It is found in Central America and northern South America. The fruit body of the fungus is a hollow, whitish, cylindric stalk up to tall, with conspicuous pits and holes. Near the top of the stalk is a pinched-off zone covered with unpleasant-smelling slimy spore mass called gleba. The gleba attracts stingless bees that help disseminate the spores.
Taxonomy
The genus was first described scientifically by the German mycologist Eduard Fischer in 1921. The specific epithet honors one Gerold Stahel who collected the type specimen in Suriname. The fungus has been called the "strangled stinkhorn".
Description
Like all stinkhorns, the fruit body begins its development as a partially submerged "egg" form attached to rhizomorphs. The egg is roughly ovoid, measuring by . The fruit body consists of a spongy, hollow white stalk between tall, with a collar of greenish-brown gleba positioned above the center, but below the apex. The glebal band is constricted compared to the width of the remainder of the stalk, between thick. The cap, or receptaculum, is at the top of the stalk; it is spongy, conical, and chambered, free from gleba. A volva sits at the base of the stem, and has rhizomorphs attached to it. The spores are elliptical, hyaline (translucent), and measure 2.5–3 by 1.2–1.5 μm. The edibility of the mushroom is unknown.
Habitat and distribution
Staheliomyces is a saprobic species, and typically found in soil rich with decomposing plant remains. It is found in Costa Rica to Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Guiana, and Bolivia, where it appears during rainy seasons.
A field study from Ecuador reported that the fruit bodies of Staheliomyces are visited by species from the stingless bee genus Trigona. The bee visits are several minutes in duration, during which time small portions of the gleba are collected and stored in the pollen basket (corbiculae) of the hind legs. The authors determined that the corbiculae of approaching bees are always empty. Bee corbiculae are normally used to carry food and nest-building material, and the gleba of Staheliomyces may be used for one of these purposes, but the authors did not observe the bees after they had collected the gleba.
Species
References
External links
Phallales
Monotypic Basidiomycota genera
Fungi of Central America
Fungi of South America
Taxa described in 1921
Hood is an English and Scottish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Real people
Academics
Alan Hood, professor at the University of St Andrews
Christopher Hood (born 1947), Oxford professor
Hugh Hood (1928–2000), Canadian novelist and professor
John Hood (born 1952), New Zealand businessman and administrator
Joseph Douglas Hood (1889–1966), American entomologist
Leroy Hood (born 1938), American biologist
Paul Hood (died 1668), English academic administrator
Sinclair Hood (1917–2021), Irish Archaeologist and academic
William Hood (20th/21st century), American art historian
Athletes
Bruce Hood (1936–2018), Canadian author, businessman, politician, and NHL referee
Derek Hood (American Basketball Player)
Edmund Hood (1898–1990), Australian rules footballer
Elijah Hood (born 1996), American football player
Enoch Hood (1861–1940), English footballer
Frank Hood (1908–1955), American football player
Graham Hood (born 1972), Canadian middle-distance runner
Marjorie Hood (20th century), American baseball player
Peter Hood, Chairman of the Bradford Bulls (an English rugby league club)
Roderick Hood (born 1981), American football player
Rodney Hood (born 1992), American basketball player
Entertainers
Adam Hood (21st century), American musician
Amber Hood (born 1970), American actress
Calum Hood (born 1996), Australian bassist from the band 5 Seconds of Summer
Darla Hood (1931–1979), American actress
Dave Hood (born 1950), American actor
David Hood (born 1943), American musician
Dictynna Hood, British film director and screenwriter
Florence Hood (1880–1968), Australian-born Canadian violinist
Gavin Hood (born 1963), South African director
Joey Hood (born 1976), voice actor
Kate Hood, Australian actress
Kit Hood (1943–2020), Canadian television director
Morag Hood (1942–2002), Scottish actress
Patterson Hood (born 1964), American guitarist, singer and songwriter
Robert Hood (born 1965), American music producer and DJ
Military personnel
Admiral Hood (disambiguation), multiple people with the surname who were admirals
Alexander Hood (1758–1798), English Royal Navy officer
Horace Hood (1870–1916), British admiral
John Hood (naval officer) (1859–1919), American naval admiral
John Bell Hood (1831–1879), American Confederate general
Michael John Hood (born 1967), Royal Canadian Air Force Lieutenant General, Commander RCAF
Politicians
Alexander Hood, 1st Viscount Bridport (1726–1814)
Alexander Fuller-Acland-Hood, 1st Baron St Audries (1853–1917), British Conservative Party politician
Arthur Hood, 1st Baron Hood of Avalon (1824–1901)
Clark L. Hood (1847–1920), American politician
Dave Hood Jr. (1954–2019), American politician and judge
Dennis Hood (born 1970), Australian politician
Glenda Hood (born 1950), former secretary of state for Florida
Jim Hood (born 1962), Attorney General of Mississippi
Jimmy Hood (1948–2017), politician in the United Kingdom
John Hood (Australian politician) (1817–1877), MP in Victoria, Australia
Morris Hood Jr. (1934–1998), American politician
Morris Hood III (1965–2020), American politician
Nicholas Hood (1923–2016), American politician
Raymond W. Hood (1936–2002), American politician
Ron Hood (born 1969), American politician
Samuel Hood, 1st Viscount Hood (1724–1816)
Samuel Hood, 2nd Baron Bridport (1788–1868), Baron Bridport
Sir Samuel Hood, 1st Baronet (1762–1814)
Writers
Basil Hood (1864–1917), British librettist and lyricist
Daniel Hood, American novelist
Sam Hood (1872–1953), Australian photographer and photojournalist
Sean Hood (born 1966), American screenwriter
Stuart Hood (1915–2011), Scottish novelist and former controller of the BBC
Thomas Hood (1799–1845), British poet and humorist
Tom Hood (1835–1874), English humorist and playwright
Others
Archibald Hood (1823–1902), Scottish coalowner
Cherry Hood (born 1959), Australian artist
George Hood, (1891–1928), New Zealand pioneer aviator who perished attempting the first flight across the Tasman Sea.
James Hood (1942–2013), one of the first black students to enroll in the University of Alabama
Raymond Hood (1881–1934), early twentieth-century architect
Fictional characters
Baby Bonnie Hood, fictional character
Red Hood, fictional character in DC Comics
Robin Hood, English folk hero from medieval legends
Fleet Admiral Lord Terrence Hood, a fictional character in the Halo video-game franchise
English-language surnames
Surnames of English origin
Scottish surnames
Lauchlan McGillivray (died 1880) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland, New Zealand.
He represented the Riverton electorate from 1870 to 1875, when he was defeated. In 1871, he was the first mayor of Riverton when he was elected unopposed.
References
Year of birth missing
1880 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1875–1876 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Mayors of places in Southland, New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Conjecture (conjectural emendation) is a critical reconstruction of the original reading of a clearly corrupt, contaminated, nonsensical or illegible textual fragment. Conjecture is one of the techniques of textual criticism used by philologists while commenting on or preparing editions of manuscripts (e.g. biblical or other ancient texts usually transmitted in medieval copies). Conjecture is far from being just an educated guess and it takes an experienced expert with a broad knowledge of the author of the text, period, language and style of the time. Conjecture requires a close study of the text in its cultural and historical context and must be preceded with a thorough analysis of all extant versions and readings of the given fragment. The knowledge of writing styles used by the scribes throughout the transmission stages is also essential. Conjectural emendation must be clearly indicated in the critical apparatus or in the text itself.
See also
Textual criticism
Paleography
References
Krans, Jan (2006) Beyond what is written: Erasmus and Beza as conjectural critics of the New Testament, Brill,
Textual scholarship
Leah Johnson is an American writer. Her debut novel You Should See Me In A Crown (2020) received critical acclaim, including a Stonewall Book Honor. Her second book Rise to the Sun was released in 2021.
Early life and education
Johnson was raised on the west side of Indianapolis, Indiana. She was an avid reader from childhood. Johnson went on to be the editor-in-chief of her high school's newspaper as well as a tennis player and a member of the show and concert choirs. While in college at Indiana University Bloomington, she interned at the Wall Street Journal, WFIU, and WPLN. Johnson received her MFA in fiction writing from Sarah Lawrence College.
Career
Johnson began the manuscript for her debut novel You Should See Me In A Crown in 2018 as a graduate student at Sarah Lawrence College. After publishing an Electric Literature essay about the dearth of diverse YA literature, editor Sarah Landis reached out to help her craft a book proposal. You Should See Me In A Crown centers a Black queer teenager who runs for Prom Queen to win a college scholarship. Johnson described the book as "very much an homage to the work that I love the most...John Hughes movies of the eighties, the teen romantic comedies of the late '90s, early aughts... I love those stories so much and wanted to see someone like me reflected in them as more than a sidekick."
Published in 2020 by Scholastic, the book received critical acclaim. It received a Stonewall Book honor and was selected as Reese Witherspoon's first YA book of the month, among other accolades.
Her second novel Rise to the Sun was released on July 6, 2021. The book is about "two girls named Toni and Olivia who both go to a music festival and search for two very different things."
Personal life
Johnson resides in Brooklyn. She identifies as queer, and came to accept her sexuality while writing her debut novel You Should See Me In A Crown.
References
External links
Official website
1993 births
Living people
African-American women writers
American LGBT novelists
Writers from Indianapolis
Queer writers
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
LGBT African Americans
Queer women
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1567.
Events
October 14 – António Ferreira becomes Desembargador da Casa do Civel and leaves Coimbra for Lisbon.
unknown dates
John Brayne builds the Red Lion theatre just east of the City of London. It is for touring productions and the first known playhouse to be purpose-built in the British Isles since Roman times. However, there is little evidence that the theatre survives beyond this summer's season. The only play known to be presented here is The Story of Sampson.
Spanish playwright Lope de Rueda's works are published posthumously by Timoneda, who tones down certain passages.
Approximate date – Isabella Whitney becomes the earliest identified woman to publish secular poetry in the English language with The Copy of a Letter, Lately Written in Meter by a Young Gentlewoman: to her Unconstant Lover (signed "I.W."), The Admonition by the Author to all Young Gentlewomen: And to all other Maids being in Love and An Order Prescribed, by Is. W., to two of her Younger Sisters Serving in London.
New books
Prose
Séon Carsuel, Bishop of the Isles – Foirm na n-Urrnuidheadh, translation of John Knox's Book of Common Order, with some poems and prayers, into Classical Gaelic, the first publication in any Goidelic language, (printed in Latin script by Robert Lekprevik in Edinburgh and published April 24)
Joan Perez de Lazarraga – Silbero, Silbia, Doristeo, and Sirena (MS in Basque)
Magdeburger Centurien Magdeburg Centuries, volumes X–XI
William Salesbury – Testament Newydd ein Arglwydd Iesv Christ, translation of the New Testament into Welsh (printed by Humphrey Toy in London and published October 7)
Drama
Jean-Antoine de Baïf – Le Brave
John Pickering – Horestes, based on the myth of Orestes
Poetry
Pey de Garros – Poesias Gasconas
Births
January 6 – Richard Burbage, English actor-manager (died 1619)
February 12 – Thomas Campion, English poet (died 1620)
February 27 – William Alabaster, English poet, dramatist and religious writer (died 1640)
August 21 – Francis de Sales, Savoyard theologian (died 1622)
November – Thomas Nashe, English poet and satirist (died c. 1601)
unknown dates
Valens Acidalius, German critic and Latin poet (died 1595)
Bzovius, Polish historian (died 1637)
Deaths
May 2 – Marin Držić, Croatian dramatist (born 1508)
May 31 – Guido de Bres, author of the Belgic Confession (executed, born 1522)
October 1 – Pietro Carnesecchi, humanist philosopher (executed, born 1508)
unknown dates
Nicolaus Mameranus, Luxembourgeois poet and historian (born 1500)
Gómez Pereira, Spanish humanist philosopher (born 1500)
In literature
Walter Scott – The Abbot (1820)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Old Court Commercial Complex is a commercial suburb located in Hisar city and Hisar Vidhan Sabha constituency of Haryana, India. The planning of this area is administered by Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA).
History
The building of the district court of Hisar was established here in 1832. Lala Lajpat Rai practised as a lawyer in here from 1886 to 1892. It served as the district court till 1973 when the court was shifted to the new Judiciary Complex adjoining the District Administrative Complex of Hisar. The area was left abandoned till 1998 when it was transferred to HUDA for redevelopment.
Location
The complex lies at the junction of National Highway 9 and National Highway 52. Adjacent to the complex lies Krantiman Park, the oldest park of Hisar. It is part of Municipal Corporation of Hisar, Hisar (Vidhan Sabha constituency) and Hisar (Lok Sabha constituency).
Redevelopment
The redevelopment of the area as a commercial complex was started in 1998 by HUDA. A shopping complex was built in the area by HUDA and plots were allotted for commercial activities. The area is now a hub of coaching institutes of the city. The office of the Bhaichara Taxi Union of Hisar is also located here.
See also
List of suburbs of Hisar city
Amardeep colony
Defence colony, Hisar
Police Line Area, Hisar
References
Neighbourhoods in Hisar (city)
Economy of Haryana
Ready, Woolen and Able is a 1960 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones. The short was released on July 30, 1960, and stars Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog.
Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon; however, like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this short is mostly composed of visual gags.
That is the fifth short featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog. The title is a play on the phrase "ready, willing and able".
Plot
Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep which Sam Sheepdog is guarding. The short begins with a juxtaposition of how Sam and Ralph get to work. Sam takes a leisurely drive to work in what appears to be a caricature of a shoddy Ford Model T. Behind him, Ralph speeds past in a drag racer. After Ralph hastily parks and walks away, Sam pulls into his spot, careful to make the correct hand signals as he turns.
1. As soon as the whistle blows, Ralph sprints off to catch a sheep. Sam lumbers to his perch, grabbing a rake on his way and drops it in front of Ralph's path. Ralph steps on the rake causing the rake to smack him in the face. As the sheep jumps away, it lands on Ralph's back, bending him in half.
2. Next, Ralph attempts to use a lever to launch a stick of dynamite into Sam. However, as Ralph jumps onto one end of the lever, the stick of dynamite simply rolls toward him from the other end.
3. In Ralph's third attempt, he rolls an open barrel of gunpowder down a hill toward Sam, which leaves a trail of powder as it rolls. Ralph lights the trail after the barrel starts moving, but the barrel hits a rock and flies over Sam and under a boulder. The barrel subsequently explodes and sends the boulder flying and ultimately falling on Ralph, who, naturally, attempts to protect himself with a very small umbrella.
4. Next, Ralph purchases a box of "Two (2) Acme bed-springs", which he straps to his feet to increase his stride. After a few failed practice attempts, he gets the hang of it and heads off toward the field. As Ralph jumps over Sam, Sam pulls out a very large magnet which he uses to pull the springs off Ralph's feet in midair. Luckily, Ralph has a parachute. Unluckily, the wind blows him right next to Sam. As the parachute falls over Sam and Ralph like a shroud, Ralph attempts to run, but even though they are caught up in the fabric, Sam is able to grab Ralph and punch him. Ralph ultimately skids toward the edge of a cliff, where, after realization of his predicament, he falls.
5. Ralph's final attempt is very drawn out and plays on Sam's uncanny ability to be wherever he needs to be. Ralph first notices that Sam and one of the sheep are separated by a very large chasm, so Ralph attempts to cross the chasm with a trapeze. Upon crossing the chasm and grabbing what he thinks to be a sheep, it turns out that he has grabbed Sam. After realizing this mistake, he deposits Sam on the first cliff, only to swing back and discover that Sam is on the far cliff again. Ralph then decides to climb the trapeze, only to find that Sam is holding the trapeze. When Ralph then decides to slide down to the bottom of the trapeze, he finds Sam sitting there. Cutting all his losses, he decides to dive off the trapeze, and as he is falling he notices Sam sitting on three small cliff outcroppings, a branch, in a hot air balloon, fishing in a small dingy, and sleeping underwater.
Ralph then swims as fast as he can into the mouth of a sperm whale to find Sam standing against one of the whale's teeth. In shock, Ralph jumps out the whale's blowhole, to find Sam sitting in an inner tube atop the whale's spray of water. Ralph then runs, through the air, to the closest beach, where he finds the beach is full of at least 24 instances of Sam, and for the first time they are all visible at once.
As Ralph blows his top, the time clock whistle blows and Sam begins driving home. As he is driving, an ambulance passes him and Ralph can be seen in the back bound in a straitjacket. The two politely wish each other good night.
Home media
This cartoon is featured on Road Runner & Wile E Coyote: Chariots of Fur.
See also
List of American films of 1960
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Merrie Melodies
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1960–1969)
References
External links
1960 animated films
1960 short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Animated films about dogs
Animated films about wolves
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
1960s English-language films
American animated short films
Films about sheep
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
Jonathan Charles Smith (born January 18, 1979) is an American college football coach who is currently the head coach at Oregon State University. He was previously the co-offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for the Washington Huskies. He arrived in Seattle in 2014 as part of the staff of new head coach Chris Petersen. As a player, he was a four-year starter at quarterback at Oregon State in Corvallis under head coaches Mike Riley and Dennis Erickson.
Smith was previously the quarterbacks coach for two seasons at Boise State, also under Petersen, and the offensive coordinator for two seasons at Montana. He was the quarterbacks coach for six seasons (2004–2009) at Idaho under three head coaches: Nick Holt, Erickson, and Robb Akey. Prior to his tenure with the Vandals in Moscow, Smith was a graduate assistant at his alma mater in 2002 and 2003 under Erickson and Riley.
Early years
Born in Pasadena, California, Smith graduated from Glendora High School in east Los Angeles County in 1997. He went north to play college football at Oregon State, and was originally a walk-on under head coach Mike Riley.
Smith was a four-year starter for the Beavers at quarterback, taking over midway through his redshirt freshman season in 1998 and maintaining the job through his senior season in 2001. As a junior in 2000 under Dennis Erickson, he led the Beavers to their greatest season in school history. The Beavers finished , a school record for wins, and won a share of their first conference title in 36 years, and finished the season ranked fourth in the country. His wide receivers on the team included future NFL players Chad Johnson and T. J. Houshmandzadeh. Smith was the MVP of the Fiesta Bowl.
College statistics
Head coaching record
College
References
External links
Oregon State profile
Washington profile
1979 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Boise State Broncos football coaches
Idaho Vandals football coaches
Oregon State Beavers football coaches
Oregon State Beavers football players
Montana Grizzlies football coaches
Washington Huskies football coaches
People from Glendora, California
Sportspeople from Pasadena, California
Players of American football from Pasadena, California
Sitnije, Cile, sitnije is a maxi single by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena. It was released on 16 March 1983 through the record label PGP-RTB.
This was her third of twelve albums with the band Slatki Greh.
Background
Composer of both compositions is Kornelije Kovač and a songwriter Marina Tucaković.
With the title song "Sitnije, Cile, sitnije", Lepa Brena participated in Jugovizija, the Yugoslav selection for the songwriter Eurovision 1983. year, held March 16, in the studio RTV Novi Sad in Novi Sad. And if she did not win. Given the type of music they performed, their participation in this type of competition caused many surprises, but also disappointment with their fans, because Lepa Brena and "Slatki Greh" in Jugovizija 1983 won only seventh place. The winner was Danijel Popović with the song "Julie", taking the 4th place in Eurovision, this repeating until then the greatest success of Yugoslav representatives in this type of competition the song became a big hit, and the singer and the whole group achieved even greater popularity.
Immediately after Jugovizija, the album "Sitnije, Cile, sitnije", published by the production company PGP RTB, was launched and quickly achieved a tremendous success with 800,000 copies sold. After that, their first major tour of Yugoslavia followed, concerts with a record number of visitors, thanks to which, according to Lepa Brenna himself, it deserves to be attributed the status of an "undisputed star".
Music group "Griva" is the same 1983. year made a successful heavy metal parody on Brena's Eurovision debacle. The composition was titled "Sitnije, sestro, sitnije" and it was printed in 120,000 copies, published by Jugoton. With good marketing support, "Griva" was then placed at the very top of the Yugoslav rock scene.
Track listing
Personnel
Crew
Ivan Ćulum – design
Dragoljub Milovanović – photography
Release history
References
1983 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
Duridan (, also Romanized as Dūrīdān and Dūrydān; also known as Darīdān, Dorīdān, and Duzi Dūn) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Double or Mutton is a 1955 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Chuck Jones. The short was released on July 23, 1955, and is the third cartoon featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog.
Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon; however, like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this short is mostly composed of visual gags.
The title is a play on the gambling wager double or nothing. This is also the first short where it is clearly established that Sam and Ralph are coworkers, as well as the first short where their names are consistent.
Plot
Introduction: Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts, this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep which Sam Sheepdog is guarding.
1. As in the previous two shorts, Ralph attempts to steal some sheep by burrowing under the field. After finding Sam waiting for Ralph above one of his holes, Ralph attempts to look innocuous, but Sam hits him over the head with a large wooden mallet (off-screen, but the effects can still be seen). As in the previous shorts, Ralph politely refills his tunnel.
2. Ralph next attempts to fashion himself a tightrope over the field by throwing a spear with a rope attached to a tree on the other side of the field. After walking across the tightrope and snagging a sheep with a lasso, he makes his way back to the cliff where the other end of the tightrope was fastened. Unfortunately, it turns out that Sam is holding that end of the tightrope. Ralph hands the sheep over and begins running the other direction before Sam releases his end of the tightrope. Just before Ralph begins to fall, he manages to grab on to the spear that was attached to the tree. However, as Ralph looks to the left, it turns out Sam is also holding that end of the tightrope. Sam launches the spear — and Ralph — over the horizon.
3. Ralph next attempts to shoot a rocket with a lasso attached at Sam. The contraption very successfully catches Sam and carries him off into the distance. Ralph, enamoured with his success, prances down to the field and casually takes his choice of sheep. As he prances away he is hit over the head with a club from Sam, still hanging from the fired rocket, which is now lodged in a tree.
4. Ralph's next plan is to disguise himself as Little Bo Peep. He prances up to Sam and shows him a book of nursery rhymes to bolster his disguise. He successfully herds a sheep past Sam and into his cave. However, the viewer soon discovers that the sheep is actually Sam in disguise. Ralph discovers this all too late, and the beating which ensues is left to the viewer's imagination.
5. Ralph's fifth plan is to fly over the field with an unwieldy helicopter while dangling a claw on a rope and attempting to grab a sheep with the claw, akin to the claw game. Sam casually walks by and yanks on the rope, causing the helicopter to plummet into the ground. After the crash, and much too late, Ralph deliriously attempts to abandon the helicopter and release his parachute, which simply falls on top of him like a shroud.
6. Ralph then attempts to hurl himself over Sam with a lever and a large stone. While successful, Ralph ends up hurling himself into a tree. Sam, sitting at the bottom of the tree, rolls Ralph up into a ball and tosses him over his shoulder, to the sound of bowling pins getting knocked over.
7. Ralph next attempts to roll a lit cannon behind Sam's back, but Sam simply flips the cannon around so it faces Ralph. As Ralph runs away, the cannonball lands exactly where Ralph ended up running to.
8. Finally, Ralph is sitting in his cave, depressed, and notices the rain outside, when an idea strikes him. He sneaks up behind Sam with a bottle of "Acme Patented Hair Grower (guaranteed)" and splashes some on Sam's head, who does not notice because of the rain. When the rain clears up, Sam has even more hair in front of his eyes than usual (he has this for the rest of the cartoon). Ralph tests to make sure that Sam cannot see him through the unruly mop of hair on his head and then heads down to grab a sheep. However, the moment Ralph lays a finger on the sheep, Sam hurtles down the hill to grab Ralph and pummel him.
During the pummelling, the time clock whistles, signalling the end of their shifts. Sam and Ralph punch out, then cordially bid each other good night.
Home media
The short was released on VHS in the 1980s on the home video release Looney Tunes Video Show Volume 3.
See also
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1950–1959)
References
External links
1955 films
Looney Tunes shorts
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
1950s American animated films
1955 animated films
Animated films about dogs
Animated films about wolves
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
1950s English-language films
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
On 5 June 2022, Brazilian indigenist Bruno Pereira and British journalist Dom Phillips were murdered during a boat trip through the Vale do Javari, the second-largest indigenous area in Brazil.
Two brothers were arrested by the Federal Police (PF) for suspected involvement in the murders. A few days later, one of them confessed to the killings, and he told the police where he had buried the bodies as well as the location of the boat that the missing duo had used. The forensics concluded the recognition of the bodies on 22 June. Philips' body was cremated in Niteroi in a ceremony reserved for family and close friends. Pereira's body was cremated in the city of Paulista in a ceremony that featured indigenous rituals.
Background
On 5 June 2022, Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips arrived at Lago do Jaburu, a location near the National Indian Foundation (FUNAI) Surveillance Base on the Ituí River, for Phillips to visit the site and conduct interviews with indigenous people. Two days later, they both went to the São Rafael community, where they were to hold a meeting with a local fisherman nicknamed "Churrasco." The aim of the meeting was to discuss joint work between riverine and indigenous people in the surveillance of the Javari Valley, a territory badly affected by invasions and criminal activities. However, the resident was not in the community, and the two talked to his wife. Pereira and Phillips disappeared while traveling along the Itaguaí River towards the municipality of Atalaia do Norte.
Victims
Bruno Pereira
Bruno Pereira was born in the city of Recife, in Pernambuco, on 15 August 1980. He was an indigenist and career servant of Funai, having been considered one of the country's leading experts on isolated or recently-contacted indigenous people. In 2019, he led the largest expedition to contact isolated indigenous peoples in 20 years. However, under pressure from ruralist sectors linked to the government of Jair Bolsonaro, he was dismissed from his post in October of that year by Sergio Moro's then-executive secretary at the Ministry of Justice, Luiz Pontel. According to indigenous entities, Pereira was constantly threatened by gold miners, madeirers, and fishermen.
Dom Phillips
Dom Phillips was born in the United Kingdom and worked as a freelance journalist, contributing to the Financial Times, The Guardian, The New York Times, and The Washington Post. He moved to Brazil in 2007 and lived in Salvador. He was married to Brazilian Alessandra Sampaio and was writing a book about the Amazon rainforest and its sustainable potential.
Criminal prosecution
Investigations
On 5 June, the Union of Indigenous Organizations of the Javari Valley (Univaja) organized two search teams that left Atalaia do Norte and Tabatinga. However, without success, the entity released a note on its social networks denouncing the disappearance and asking for efforts in the search. For its part, the Federal Police announced that it was investigating the event but gave no further details.
On 7 June, the Military Police searched the residence of Amarildo da Costa de Oliveira, known as "Pelado," after receiving an anonymous tip about his supposed participation in a disappearance. He was arrested for possession of drugs and unauthorized possession of restricted ammunition. At the time, the police seized the suspect's speedboat, where traces of blood were found and sent for analysis. On 12 June, the firefighters' team in Atalaia do Norte found a backpack, a laptop, and a pair of sandals near Amarildo's house. The following day, Dom Phillips' family was wrongly informed by the Brazilian Embassy in the United Kingdom that the bodies had been found.
On 15 June, Amarildo confessed his participation in the crime and indicated to the authorities where he had buried the bodies as well as the place where Pereira and Phillips' boat sank. The Federal Police found human remains at the indicated location and did not rule out further arrests. The day before the confession, Amarildo's brother, Oseney da Costa de Oliveira, was arrested.
On 18 June, police arrested a third suspect in the killings, Jefferson da Silva Lima.
Criminal procedure
On 21 July 2022, the Public Prosecutor's Office charged three people for the murder of Philips and Pereira and concealment of the bodies. The accusation was filed in the Federal Court of the town of Tabatinga, in Amazonas state. According to the prosecutors, Pereira was killed with three shots, one of them in the back, while Phillips was murdered only because he accompanied Pereira at the time the crime was committed.
Aftermath
The case had wide repercussions in the Brazilian and international media and mobilized societies and trade associations. The federal government has been criticized for not taking sufficient research measures and weakening institutions designed to protect the environment.
International press
Press coverage that increased since the beginning of the case gained international traction. The Guardian, a newspaper for whom Dom Phillips had written, stated there was "growing fear about the safety of the two men who disappeared in the forest days after receiving threats." BBC News has covered what it termed Phillips' "family and friends demand[ing] answers." The French newspaper Le Monde openly criticized the delay of the Federal Police and the Navy in initiating the search in the far west of the Amazon, pointing out that both only acted after media pressure and urgent intervention of the . The New York Times and The Washington Post drew attention to the delay in sending helicopters to scour the dense vegetation.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
References
2022 murders in Brazil
June 2022 events in Brazil
June 2022 crimes in South America
2020s missing person cases
Pereira, Bruno, Phillips, Dom
Deaths in Amazonas (Brazilian state)
History of Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Human rights in Brazil
Missing person cases in Brazil
Brazil–United Kingdom relations
Dichelesthiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Anthosoma Leach, 1816
Dichelesthium Hermann, 1804
Kabatarina Cressey & Boxshall, 1989
References
Copepods
Owo Museum is a museum in Owo, Nigeria. The museum was founded in 1968 to accommodate the antiquities which were formerly in the Olowo Palace. The museum contains significant archaeological artifacts and ethnographic materials discovered in the Owo area.
The Owo site was first excavated in 1969-1971 by Ekpo Eyo under the auspices of the Department of Antiquities of the Government of Nigeria. Due to Owo's location between the two famous art centers of Ife and Benin, the site reflects both artistic traditions. Important discoveries include terracotta sculptures dating from the 15th century.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Museums established in 1968
Owo
Martin Cooke is a baritone singer of opera and classical music. He attended St Aloysius' College, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
External links
Detailed biography and CV
Australian operatic baritones
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People educated at St Aloysius' College (Sydney)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sydney Conservatorium of Music alumni
21st-century Australian male opera singers
The 10s Spot is a satellite radio music channel that plays music from the 2010s. Originally launched on November 3, 2021, it airs on Sirius XM Radio Channel 11. The station plays pop, R&B, and hip hop songs from 2010 to 2019, and is commercial-free with the exception of station IDs, which primarily reference memes and pop culture references from the decade.
Selected Artists Played from:
Taylor Swift
Drake
Fall Out Boy
Lady Gaga
Justin Timberlake
Adele
Coldplay
Rihanna
Fetty Wap
Bruno Mars
Selena Gomez
Beyonce
Justin Bieber
Ed Sheeran
Katy Perry
Halsey
DJ Khaled
P!nk
The Weeknd
Post Malone
Kelly Clarkson
Meghan Trainor
Miley Cyrus
Nicki Minaj
Ariana Grande
Shawn Mendes
Maroon 5
Calvin Harris
Sia
Charlie Puth
Ke$ha
Demi Lovato
References
See also
List of Sirius XM Radio channels
Decades themed radio stations
2010s-themed radio stations
Radio stations established in 2021
Sirius XM Radio channels
Putt-Putt Travels Through Time is a 1997 video game and the fourth of seven adventure games in the Putt-Putt series of games developed and published by Humongous Entertainment. In 2014 Night Dive Studios re-released the iOS, Linux and Steam versions. On January 3, 2022, a port was released on the Nintendo Switch, as one of the first Humongous Entertainment games to be released on the system alongside Freddi Fish 3: The Case of the Stolen Conch Shell. This is the last game to feature Jason Ellefson as the voice of Putt-Putt.
Production
The production team brainstormed ideas for the follow-up title in the Putt Putt franchise. Among the alternate titles were: Putt-Putt Goes to the Carnival, Putt-Putt Saves the Universe, and Putt-Putt Learns to Fly. They eventually settled on Putt-Putt Travels Through Time. While the designs of the main characters were already established, the team had to work on designing to look of new characters such as Merlin the Medieval Sorcerer. Next, the scripts was written and storyboards were created to layout how each scene would work as a self-contained piece, as well as part of a larger story. Background artists then interpreted both the script and storyboards to create the look and feel of the game through the backgrounds; part of their job was to leave sufficient space for clickable hotspots. Once the basic design sketch was approved, it was given more detail and finally painted. Next, animators created series of drawings based on the storyboards which when viewed together would simulate movement; each of the 30,000 drawings were then individually scanned into a computer, where they were cleaned up and had imperfections removed. The next stage was for artists to colour frames and animate clickpoints; Humongous noted that while this stage was "tedious", it allowed low-level artists to be creative and use their initiative. Next, the work was handed over to programmers who wrote code to ensure the game responded to player choices, and who added sound effects to synch up to the animations. The music was created by Humongous, while voice actors were auditioned by the company (if new to the franchise), then sent to a studio to record their lines.
Putt Putt game designer Nick Mirkovich commented that there was a design philosophy of creating immersive interactive world for players to explore, and that like other games by Humongus, items needed for game completion were programmed to be in different places for separate playthroughs. Players could go behind the scenes into the game's production via the company website.
Plot
The game begins with Putt-Putt (voiced by Jason Ellefson) packing his new school supplies. Putt-Putt is excited to show Mr. Firebird his history report, calculator, and Smokey the Fire Engine lunchbox before school starts. He wakes up Pep, brings his coin, and heads down the road to Mr. Firebird's Lab. Mr. Firebird explains about his new Time Portal invention, which allows the past and future to be seen without actually traveling there. After Putt-Putt takes out his things, Mr. Firebird attempts to start the machine, fails, and realizes he needs a coin to start the machine. Putt-Putt offers the coin, and Mr. Firebird starts the machine.
However, the Time Portal goes haywire and opens up. It sucks Putt-Putt's objects and Pep into different times. A panicked Mr. Firebird tells Putt-Putt he cannot close the time portal unless all the present items are retrieved back from the different eras. Putt-Putt assures him that he will personally enter the portal and gather his things and Pep.
After many adventures in four different time periods (Stone Age, Medieval, Old West, and the Distant Future), Putt-Putt returns to the present with his things and Pep, and Mr. Firebird closes the portal for good. Putt-putt reassures a worried Mr. Firebird that Time Traveling was fun and that he had a good time. Mr. Firebird points out Putt-Putt will be late for school, so Putt-Putt leaves. At school, Putt-Putt shares with his classmates about all the things he learned while time traveling.
Gameplay
The game mechanics are the same as the prequels including the glove box inventory, horn, radio and accelerator. There are also a number of optional minigames throughout the four eras.
Reception
Computer Shopper felt the game was fun, but ultimately failed to live up to predecessors of the genre. The Cincinnati Post deemed the game "outstanding", and recommended that younger children purchase an earlier title in the Putt Putt series first to acquaint themselves with computers before attempting this more "challenging" title. The Boston Herald gave the game a rating of 4.5 stars, praising the abundance of clickable hotspots in every scene which would keep kids entertained while completing the adventure. The newspaper also deemed the game one of the "finest kid titles ever". Rocky Mountain News gave it a B, commenting that it lived up to the quality standard of Humongus Entertainment. The Washington Times wrote that the game was "delightful" and "uncomplicated".
In the fourth quarter of 1997, the game was the 4th biggest seller in the PC Kids/Edutainment category.
References
External links
Putt-Putt Travels Through Time at Humongous Entertainment
Putt Putt Travels Through Time
Adventure games
Android (operating system) games
Children's educational video games
Classic macOS games
Dinosaurs in video games
Humongous Entertainment games
Infogrames games
IOS games
Linux games
Nintendo Switch games
Point-and-click adventure games
ScummVM-supported games
Single-player video games
Video games about time travel
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Jeremy Soule
Video games set in the future
Video games set in the Middle Ages
Western (genre) video games
Windows games
(Ivor) Rex Harris (27 July 1939 – 2 April 2022) FREng FIMMM FInstP was a British academic.
Rex Harris was educated at Larkfield Grammar School in Chepstow. He graduated from the University of Birmingham with the degrees of BSc, PhD, and DSc. Harris was an ICI research fellow, then lecturer, and then senior lecturer at Birmingham University between 1964 and 1987. Harris was a Professor of Materials Science at Birmingham University from 1988. He was head of the school of metallurgy and materials at Birmingham University from 1996 to 2001, in addition to being acting head from 1989 to 1990. Harris was President of the Magnetics Panel of the Institute of Physics in 1999, and President of the Birmingham Metallurgical Association in 1992. Harris was chairman of the UK Magnetics Club from 1988 to 1990. He was chairman of the European Material Research Society in 1988. Harris was chairman of the Magnetism and Magnetic Materials Initiative of SERC from 1992 to 1994. Harris was chair of the 13th International Workshop on Rare Earth Magnets and their Application in 1994, and of the 8th International Symposium on Magnetic Anisotropy and Coercivity in Rare-earth Metal Alloys in 1994. Harris was appointed a foreign member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine in 2000. He was appointed to a Marie Curie individual fellowship in 2000. He became a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 1994. He was appointed a Fellow of the Institute of Physics in 2003. He was made a Fellow of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining in 1992. He was appointed a Member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in 1992.
References
1939 births
2022 deaths
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
British materials scientists
Rare earth scientists
Matt Saincome is an American businessperson, journalist, and satirist.
Education
Matt Saincome was born in Danville, California in 1991. Following high school he graduated from San Francisco State University with a degree in journalism.
Music
In 2009 he and his brother Ed cofounded the straight edge hardcore band Zero Progress, for which Saincome was the frontman using the stage name of “The Champ” – a satirical character based on typical hardcore frontmen's macho attitudes. The band folded in 2014, following which Saincome founded the straight edge band PURE. He has also served as a booker for hardcore and punk shows in the San Francisco area.
Writing
Saincome published a zine called Punks! Punks! Punks! between 2009 and 2012, releasing a total of six issues. Ian Mackaye, Henry Rollins, Lars Frederiksen, and several other punk scene figures were interviewed in the zine, which had a print run of about 50 copies an issue. Following his degree in journalism, he worked as a freelancer for Vice and served as the music editor at SF Weekly until 2016. As a freelancer he produced several articles that went viral, including his Weekly piece “Meet the Man Who Had Sex with a Dolphin (and Wrote a Book About It)”. During this time he came up with the idea of creating a career out of what he called “punk comedy journalism”.
The Hard Times
In November 2014 Saincome, his brother Ed Saincome, and Bill Conway used an $800 budget to cofound the satirical website The Hard Times. Since its founding, the site has added live events and a podcast network to its repertoire. The podcast is entitled The Hard Times Podcast, and features Saincome and Conway in discussion and doing interviews. Its work has been described as a “combination of satirical stories that get into the nitty-gritty of punk politics, and spoofs of news stories”. By 2019 the site was receiving about five million views per month. In 2019 the company cofounded a sister site about videogaming called The Hard Drive.
In 2019 Saincome co-authored the book, The Hard Times: The First 40 Years, following which he proceeded with a national book tour. He also cofounded OutVoice, an automated freelancer payment tool. In 2020 The Hard Times was acquired by Project M in a deal that valued the company over $2 million and allowed Saincome to retain ownership of Hard Drive. He also stayed on board at Hard Times in a position focusing on brand vision.
Personal life
Matt Saincome adheres to a straight edge lifestyle.
References
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American musicians
21st-century American writers
American satirists
People from Danville, California
San Francisco State University alumni
American punk rock musicians
American technology company founders
Journalists from California
Living people
American comedy writers
1991 births
Adelaida Negri (12 December 1943 – 17 August 2019) was an Argentine operatic soprano who recorded and performed at leading opera houses. She was known for roles in operas by Puccini and Verdi.
Life
Negri was born in Buenos Aires. She trained as a lawyer but her talent as a singer took priority. With the gold medal she was awarded by the Instituto Superior de Arte of the Teatro Colón, the British Council helped fund her further study at the London Opera Centre.
She appeared in Don Carlo, Madama Butterfly, Aida, Macbeth, Mefistofele, La vida breve and Proserpina and in the premiere of Juan Carlos Zorzi's Antígona Vélez, but her debut was at the Teatro Colón where had initially trained. She became known for her roles in operas by Verdi and Puccini, but she was known for finding minor works by other composers. Negri made some recordings but they are considered to have not captured her sound at its best.
She made her base in Europe where she was appearing in the major operas houses in Western Europe, but rarely in London.
In 1997 she founded "La Casa de la Opera de Buenos Aires" whose aim was to bring on younger talent and a wider operatic repertoire.
Negri died in Buenos Aires in 2019 after a long illness.
References
External links
1943 births
2019 deaths
Singers from Buenos Aires
Argentine operatic sopranos
20th-century Argentine women opera singers
The 1999 Honduran Supercup was held between winners of 1997–98 Honduran Liga Nacional (Motagua) and 1997 Honduran Cup (Platense). It was the second attempt for the Selacios to obtain the crown, however, the Blues prevailed as champions.
Qualified teams
The game
References
Honduran Supercup
Supercup
The PS Washington Irving was a sidewheel day boat and the flagship of the Hudson River Day Line that operated on the Hudson River from 1913 to 1926.
The Washington Irving collided with an oil barge in the fog on 1 June 1926 on the North River. With the aid of tugboats, it reached shore at Pier 12, Jersey City, where it sank soon thereafter. Out of 200 passengers and 105 crew, three died as a result of the accident.
Its removal was complicated due to its sinking upon the site of the Holland Tunnel, which was under construction. It remained submerged there until 13 February 1927, when it was raised and determined to be a total loss. A bond was issued for its replacement.
Characteristics
The quadruple-decker Washington Irving, named after the author Washington Irving, was built in 1912 by the New York Shipbuilding Company for contract number 126 with machinery built by W. & A. Fletcher Company of Hoboken, New Jersey. The ship was launched 7 December 1912 and delivered 3 May 1913 for use in the New York City-Albany service.
Naval architect Frank E. Kirby, designer of large Great Lakes passenger steamers, collaborated with the New York City firm J. W. Millard & Brothers, designers of ferry boats, to design the ship. Kirby's Seeandbee, launched 9 November 1912 at the Detroit Shipbuilding Company, was the largest side wheel ship in the world at the time.<ref>{{cite journal |title=Side Wheel Passenger Steamer See-and-Bee |last1=International Marine Engineering |year=1913 |publisher=Aldrish Publishing Company |location=New York, New York |journal=International Marine Engineering |volume=XVIII |number=6 |pages=252–258 |url=https://books.google.com/books?id=0m7mAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA252 |access-date=13 December 2014}}</ref> Preliminary design tests on hull form were conducted by at the University of Michigan determining the best form for minimum wave making resistance in shallow water at high speeds.
With a carrying capacity of 6,000 passengers, it had the largest passenger-carrying capacity of any riverboat built at the time of its construction.
The steel-hulled steamer measured length overall, beam over all, molded beam, depth and draft. The ship's tonnage was . Seven transverse bulkheads divided the hull with extensive strengthening for rigidity of the five decks to prevent hogging and sagging without use of visible hogging girders prevalent on older vessels of the type. Steel and asbestos were used in hull and superstructure, particularly in high exposure areas such as fire room and galley, whenever practical for fire protection.
Propulsion was by steel, feathering paddles in diameter driven by a three-cylinder compound inclined engine with cylinders measuring , and with an stroke. Four single-ended and two double-ended Scotch boilers provided steam. The single-ended boilers measured diameter by length, and the double-ended boilers were diameter by in length with coal consumption of five tons per hour. operating speed was or, in marine terms, 20.4 knots. Two 35 kilowatt Kerr turbo generators provided electrical power.
The ship had three smoke stacks amidships for its boilers, but the forward stack was non-functioning; only added for aesthetic purposes. The ship began service with the Hudson River Day Line as their flagship steamer from 1913 to 1926.Washington Irving was intended solely for passenger day service and neither sleeping nor cargo spaces were incorporated in design. Nineteen private "balcony parlors" were available with the rest of the spaces being large public spaces with decor based on the Irving period. A large writing room's design was based on the Alhambra. Forward, below the main deck, was a large lunchroom patterned on the Old Cock Tavern of London and a ladies lounge was patterned on Irving's study at "Sunnyside". The main dining room, on the after main deck, was purely in Colonial style. The main saloon on the main deck blended Moorish and Knickerbocker designs and was among the largest rooms afloat. The vessel had about of outside deck space and rooms were fitted with large plate glass for views of the river. Though licensed for 6,000 passengers, breaking a record for such ships previously held by consort Hendrik Hudson, the deck space would have made it possible to carry 1,400 more than its 6,000 capacity license allowed.
Service life
The Washington Irving operated daily leisure passenger service up and down the Hudson River. Its maiden voyage was on Saturday, 17 May 1913 from the Desbrosses Street Pier in New York City with a destination of Albany. On that voyage, fifty oil paintings by artists illustrating the Irving period were on view. Tickets for the maiden voyage sold for $1.00.Washington Irving replaced the Robert Fulton on the New York to Albany run. The ship remained in service up until its sinking in 1926 and was the only ship in service ever to be lost by the Day Line. The first pilot of the Washington Irving from 1913 through 1923 was Captain Van Woert.
Sinking
Soon after departing the Desbrosses Street Pier on its way to Albany in the morning fog of 1 June 1926, Washington Irving was struck, a little after 9:00am, by one of two oil barges being pushed by the tug boat Thomas E. Moran. The collision damaged Washington Irvings starboard side below the water line just aft of amidships, allowing water to rush into the engine rooms. The collision resulted in a hole measuring long and wide. The Captain, David H. Deming, ordered all passengers to put on life preservers and whistled the "Ship's afire" signal of two long and three short blasts repeatedly. A chaos of shouts prevailed as the passengers tried to don life vests and locate their children in the fog. An inability to see any land increased the alarm of the passengers despite the Captain's shouts that all would be safe and he ordered the jazz band to resume playing their music and maintain their post until rescue.
Assisted by tug boats, Washington Irving reached shore at the then under construction Pier 12, Jersey City and sank five minutes later. Three passengers died as a result of the accident. Wylma Wood Hoag, (wife of Lynne Arthur Hoag and mother to Arthur Allen Hoag), their three-year-old daughter Mary, and B. Woods, a steward, who was trapped in a cabin far below deck.
The accident was determined to be unavoidable due to "the unusual and unexpected strength of the tidal current, possibly below the surface" after an inquiry by the United States Steamship Inspection Board closed on 9 June 1926.Washington Irving was valued at $1,000,000 but insured for much less. The barge suffered only $8,000 of damages. At the time of the sinking, Alexander McKinney was the head porter. He had joined the Day Line in 1905 and continued in their service till at least 1964.
AftermathWashington Irving had sunk on top of the New York-New Jersey vehicular tube complicating its removal. The wreck became a menace to navigation and was struck at 3am on 16 June by a railroad car float.Washington Irving was raised on 13 February 1927 and towed to a dry dock to determine whether its condition warranted repair. In March, Washington Irving was determined to be a total loss and a bond was issued to refinance the company's debt and to provide financing for its replacement, the Peter Stuyvesant. The Peter Stuyvesant'' was originally estimated to cost $700,000, but when the boat was completed in June, the final cost was closer to $1,000,000.
External links
Photo of a green pennant depicting the Washington Irving.
Approximate shipwreck site, western end of the Holland Tunnel.
See also
Shipwreck
References
1912 ships
Ships built by New York Shipbuilding Corporation
Steamboats of the Hudson River
Shipwrecks of New York (state)
Maritime incidents in 1926
Shipwrecks of the New Jersey coast
Shipwrecks in rivers
Ships sunk in collisions
Tavola may refer to:
Kaliopate Tavola (born 1946), Fijian economist, diplomat, politician and Minister for Foreign Affairs
Roberto Tavola (born 1957), retired Italian professional football player
See also
Gran Tavola (Italian for "Great Table") was the largest Sienese bank, and one of the most powerful banks in Europe from 1255 to 1298
In music, the belly of a Sound board (music)
Felissa Rose Esposito, better known as simply Felissa Rose (born May 23, 1969), is an American actress and producer. Rose has amassed over 100 film credits, and is best known for her work in the horror genre, for which she is recognized as a scream queen.
Rose made her film debut as Angela Baker in the cult-horror film Sleepaway Camp (1983), which was a commercial success and earned her praise from critics and audiences. She reprised the role in the sequel Return to Sleepaway Camp (2008), which was not as successful as its predecessor. Her other horror roles include Elsa Lansing in Silent Night, Zombie Night (2009), Mother in The Perfect House (2012), Rachel Steele in Camp Dread (2014), Angela Freeman in Death House (2018), Kathleen in Victor Crowley (2018) and Ms. Principe in Terrifier 2 (2022).
In 2016, Rose produced a number of music videos for the metal band Slayer.
Early life
Born in Greenwich Village in New York City, Rose grew up in Woodbury, New York. Rose graduated from New York University.
Career
After appearing in Sleepaway Camp, she made some more sporadic appearances in a few television shows, and also made an appearance in the 1993 film The Night We Never Met. In 1998, she returned to acting when she appeared in an episode of the television series Prey. She was later tracked down in 1999 by Jeff Hayes who runs The Official Sleepaway Camp Website: www.sleepawaycampmovies.com through a letter he sent her in the mail asking her to do an interview for the website and gauge her interest in doing a new Sleepaway Camp sequel. Shortly thereafter, Hayes met with Rose in New York and the duo began her resurrection through the website and followed things up with Return To Sleepaway Camp. She has since returned to cinema and has appeared in such films as Chris Watson's Zombiegeddon (2003), Andreas Schnaas' Nikos (2003), and Steve Taylor's Sludge (2005). She has also appeared in two films by New Jersey filmmaker Dante Tomaselli: Horror (2002) and Satan's Playground (2005). In addition Felissa co-hosted the 2005 Village Halloween Parade in New York City with fellow scream queens Debbie Rochon and Raine Brown. She also had a cameo role in the sequel to the original Sleepaway Camp titled Return to Sleepaway Camp. In the sequel, she reprises the role of Angela Baker. The movie had a straight to DVD release on November 4, 2008. She also appears in Hotdog Casserole, written and directed by Chris Raab, as the mother in a dysfunctional family. Rose starred in a role as Mother in the segment "Dinner Guest" in the anthology horror film, The Perfect House. She also portrayed forensic pathologist Amy Short in the Francis Xavier thriller Poe. In 2016, Felissa starred in the paranormal horror film Family Possessions, written and directed by Tommy Faircloth. The film also starred Mark Patton. In May 2017, she helped produce and acted in the horror film, Death House. Rose recently acted in Adam Green's Victor Crowley.
Personal life
Rose lives in California with her husband, former CKY singer/guitarist Deron Miller, and their two daughters, Bianca Rose (born 2005) and Lola Marue (born 2007), and son Thomas Carver (born 2009). Rose and Miller were co-stars in Dave Campfield's 2008 horror comedy Caesar and Otto's Summer Camp Massacre.
Partial filmography
References
External links
1969 births
American film actresses
Living people
People from Greenwich Village
American people of Italian descent
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Woodbury, Nassau County, New York
Lux Mundi (Latin for "Light of the World") is a tall statue of Jesus at Solid Rock Church, a Christian nondenominational church near Monroe, Ohio, in the United States. Designed by Tom Tsuchiya, Lux Mundi replaced the statue King of Kings which was struck by lightning and destroyed by fire in 2010.
Design
The statue shows Jesus stepping forward with a welcoming gesture, a pose inspired by the Gospels of St. Matthew and St. John. Facing I-75, the statue stands on a foundation decorated by rocks with a cascading water feature.
Because of its pose and inviting quality (and in reference to its predecessor's nickname "Touchdown Jesus"), Lux Mundi has earned the nickname “Hug Me Jesus”.
Construction
The polymer composite and steel sculpture is mainly fabricated by Display Dynamics of Clayton, Ohio. Since the original statue at Solid Rock Church was destroyed by fire, the new statue incorporates fire resistant materials including a lightning suppression system. Following several months of work, the major pieces of the statue were assembled together at the site on September 19, 2012, and it was dedicated eleven days later.
See also
List of the tallest statues
List of the tallest statues in the United States
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Warren County, Ohio
Colossal statues of Jesus
Monuments and memorials in Ohio
Outdoor sculptures in Ohio
Christianity in Ohio
2012 sculptures
La Commedia is an opera in five parts composed by Louis Andriessen. A retelling of Dante's Divine Comedy, the multi-language libretto was constructed by Andriessen using extracts from Dante's poem as well as several other sources including the Old Testament and the poetry of Joost van den Vondel. Andriessen describes the work as a "film opera" and collaborated closely with film director Hal Hartley in its development. La Commedia premiered on 12 June 2008 at the Koninklijk Theater Carré in Amsterdam.
Performance history
Following its Amsterdam premiere, La Commedia was performed in 2010 in concert version but with the same cast and musicians at the Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles and Carnegie Hall in New York. It received a further concert performance in London at the Barbican in 2016 performed by the BBC Symphony Orchestra with Cristina Zavalloni and Claron McFadden reprising their original roles as Dante and Beatrice. The opera won the 2011 Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition, and in 2014 the recording of the premiere production was released on CD and DVD.
Roles
Reception
Ivan Hewett of The Telegraph wrote, “Like all Andriessen's best pieces, this showed a man constantly engaged, in the most passionate terms, with the unfathomable dichotomies of human life; passion versus rationality, matter versus spirit, life and death.” Andrew Clements of The Guardian rated the Dutch National Opera set four out of five stars and argued, “The tone is wonderfully varied – sometimes profoundly serious, sometimes wildly exuberant or irreverent – matched to a score that is equally diverse and eclectic.” In the Los Angeles Times, Mark Swed lauded it as a “profoundly moving, if slyly unsentimental, meditation on life, love and death [...] it is Andriessen's “Italian” opera and has the depth, musical richness and (I predict) lasting power of late Verdi.” Swed praised “the humor, the ingratiating jazziness, the terrible fury and, in the end, the ravishing grace of the later scenes.“ In a 2019 poll of critics and editors of The Guardian, the opera was ranked the seventh greatest classical composition of the 21st century, with Clements referring to the score as “wonderfully polyglot”.
References
External links
Andriessen, Louis: La Commedia (2004-08). Boosey & Hawkes (scoring and synopsis)
Allenby, David (2008). "Louis Andriessen interview: Creating La Commedia". Boosey & Hawkes
Operas
2008 operas
Operas by Louis Andriessen
Multiple-language operas
Operas based on works by Dante Alighieri
Works based on Inferno (Dante)
Works based on Purgatorio
Works based on Paradiso (Dante)
The Central African Mining and Exploration Company plc (CAMEC) was a mining company active in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and in other parts of Africa. It was acquired by Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation in 2009.
Early years
In September 2002 Andrew Groves reported a 6 to 7 million Rand had been spent to upgrade the Three Aloes mine.
CAMEC listed on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market in October 2002. It pursued an aggressive and successful program of acquiring and developing projects, finding little difficulty in gaining funding based on its strong track record.
The company developed operations or undertook exploration in Mali (bauxite), Mozambique (coal), the DRC (copper and cobalt), South Africa (fluorspar) and Zimbabwe.
Entry into Congo
Initially, the Zimbabwean businessman Billy Rautenbach controlled Boss Mining Sprl, which owned 50% of the Mukondo resource. The provenance of Rautenbach's claims to Mukondo were the subject of considerable controversy, as he was appointed head of the Congolese state-owned Gécamines at the same time Zimbabwe was supporting the embattled DRC government. In a February 2006 deal, Rautenbach gained about 17% of the CAMEC shares when CAMEC bought an 80% share in Boss.
Attempted Katanga bid
Around this time, the recently re-elected Congolese administration had announced a review of all existing mining contracts, due to widespread concerns about irregularities of mineral concessions made by officials during and in the aftermath of the Second Congo War.
In July 2007, CAMEC said it planned to acquire of the Canadian copper company Katanga Mining in exchange for shares in the combined company. At the time of the offer, CAMEC already owned 22% of Katanga.
However, the deal encountered difficulties as Billy Rautenbach was arrested and deported to Zimbabwe. The DRC deputy mines minister, Victor Kasongo, stated that way the C19 license had been obtained was fraudulent. CAMEC strongly disputed this, and stated the move was designed to destabilize its bid for Katanga. CAMEC withdrew the offer in September 2007, citing uncertainty due to a review of mining licenses being conducted by the DRC government. Despite statements from DRC attorney general Tshimanga Mukeba that certain CAMEC mining rights were annulled, in October 2007 CAMEC continued to argue that they remained valid.
Reorganization
In June 2007, Dan Gertler purchased Prairie International, which owned 100% of Tremalt, which owned 80% of Kababankola Mining Company Sprl which owned other 50% stake in the Mukondo project. In November of 2007 CAMEC and Prairie International, the owner of Tremalt, decided to combine their Mukondo assets into a new holding company operated as a joint venture. Billy Rautenbach would be excluded from ownership in the new company due to the hostile relations that had developed between him and the DRC government.
The new ownership structure consisted of the assets owned 70% by CAMEC, and 30% by Gecamines, with CAMEC issuing a 32.7% equity stake to Gertler's companies.
The venture aimed to extract cobalt from Mukondo, to reopen Kakanda concentrator and to control the copper cobalt SX/EW facility at Luita.
In February 2008 the two companies announced that the Mukondo Mountain operations had restarted.
In July 2008 CAMEC said the Luita facility, due to be completed later that year, would be the largest of its kind in the world.
The target was to produce 100,000 tonnes per year of copper cathode.
In July 2009 CAMEC announced a long-term agreement under which CAMEC would deliver its entire annual production of cobalt in concentrate from Mukondo Mountain to Zhejiang Galico Cobalt & Nickel Materials of China.
Other projects
CAMEC had a stake in the Copper Resources Corporation but it was "disenfranchised", giving Metorex of South Africa an effective economic interest of 99.99%.
In May 2009 CAMEC said it had found bauxite on a property in Mali with an inferred resource of 439 million tons.
In July 2009 CAMEC said it was conducting a feasibility study at the Bokai platinum prospect in Zimbabwe, due to be completed by September. It expected to start production in 2012.
In September 2009 the Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation (ENRC) of Kazakhstan made a £584-million cash offer for CAMEC.
The chairperson Phillippe Edmonds and CEO Andrew Groves both resigned when the deal was closed in November 2009.
References
Cobalt mining companies
Copper mining companies of the United Kingdom
Copper mining in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mining in Katanga Province
Non-renewable resource companies established in 2002
Non-renewable resource companies disestablished in 2009
2002 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
2000s disestablishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation
Eneko Llanos Burguera (born 30 November 1976 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Alava) is a Spanish triathlete.
Llanos competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took twenty-third place with a total time of 1:50:48.35. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Llanos competed again, moving up in the ranking to twentieth place. His time on the more difficult Athens course was 1:54:52.37.
He has also been a top-10 finisher at Hawaii Ironman on three occasions.
In 2008 Eneko became a recognized competitor for the Ironman Hawaii crown. After a fierce duel with Chris Mccormack in Wildflower, where he finished 19 seconds behind Mccormack, and when the scenario repeated itself in Frankfurt, it was clear that Eneko was a serious contender. He was then mentioned on many occasions as one of the pre-favourites, with Mccormack, Craig Alexander and Normann Stadler.
Again it was a 2nd place, and again it was to a time difference of 3 minutes and 5 seconds.
He is vegetarian.
He was champion of the first Abu Dhabi International Triathlon.
References
Ironman Arizona 1st place 11/18/2018
1976 births
Living people
Spanish male triathletes
Triathletes from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Spain
Sportspeople from Vitoria-Gasteiz
Athletics, for the 2015 Island Games, was held at the FB Athletics Track
Medal table
Results
Men
Women
References
Island Games
Athletics
2015
2015 Island Games
Łotów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Graz tube weaning model () is a method that supports parents, caregivers and professionals to help and empower medically fragile children with early and post-traumatic eating behavior disorders, particularly tube dependency.
Overview
Enteral feeding via a tube (nasogastric tube, PEG or jejunostomy) is commonly used in the treatment of premature infants and young children to support them during periods of severe illness and health disorders when a child is unable to swallow food safely. In specific cases, tube feeding is a necessary intervention, however, it can cause problems when it comes to tube weaning and resuming an oral diet.
Children may suffer from food aversion when fed without a tube and resist natural oral feeding. This effect is caused by a combination of physical and psychological disorders, which are addressed during a tube weaning program.
The Graz tube weaning model was developed by a multidisciplinary team based at the Children's Hospital, Graz during the 1990s and first published in 2000.
Medical uses
Tube weaning program is specifically designed for premature infants and children who are fed via a nasogastric, nasojejunal, gastrostomy or jejunostomy tube. The treatment is performed either when the feeding tube is no longer needed or if children experience side effects and poor response to enteral feeding. The program is suitable both for primary weaning and children that had been unsuccessfully weaned in the past. It is especially recommended for children that are struggling with oral feeding or have developed tube dependency.
Contraindications
Tube weaning is contraindicated in children who do not have a safe swallowing response. It is not recommended if there is a high possibility of an upcoming surgery or intervention that will require further usage of a feeding tube.
Medical risks
One of the medical risks is weight loss. Losing up to 10% of a child's weight is expected in the transition from exclusive enteral feeding to oral intake and is acceptable during the initial phase of treatment.
There's also risk of choking and aspiration. Children are assessed for risk of choking and aspiration prior to starting the tube weaning process and are excluded from learning to eat if aspiration or choking is a medically confirmed finding.
Techniques
The original technique is an intense 3-week inpatient treatment program. The child is admitted to the unit with at least one parent or caregiver and has ongoing input from multiple therapists, as well as medical rounds several times a day and 24-hour support from nursing and medical staff. This method is especially suitable for children with co-existing, notable health issues when close medical supervision is highly recommended.
The child and parent/caregiver attend multiple therapy sessions:
Developmental psychology and play sessions, including puppet interactions to assess and treat attachment disorders.
Physiotherapy which is aimed to improve motor tone and self-feeding movements.
Occupational therapy to improve tactile ability and coordination and acclimatize the child to ‘biological' textures.
Speech and language therapy to introduce non-traumatic oral stimulation to oro-facial area as well as being involved in assessment of swallowing.
Developmental psychotherapy sessions with the child and sessions for parents on request, working on management of past traumatic experiences, parent-child attachment issues and relationship stresses.
Nutrition counseling is intense educational support regarding future diet in terms of adequate caloric and nutritional intake for the child's growth and condition needs.
The treatment includes daily play picnic, which is usually lasts one hour. Children spend time in a room where food is attractively portioned/positioned and usually served on the floor. Using a psychoanalytically based play therapy, children may choose to examine, touch or taste the available food. According to the program, children must become self-motivated and no encouragement or distraction is received from parents. Parents' interactions are monitored by video and one-way mirrors with positively-framed feedback given after each session. During the rest of the time, food is freely available to the child with no offering or encouragement.
Since its development, the method has been modified so that children can attend on an outpatient basis, or treated remotely by a net coaching program.
Recovery
Studies in 2001 and 2010 have shown a 95% (n=62) and 92% (n=221) success rate respectively (success being defined as obtaining all nutrition orally) in children treated with this approach. Follow-up contacts show that fully weaned children have increased BMIs when measured after treatment compared to when they were entirely tube fed.
2014 study compared inpatient treatment and Netcoaching approaches and showed 90.5% (n=169) and 81.3% (n=209) success rates respectively.
References
Child and adolescent psychiatry
Enteral feeding
Prigent VII de Coëtivy (1399 – 20 July 1450), seigneur de Coëtivy, baron de Retz and seigneur de Machecoul, was a Breton nobleman. He was in the service of the French crown and was killed at the siege of Cherbourg in 1450.
References
Nicolle, David. The Fall of English France 1449–53. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2012.
1399 births
1450 deaths
15th-century Breton people
The Tianjin–Shanhaiguan railway or Jinshan railway is a railway line in China between Tianjin and Shanhaiguan. The line is 303 km long and starts serves Tianjin, Tanggu, Tangshan, Qinhuangdao and Shanhaiguan railway stations. The railway was originally part of the Beijing–Harbin railway but was renamed when the Beijing–Harbin railway was merged with the Beijing–Qinhuangdao railway.
References
See also
Rail transport in China
List of railways in China
Railway lines in China
Rail transport in Tianjin
Popielarnia may refer to the following places:
Popielarnia, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Popielarnia, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Popielarnia, Ostrów Mazowiecka County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Popielarnia, Żyrardów County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 (STAT1) is a transcription factor which in humans is encoded by the STAT1 gene. It is a member of the STAT protein family.
Function
All STAT molecules are phosphorylated by receptor associated kinases, that causes activation, dimerization by forming homo- or heterodimers and finally translocate to nucleus to work as transcription factors. Specifically STAT1 can be activated by several ligands such as Interferon alpha (IFNα), Interferon gamma (IFNγ), Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF), Platelet Derived Growth Factor (PDGF), Interleukin 6 (IL-6), or IL-27.
Type I interferons (IFN-α, IFN-ß) bind to receptors, cause signaling via kinases, phosphorylate and activate the Jak kinases TYK2 and JAK1 and also STAT1 and STAT2. STAT molecules form dimers and bind to ISGF3G/IRF-9, which is Interferon stimulated gene factor 3 complex with Interferon regulatory Factor 9. This allows STAT1 to enter the nucleus. STAT1 has a key role in many gene expressions that cause survival of the cell, viability or pathogen response. There are two possible transcripts (due to alternative splicing) that encode 2 isoforms of STAT1. STAT1α, the full-length version of the protein, is the main active isoform, responsible for most of the known functions of STAT1. STAT1ß, which lacks a portion of the C-terminus of the protein, is less-studied, but has variously been reported to negatively regulate activation of STAT1 or to mediate IFN-γ-dependent anti-tumor and anti-infection activities.
STAT1 is involved in upregulating genes due to a signal by either type I, type II, or type III interferons. In response to IFN-γ stimulation, STAT1 forms homodimers or heterodimers with STAT3 that bind to the GAS (Interferon-Gamma-Activated Sequence) promoter element; in response to either IFN-α or IFN-β stimulation, STAT1 forms a heterodimer with STAT2 that can bind the ISRE (Interferon-Stimulated Response Element) promoter element. In either case, binding of the promoter element leads to an increased expression of ISG (Interferon-Stimulated Genes).
Expression of STAT1 can be induced with diallyl disulfide, a compound in garlic.
Mutations of STAT1
Mutations in the STAT1 molecule can be gain of function (GOF) or loss of function (LOF). Both of them can cause different phenotypes and symptoms. Recurring common infections are frequent in both GOF and LOF mutations. In humans STAT1 has been particularly under strong purifying selection when populations shifted from hunting and gathering to farming, because this went along with a change in the pathogen spectrum.
Loss of function
STAT1 loss of function, therefore STAT1 deficiency can have many variants. There are two main genetic impairments that can cause response to interferons type I and III. First there can be autosomal recessive partial or even complete deficiency of STAT1. That causes intracellular bacterial diseases or viral infections and impaired IFN a, b, g and IL27 responses are diagnosed. In partial form there can also be found high levels of IFNg in blood serum. When tested from whole blood, monocytes do not respond to BCG and IFNg doses with IL-12 production. In complete recessive form there is a very low response to anti-viral and antimycotical medication. Second, partial STAT1 deficiency can also be an autosomal dominant mutation; phenotypically causing impaired IFNg responses and causing patients to suffer with selective intracellular bacterial diseases (MSMD).
In knock-out mice prepared in the 90s, a low amount of CD4+ and CD25+ regulatory T-cells and almost no IFNa, b and g response was discovered, which lead to parasital, viral and bacterial infections. The very first reported case of STAT1 deficiency in human was an autosomal dominant mutation and patients were showing propensity to mycobacterial infections. Another case reported was about an autosomal recessive form. 2 related patients had a homozygous missense STAT1 mutation which caused impaired splicing, therefore a defect in mature protein. Patients had partially damaged response to both IFNa and IFNg. Scientists now claim that recessive STAT1 deficiency is a new form of primary immunodeficiency and whenever a patient suffers sudden, severe and unexpected bacterial and viral infections, should be considered as potentially STAT1 deficient.
Interferons induce the formation of two transcriptional activators: gamma-activating factor (GAF) and interferon-stimulated gamma factor 3 (ISGF3). A natural heterozygous germline STAT1 mutation associated with susceptibility to mycobacterial but not viral disease was found in two unrelated patients with unexplained mycobacterial disease. This mutation caused a loss of GAF and ISGF3 activation but was dominant for one cellular phenotype and recessive for the other. It impaired the nuclear accumulation of GAF but not of ISGF3 in cells stimulated by interferons, implying that the antimycobacterial but not the antiviral effects of human interferons are mediated by GAF. More recently, two patients have been identified with homozygous STAT-1 mutations who developed both post–BCG vaccination disseminated disease and lethal viral infections. The mutations in these patients caused a complete lack of STAT-1 and resulted in a lack of formation of both GAF and ISGF3.
Gain of function
Gain of function mutation was first discovered in patients with chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis (CMC). This disease is characteristic with its symptoms as persistent infections of the skin, mucosae - oral or genital and nails infections caused by Candida, mostly Candida albicans. CMC may very often result from primary immunodeficiency. Patients with CMC often suffer also with bacterial infections (mostly Staphylococcus aureus), also with infections of the respiratory system and skin. In these patients we can also find viral infections caused mostly by Herpesviridae, that also affect the skin. The mycobacterial infections are often caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis or environmental bacteria. Very common are also autoimmune symptoms like type 1 diabetes, cytopenia, regression of the thymus or systemic lupus erythematosus. When T-cell deficient, these autoimmune díseases are very common. CMC was also reported as a common symptom in patients with hyper immunoglobulin E syndrome (hyper-IgE) and with autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type I. There was reported an interleukin 17A role, because of low levels of IL-17A producing T-cells in CMC patients.
With various genomic and genetic methods was discovered, that a heterozygous gain of function mutation of STAT1 is a cause of more than a half CMC cases. This mutation is caused by defect in the coiled-coil domain, domain that binds DNA, N-terminal domain or SH2 domain. Because of this there is increased phosphorylation because of impossible dephosphorylation in nucleus. These processes are dependent on cytokines like interferon alpha or beta, interferon gamma or interleukin 27. As mentioned above, low levels of interleukin 17A were observed, therefore impaired the Th17 polarization of the immune response.
Patients with STAT1 gain of function mutation and CMC poorly or not at all respond to treatment with azole drugs such as Fluconazole, Itraconazole or Posaconazole. Besides common viral and bacterial infections, these patients develop autoimmunities or even carcinomas. It is very complicated to find a treatment because of various symptoms and resistances, inhibitors of JAK/STAT pathway such as Ruxolitinib are being tested and are a possible choice of treatment for these patients.
Interactions
STAT1 has been shown to interact with:
BRCA1,
C-jun,
CD117,
CREB-binding protein,
Calcitriol receptor,
Epidermal growth factor receptor,
Fanconi anemia, complementation group C,
GNB2L1,
IFNAR2,
IRF1,
ISGF3G
Interleukin 27 receptor, alpha subunit,
MCM5,
Mammalian target of rapamycin,
PIAS1,
PRKCD,
PTK2,
Protein kinase R,
STAT2,
STAT3,
Src, and
TRADD.
References
Further reading
External links
Gene expression
Immune system
Proteins
Transcription factors
Signal transduction
Sharron Kraus is an English singer, songwriter and musician with strong ties to the US. Kraus was born in New York but grew up in Leicester, England. She has lived in Philadelphia and collaborated with American musicians, including Meg Baird, Helena Espvall, Christian Kiefer, Tara Burke (Fursaxa), and Gillian Chadwick (Ex Reverie) .
Kraus has been compared to 1970s English folk singers such as Shirley Collins and Anne Briggs and heralded as one of the strongest voices in English contemporary folk. She has recorded a collection of traditional folk songs, Leaves From Off the Tree, with Meg Baird and Helena Espvall of Philadelphia psych folk band Espers, but the majority of her work is self-authored, influenced by English and Appalachian folk song, but with its own distinctive voice. Musically Kraus' work is described as 'spine-tingling' 'spooky' and 'the sound of England and its enchanted gardens'.
Kraus has toured Europe and the US with United Bible Studies, Meg Baird, James Blackshaw, Fursaxa, Thinguma*jigSaw and The Iditarod.
Discography
2002 – Beautiful Twisted CD (Camera Obscura)
2003 – Yuletide CD (Elsie and Jack); a collaboration with The Iditarod
2004 – Songs of Love and Loss CD (Camera Obscura)
2006 – The Black Dove CD (Tompkins Square); a collaboration with Christian Kiefer
2006 – Leaves From Off the Tree CD/LP (Bo'Weavil); a collaboration with Meg Baird and Helena Espvall
2007 – Right Wantonly A-Mumming CD (Bo'Weavil); with Jon Boden, John Spiers, Ian Giles, Fay Hield, Ian Woods, Michael Tanner, Claire Lloyd, Graham Metcalfe and Giles Lewin
2008 – The Fox's Wedding CD (Durtro)
2008 – Rusalnaia CD (Camera Obscura); a collaboration with Gillian Chadwick
2008 – Travellers Two CD (Important); Tau Emerald, a collaboration with Tara Burke
2010 – The Woody Nightshade CD/LP (Strange Attractors Audio House)
2013 - Pilgrim Chants and Pastoral Trails CD (Second Language)
2015 - Friends and Enemies; Lovers and Strangers LP (Clay Pipe Music)
2016 - If You Put Out Your Hand Booklet/CD; with Helen Tookey (Wounded Wolf Press)
2016 - Time Takes Away CD; Rusalnaia (Cambrian Records)
References
External links
Sharron Kraus at Bandcamp
[ Allmusic Guide]
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English folk singers
Psychedelic folk musicians
English women singer-songwriters
Appalachian music
WJSA may refer to:
WJSA-FM, a radio station (96.3 FM) licensed to Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania, United States
WEJS, a radio station (1600 AM) licensed to Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania, which held the call sign WJSA from 1979 to 2014
Several vessels have been named Tonyn for Patrick Tonyn:
was launched in 1766 at Philadelphia (or North Carolina), as Hyacinth. Between 1772 and 1775 Hyacinth made two voyages as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She was renamed Tonyn in 1779. An American warship captured her in 1781 after a single-ship action.
was launched at Newfoundland in 1779 as Plato. Plato was renamed to Tonyn in 1781. She then traded with North America and as a West Indiaman. From 1797 she made two voyages as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She was captured and recaptured in 1798 on her first voyage, and sunk on her second circa 1800 as she was returning home.
was a French vessel launched in 1777 under another name and taken in prize circa 1782. She was wrecked in 1783 on the bar at Saint Augustine, Florida. She had been on a voyage from Charles Town, South Carolina, to Saint Augustine and London.
Ship names
Victoria Square is a public square on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, England. Developed in the 19th century, it is situated at the entrance to Portland, close to Chesil Beach, Osprey Quay, and the small fishing village of Chiswell.
History
Victoria Square was developed in association with the Portland Branch Railway, which commenced construction in 1860 and opened in 1865. With the Portland station being erected at the entrance to Underhill, Captain Charles Augustus Manning developed the surrounding area into a square at his sole expense, made up of the Royal Victoria Hotel and a terrace opposite.
A range of businesses soon based themselves in the square, including the Portland Gas Works in 1863. A sawmill was erected next to the railway station, by the Portland Stone Company. A public house known as The Terminus Hotel was also built at the square, and later renamed the Little Ship. Portland's first Masonic Hall was erected in 1878 at Victoria Square, and was later replaced with a new hall opposite the original in 1898.
The Second World War brought many air raids to Portland due to the important naval base. A minefield was laid near the square, along with a tank trap. When Weymouth and Portland became an embarkation point of Allied Forces for D-Day in 1944, the Royal Victoria Lodge was used as a makeshift hospital. Following the closure of the Portland Gas Works in 1959, the site became a plant hire yard.
Portland's railway operated until it closed to passengers in 1952 and goods in 1965. In 1969, the square's railway station was demolished and replaced by a roundabout. A commemorative stone and plaque was later placed near the square. Despite the construction of Chesil Cove's sea wall in 1958-1965, incidents of widespread flooding still occurred, including in December 1978 and February 1979, when two major storms flooded Chiswell and Victoria Square. Further flood prevention measures were then put in place in the 1980s.
Victoria Square underwent refurbishment in 1995, with a commemorative stone unveiled by the Duke of York the following year. The northern area of the square is occupied by grassland and contains two ornamental pillars of Portland stone. They were unveiled in June 2004 and designed to be used as safe nesting sites for seagulls. Close to the square is the Portland Skate Park, which was established around 2005 at a cost of £20,000. By 2009 it had fallen into disrepair and was replaced with a new £200,000 park, which was officially opened in November 2010, when 150 young people from across Dorset attended the event.
Grade listed buildings
The Little Ship, a pub located at Victoria Square, became Grade II Listed in May 1993. The building, externally, is a complete example of a modest classical-style Victorian pub, holding a very important corner to this Square. The Royal Victoria Hotel also became Grade II Listed at the same time. Again it holds an important position on the corner of the Square, complementing The Little Ship opposite.
References
Isle of Portland
Jurassic Coast
Iowa County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 16,662. The county seat is Marengo.
Iowa County is one of seven counties in the United States to share the same name as the state they are located in. The other six counties are Arkansas County, Hawaii County, Idaho County, New York County, Oklahoma County, and Utah County.
History
Iowa County was formed on February 17, 1843. It was named for the Iowa River, which flows through the county.
The first courthouse was a log cabin built in 1847. This was rented by the county until 1850 when a second courthouse was completed. In 1861 construction of a third courthouse was begun. The current courthouse was built in 1892 after the county had outgrown the previous one.
Iowa County is home to the Amana Colonies, a group of settlements of German Pietists, comprising seven villages. Calling themselves the Ebenezer Society or the Community of True Inspiration (German: die Gemeinde der wahren Inspiration), they first settled in New York state near Buffalo in what is now West Seneca. However, in order to live out their beliefs in more isolated surroundings they moved west, to Iowa County in 1855, living a communal life until the mid-1930s. Today, Amana is a major tourist attraction known mainly for its restaurants and craft shops, and the colonies as a whole have been listed as a National Historic Landmark since 1965.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
The county is intersected by the Iowa River and the north fork of the English River.
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 151
Iowa Highway 21
Iowa Highway 149
Iowa Highway 220
Iowa Highway 212
Adjacent counties
Benton County (north)
Linn County (northeast)
Johnson County (east)
Washington County (southeast)
Keokuk County (south)
Poweshiek County (west)
Tama County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 16,662 in the county, with a population density of . 96.24% of the population reported being of one race. 90.48% were non-Hispanic White, 0.67% were Black, 2.97% were Hispanic, 0.21% were Native American, 0.56% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 5.10% were some other race or more than one race. There were 7,341 housing units, of which 6,811 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 16,355 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,258 housing units, of which 6,677 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,671 people, 6,163 households, and 4,301 families residing in the county. The population density was 27 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 6,545 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.70% White, 0.17% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.36% from other races, and 0.38% from two or more races. 0.97% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,163 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.10% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.20% were non-families. 25.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.40% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,222, and the median income for a family was $48,946. Males had a median income of $31,220 versus $24,652 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,884. About 3.40% of families and 5.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.50% of those under age 18 and 5.40% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
In the 2008 US presidential election, a nearly equal number of Iowa County voters voted for each major candidate.
Communities
Cities
Ladora
Marengo
Millersburg
North English
Parnell
Victor
Williamsburg
Census-designated places
Amana
Conroy
East Amana
High Amana
Homestead
Middle Amana
South Amana
West Amana
Other unincorporated communities
Genoa Bluff
Koszta
Townships
English
Greene
Hartford
Hilton
Iowa
Lincoln
Marengo
Pilot
Sumner
Troy
Washington
York
New Liberty
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Iowa County.
† county seat
Education
The following public school districts have areas in Iowa County:
Belle Plaine Community School District, Belle Plaine
Benton Community School District, Van Horne
Clear Creek–Amana Community School District, Oxford
Deep River–Millersburg Community School District, Millersburg
English Valleys Community School District, North English
H-L-V Community School District, Victor
Iowa Valley Community School District, Marengo
Williamsburg Community School District, Williamsburg
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Iowa County, Iowa
References
External links
Iowa County's website
Iowa County Genealogy Iowa GenWeb website
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
John Thomas William Haines (24 April 1920 – 13 March 1987) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward. During his playing career, Haines made over 300 appearances in the Football League, and earned one cap for the English national side in 1948.
Career
Club career
Born in Wickhamford, Haines played his early football for Evesham Town, Badsey Rangers, Charlton Kings and Cheltenham Town, before joining Liverpool in 1937. He never made a league appearance for Liverpool, and his playing career was interrupted in 1939 by World War II. When play resumed in 1946, Haines moved to Swansea Town, and later played for Leicester City, West Bromwich Albion, Bradford Park Avenue, Rochdale and Chester, before playing non-league football with Wellington United, Kidderminster Harriers and Evesham Town.
During the war, Haines guested for clubs including Wrexham, Doncaster Rovers, Notts County, Bradford Park Avenue and Lincoln City.
International career
Haines made his international debut for England on 2 December 1948 against Switzerland. He scored twice in a 6–0 victory but was never selected again.
References
External links
Profile at Post War English & Scottish Football League A – Z Player's Database
Profile at England Stats
1920 births
1987 deaths
English footballers
Association football inside forwards
England international footballers
Cheltenham Town F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
English Football League players
Telford United F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Wrexham F.C. wartime guest players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. wartime guest players
Notts County F.C. wartime guest players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. wartime guest players
Lincoln City F.C. wartime guest players
Evesham United F.C. players
The League of Legends Continental League (LCL; ) is the top level of professional League of Legends competition in the Commonwealth of Independent States, organized by Riot Games Russia. It replaced the SLTV StarSeries that was organized by StarLadder in 2016. There are eight teams in the league. Each annual season of play is divided into two splits, spring and summer, both consisting of five weeks of double round-robin tournament play, which then conclude with a play-off single elimination tournament between the top four teams. The winners of each split qualifies for the Mid-Season Invitational and the World Championship.
Prize pool of the competition in 2016 and 2017 amounts ₽4,5 million per season.
Results
As SLTV StarSeries
As LCL
See also
League of Legends Championship Series, equivalent competition in North America
League of Legends European Championship, equivalent competition in Europe
References
External links
League of Legends competitions
Sports leagues in Russia
Esports competitions in Russia
Holger Wick (born 12 September 1962) is a German former biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
German male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of East Germany
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Gotha (town)
Sportspeople from Thuringia
Kenmore House is a heritage-listed mansion at 31 Ward Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. The design is attributed to James Flint and it was built from onwards. It is also known as Mater Misericordiae Hospital, Pinehurst and The Mansion. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
Kenmore House is a two storeyed brick building erected as a residence for John Ferguson on the Athelstane Range overlooking Rockhampton. Its design is attributed to Rockhampton architect, James Flint.
Ferguson arrived in Rockhampton during the 1860s and quickly established himself as a builder and contractor. In 1884, he purchased a large share in the Mount Morgan mine, becoming very wealthy when the public company was floated. In 1888, he retired from building. Ferguson served on the Rockhampton Municipal Council from 1878-1890, becoming Mayor in 1880-81 and 1882-83. From 1881-88 he was the local Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, and from 1894-1906 he was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council. In 1901, he was elected a Senator in the first Australian federal parliament.
"Honest John" Ferguson (as he was known) was also the President of the Central Queensland Separation League, founded in 1890. Kenmore, which reputedly cost , was according to traditions intended as a future government house for the new state. After meeting with British officials in London in 1892 as a delegate of the Separation League, Ferguson reputedly ordered monogrammed china and gold plate for the future official residence. Known locally as the "Mansion", the house was set in ten acres of land laid out with ornamental trees and gardens including rose trellises, hedges, and pergolas, Norfolk pines, a tamarind tree, and mango trees. The house contained a ballroom tiled with locally quarried black and white marble and a reception hall on the first floor. In 1894 it was described as one of the finest homes in Queensland with few equals in any of the colonies of Australia. At this time the house may have been named Pinehurst, although by 1896 it was known as Kenmore, the name of Ferguson's birthplace in Scotland. In 1894, after the death of architect Flint, tenders were called by Eaton and Bates for the erection of two sets of grand entrance gates.
From , Ferguson's brother-in-law, David Wiley, and his family resided at the house. After the death of Ferguson in 1906, the house was sold to pastoralist Stuart McDonald, whose family lived there until 1915, when it was sold to the Sisters of Mercy for for use as a hospital. The sale included Kenmore House together with the three and a half acres in which it stood including the whole of the gardens and tennis court. A lower paddock was retained by the McDonald's and a house later erected on that site. On 14 November, the Mater Misericordiae Hospital was officially opened.
In 1940, a new maternity wing designed by Donoghue and Fulton was erected on the eastern side of Kenmore. After the opening in 1959 of a new convent and chapel, the upper rooms of Kenmore were converted into wards and nursing accommodation. After the opening of a new building in 1985, Kenmore became the administrative core of the hospital and a radiography and outpatients unit was established there. The upper floor houses a number of retired nuns and the Sisters' heritage centre.
Description
Kenmore House, located on a northeast sloping site on the Athelstane Range, is a two-storeyed residence and administration centre built of Flemish Bond brickwork with rendered detailing and a hipped corrugated iron roof. The asymmetrically massed building shows Classical influences in its design, including a Corinthian columned portico on the north with a tower above, large cornice, arcaded loggias, quoining, pilasters, projecting bays, bracketed eaves and rendered balustrade.
The arcaded loggias have been enclosed on both floors with partition walls and windows set back from the arches. The single-storeyed former hospital reception area is attached as a lean-to on the northeast with a brick hydraulic lift shaft standing proud of the building's facade and a glass walkway linked to the first floor. A planted courtyard surrounds the eastern bay with the former ambulance bay at the southeast. A two-storeyed brick medical centre is attached via a covered ramp to the west of the building.
A single-storeyed steel framed laundry shed is attached to the rear of the building to the south. A two-storeyed masonry kitchen wing can be seen at the rear of the building, with a two-storeyed toilet block attached on the east side and a laundry and accommodation addition to the west.
Internally, the north entrance leads into a large, columned central hall containing a carved cedar staircase with a twin return and a large stained glass window, ornate plaster ceilings, marble floors with decorative tiled borders and converted gas lanterns. The front and rear entries feature an arched fanlight and sidelights of etched glass, with panelled doors to principal rooms featuring carved cedar pediments and architraves. Principal rooms have been subdivided into offices, but retain fireplace surrounds and joinery. Most rooms have false ceilings and air conditioning has been installed. The rear of the building has been altered, with a large laundry area being created within the original kitchen wing and later additions.
The first floor contains the Sisters' living quarters with bedrooms and a museum in the main house, and bathrooms, bedrooms and a communal room above the kitchen and laundry at the rear. The two-storeyed timber, former canteen building is linked to this level at the southwest via an enclosed verandah above a rear service entrance.
The north grounds, bounded by the recent hospital extensions to the northeast and the two-storeyed brick medical centre to the west, include a large Tamarind Tree to the northwest surrounded by bitumen carpark. The original banded, rendered brick entrance gate posts with wrought iron gates and balustrade, stand at the northwest corner of the site. Two large pine trees are located to the rear of the gates.
Heritage listing
Kenmore House was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Kenmore House, erected , is important in demonstrating the pattern of Queensland's history, in particular the development of Rockhampton and Central Queensland, particularly after the establishment of the Mount Morgan Mine. It is also significant for its association with the longstanding role of the Sisters of Mercy and their Mater Misericordiae Hospitals in the state's health system.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a late 19th century villa residence.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
It exhibits a range of aesthetic characteristics valued by the community, in particular the asymmetrical massing of the building's classical elements; the contribution of building and grounds to the streetscape of Ward Street and to the Rockhampton townscape; and the quality of the building's interior, including the timber joinery, plasterwork, and floor finishes.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
It has a special association with the community of the Sisters of Mercy and the Mater Misericordiae Hospital since 1915, and with Rockhampton as a historic landmark for the city and district.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
It has a special association with the life and work of people of importance in Queensland's history, in particular John Ferguson, builder, businessman, politician and separationist; Rockhampton architect James Flint; and the Sisters of Mercy.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
The Range, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Houses completed in 1894
1894 establishments in Australia
Expresso II is the eighth studio album released under the name Gong and the de facto second album by Pierre Moerlen's Gong. It released in February 1978.
Featuring an all-instrumental jazz-driven sound, notable for the prominent use of vibraphone, it has little to do with the psychedelic space rock of Daevid Allen's Gong, even though the two bands share a common history. Although the album was issued by Virgin Records under the "Gong" name for contractual reasons, and the name "Pierre Moerlen's Gong" would not be adopted for a few more months, the lineup involved and the nature of the music are that of the Moerlen-led band.
This was the final Gong-related album released by Virgin; the band continued on Arista Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Pierre Moerlen's Gong
Pierre Moerlen – drums, vibraphone, xylophone, glockenspiel, tympani, tubular bells
Benoît Moerlen – vibraphone, marimba, percussion, tubular bells, glockenspiel, claves, xylophone
Mireille Bauer – marimba, vibraphone
Hansford Rowe – bass, rhythm guitar (2)
Additional personnel
Mick Taylor – lead guitar (1)
Allan Holdsworth – lead guitar (3, 4, 6), rhythm guitar (1)
Bon Lozaga – lead guitar (2), rhythm guitar (3)
Darryl Way – violin (3, 5)
François Causse – congas
In popular culture
The track "Heavy Tune" is featured on Fusion FM radio in the game Grand Theft Auto IV.
References
Macan, E. L., Macan, E. (1997). Rocking the Classics: English Progressive Rock and the Counterculture. Germany: Oxford University Press. p. 243
1978 albums
Gong (band) albums
Pierre Moerlen's Gong albums
Jazz fusion albums
Virgin Records albums
Barry Brennan may refer to:
Barry Brennan (Galway footballer) (born 1958), Irish Gaelic footballer, 1981 All Star winner
Barry Brennan (Laois footballer), Irish Gaelic footballer, 2003 Leinster winner
Barry Brennan (rugby league), Fortitude Valley Diehards player
Don Osvaldo is an Argentine rock band formed on November 2010, when Patricio Santos Fontanet changed the name of Callejeros, after their official separation on November 12.
The band was first called Casi Justicia Social, also known as CJS (by their initials, which abbreviated the name Callejeros). However, on September 29, 2014, it was announced that the group would change its name to the current one in homage to Osvaldo Pugliese.
History
The new band debuted in the Club Banda Norte de Río Cuarto, Córdoba. Interpreting songs from his anterior musical group, Callejeros excepting four new songs.
Formation
Late in 2010, after the dissolution of Callejeros by internal problems caused by the events happened in República Cromagnon and subsequents problems to the justice and victim's families, Patricio Santos Fontanet announced the formation of Casi Justicia Social with some ex-members. The new band gets CJS's initials, that sometimes identified Callejeros.
2010-Present
After the new formation, CJS played concerts on different points from Argentina, playing songs from Callejeros and Casi Justicia Social's own songs like "O no", "Suerte", "Acordate" and "Tanto de todo".
Late in May 2012, after suspending shows programmed by June and July, they make public the notice that they will start with the pre-production of its first studio album.
References
External links
casijusticiasocial.com.ar, official web site integrated by Pato and Dios, bass player. (Spanish)
El País: Se desarmó el grupo Callejeros (Spanish)
Se disolvió el grupo “Callejeros” (Spanish)
Argentine rock music groups
Rock en Español music groups
Wonderland is the setting for Lewis Carroll's 1865 children's novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Geography
In the story, Wonderland is accessed by an underground passage, and Alice reaches it by travelling down a rabbit hole. While the location is apparently somewhere beneath Oxfordshire, Carroll does not specify how far down it is, and he has Alice speculate whether it is near the center of the Earth or even at the Antipodes.
The land is heavily wooded and grows mushrooms. There are well-kept gardens and substantial houses, such as those of the Duchess and the White Rabbit. Wonderland has a seacoast, where the Mock Turtle lives.
Government
The land is nominally ruled by the Queen of Hearts, whose whimsical decrees of capital punishment are routinely nullified by the King of Hearts. Other kings and queens are mentioned as their guests, and are implied to be the kings and queens of the other card suits. There is at least one Duchess.
Inhabitants
The main population consists of animated playing cards: the royal family (hearts), courtiers (diamonds), soldiers (clubs), and servants (spades). In addition, there are many talking animals.
Among the characters Alice meets are:
Bill the Lizard
Caterpillar
Cheshire Cat
Dodo
Dormouse
Duchess
Gryphon
King of Hearts
Knave of Hearts
Mad Hatter
March Hare
Mock Turtle
Pat
Queen of Hearts
White Rabbit
In other media
Wonderland is featured in Walt Disney's 1951 animated film Alice in Wonderland.
Wonderland is featured in Tim Burton's 2010 film Alice in Wonderland. Here, it is actually named Underland; Alice misheard the name as a child, believing it to be "Wonderland." Alice returns to Wonderland when the White Queen is challenging her tyrannical sister, the Red Queen, for the crown of Underland.
In the third volume of Shazam!, the Magiclands location of the Wozenderlands is the result of Dorothy Gale and Alice uniting the Land of Oz and Wonderland against the threat from the Monsterlands.
Once Upon a Time
Wonderland is featured in Once Upon a Time and its spin-off Once Upon a Time in Wonderland. In this series, there are two iterations of Wonderland.
In the first iteration, the realm is ruled by the Queen of Hearts, the Red King and Queen, the White King and Queen, and the Caterpillar. Some of the known locations in Wonderland include the Black Forest (a dark forest where no light shines through) and its Boro Grove (where those affected by the scent of the perfume flowers are mesmerized and slowly turned into trees), the Boiling Sea (which is a sea of boiling water), Jafar's Lair (a floating landmass where Jafar lives and keeps his prisoners), Mallow Marsh (a marsh that consists of sticky marshmallow-like substances), Mimsy Meadows (where Alice and Cyrus buried Cyrus' lamp until it was excavated by the White Rabbit under the Red Queen's orders), the Outlands (the outskirts of Wonderland where Alice and Cyrus planted an invisible tent given to Cyrus by the Caterpillar), the Queen of Hearts' Palace, Tulgey Woods (a forest where the Mad Hatter's house resides), Underland (which serves as a lair for the Caterpillar and his Collectors), Whispering Woods (where a deformed man named Grendel resided until he was killed by Jafar), and Wonderland Castle (where the Red Queen resides).
Not much is known on the second iteration called New Wonderland in the series's seventh season except it is the home of its local Jabberwocky and has an Infinite Maze.
See also
Looking-glass world
Land of Oz
Middle-earth
Narnia
Neverland
References
Some of the content in this article was copied from Wonderland at the Disney wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
External links
Pictorial map of "Alice's Wonderland"
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Fictional subterranea
Fictional kingdoms
Fantasy worlds
Fictional elements introduced in 1865
Fictional places in Disney films
Oxfordshire in fiction
Malema District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Malema.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Psallus perrisi is a Palearctic species of true bug.
References
Phylini
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1852
Medvivo is a provider of telehealth and related services based in Chippenham, Wiltshire, England and owned by the Eight Roads venture capital fund.
The company was founded in 2004 as Wiltshire Medical Services, in response to a change to the contract to run GP out-of-hours services for North Wiltshire Primary Care Group. Its name changed to Medvivo in 2013 after it was acquired by Moonray Investors, an arm of Fidelity Ventures, which became Eight Roads in 2015.
The company acquired Medvivo Careline Limited, an alarm monitoring service formerly known as Magna Careline, in 2014 from the Magna Housing Group. In the same year the company was said to be one the major UK players in the telehealth market. It is part of the Argenti telehealthcare partnership which has a contract with Hampshire County Council for technology-based care. It is a member of the Innovation Council of the New Engineering Foundation.
The company still runs the out-of-hours service for Wiltshire. It also runs an advice telephone line for health and social workers in Wiltshire and Bexley's emergency link line. Its service in Surrey is claimed to be the largest telehealth deployment in the country.
Medvivo was involved, with other agencies, in a human trafficking operation at a travellers' site in Semington, Wiltshire, in April 2015.
References
External links
Private providers of NHS services
Health in Wiltshire
The Misadventures of Romesh Ranganathan is a BBC Two comedy travel documentary presented by Romesh Ranganathan. In 2020, it won a British Academy Television Award for Best Features.
Episodes
Series 1
Haiti
Ethiopia
Albania
Christmas (Canadian Arctic with Johnny Issaluk)
Series 2
Zimbabwe
Mongolia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Colombia
Christmas - The Sahara
Series 3
Sierra Leone
Romania
From my sofa
Zimbabwe, Bosnia and the Sahara
Albania, Mongolia and the Arctic
Colombia, Haiti and Ethiopia
Christmas - The Hebrides
See also
Asian Provocateur
References
External links
Series 1 homepage
Series 2 homepage
From my sofa homepage
BBC travel television series
2010s British comedy television series
2010s British reality television series
2020s British comedy television series
2020s British reality television series
2018 British television series debuts
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Canada
Television shows set in Colombia
Television shows set in Mongolia
Television shows set in Scotland
Television shows set in Sussex
The 2011 UK Open Qualifier 2 was the second of eight 2011 UK Open Darts Qualifiers which was held at the Metrodome in Barnsley on Sunday 27 February.
Prize money
Draw
References
2
Riom-Parsonz is a former municipality in the Sursés in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It was created from the 1979 union of the villages of Riom and Parsonz. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.
History
Riom-Parsonz was created from the 1979 union of the municipalities of Parsonz and Riom. Riom is first mentioned in 841 as villa Riamio and in German it was known as Reams. The other half, Parsonz is first mentioned in 1156 as Presan and in German it was known as Präsanz.
Riom was inhabited during the Roman era, from the 1st century through the 4th. During this time, it was a mansio or way-station along the Julier Pass road. After the Fall of the Western Roman Empire, farmers and herders continued to live here during the Early Middle Ages. In 840 it was personally owned by the king of Raetia Curiensis and a local administrative center.
Geography
Riom-Parsonz had an area, , of . Of this area, 51% is used for agricultural purposes, while 18% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (30%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Surses sub-district of the Albula district. Riom-Parsonz is located along the old road to the Julier pass and on a western terrace of the Oberhalbstein Range.
Demographics
Riom-Parsonz had a population (as of 2014) of 304. , 3.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -12.2%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 53.1% male and 46.9% female. The age distribution, , in Riom-Parsonz is; 46 people or 14.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 26 people or 8.0% are 10 to 14, and 16 people or 4.9% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 18 people or 5.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 53 people or 16.2% are 30 to 39, 49 people or 15.0% are 40 to 49, and 38 people or 11.6% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 29 people or 8.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 38 people or 11.6% are 70 to 79, there are 13 people or 4.0% who are 80 to 89, and there are 1 people or 0.3% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 29.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (23.9%), the SVP (23.6%) and the FDP (22.8%).
In Riom-Parsonz about 66.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Riom-Parsonz has an unemployment rate of 0.88%. , there were 42 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 19 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 34 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector.
The historical population for the combined municipality is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (63.9%), with German being second most common (33.6%) and Italian being third ( 1.8%).
References
External links
Surses
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Preseli (foaled 10 February 1997) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was one of the best two-year-olds in Ireland in 1999 when she was undefeated in three races including the Debutante Stakes and the Moyglare Stud Stakes. In the following spring she took her winning streak to four when she won the Derrinstown Stud 1,000 Guineas Trial but was beaten in her next three races that year, producing her best subsequent effort when narrowly beaten in the Pretty Polly Stakes. In 2001 she raced in North America, but failed to reproduce her European form. As a broodmare she has produced several minor winners.
Background
Preseli is a bay mare bred by her owner, Neil Jones, at Pembrokeshire-based Abergwaun Farms and was named after the local Preseli Hills of west Wales. She was sent into training with Michael Grassick at the Curragh and was ridden in all of her European races by Eddie Ahern.
Her sire, Caerleon, won the Prix du Jockey Club and the Benson & Hedges Gold Cup in 1983 and went on to become an "excellent" breeding stallion, siring the winners of more than 700 races including Generous, Marienbard, Moonax and Warrsan. Preseli's was the first foal of her dam Hill of Snow who showed modest racing ability, winning one minor race from nine starts, but did better as broodmare, producing Snowfire (runner-up in the 1000 Guineas), Kong (Lingfield Derby Trial) and Mount Kilimanjaro (Further Flight Stakes). Hill of Snow was a daughter of the Kentucky Oaks winner White Star Line.
Racing career
1999: two-year-old season
Preseli made her racecourse debut in a maiden race over seven furlongs at Roscommon Racecourse on 4 July and started at odds of 7/1 in a ten-runner field. She was restrained by Ahern in the early running and was still in seventh place entering the last quarter mile but then made rapid progress, took the lead inside the final furlong and won by a length from the John Oxx-trained favourite Potentille. On 22 August the filly was moved up in class for the Listed Debutante Stakes over the same distance at Leopardstown Racecourse and started 7/1 second choice in the betting behind the Aidan O'Brien-trained Amethyst who was made the 1/4 favourite. After racing fourth of the six runners she made steady progress in the straight, caught the front-running Amethyst in the final strides, and won by three quarters of a length.
Preseli was stepped up to Group 1 class and started at odds of 9/1 for the Moyglare Stud Stakes over seven furlongs at the Curragh on 5 September. The British-trained Littlefeather started favourite after an impressive win at Chester, while the other ten runners included Amethyst, Torgau and Eurolink Raindance (second in the Sweet Solera Stakes). Torgau set the pace and opened up a clear lead approaching the final furlong as Preseli began to make rapid progress. Preseli caught Torgau in the closing stages and won by three quarters of a length with Littlefeather a length and a half away in third. After the race Eddie Ahern said "She travelled well all the way and really quickened when I asked her to go" while Michael Grassick commented "Preseli is in the Irish 1,000 guineas and the Irish Oaks next season, and I think she will stay a mile and a half because the further they went today the stronger she was finishing".
2000: three-year-old season
On 14 May, Preseli began her second campaign in the Derrinstown Stud 1,000 Guineas Trial over one mile and, despite carrying a seven-pound weight penalty for her Group 1 win, started 7/4 favourite against eight opponents headed by the C L Weld Park Stakes winner Theoretically. After settling in second place she took the lead a furlong and a half from the finish and held off the late challenge of Storm Dream to win by a short head. At the Curragh two weeks later the filly attempted to take her unbeaten run to five when she started 5/1 second favourite for the Irish 1000 Guineas but never looked likely to win and finished unplaced behind Crimplene. Grassick later explained that the filly had been in season at the time.
Preseli was moved up in distance for the Pretty Polly Stakes (then a Group 2 race) over ten furlongs at the Curragh on 1 July in which she was matched against older fillies and mares. Starting at odds of 6/1 she finished strongly but failed by a short head to catch the Barry Hills-trained Lady Upstage, to whom she was conceding five pounds in weight. Ahern received a suspension for "excessive use of the whip" on the filly. In the Irish Oaks two weeks later Preseli raced in third place before fading badly in the straight and came home ninth of the ten runners in a race won by Petrushka.
2001: four-year-old season
For the 2001 season, Preseli was transferred to the United States, where she was trained by the Englishman Michael Dickinson. She made little impact in her two races, finishing unplaced in the Waya Stakes at Pimlico Race Course in September and then running seventh in the Grade III Athenia Handicap at Belmont Park in the following month.
Breeding record
At the end of her racing career Preseli was retired to become a broodmare for Abergwaun Farms. In November 2011 she was offered for sale at Keeneland and was bought for $50,000 by the bloodstock agent R J Bennett. Four years later she returned to the sales ring at Keeneland and was sold to Aaron Sones for $16,000. She has produced at least nine foals and six winners:
Village Singer, a bay filly, foaled in 2004, sired by Rahy. Won one race.
Arizona John, bay colt (later gelded), by Rahy. Won ten races.
A Girl, bay filly, 2006, by Sadler's Wells. Won one race.
Mountain Woman, bay filly, 2008, by Montjeu. Failed to win in 14 races.
Echoes In The Wind, bay filly, 2009, by Montjeu. Unplaced in her only race.
Hapiboy, bay colt (gelded), 2011, by A.P. Indy. Won one race.
Preseli's Pulpit, bay filly, 2012, by Pulpit. Won one race.
Tale of Preseli, bay filly, 2013, by Tale of Ekati. Won two races.
Pretty Kitty, filly, 2016, by Tale of Ekati
Pedigree
Preseli was inbred 3 × 3 to Northern Dancer, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the third generation of her pedigree.
References
1997 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 4-m
Poland hosted and participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 in Warsaw. Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska (TVP) was responsible for the country's participation in the contest, and organised the national final Szansa na sukces to select the Polish entry for the contest. The national final was won by Ala Tracz with the song "I'll Be Standing", which represented Poland in the contest. She ended up 9th place with 90 points.
Background
Prior to the 2020 contest, Poland had participated in the contest six times: In and , Poland finished in last place, and they decided not to participate from 2005 to 2015. The country returned in . Olivia Wieczorek was selected to represent the nation that year with the song "Nie zapomnij". Olivia finished in 11th place out of 17 entries with 60 points. In , Alicja Rega was selected to represent Poland with the song "Mój dom". She finished 8th out of 16 entries with 138 points. In both and , Poland won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest with Roksana Węgiel and Viki Gabor respectively, becoming the first country to win the contest twice in a row.
Before Junior Eurovision
Host bidding phase
After Poland's victory in the contest on home soil in Gliwice, the director-general of TVP, Jacek Kurski, stated that the country would apply to host the event again in 2020. However, Kurski stated that the possibility of two consecutive editions of the event in Poland could be frowned upon by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). After a period of uncertainty, in the last week of December 2019, it was reported by Gazeta Wyborcza that some Kraków City Councillors were expressing interest in taking the proposal that the contest be held in the city, focused on Tauron Arena. A few days later on 8 January 2020, the proposal was discussed at the City Council and accepted by the majority of its members. Poland was confirmed as the host country in March 2020.
National final
Format
Szansa na sukces consisted of four shows: three semi-finals broadcast on 6 September, 13 September and 20 September, and a final on 27 September. Seven singers competed in each semi-final, with one qualifying for the final as determined by a jury of artists. Each of the three finalists performed one song selected by the producers and one song that would serve as the Polish entry for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020. The winner was determined by an equal combination of jury votes and SMS votes.
Semi-finals
Semi-final 1
The first semi-final was broadcast on 6 September 2020. All seven semi-finalists performed intergenerational hits. The jury consisted of three members:
Viki Gabor – singer, winner of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Edyta Górniak – singer, Polish representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994
Piotr Rubik – composer
Semi-final 2
The second semi-final was broadcast on 13 September 2020. All seven semi-finalists performed famous worldwide hits. The jury consisted of three members:
Michał Wiśniewski – singer, Polish representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 and the Eurovision Song Contest 2006
Cleo – singer, represented in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
Gromee – DJ, record producer, remixer, songwriter, Polish representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018
Semi-final 3
The third semi-final was broadcast on 20 September 2020. All seven semi-finaliats performed songs from fairytales. The jury consisted of three members:
Marina Łuczenko-Szczęsna – singer, songwriter, actress
Dawid Kwiatkowski – singer-songwriter
Kasia Łaska – singer, voice actress
Final
The final was held on 27 September 2020. Three artists competed in the final, and the winning artist and song represented Poland in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020. The jury consisted of three members:
Konrad Smuga (director of Polish performances at Junior Eurovision), Grzegorz Urban (music director of Szansa na Sukces), and Anna Cyzowska-Andura (director of the TVP Entertainment Agency). Another pannel, consisting of Viki Gabor, Cleo and Dawid Kwiatkowski was also present during the show, but did not have any power over the voting.
Artist and song information
Ala Tracz
Alicja "Ala" Tracz (born 25 March 2010) represented Poland in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 with the song "I'll Be Standing". Prior to Junior Eurovision, Tracz participated in season 3 of The Voice Kids and joined Dawid Kwiatkowski's team.
I'll Be Standing
"I'll Be Standing" is a song by Alicja Tracz, composed by Gromee and Sara Chmiel-Gromala.
At Junior Eurovision
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw, which both took place on 23 November 2020, Poland was drawn to perform sixth on 29 November 2020, following Belarus and preceding Georgia.
Voting
Detailed voting results
References
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Junior
Countries in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020
The Canadian Peace Congress (abbr. CPCon) is an anti-imperialist group founded in 1949 by Canadian minister James Gareth Endicott in response to the new dangers to peace posed because of the Cold War. It described itself as "a place where people of different views and faiths can meet and discuss world affairs... and work together as effectively as possible to improve international relations and step by step [move] towards the goal of universal disarmament and a lasting peace" The CPCon was the Canadian affiliate of the World Peace Council and a leading player in the peace movement in Canada, particularly in the 1950s and 1960s. The CPCon was active in the nuclear disarmament and anti-imperialist movements such as the movement against the Vietnam War and promoted the concept of peaceful co-existence between the Communist bloc and the Western bloc.
The CPCon was made up of affiliated local peace councils from across Canada as well as associate members including the Trade Union Peace Committee, the Labor-Progressive Party (as the Communist Party of Canada was then known), the Federation of Russian Canadians and the United Jewish Peoples' Order. Its founding meeting was attended by representatives of 47 different organizations and groups, including women's, youth and church groups, trade unions, and ethnic associations. The organization also worked closely with many CCF activists.
Active councils of the CPCon were established in: British Columbia, Calgary, Edmonton, Fraser Valley, Guelph, Halifax, Hamilton, Kamsack, London, Niagara, Peterborough, Saskatoon, Sydney, Thunder Bay, Vernon, Victoria, and Windsor. These councils were active in campaigns against the Korean War, Vietnam War, the military coup in Chile, South African Apartheid, Zionism, US interventions into Nicaragua and Panama, NORAD and NATO as well as the arms race and nuclear build-up.
The CPCon was perceived as being close to the Labor-Progressive Party and its successor the Communist Party of Canada, though Endicott, himself, was not a party member. Endicott remained the CPCon's chairman until 1971 when, according to his biography, he was pressured to resign by the leadership of the Communist Party for his pro-China views during the Sino-Soviet split. Endicott was succeeded by John Hanly Morgan who led the Congress as president until 1986. A Quebec Peace Congress, Conseil québécois de la paix, also established a nationally autonomous group separate from the Canadian Peace Congress in the 1970s. By the late 1970s, members who had authored publications for the Peace Congress included scientists, artists, musicians and writers from across the country.
During the 1980s struggles for nuclear disarmament, the Congress helped found the much broader Canadian Peace Alliance in 1985 as a more inclusive and less centralized network of peace organizations, including many newly formed groups (as opposed to the CPCon which was seen as aligned with the anti-imperialist current within the broad peace movement).
After 1986 Lari Prokop led the Congress until it became inactive in the early 1990s. At its 1991 conference, the CPCon decided to disaffiliate from the World Peace Council but the organization never formally dissolved. However, the Regina Peace Council continued its activity, publishing a regular newsletter and paying dues to the World Peace Council.
Although the Canada-wide Congress became inactive throughout the 1990s, by the mid-2000s an effort was made to re-establish Peace Councils in Edmonton and the BC Lower Mainland, in addition to Regina. The Canadian Peace Congress was then re-established in April 2006 at an Edmonton conference attended by 20 delegates from across Canada. A "Special Renewal Conference" was held in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2008 which ratified the organization's constitution and politics and elected as president David McKee, a trade unionist, and past co-chair of the Canadian Peace Alliance. The revived Canadian Peace Congress has affirmed its continuity with the original organization, and is again affiliated to the World Peace Council. Canadian delegates have attended various international meetings, and the Peace Congress hosted a trilateral meeting of Peace Congress's from Mexico, USA and Cuba in October 2009, and again in 2016.
At the end of 2016, Dave McKee stepped down as President, and Miguel Figueroa became acting president of the Canadian Peace Congress early in 2017. He was elected President at its November 2018 convention held in Toronto.
By the end of 2018 there were active Peace Councils and/or affiliated peace coalitions in Surrey (Fraser Valley), Vancouver, and in the Southern Interior of BC; in Edmonton and Calgary, AB; Regina, SK; Winnipeg, MB; Ottawa, Kingston, Ste. Catherine's and Toronto, ON; and in Halifax, NS.
See also
List of anti-war organizations
List of peace activists
References
External links
Canadian Peace Congress
Peace organizations based in Canada
Communism in Canada
Organizations established in 1949
1949 establishments in Canada
World Peace Council
Alan Feinberg (born in New York City) is an American classical pianist. He has premiered over 300 works by such composers as John Adams, Milton Babbitt, John Harbison, Charles Ives, Steve Reich, and Charles Wuorinen, as well as the premiere of Mel Powell's Pulitzer Prize winning Duplicates. He is an experienced performer of both classical and contemporary music and is well known for recitals that pair old and new music.
Musical career
Feinberg toured several times with The Cleveland Orchestra and Christoph von Dohnanyi, first performing Shulamit Ran's Concert Piece (including an appearance in Carnegie Hall). He also performed the Brahms Second Piano Concerto on tour with The Cleveland Orchestra and participated in a collaboration with The Cleveland Orchestra which featured the world premiere of the recently discovered Emerson Concerto by composer Charles Ives (performed also in London, Paris, and Amsterdam), and subsequently recorded the work.
He was featured on opening night of the San Francisco Symphony's Maverick Festival, at the New Horizons Festival of the New York Philharmonic, the 10th Anniversary Celebration of the American Composers Orchestra, the 92nd Street Y's Berio Sequenza Marathon, the first performance of John Adams' Nixon in China for the Guggenheim's Works in Progress Series, and Carnegie Hall's Birthday celebration of the music of George Gershwin with Dick Hyman.
Feinberg has performed as a soloist with the Chicago Symphony, The Cleveland Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic, the London Philharmonia, the Montreal Symphony, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the BBC Scottish, the American Symphony Orchestra, the St. Louis Symphony, the Baltimore Symphony, the New World Symphony, and many others.
Feinberg has recorded four solo CDs for London/Decca that survey American music: The American Romantic, The American Virtuoso, The American Innovator, and Fascinatin' Rhythm—American Syncopation. He has received Grammy Nominations for recordings of the Babbitt "Piano Concerto" (New World Records), Morton Feldman's "Palais di Mari", and Charles Wuorinen's "Capriccio", "Bagatelle", and "Third Sonata". He has additionally recorded piano concertos by Mel Powell, Andrew Imbrie, Kamran Ince, Paul Bowles, Amy Beach, Charles Ives, Leo Ornstein, Samuel Adler, Don Gilles, and Robert Helps, as well as a Decca CD of vocal works of Charles Ives with soprano Susan Narucki and a recording of Morton Feldman's "Piano and Orchestra with Michael Tilson Thomas and the New World Symphony. He received his fourth Grammy nomination for "Best Instrumentalist with Orchestra" for his recording of the Amy Beach "Piano Concerto" with the Nashville Symphony (Naxos). Other recordings can be found on New World Records, CRI, Harmonia Mundi, Bridge, New Albion and Naxos.
He has received five Grammy nominations throughout his career.
Recent recital programs have highlighted his interest in bridging the old and the new; these include a program of Bach and Ustvolskaya, "Reconsidering Haydn" (works of Haydn, Schubert, Weir and Kagel), "Basically Bull", a program featuring works of John Bull, William Byrd, Orlando Gibbons, Thomas Morley, and Charles Wuorinen.
In recent years Mr. Feinberg has taken on work as a programmer and presenter. He has been the Artistic Advisor for the "Chautauqua Days" Festival in Castine, Maine and Music Director of the Monadnock Music Festival. He has acted as a programming consultant for the Lincoln Center Chamber Music Society's American festival. He has put together programs of American music with himself and other American performers for the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg and for a series of four concerts in Moscow.
Feinberg has also performed many times abroad. He has appeared as a concerto soloist at The Proms in England, with the Cleveland Orchestra in Paris, with the Amsterdam Radio Orchestra in Holland, with the Montreal Symphony, and with the various BBC orchestras. He has given recitals at Wigmore Hall in London, appeared at festivals in Edinburgh, Bath, Huddersfield, Geneva, Budapest, Berlin, Brescia, Bergamo, and Tokyo. He was also the first pianist to have been invited by the Union of Soviet Composers to represent American contemporary music, an invitation which resulted in performances in both Moscow and Leningrad.
Feinberg also has considerable experience as a teacher, and has taught at SUNY Buffalo, The Juilliard School, Eastman School of Music, Oberlin Conservatory, Carnegie Mellon, Duke, and Princeton Universities.
Early life
Feinberg received his Bachelor of Music in 1972 and his Master of Music in 1973 from The Juilliard School in New York City with the piano professor Mieczyslaw Munz. He began D.M.A. studies and worked with Robert Helps at the Manhattan School of Music.
Personal life
Mr. Feinberg lives in New York City with his wife and has two children.
Awards and Recognitions
Beach Piano Concerto (Naxos 2003) Nomination for Grammy Award for Best Instrumentalist with Orchestra.
Wuorinen/Feldman (Koch International 1997) Nomination for Grammy Award for Best Instrumentalist.
The American Innovator (London/Argo 1995) Nomination for Grammy Award as Best Instrumentalist.
The American Innovator (London/Argo 1995) Most Creative Programming Award CD Magazine.
The American Romantic (London/Argo 1992) Nomination for Grammy Award for Best Instrumentalist.
Milton Babbitt Piano Concerto (New World Records 1987) Nomination for Grammy Award, Best Contemporary Music Record by Opus Magazine, Best Records of the Year in London Times, Picks of the Year, The Village Voice.
Mel Powell Duplicates for Two Pianos and Orchestra--Pulitzer Prize Winner
The Waltz Project (Nonesuch Records) Critics Choice, High Fidelity 1984
National Endowment for the Arts, Solo Recitalist Grant
Prize Winner, First Rockefeller American Music Competition Certificate Winner, Geneva International Competition
Discography
The American Romantic --- Argo/ Decca
The American Virtuoso --- Argo/ Decca
The American Innovator --- Argo/ Decca
Fascinating Rhythm: American Syncopation --- Argo/ Decca
Wuorinen piano works --- Col Legno
Babbitt piano works --- CRI
Wuorinen/ Feldman --- Koch
The Waltz Project ---Nonesuch
Charles Dodge, Any Resemblance is Coincidental ---New Albion
Beach Piano Concerto with Nashville Symphony --- Naxos
Ives: Emerson Concerto with National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland --- Naxos
Adams and Reich with I Solisti --- EMI
Babbitt: Piano Concerto with American Composers Orchestra--- New World Records
Adler Piano Concerto #2 --- Troy Records
Feldman: Piano and Orchestra with New World Symphony ---Argo/Decca
Robert Helps: Concerto #2 with Albany Symphony --- Albany Records
Don Gilles Piano Concerto with Albany Symphony --- Albany Records
Mel Powell Duplicates with the LA Philharmnic --- Harmonia Mundi
Andrew Imbrie Concerto #3 --- Bridge Records
Kamran Ince Remembering Lycia with the Albany Symphony ---Argo/Decca
Paul Bowles Concerto for 2 Pianos with Eos --- Catalyst
Ligeti Horn Trio --- Bridge
Wuorinen Trios --- Koch
Babbitt Sextets and The Joy of More Sextets --- New World Records
Music of Claudio Spies --- CRI
Music of Stephen Dembski --- CRI
Music of William Bland --- Bridge
Ornstein Violin Sonata --- New World Records
Ernst Bacon Violin Sonata --- CRI
Jonathan Dawe, Horn Trio --- Furious Artisans
Extraordinary Vistas-words and music of the MacDowell Colony with Susan Narucki --- Americus Records
Wuorinen Fenton Songs II --- Naxos
Footnotes
External links
Alan Feinberg page
Alan Feinberg interview from Paris Transatlantic magazine, 1999
American classical pianists
American male classical pianists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Juilliard School alumni
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Living people
Avant-garde pianists
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American pianists
University at Buffalo faculty
Albany Records artists
Apollo and Diana or The Liberal Arts presented to King Charles and Henrietta Maria is a 1628 painting by Gerard van Honthorst, now on the Queen's Staircase at Hampton Court Palace as part of the Royal Collection.
The artist spent the last nine months of 1628 in London working for Charles I of England, having previously been commissioned several times by Charles' sister Elizabeth. The work's original location is unknown, but it may have been a commission from the Duke of Buckingham in an attempt to compete with Rubens' recent Marie de' Medici cycle, whose creation Buckingham had seen in Paris.
At top left are Charles himself in the guise of Apollo and his wife Henrietta Maria as Apollo's sister Diana, with Buckingham as Mercury in the centre. The work's first mention in the written records places it in storage near Banqueting House.
References
1628 paintings
17th-century allegorical paintings
Allegorical paintings by Dutch artists
Charles I of England in art
Paintings by Gerard van Honthorst
Paintings in the Royal Collection of the United Kingdom
"4:44" is a song by American hip hop artist Jay-Z, released as the lead single from his thirteenth studio album of the same name. It was written by Jay-Z and its producer No I.D. The song contains a sample of "Late Nights and Heartbreak", written by Kanan Keeney—who is credited as a songwriter—and performed by Hannah Williams and The Affirmations, along with an uncredited interpolation from "(At Your Best) You Are Love" by the Isley Brothers. Following the release of the album, the song charted in Belgium, Canada, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States. It received nominations for Song of the Year and Best Rap Performance at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards. The title of the song is the same as the song's length.
Personnel
Kim Burrell – additional vocals
James Fauntleroy – Kim Burrell vocal production
Gimel "Young Guru" Keaton – recording
Jimmy Douglass – mixing
Dave Kutch – mastering
Charts
Awards
Release history
References
2017 songs
Jay-Z songs
Songs written by Jay-Z
Songs written by No I.D.
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
A slapshot is the fastest and hardest shot in ice hockey, when a player strikes the puck in a swinging rotation, similar to a golf club swing.
Slapshot or Slap Shot may also refer to:
Slap Shot (film), an ice hockey film starring Paul Newman
Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice, a 2002 sequel to Slap Shot
Slap Shot 3: The Junior League, a 2008 sequel to Slap Shot and Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice
Slapshot (band), an American hardcore punk band
Slapshot (mascot), the mascot of the Washington Capitals of the NHL
Slap Shot (video game), a 1990 Sega ice hockey video game
Asahi India Glass Limited, known as AIS, is a glass solution and manufacturing company in India. It was established in 1984. It manufactures automotive safety glass, float glass, architectural processed glass, and glass products. It also provides consumer glass offerings in the form of Glasxperts and Windshield Experts. AIS was established as a Joint Venture agreement between the Labroo family, Asahi Glass Co. Ltd. (AGC Inc.), Japan, and Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. In the Indian passenger car glass segment, AIS has 77.1% market share as of 2017. AIS also holds 20% market share in India's architectural glass segment as of 2017.
History
1984-2000
In 1984, AIS was initially incorporated in India under the name Indian Auto Safety Glass Private Limited. By 1986, the company transferred its equity stake to Asahi Glass Co., Japan. During this period, a joint venture agreement was carried out among the promoters, namely Asahi Glass Co., Japan, Indo-Asahi Glass Company and Maruti Udyog.
The company was thus incorporated as public limited company under the name of Asahi India Safety Glass Limited on 31 December 1985. Initially, the company only manufactured toughened glass for Maruti Suzuki India Limited. However, in 1989, after increasing its tempered glass production capacity by installing a new furnace, the company began manufacturing toughened glass for other automobile manufacturers. The company also introduced black ceramic printing and heat-lite printing for production of automotive glasses for the first time in India.
By 1992, the company ventured into manufacturing of laminated safety windshields. Four years later, anticipating an increase in demand of laminated windshields due to them being made mandatory for passenger vehicles under revised Central Motor Vehicle Rules, AIS carried out a major capacity expansion to produce 7,50,000 laminated windshields.
By 1999, the company added Hyundai, Ford, Toyota, and Hindustan Motors to its clientele while also increasing its tempered glass production capacity.
2000-present
With the turn of the millennium, AIS increased its technology capabilities with a slew of installations including laminated bending furnace for producing complex laminated windshields, CAD station and in-house designing, and print marking on glass for brand visibility.
In 2001, Float Glass India, a subsidiary of Asahi Glass Co., Japan, became the subsidiary of AIS. Next year, AIS made its first acquisition by acquiring 79.6% stake in Float Glass India and absorbing it under its own brand name.
In 2002, the company also rebranded itself as Asahi India Glass Limited (AIS) and in 2003, it set up a new automotive glass manufacturing plant in Chennai. This was followed by commencement of commercial production at the company's Architectural Processing Unit in Taloja in 2004. In 2005, AIS Glass Solutions Ltd. was set up to further expand in the architectural glass value chain.
The year 2006 saw establishment of two more architectural processing facilities in Rewari and Chennai along with further capacity expansion across existing plants. In late 2017, AIS inaugurated a new, modernised Taloja float glass plant to enhance supply to auto and architectural glass segments by manufacturing 550 tonnes of glass per day.
Company structure and operations
Offices
Asahi India Glass Ltd's registered office is situated in New Delhi. Their corporate office is located in Gurgaon, Haryana.
They have zonal offices in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai and one regional office in Pune.
Manufacturing plants
AIS has 13 manufacturing plants and sub-assembly units across India. In May 2017, AIS announced its plan to invest in a Greenfield Automotive Glass Plant near Mehsana, Gujarat, in order to primarily supply the new Maruti Suzuki India Limited plant in Gujarat. In November 2017, AIS commenced float glass manufacturing at its new Taloja plant at MIDC Industrial Area, Raigad District, Maharashtra.
Strategic business units
AIS has three strategic business units. These are Automotive Glass, Architectural Glass and Consumer Glass.
Automotive glass
AIS Auto Glass is the automotive glass SBU of AIS. It provides glass to automobile manufacturers including Maruti Udyog, Tata Motors, Hyundai Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, General Motors Ford India, Fiat India, Honda, Eicher, Volvo, Hindustan Motors, Skoda Auto, Volkswagen India, Toyota Kirloskar, and Piaggio.
AIS Auto Glass has four production facilities at Bawal (Haryana), Roorkee (Uttarakhand), Chennai (Tamil Nadu), and Taloja (Maharashtra). They also have five automotive glass manufacturing plants in India.
Acquisitions and sales
In 2001, AIS acquired a stake in Asahi Glass Co., Japan's subsidiary Float Glass India. In 2003, the amalgamation of the two companies was approved with 79.6% equity in FGI held by AIS.
In 2017, AIS and four other investors concluded a deal to acquire Timex Group Precision Engineering Limited which is the Indian subsidiary of Timex Nederland BV. This acquisition was carried out via a joint venture firm Scopfy Components Pvt Ltd.
Awards
In 2007, AIS was rated as the ‘Best Indian Company in Glass and Ceramics' by Dun & Bradstreet.
In the same year, the Union of Japanese Scientists and Engineers (JUSE) awarded AIS Auto Glass with the Deming Application Prize 2007.
References
Indian companies established in 1984
Glassmaking companies of India
Manufacturing companies based in Delhi
Companies based in New Delhi
Companies listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
Pingtung County Council () is the county council of Pingtung County, Republic of China. It is currently composed of 55 councillors, all recently elected in the 2018 Taiwanese local elections. Being the largest county council in terms of seats, it succeeded the former Pingtung City Senate on 1 October 1950 after reorganization of the local governments.
Organization
Procedural Office
General Affairs Office
Administration Office
Legal Department
Accounting Office
Personnel Office
Transportation
The council building is accessible within walking distance of the Pingtung railway station.
See also
List of county magistrates of Pingtung
Pingtung County Government
References
External links
County councils of Taiwan
Pingtung County
Mikhaylovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 26 as of 2002.
Geography
Mikhaylovskaya is located 17 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Manyukovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Frank Monte (June 21, 1931 in South Philadelphia – May 13, 1982 in South Philadelphia) was a member of the Philadelphia crime family. When Nicodemo Scarfo became boss, he named Monte as his consigliere. When Harry Riccobene refused to accept Scarfo as boss, the "Riccobene War" ensued. In 1979 Testa, Salvatore (Chuckie) Merlino, and Robert (Bobby) Lumio murdered 31-year-old drug dealer Michael (Coco) Cifelli. He was murdered for selling drugs to the son of Frank Monte, a capo from Cinnaminson Township, New Jersey. Frank served under Phil Testa and later Nicky Scarfo. He oversaw illegal gambling operations in Atlantic City and New Jersey for the crime family. Michael Cifelli was gunned down by Testa and Salvatore (Chuckie) Merlino as he was talking on the phone in a telephone booth just inside a bar, Priori's, at 10th and Wolf Streets in the Point Breeze, Philadelphia. Monte was later promoted to be consigliere in 1981 by Nicky Scarfo. Monte was murdered by a sniper rifle in 1982 on the orders of Riccobene. When the killers were arrested, they agreed to cooperate with law enforcement for lighter prison sentences. The men testified for the prosecution that Riccobene ordered them to kill Monte. Riccobene was convicted of the murder in 1984 and sentenced to life in prison.
References
1931 births
American gangsters of Italian descent
Philadelphia crime family
People convicted of racketeering
1982 deaths
East Kilbride Central South is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors. As the name suggests, its territory covers the parts of East Kilbride just south of the town centre, which includes Birniehill, Murrayhill, The Murray, Westwood and Westwoodhill with the northern boundary being the Queensway (A726) dual carriageway – a 2017 national review added a few streets around Owen Avenue/Dale Avenue which had always generally been considered to belong to The Murray neighbourhood. In 2019, the ward had a population of 16,177.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
East Kilbride
Compadre Stadium was a stadium located in Chandler, Arizona. It was the spring training home of the Milwaukee Brewers from 1986 to 1997 and the home field of the Chandler Diamondbacks of the Arizona Fall League from 1992 to 1994. The ballpark was privately financed by local developers and built at a cost of $1.6 million in 1985. It closed in 1997 and sat abandoned for a number of years, with the outfield being used for grazing, before finally being demolished in 2014.
The stadium was named after the local non-profit Chandler Compadres, who were allowed to keep the parking fees as a fundraiser. The organization later offered to purchase the stadium from Maricopa County after the Brewers moved out in 1997 for $1.6 million.
History
In 1982, Chandler mayor Jim Patterson first approached the Brewers about moving their spring training facility from Sun City to Chandler. Patterson was aware that the owners of the Brewers' spring training ballpark, Sun City Stadium, had sold the facility to private developers and the Brewers would soon need a new spring home. After leaving office, Patterson built a development he named Ocotillo, in which he placed the ballpark.
In April 1985, the Brewers agreed to move their spring training camp from Sun City to Chandler where local authorities planned to build a complex in exchange for the Brewers signing a 10-year lease. The Brewers moved into Compadre Stadium for the 1986 Cactus League spring training. The facility was the first Cactus League stadium with grass seating in the outfield. It also featured an artificial lake. The Compadre Stadium complex also offered the Brewers a number of state-of-the art features at the time, including an infield diamond, several batting cages, and on-site practice fields.
The stadium faced problems immediately upon opening. A gas explosion inside the Brewers' locker room at Compadre Stadium during the 1986 spring training seriously burned several of the Brewer coaches, including third base coach Tony Muser. Muser was in line to become the Brewers' manager, but did not because of his injuries. The facility had only been open four days. The Chandler fire department downplayed speculation hasty construction on the stadium had led to the explosion.
Parking was far away from the entrance, and the stadium was also on the outskirts of Phoenix, and the proximity to nearby farms led a local paper to comment the stadium "smells like hell." The players had to go through the stadium to reach the locker room, and each dugout had only a portable toilet.
The Brewers drew 51,800 fans to Compadre in 1986 and 69,158 in 1987, but after two seasons the stadium did not break even on spring training alone, and the stadium began to look for other events to fill its schedule after sitting idle for most of 1986 to help the Bermuda grass field grow. The stadium then hosted a number of concerts during the spring training offseason.
The then-record Cactus League attendance of 9,812 fans was set on March 26, 1988 at Compadre for a game against the Chicago Cubs.
The stadium was not built with lights and the Brewers negotiated with Chandler about their installation in 1989. Additional practice fields were built on the complex grounds in 1990.
Maricopa County bought the stadium from Patterson's group in 1993.
The stadium became quickly outdated as other Cactus League stadiums were completed or renovated. While state-of-the-art when it opened, the facility quickly fell behind other facilities – for instance, Compadre was the only Cactus League stadium where players had to walk through the bleachers to get from the clubhouse to the dugout. After newer stadiums such as the Peoria Sports Complex or Scottsdale Stadium were completed for other Cactus League teams in the early 1990s, the Brewers requested $12 to $14 million from the city of Chandler to improve the stadium. However, the city of Chandler was only prepared for $9 million in renovations, half of which would have been paid for by Maricopa County. After a $5 million bond election failed in 1996 the Brewers decided to move out. The Brewers departed Compadre after the 1997 season and began Cactus League play the following year at the newly built Maryvale Baseball Park on the west side of the city of Phoenix, where the team holds spring training to this day.
Abandonment and demolition
The stadium structure and field went unused and fell into a state of disrepair after only being used for twelve seasons. After the Brewers departed, some of the minor league practice fields on the site were taken over by the city of Chandler to create a local park, the Snedigar Recreation Center. The seats were removed from the grandstand and animals were allowed to graze in the outfield area, but otherwise the facility was left intact. The facility's concourse was used as office space by the Chandler Compadres, a local non-profit.
In January 2014, Standard Pacific Homes (now CalAtlantic Homes) purchased the property and three months later submitted a proposal to tear down the ballpark and redevelop the lot as a new residential community. Demolition of the remaining complex began in late July 2014.
Notes
External links
Flickr: Compadre Stadium
Digital Ballparks: Compadre Stadium
1986 establishments in Arizona
2014 disestablishments in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Chandler, Arizona
Cactus League venues
Defunct baseball venues in the United States
Defunct sports venues in Arizona
Milwaukee Brewers spring training venues
Sports venues in Maricopa County, Arizona
Sports venues completed in 1986
Sports venues demolished in 2014
Philmont Scout Ranch is located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of the Rocky Mountains of New Mexico. Philmont is about across (east to west) at its widest point, and about long (north to south). There are no mountains to the south or east of Philmont. The interior of the ranch is mountainous but a small part of the eastern area is prairie.
Geography
Philmont's lowest point is the southeast corner at and the highest point is the peak of Baldy Mountain, located on the ranch's northwest boundary, at .
The average rainfall at Philmont ranges from around Base Camp to in the backcountry. There are nine major watersheds at Philmont - the Rayado River, Urraca Creek, Cimarroncito Creek, Sawmill Creek, the Cimarron (La Flecha) River, Turkey Creek, Dean Canyon, the Ponil River, and Ute Creek.
Geological history
The Tooth of Time, as well as Baldy Mountain, Betty's Bra, Lover's Leap, Cathedral Rock, Hogback Ridge, and many of the ridges in the northwest of the ranch, is an igneous intrusion of dacite porphyry formed in the Paleogene Period of the Cenozoic Era some 22-40 million years ago. These intrusions were formed when magma from deep within the Earth rose through older rock layers and slowly cooled. Over many thousands of years, the older sedimentary rock eroded and left the harder igneous formation. The sedimentary rock, generally shale, acted as a mold for the intrusive magma, causing it to harden and cool where the sedimentary rock was strongest. The gold veins were discovered in between the dacite porphyry and shale.
Geological features
Aside from Baldy, the ranch contains a number of prominent peaks. The South Country is home to a series of six difficult peaks, namely Mount Phillips, Comanche Peak, Big Red, Bear Mountain, Black Mountain, and Schaefers Peak, as well as Trail Peak, which is popular for its relative ease, its nearness to Beaubien, and the wreckage of the crash of a B-24 bomber in 1942 near its summit. Of the ranch's various peaks with trail access, Black Mountain is widely considered the most difficult, followed closely by Baldy and Big Red.
The most recognisable landmark is the Tooth of Time at , a dacite monolith, composed of two laccoliths, protruding vertically from an east–west ridge. Tooth of Time Ridge, and the latitude line on which it sits, mark the boundary between the central and southern sections of Philmont. The boundary between the central and northern sections is around U.S. Route 64, which runs just south of the narrowest part of the 'I'-shape, which is only a few miles across. Other prominent landmarks on the ranch include Grizzly Tooth, Window Rock, Deer Lake Mesa, and Urraca Mesa. The Tooth rises prominently from the valley floor, some below, creating a sheer vertical face unable to support substantial plant life. Both its pinkish-gray color and its unusual shape make it a particularly notable geological landmark. It was well known among the overland traders on the Santa Fe Trail, who used it to mark the final seven-day push to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Baldy Mountain, or Mount Baldy, is the highest peak in the Cimarron Range, a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico. It rises abruptly, with of vertical relief over , from the Moreno Valley to the west and has a total elevation of . Copper and gold were mined in the area starting in 1866, and the top of Baldy Mountain was developed as the Mystic Lode copper mine. Mine workings and prospects are still evident on the slopes of the mountain as well. There are about of mines in the whole mountain.
Mount Phillips, formerly called Clear Creek Mountain was renamed in 1960 in honor of the then living Waite Phillips, who donated the area to the Boy Scouts of America. It is located in Colfax County about south of Baldy Mountain in the Cimarron Range, a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico. It is the second highest peak in Philmont Scout Ranch in the central country on the western perimeter. It is an easy hike from Comanche Peak, but it is a much steeper ascent from Clear Creek to its summit.
Urraca Mesa is a large mesa reaching an elevation of and has coordinates of N 36.413647 and W 104.998059. The mesa has a long "history" of mythical and supernatural associations, dating to the local indigenous tribes.
Ecology
Flora
Philmont supports a wide variety of flora. There are five of the Merriam life zones at Philmont - the Arctic, Hudsonian, Canadian, Transition, and Upper Sonoran zones. Trees at Philmont range from the plains cottonwood to the quaking aspen to the ponderosa pine. Wildflowers at Philmont include prickly poppy, shrubby cinquefoil, skyrocket (scarlet gilia), fairy slipper, blue columbine, and pinedrops. There are also a number of grasses, lichens, ferns, and mushrooms. Musk thistle, leafy spurge, and tamarisk are all invasive species found at Philmont.
In addition to the natural flora, Philmont grows alfalfa hay for livestock. There are irrigated for cropland and another for plant forage. The ranch also allows selective timbering to promote healthy forests. Backslopes of new trails and campsites are reseeded to control erosion and prevent the spread of invasive species.
Fauna
There are approximately 125 black bears on the ranch. The bears spend most of the summer looking for food, mostly plants like grass, acorns, and berries but also grubs, small animals, and carrion. Philmont also has mountain lions which feed on the native elk, deer, porcupines, mice, skunk, and rabbits. Western diamondback rattlesnakes are also found in Philmont. During the off-season, Philmont allows selective deer, elk, turkey, bear, antelope, and mountain lion hunting. Philmont also has herds of cattle that rotate through several backcountry pastures and the buffalo pasture supports one hundred adult bison as well as their calves.
References
Philmont Scout Ranch
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Cmin}}
Cmin is a term used in pharmacokinetics for the minimum blood plasma concentration reached by a drug during the time interval between administration of two doses. This definition is slightly different from Ctrough, the concentration immediately prior to administration of the next dose. Cmin is the opposite of Cmax, the maximum concentration that the drug reaches. Cmin must be above certain thresholds, such as the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC), to achieve a therapeutic effect.
In most cases Cmin is directly measurable. At steady state the minimum plasma concentration can also be calculated using the following equation:
S: salt factor
F: bioavailability
D: dose
k: elimination constant
ka: absorption constant
Vd: volume of distribution
τ: dosing interval
Cmin is also an important parameter in bioavailability and bioequivalence studies, it is part of the pharmacokinetic information recommended for submission of investigational new drug applications.
References
Pharmacokinetic metrics
Dragoslav Ražnatović (born 19 April 1941 in Vranje) is a former Serbian basketball player. He represented the Yugoslavia national basketball team internationally.
National team career
Ražnatović competed for Yugoslavia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1941 births
Living people
BKK Radnički players
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1963 FIBA World Championship players
1967 FIBA World Championship players
Serbian men's basketball players
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Vranje
Judith Burmeister (born 22 September 1986 in Berlin) is a German singer. Burmeister participated on the second season of German reality talent show Deutschland sucht den Superstar, and was eliminated in the round of the last eight.
Education
Burmeister left her school because of the publicity of her appearances on Deutschland sucht den Superstar to attend a smaller private school in Brandenburg, where she failed her abitur. She then attended evening school and gained her abitur in 2010.
Career
In 1997, Burmeister appeared in the musical Evita at the Schiller Theater.
Private life
In 2010, Burmeister gave birth to a daughter, Melodie-Jolie.
Discography
"Winner" (featuring Systems in Blue; only track 2 "Only for You")
References
External links
Official website of Judith Burmeister
Judith Burmeister's MySpace
1986 births
Living people
Deutschland sucht den Superstar participants
Musicians from Berlin
21st-century German women singers
Jushaq Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,805, in 614 families. The rural district has 9 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Delijan County
Jack Earl (born August 2, 1934, in Uniopolis, Ohio) is an American ceramic artist and former teacher, known for drawing inspiration from his home state of Ohio to create rural pieces “with meticulous craftsmanship and astute details… to where you could smell the air, hear the silence and swat the flies.” Although his works hint at highly personal, intellectual, and narrative themes in an almost unsettling manner, Earl is “a self-described anti-intellectual who shuns the art world." He is known particularly for using his trademark format, the dos-a-dos (translated “back to back”): “This art form is like a book with two stories… the two seemingly incongruent images prompt the viewer to fill in the conceptual gap through poetic speculation.” His work often involves dogs or the character “Bill”, who is said to be a combination of Earl's father-in-law, himself, and others. The titles to his pieces are typically lengthy, stream-of-consciousness narratives that suggest the folk or rural lifestyle. These are intended to add another dimension to the artwork. His work has received a notable response over his decades-long career, especially since he is regarded as “a master at reminding us that within the events we take for granted are moments of never-ending mystery and wonder.” Earl continues to live in Lakeview, Ohio with his wife, Fairlie.
Education and career
While growing up in his hometown of Uniopolis, Ohio, Earl became inspired by his high school art teacher, Darvin Luginbuhl. He earned his BA at Bluffton College in Ohio in 1956, and then taught art in high schools until he earned his MA in art education at The Ohio State University in 1964. 1963 to 1972 became a time of inspiration and exploration for Earl, as he worked in art education and ceramics at the Toledo Museum of Art and Design. He was interested in making and studying historical porcelain figurines, and by the early 1970s Earl's “whimsical” pieces “had transformed the European tradition into a thoroughly modern and American idiom.” From 1972 to 1978, Earl was an associate professor at Virginia Commonwealth University, and in 1974 he and colleague Tom DaLousa were two of the first residents of the John Michael Kohler Arts Center's Arts/Industry residency program. By the end of the decade, Earl was creating shockingly real (and in some cases, surreal) works of art. After having one of his porcelain sculptures selected into Objects: USA, a touring national exhibition from 1969 to 1971 organized by SC Johnson and Son, Inc. (Racine, WI), Earl's work began to gain recognition. He soon was awarded a solo exhibition the Museum of Contemporary Crafts in New York City (now the Museum of Arts and Design), and his work was featured in the only craft magazine of the time, Craft Horizons (now American Craft). From 1978 onward, Earl has gone on to work full-time as a studio artist in his home of Lakeview, Ohio. In 1985 Lee Nordness published “The Genesis and Triumphant Survival of an Underground Ohio Artist” about Earl's life and work, one of the first books written solely about a craft artist. Earl has continued to present his work in countless group and solo exhibitions, and is featured in many prominent permanent collections nationally.
Artist's statements
"The usual comment I get on my work is that somebody likes it. I like to know that people like it. It is then telling me I haven't made a mistake. My work is directed toward selling on the art market. If people don't like it, then it doesn't sell. As far as I'm concerned, there is no reason to make anything that doesn't sell, because I don't have any need to express myself. I've got other things to do." –Jack Earl
“…What I do is a presentation of the way things are… you just present it and let people see it. …There has to be a sense of mystery in what you make.” –Jack Earl to Jane Milosch, June 2007
“I've done the only thing I could do, so there's no glory in that… There's no thought in it, you're just being led because it's what you do… to know your limitations is very beneficial. It keeps you solid… it keeps me in contact with my life and things around me, which is my source. So it's kind of circular… Art is a job.”- Jack Earl to Jane Milosch, June 2007
Awards
2013 Governor's Award for the Arts in Ohio
1997 Fellow, American Craft Council, New York
1991, 1987, 1985, 1983 Grant, Ohio Council on the Arts
1990 Honorary Member, National Council on the Education of Ceramic Arts
1988 National Endowment Arts Award
1976 John Michael Kohler Arts Center/Kohler Company, Arts/Industry Program, Kohler, WI
1974 Faculty Research Grant, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA
1972 Purchase Award, Columbus Gallery of Fine Arts
1969 Toledo Area Artists Exhibit Award and Purchase
Museum collections
Earl's work is represented in the following museum collections:
Arkansas Art Center, Little Rock, AR
Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Canton Museum of Art (previously Canton Art Institute), Canton, OH
Columbus Gallery of Fine Arts, Columbus, OH
Daum Museum of Contemporary Art, Sedalia, MO
Delaware Art Museum, Wilmington, DE
Everson Museum of Art, Syracuse, NY
John Michael Kohler Arts Center, Sheboygan, WI
Los Angeles County Museum of Art, CA
Milwaukee Art Museum, Milwaukee, WI
Museum of Arts and Design, New York, NY
National Museum of American Art, Smithsonian, Washington, DC
Racine Art Museum, Racine, WI
Springfield Museum of Art, Springfield, OH
Toledo Museum of Art, Toledo, OH
Selected solo exhibitions
2012 Jack Earl: Modern Master- A Retrospective, Springfield Museum of Art, Springfield, OH
2008–2009 Down Home in Ohio: Collection Feature- Jack Earl at RAM, Racine Art Museum, Racine, WI
2007 Wonder: A Retrospective, Sherrie Gallery, Columbus, OH
2004 Nancy Margolis Gallery, New York, NY
1999 Perimeter Gallery, Chicago, IL
1995–97 Nancy Margolis Gallery, New York, NY
1995 Garth Clark Gallery, Los Angeles, CA
1990 Dorothy Weiss Gallery, San Francisco, CA
1989 Jack Earl: Lives and Times, Kansas City Art Institute – Kansas City, MO
1988 Charles A. Wustum Museum of Fine Art – Racine, WI
1988 American Craft Museum (currently Museum of Arts and Design), New York, NY
1987 John Michael Kohler Arts Center, Sheboygan, WI
1985 Perimeter Gallery, Chicago, IL
1974–76 Pyramid Galleries Ltd., Washington, DC
1973 Lee Nordness Galleries, New York, NY
1972 Museum of Contemporary Crafts, New York, NY
Selected group exhibitions
Earl has exhibited his work at museums and galleries of note in the United States, Australia, Canada, and England, including the following:
2008 Query and Repose: Jack Earl and Tip Toland, University of Alabama, Sarah Moody Gallery of Art, Tuscaloosa, AL
2000 Regis Masters Series, Northern Clay Center, Minneapolis, MN
1993 Taft Museum of Art, Cincinnati, OH (traveling exhibition)
1989 Perth International Crafts Triennial, Art Gallery of Western Australia, Perth, Western Australia
1989 41 Ceramic Artists, Bennington College, Bennington, VT
1986–88 Craft Today: Poetry of the Physical, American Craft Museum (currently Museum of Arts and Design), New York (traveling exhibition)
1979 A Century of Ceramics in the U.S.: 1878–1978, Syracuse, NY
1976 The Object of Poet, Fendrick Gallery of Art, Washington, DC
1974 Clay Things, Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, NY
1973 Ceramic International, Calgary, Alberta, Canada
1972 International Exhibition of Ceramics, London, England
1969 Objects: USA, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC (traveling exhibition)
References
American ceramists
1934 births
Living people
People from Auglaize County, Ohio
Artists from Ohio
Zhaoyuan may refer to two county-level divisions of the People's Republic of China:
Zhaoyuan, Shandong (招远市), county-level city of Yantai, Shandong
Zhaoyuan County (肇源县), of Daqing, Heilongjiang
Adraén is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 21.
Geography
Adraén is located 157km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
Abdel Moneim El Shahat (Arabic: عبد المنعم الشحات) (born 1970 in Alexandria) is a religious preacher, TV Host, and the official spokesman of the Egyptian Salafist group al-Da'wa al-Salafiya ("The Salafist Call"). He graduated from the faculty of Engineering in Alexandria University in 1992. He became a regular guest in talk shows after the 2011 Egyptian revolution as his opinions about tourism and Naguib Mahfouz's novels were publicly debated.
A Salafist, El Shahat has called for Egyptians of the Baháʼí Faith to be prosecuted for treason and for ancient Egyptian statues to be covered in wax.
El Shahat and his group supported the 2013 Egyptian coup d'etat which ousted Egypt's first elected president Mohamed Morsi.
References
Egyptian Islamists
1970 births
Living people
Alexandria University alumni
Egyptian Salafis
Politicians from Alexandria
The International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF) is the international governing body responsible for Ski mountaineering competitions. Its main aims are promotion, regulation, and development of Ski mountaineering worldwide. In March 2022, due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the ISMF banned the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials in international competitions; it also canceled all events planned to take place in Russia.
In 2026 the sport will be part of the programme of the Olympic Winter Games Milano Cortina 2026.
History
The "International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions" (ISMC) was founded in 1999 as an internal body of the "Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme" (UIAA). The ISMC was created to govern and administer the sport of Ski mountaineering, replacing the "Comité International pour le Ski Alpinisme de Compétition" (CISAC), which was founded in 1988 in Barcelona. On 6 October 2007, the General Assembly of the UIAA approved the new statutes, where the position of "unit member" was created. As a consequence of this change, it was deemed necessary to constitute an independent "international competition federation with its own juridical personality", named the "International Ski Mountaineering Federation" (ISMF). The Constitutional Assembly of the ISMF members held on 27 February 2008 in Champéry, Portes du Soleil (Switzerland), decided to continue to administer Ski mountaineering competitions as an International Federation with its own legal entity.
In March 2022, due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the ISMF banned the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials in international competitions; it also canceled all events planned to take place in Russia.
Today the ISMF is a non-profit association with the legal headquarters in Lausanne and the administrative office in Mondovì (Italy).
Organisational structure
The organisational structure of the ISMF has been significantly implemented since 2018. Today it can count on various internal commissions that determine and regulate its functioning according to the sector of reference: anti-doping, sustainability, medical, disciplinary, sport development, regulations. The organisational structure of the International Ski Mountaineering Federation consists of a Bureau, which includes the President, the Secretary General and three representatives of the main macro areas (Sport, Marketing and Communication, Finance), one of whom also covers the role of Vice-President. In turn, the Bureau is part of the Council, which, in addition to the aforementioned people, presents four representatives from member association, a representative of male athletes and a representative of female athletes and a representative for each continental council.
Disciplines
Team race: It deals with the most traditional form of Ski mountaineering competitions, since once only team events were present. The teams are composed by 2 or 3 athletes of the same sex and belonging to the same category to be valid for the purpose of the ISMF rankings. This type of race has to include at least 3 ascents and as many descents, even if in long distance races generally there are more. The competitions frequently transit on the crests of mountains, while the descents are off-piste. A standard team race lasts a maximum of 3 hours and covers a total altitude difference of about 2000m.
Individual race: This type of competition is similar to the team one, but is based on a single athlete. It consists of at least 3 ascents and as many descents, but also a part on foot with skis carried in the backpack. Although ISMF events no longer use cables and harnesses, crampons may still be required for steeper, icier ascents. The races normally last from an hour and a half to two hours and can cover a total height difference of 1900m. The race start is always a mass start of all athletes together.
Sprint race: This is a mini Individual race, which combines the essential characteristics and techniques of Ski mountaineering between an ascent (including a part on foot with skis in the backpack) and a single descent from the top. As the name suggests, it is a very fast race that is based on completing the total track in about 3 minutes for the fastest athletes. The first round is an individual qualification with the athletes starting in succession every 20 seconds, after which the batteries of 6 people start. Although the ascent is usually on flat snow, the descent can be off-piste, with gates and small jumps.
Vertical race: From the name it is clear that the Vertical race is an event that involves a single and long ascent. It usually takes place on flat snow and entirely with skins under skis. It has not to exceed an altitude difference of 700m.
Relay race: This type of race takes place in teams of 3 or 4 athletes, who face on the "circuit" one after the other, competing one at a time. Also in this case it is a rather fast event, lasting about 15 minutes per circuit, which includes 2 ascents and as many descents and a short section with skis in the backpack. The total height difference is about of 150-180m.
ISMF competitions
World Cups of Ski Mountaineering
World Championship of Ski Mountaineering
European Championship of Ski Mountaineering
Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
North American Ski Mountaineering Championship
Series
Categories:
U18 = 17/18 years (Cadets)
U20 = 19/20 years (Juniors)
U23 = 21/22/23 years (Espoirs)
O21 = > 21 years (Seniors)
Organisations to which the ISMF belongs
SportAccord (GAISF) since 2010
ARISF since 2014
Provisional recognition as an Olympic Federation since 2014
Olympic Federation since 2016
National Federations members
See also
Ski mountaineering
World Championship of Ski Mountaineering
World Cups of Ski Mountaineering
Ski orienteering
References
External links
Official website
International sports organizations
Ski mountaineering
Sports organizations established in 2008
Brigadier-General Sir Hay Frederick Donaldson (7 July 1856 – 5 June 1916) was an Australia-born English mechanical engineer.
He was born at Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, son of Sir Stuart Alexander Donaldson, the first Premier of New South Wales. He was educated at Eton College, Trinity College, Cambridge, University of Edinburgh and Zurich University.
Initially employed at the London and North Western Railway locomotive works at Crewe, Cheshire, he worked on railway and harbour construction at Goa, India, from 1884 to 1887, and on Manchester Ship Canal from 1887 to 1891. He was Chief Engineer at London's India Docks from 1892 to 1897.
Alongside his latter two projects, he was based as Chief Mechanical Engineer at the Royal Ordnance Factories, Woolwich, from 1889 to 1903, during which period he also served as its Deputy Director-General in 1898–99. He was appointed Director-General in 1903 and continued until, in the First World War, he resigned to take up his last appointment, as Chief Technical Adviser to the Ministry of Munitions, then headed by David Lloyd George, in September 1915. He was also commissioned in the army with the rank of brigadier-general.
He was made CB in 1909 and promoted to KCB in 1911. He was president of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers in 1913 and 1914.
He was one of the advisers selected to accompany the Secretary of State for War Lord Kitchener on a mission to Russia in June 1916 and perished, aged fifty-nine, with all but 12 others when their ship, , struck a German mine off the Orkney Islands. His body was never recovered and he is commemorated on the Commonwealth War Graves Commission's Hollybrook Memorial at Southampton, Hampshire.
On 15 July 1884, he married Selina Beresford (1859–1938), daughter of Colonel Marcus Beresford MP. They had three children.
References
The peerage
Memorial is at HOLLYBROOK MEMORIAL, SOUTHAMPTON
1856 births
1916 deaths
Military personnel from New South Wales
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
British Army generals of World War I
British military personnel killed in World War I
English mechanical engineers
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British military engineers
British Army brigadiers
People from Sydney
Logan Eberhardt English (November 29, 1928 – March 9, 1983) was an American folk singer, poet, actor, and playwright. As MC at Gerde's Folk City in Greenwich Village, he was influential in Bob Dylan's early career, and also recorded one of the earliest albums produced as a tribute to Woody Guthrie.
Life
He was born in Henderson, Kentucky, later moving to a farm in Bourbon County. His mother, Corilla (née Eberhardt), was a former opera singer. Both his father, Logan B. English, and his maternal grandfather, Fredrick W. Eberhardt, were Baptist ministers; Eberhardt was a published author, and Logan B. English was a farmer and prominent civic leader. Logan E. English later said that his grandfather's preachings, and the songs of the field hands on his father's farm, were vital in shaping his love of folk music and the theater.
He attended the Millersburg Military Academy before studying acting and speech at Georgetown College. After serving in the US Army in Korea, he returned to complete a Master's degree in Fine Arts at Yale School of Drama. He started to pursue an acting career in New York, and also began singing traditional folk songs in clubs in Greenwich Village and elsewhere. English had what was described as a "startlingly melodious voice, and a winning personality"; he was a talented guitarist, but did not write his own songs.
He began singing professionally in 1956. The following year, he recorded two albums for the Folkways label - Kentucky Folk Songs and Ballads, and The Days of '49: Songs of the Gold Rush, the latter with banjoist Billy Faier - and a third album, Gambling Songs, for the Riverside label. His recordings and regular performances of traditional songs, in New York and Boston, helped put many of the traditional songs into wider circulation; his version of "Geordie", for example, was heard by Joan Baez who performed and recorded the song in 1962.
English performed at the opening night of Gerde's Folk City club in Greenwich Village in 1960, together with Carolyn Hester. He knew Woody Guthrie through mutual friends Bob and Sid Gleason, and was instrumental in securing Bob Dylan his first appearance at Gerde's in 1961. His widow Barbara Shutner said:
My husband Logan English and I met Bob Dylan at Bob and Sid Gleason's house... One night we were all sitting around and Woody said something like, "Play something" to this kid sitting on the couch. The kid was Bob Dylan, and he sang and it was just beautiful. So Logan said, "I'm working at Gerde's. I'm the MC. We'll get you to play there." So that Monday night, Bob came in and did his first set.
He sang at Carnegie Hall, toured extensively in the US and Canada, had a radio show on station WBAI, and appeared in several plays, both on and off-Broadway. He also wrote poetry. Two of his verses, The Wind That Shakes The Barley and Beware You Sons of Sorrow, appear in The Kentucky Anthology: Two Hundred Years of Writing in the Bluegrass State, in which English is described as "Bourbon County's poet-errant, a man who loved Kentucky but who could never live for very long in the land that formed and nourished him and provided him with material for his poetry, plays and songs."
He appeared on several compilations and live recordings of folk music in the early 1960s, including The Life Treasury of American Folk Music. In 1962 he recorded the album American Folk Ballads for Monitor Records. The songs included sea shanties and children's songs, with English writing a short description or story about each song in the liner notes. He wrote:
From the wild-flower dusks of mountain twilights, out of steamy southern mud-flats and dusty midland prairies, off the sun-silver steel of cinder-blown railroad tracks and out of the chill damps of prison cells - from churches and saloons, cradles and gravesides come the songs of America that must be sung.
He recorded the album Logan English Sings the Woody Guthrie Songbag for 20th Century Fox Records in 1964. Released three years before Guthrie's death, and described as "an unselfish effort to boost the awareness of the iconic folk legend", it contained versions of thirteen of his songs, and led to English's identification as one of Guthrie's major interpreters. However, English's unwillingness to write his own songs, coupled with a chronic drinking problem, also made it increasingly difficult for him to maintain a successful performing or recording career.
He later moved to Saratoga Springs, New York, where he taught and gave occasional public performances. In 1974, he released his final album, Woody Guthrie's Children's Songs, for the Folkways label. In 1979, he published a long autobiographical poem, No Land Where I Have Traveled: A Kentucky Poem, which was reprinted in 2001. He also wrote two full-length plays, and was commissioned by the Actors Theatre of Louisville to write a play based on the life of Kentucky politician Cassius Marcellus Clay, which was unfinished at the time of his death.
He died in Saratoga Springs in 1983, at the age of 54, when he was hit by an automobile while walking.
Discography
Kentucky Folk Songs and Ballads (Folkways, 1957)
The Days of '49: Songs of the Gold Rush (with Billy Faier) (Folkways, 1957)
Gambling Songs (Riverside, 1957)
American Folk Ballads (Monitor, 1962)
Logan English Sings The Woody Guthrie Songbag (20th Century Fox, 1964)
Woody Guthrie's Children's Songs (Folkways, 1974)
References
External links
Guide to the English Family papers, 1873-1983 housed at the University of Kentucky Libraries Special Collections Research Center
1928 births
1983 deaths
American folk singers
People from Henderson, Kentucky
Military personnel from Kentucky
Folk musicians from Kentucky
Poets from Kentucky
20th-century American poets
20th-century American singers
Singers from Kentucky
Folkway Records artists
Gachchi (also called The Terrace) is a 2017 Marathi language Indian film. This film was directed by debutant Nachiket Samant and produced by Nitin Prakash Vaidya and Vidhi Kasliwal. The film stars Abhay Mahajan and Priya Bapat in lead roles. A Landmarc Films Presentation and a Nitin Vaidya Productions film, Gachchi was released in theatres on 22 December 2017.
Cast
Priya Bapat as Keerti
Abhay Mahajan as Shriram
Asha Shelar as Shriram's Mother
Anant Jog as Jagtap
Mayureshwar Kale as Raju
Swapnaneel Jaykar as Jagtap's Lawyer
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by Avinash Vishwajeet with lyrics by Priya Bapat and Abhay Mahajan.
References
External links
2010s Marathi-language films
Tsangano District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Tete Province
Shabli () may refer to:
Shabli, Ardabil
Shabli, North Khorasan
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,509. The county seat is West Union.
History
Fayette County was founded on December 21, 1837, as a part of Wisconsin Territory. It was named after Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette, a French general and politician, who came to America in 1777 to fight in the Revolutionary War, and who was named Major General of the Continental Army. The county was formed as part of a large reorganization of Dubuque County, which at that time comprised most of the northern half of Iowa, Minnesota, and parts of the Dakotas. Fayette County was granted the Minnesota and Dakotas territory on that date. It became part of Iowa Territory when it was formed on July 4, 1838. Fayette County's size was drastically reduced into land that was part of the modern state of Iowa in 1843, then further split in 1847 after Iowa had achieved statehood. The county was organized in 1850.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.07%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 56
Iowa Highway 93
Iowa Highway 150
Iowa Highway 187
Iowa Highway 281
Adjacent counties
Allamakee County (northeast)
Black Hawk County (southwest)
Buchanan County (south)
Bremer County (west)
Chickasaw County (northwest)
Clayton County (east)
Delaware County (southeast)
Winneshiek County (north)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 19,509 in the county, with a population density of . 96.09% of the population reported being of one race. There were 9,298 housing units of which 8,174 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 20,880 in the county, with a population density of . There were 9,558 housing units, of which 8,634 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,008 people, 8,778 households, and 5,951 families residing in the county. The population density was 30 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 9,505 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.71% White, 0.53% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.43% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. 1.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,778 households, out of which 30.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 7.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.20% were non-families. 28.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 19.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,453, and the median income for a family was $39,960. Males had a median income of $27,493 versus $20,099 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,271. About 8.20% of families and 10.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.30% of those under age 18 and 12.00% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Arlington
Clermont
Elgin
Fayette
Fairbank
Hawkeye
Maynard
Oelwein
Randalia
St. Lucas
Stanley
Wadena
Waucoma
West Union
Westgate
Unincorporated communities
Alpha
Donnan
Oran
Richfield
Townships
Fayette County is divided into twenty townships:
Auburn
Banks
Bethel
Center
Clermont
Dover
Eden
Fairfield
Fremont
Harlan
Illyria
Jefferson
Oran
Pleasant Valley
Putnam
Scott
Smithfield
Union
Westfield
Windsor
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Fayette County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fayette County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
Fayette County Economic Development
Fayette County Health and Demographic Data
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
East Island is an island in the Mary Anne Group, located at 21º16'S 115º35'E off the northwest coast of Western Australia.
References
Mary Anne Group
Ross Koppel (born August 18, 1946) is an American sociologist. He is a senior fellow of the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics and an adjunct professor of sociology at The University of Pennsylvania. He is known for studying the impact of healthcare information technology on medical practice. Koppel's work led to controversy in the health care informatics industry and significant changes to guarantee the safety and accuracy of medical records. Koppel has served as president of the Sociological Practice Association and the Association for Applied and Clinical Sociology and has received numerous awards from professional associations. In 2010, Koppel was awarded the Distinguished Career Award for the Practice of Sociology by the American Sociological Association.
References
1946 births
Living people
American sociologists
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Temple University alumni
The Tahltan or Nahani are a First Nations people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group who live in northern British Columbia around Telegraph Creek, Dease Lake, and Iskut. The Tahltan constitute the fourth division of the Nahane (People of the West).
Culture
The Tahltan cultural practices and lifeways varied widely as they were often widely separated and would have to endure varying conditions depending on their locality. In Tahltan culture it was believed that some of their ancestors had knowledge that others did not from times before a great flood. Some of these ancestors used that knowledge for the good of the people, while others used it for evil and to the disadvantage of others. Raven is considered to be the protagonist hero against these evil ancestors.
Social organization
Tahltan social organization is founded on matriarchy and intermarriage between two main clan designations. The two main clans of Tahltan people are Tses' Kiya (pronounced Tses-kee-ya) (Crow) and Chiyone (pronounced Chee-oanah) (Wolf). These two clans are further subdivided into four parties:
Kartchottee (Raven)—This family originated in the Interior toward the headwaters of the Taku River. This is the most numerous family of the tribe, also represented by the frog.
Nanyiee (Wolf)—Also represented by the brown bear, the killer-whale, and the shark. This family originated near the headwaters of Taku River, moved towards the ocean and settling among the Stikine Tlingit; and then ascended the Stikine River and became a family of the Tahltan.
Talarkoteen (Wolf)—Originating near Peace River in the Interior, these peoples followed Liard River to Dease Lake and then crossed to the Tuya.
Tuckclarwaydee (Wolf)—Also represented by the brown bear, the eagle, and the killer-whale. This family is credited as being the founders of the Tahltan tribe, originating in the interior near the headwaters of Nags river.
Government
Contemporary Tahltan society constitutes itself as the Tahltan Nation, which comprises the membership and governments of the Tahltan First Nation and Iskut First Nation.
History
Ten thousand years ago, the Tahltan people used obsidian from Mount Edziza to make tools and weapons for trading material. This is the main source of obsidian found in northwestern British Columbia.
Coal-bed methane conflict
Coal-bed methane extraction had already been the subject of protests in the Bulkley Valley against a project planned near Telkwa, British Columbia. In a unanimous 2003 resolution, the Union of B.C. Municipalities asked for a moratorium on coal-bed methane mining in the province.
Since 2005, the Klabona Keepers, a group of Tahltan elders, have watched the road leading through Tahltan territory towards the Sacred headwaters (Klappan Valley) in opposition to development there, specifically a coalbed methane mining project planned by Royal Dutch Shell. The Sacred Headwaters (Klappan Valley) is home to the headwaters of the Nass, Skeena and Stikine Rivers. Not only do these rivers provide a home to important salmon stocks, Tahltan oral history holds that these headwaters are the place where the earth was first created and where Talhtan culture began. According to the Klabona Keepers, the valley is used for fishing, hunting, and trapping. It is the site of a Tahltan burial ground and a cultural camp where Talhtan youth can learn their culture in the summer.
In 2004, Shell was awarded the oil and gas rights to the Klappan Valley, one of British Columbia's largest coal deposits with an estimated of methane. That year, Shell drilled three exploratory wells at the headwaters, but in 2005 four Shell employees who arrived at the band office in Iskut were turned away by a group of elders and no drilling occurred that summer. Non-violent blockades in 2005 and 2006 delayed development efforts and led to the arrests of 13 protesters. Talhtan territory was the site of half of all the mining exploration in British Columbia during 2006. Protests in Smithers have been as large as 600 people. David Suzuki and Wade Davis have both criticized plans for coal-bed methane mining in the headwaters and, in June 2007, 14 different environmental groups sent a joint letter to Shell opposing the project.
Representatives from Shell assert a determination to reach consensus in the community and note that the elected Tahltan Central Council (TCC) agreed to the exploration. Chief Jerry Asp was forced to resign in 2005 after protests from Tahltan members accusing him of a conflict of interest because of his involvement with two pro-development organizations.
On December 18, 2012, the B.C. government announced that Shell would be withdrawing its plans to explore and drill for coalbed methane gas in the Tahltan Territory. According to the Skeena Watershed Conservation Coalition, Shell has launched a lawsuit against Talhtan elders for loss of revenue. The Klabona Keepers have filed a counter-suit for failure to consult. Employment opportunities have come from natural resources development in recent years. Because of various concerns over the lands, the parties involved balance development and environmental aspects.
Talk of an Alaska-Canada railroad traversing Tahltan lands recurs every so often with feasibility studies being done.
Language
Tahltan is a poorly documented Northern Athabaskan language. Some linguists consider Tahltan to be a language with three divergent but mutually intelligible dialects.<ref>Marianne Mithun. The Languages of Native North America'''. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1999.</ref> Other linguists consider these to be separate languages. The number of speakers is below.
Kaska: approximately 400 speakers (Poser 2003)
Tahltan: approximately 35 speakers (Poser 2003)
Tagish: no fluent speakers as of 2008
See also
Tahltan, British Columbia
Tahltan Bear Dog
Raven Tales#Tahltan
Notes and references
Notes
References
Hodge, Frederick Webb, Compiler. The Handbook of American Indians North of Mexico''. Bureau of American Ethnology, Government Printing Office, 1906. As cited in Access Genealogy: Indian Tribal Records. Retrieved 4 December 2008.
External links
Tahltan Central Council
Map of Northwest Coast First Nations
Photos of the Tahltan
Stikine Country
Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau
Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest
First Nations in British Columbia
Fuduntu Linux was a Fedora-based Linux distribution created by Andrew Wyatt. It was actively developed between 2010 and 2013. It was designed to fit in somewhere between Fedora and Ubuntu. It was notable for providing a 'classic' desktop experience. Although it was optimized for netbooks and other portable computers it is a general-purpose OS.
History
After forking Fedora 14 in early November 2011, Fuduntu became an independent distribution and was no longer considered a "remix" of Fedora, it did not qualify as a "spin" because it contained packages not included in Fedora.
On a Team Meeting held on 14 April 2013, it was decided that Fuduntu would discontinue development and no new versions will be released. Large parts of the team were planning to work on a new rebased OS. The move of wider support to GTK 3 and Systemd were also factors, as Fuduntu used GTK 2 and wasn't systemd based.
Post development
On 28 April 2013 the Fuduntu website officially informed that the project has come to an end and that users may want to switch to the new project Cloverleaf Linux which is based on openSUSE instead.
In late August, the development team decided to discontinue Cloverleaf, due to lack of manpower. Other concerns included image leaks and other issues regarding source code for KDE's upcoming lightweight desktop environment KLyDE, which in term was supposed to be used as Cloverleaf's default desktop environment.
Features
As Fuduntu was originally targeted at the Asus Eee PC and other netbooks it contained tweaks to reduce power consumption. This included moving the /tmp and /var/log directories to a RAM disk, and reducing swappiness 10, to reduce the frequency of disk spin-up. Also, Fuduntu includes the Jupiter power management applet (also developed by Andrew Wyatt), for easy adjustment of CPU performance settings, screen output and resolution, etc.
The default packages include Nautilus Elementary, Adobe Flash, the Fluendo MP3 Codec, VLC, Infinality Freetype, LibreOffice, and the nano editor.
Look and Feel
The used icon theme is called Faenza Cupertino. It features the distinctive square icon set of Faenza. Because it was originally based on Fedora and Ubuntu it has GNOME as window manager, giving the opportunity to change themes, including window frames.
It aimed for a 'classic' desktop experience, as opposed to a 'mobile' experience.
See also
Ubuntu GNOME
References
External links
Fuduntu listing on Distrowatch
RPM-based Linux distributions
X86-64 Linux distributions
Linux distributions
The 2021 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race was the 76th annual running of the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, hosted by Cruising Yacht Club of Australia and sponsored by Rolex. It began on Sydney Harbour at 13:00 on 26 December 2021, before heading south for via the Tasman Sea, Bass Strait, Storm Bay and up the River Derwent, to cross the finish line in Hobart, Tasmania.
Following the cancelled 2020 race, 112 entries were submitted for the 2021 edition. By 25 December, the starting lineup was down to 91 and only 88 left the harbour to start the race. The mass withdrawal was due to crew members testing positive for COVID-19 or deciding not to compete to avoid catching the virus. 5 boats withdrew in the 24 hours before the race started. For the first time, entries were accepted for a two-handed division (sailed by a crew of 2 people) but, due to the use of autopilot, they were ineligible for the overall handicap prize. Within the first two days, 36 boats retired due to injuries or damage caused by strong weather. 50 completed the race.
Results
Line honours (first 10)
Handicap results (Top 10)
References
December 2021 sports events in Australia
Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race
Sydney
Sydney
Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows is a Unicode block containing arrows and geometric shapes with various fills, astrological symbols, technical symbols, intonation marks, and others.
Block
Emoji
The Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows block contains seven emojis:
U+2B05–U+2B07, U+2B1B–U+2B1C, U+2B50 and U+2B55.
The block has fourteen standardized variants defined to specify emoji-style (U+FE0F VS16) or text presentation (U+FE0E VS15) for the
seven emojis.
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows block:
See also
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Unicode blocks with characters for games
Holly Kaleidoscope is an album by British musician Davy Graham, released in 1970. His wife at the time, Holly Gwyn, contributes on vocals.
Reception
In his Allmusic review, critic Ritchie Unterberger wrote, "Graham's final Decca LP was co-billed to his wife at the time, Holly Gwyn (credited simply as "Holly"), although she only appears on a few tracks... it's not one of Graham's more notable albums, but it's respectable, and the guitar work, of course, is nothing less than stellar."
Track listing
"Flower Never Bend With the Rainfall" (Paul Simon) – 2:48
"Wilt Thou Unkind" (Davy Graham) – 0:55
"Blackbird" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 2:19
"Blues at Gino's" (Davy Graham) – 3:58
"Since I Fell for You" (Buddy Johnson) – 2:49
"Sunny Moon for Two" (Sonny Rollins) – 3:04
"Fingerbuster" (Davy Graham) – 1:33
"Here, There and Everywhere" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 2:33
"Ramblin' Sailor" (Davy Graham) – 1:21
"Mary, Open the Door" (Duffy Power) – 2:01
"I Know My Love" (Traditional; arranged by Holly Gwin) – 2:48
"Charlie" (Davy Graham) – 2:43
"Bridge Over Troubled Water" (Paul Simon) – 3:08
"Little Man You've Had a Busy Day" (Maurice Sigler, Al Hoffman, Mabel Wayne) – 1:41
Personnel
Davy Graham – vocals, guitar
Holly Gwyn – vocals
Technical
Terry Johnson - engineer
David Wedgbury - photography
References
1970 albums
Davey Graham albums
Decca Records albums
Brechbühl or Brechbuhl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(born 1939), Swiss journalist, translator, and publisher
Ulrich Brechbuhl (born 1964), Swiss-American businessman and government official
Urs Brechbühl (born 1946), Swiss biathlete
Svensk Elektrobil AB (SEA) was a Swedish company that made electric vehicles. The Company was founded by Asea and was located at Rosenlundsgatan in southern Stockholm. The vehicle loaded 2.5 tonnes and had a top speed of 25 km/h.
Specification
The vehicle had an electric motor connected to Tudor batteries rated at 250 Ah. One of the models, the EV 12 launched in 1943, had a duo system with two motors. An extra motor could be connected when driving uphill or when heavily loaded. Most models had a range of 60–70 km, but 127 km was achieved.
History
Production of electric vehicles ended at the end of the 1940s due to competition from gasoline powered cars. In 1959 the company was renamed Svensk Reaktorteknik and later to ASEA-Atom and is as of 2009 named Westinghouse.
References
Electric vehicles introduced in the 20th century
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Sweden
Defunct companies of Sweden
ASEA
Tikove Piira (born 1 April 2000) is a sprinter competing for the Cook Islands. He competed in the men's 100 metres event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar. He competed in the preliminary round and he did not advance to compete in the heats.
Piira is from Pukapuka and was educated at Tereora College. He works as a police officer.
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
People from Pukapuka
Cook Island police officers
Cook Island male sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Cook Islands
"I Luh God" is a song by American gospel singer Erica Campbell of Mary Mary. The song also features American gospel rapper LaShawn Daniels, who produced the song, also known as Big Shizz, who is uncredited. It is her second single from her album Help 2.0. The song is considered to be an example of an uprising music genre called "Trap Gospel", as it has a drum machine, bass, and a rap tone in Campbell's voice. The song has caused controversy, with many people claiming the song's sound too secular. In the course of the song, Campbell seems to call out the very voices and messages that are traditionally associated with the beat. “You ain't got the money moving by yourself/And you know you did it with a lot of help/You know it's only one, it ain't nobody else”The lines immediately recall Drake‘s “All Me,” featuring Big Sean and 2 Chainz, which boasts “Came up, that's all me/Stayed true, that's all me/No help that's all me, all me for real.”
"They're used to (me) very pulled up and polished and singing 'Yesterday' and 'Help.' But, I just wanted to have fun, declare my love for God and at the same time reach an audience that I think the gospel community sometimes ignores, "There is Christian hip-hop but I feel that more Caucasian children gravitate to it. So, I figured, you're my people so, let me get with my folks!" Campbell told CNikky.com.The song topped the Billboard Gospel chart, and, as of January 2018, the video has over eleven million views on her YouTube account.
History
The song was released on March 31, 2015. The music video was released on her YouTube channel on June 12, 2015 and on her Vevo account on June 16, 2015. The song was announced via her social media accounts, She released the cover art on her Instagram account. the song was actually inspired by "CoCo" by O.T. Genasis, as which Campbell refers to as a "Cocaine Anthem".
"I was listening to the radio. Some song called 'I'm In Love With The CoCo' came on, and I got upset 'cause I'm like, this is what kids are singing and saying over and over," Campbell said in a Rapzilla Interview. "Why can't [Christians] change that? We got some crazy writers, incredible artists that love Jesus. Let's infiltrate! Let's get in there and change it." Campbell told to CPentertainment.com.
Awards/Nominations
The song was nominated for Top Gospel Song at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards and won the award for Best Contemporary Gospel Recording of the Year at the 47th annual Dove Awards.
Chart performance
References
External links
Erica Campbell Releases Video for Controversial Song 'I Luh God' [WATCH | Music Times]
Kirk Franklin On 'Trap Gospel' And Taking Heat From The Church
Erica Campbell Fans Not Feeling Gospel Singer's New Trap, Trill Video, "I Luh God'?
Trap Gospel? Erica Campbell's ‘I Luh God' Needs An Intervention
Is Erica Campbell's New Trap Gospel Track “I Luh God” Really That Bad?
Gospel songs
2015 songs
Songs written by Warryn Campbell
Akasya is a shopping mall and mixed-use development in Üsküdar, Istanbul, Turkey. The mall has a gross leasable area of 80,000 sqm and was developed on the site of a former car factory by SAF REIT in Acıbadem, a participation of Akiş REIT. The complex contains 1,357 residences as well as the shopping center, with around 250 stores including a hypermarket. The mall opened on March 6, 2014. Stores include department stores Beymen, Boyner and Vakkorama.
References
Shopping malls in Istanbul
is a 1964 Japanese chambara film by director Hideo Gosha.
The film is an origin-story offshoot of the original Japanese television series of the same name. The film involves a wandering ronin (Tetsuro Tamba) who finds himself involved with two other samurai (Isamu Nagato and Mikijiro Hira) who are hired to execute a band of peasants who have kidnapped the daughter of a corrupt magistrate.
Cast
Tetsuro Tamba as Sakon Shiba
Isamu Nagato as Kyojuro Sakura
Mikijirō Hira as Einosuke Kikyo
Miyuki Kuwano as Aya
Yoshiko Kayama as Oyasu
Kyoko Aoi as Omitsu
Kamatari Fujiwara as Jinbē
Hisashi Igawa as the Magistrate
Toshie Kimura as Oine
Yōko Mihara as Omaki
Bokuzen Hidari as Sakusan
Junkichi Orimoto as Kurahashi
Synopsis
Peasants decide to revolt against the local lord by kidnapping his daughter, they want their fed up to finally be heard in the eyes of this man who takes pleasure in his rich situation without asking questions. Famine is not his problem. However, a passing rōnin bursts into the rebels, Sakon Shiba is simply carried by his curiosity. He can only join these men despised but weak in the face of the strength of a Lord. The rōnin quickly manages to bring back another rōnin, from such a poor condition that he prefers to sleep in prison. The trio is complemented by the Lord's bodyguard, who understands that his status as a saber-man prevents him from basking in a stable and calm life. And during the three men join forces to affirm the word of the peasants, the latter remain passive and afraid, they are locked in the fear of dying.
Release
The film was released in Japan in 1964. On February 14, 2012, the Criterion Collection released a DVD and Blu-ray of the film.
Reception
Bilge Ebiri, commissioned by Criterion Collection to write an essay on the film, wrote:
"Three Outlaw Samurai is a supremely confident big-screen debut, whose surface simplicity masks a scathing vision of society lurking beneath. In some ways, it recalls Kurosawa's samurai narratives, with its tale of renegade rōnin who come to the aid of the dispossessed. But Gosha's personal obsessions are all over the film, particularly in his depiction of the loss of honor through blind loyalty (and its liberating opposite, the regaining of honor by betrayal), and in the sharp contrast he makes between the refined, comforting worlds of power and social duty and the wild, almost animalistic existence of those who choose freedom. And unlike Kurosawa, whose characters tend to be classically drawn and endlessly layered, Gosha often works in broad strokes: his characters are archetypes, which he then deconstructs and plays off one another. A samurai can go from fighting alongside a group to fighting against them in one brief shot, as in Three Outlaw Samurai. These characters may be simple, but Gosha's real interest is in the portrait of society he is creating—and that is anything but."
Glenn Erickson, in an article for Turner Classic Movies published after the Criterion Collection Blu-ray release, wrote:
"[I]t's an impressively well-told story with interesting characters and a surprise in every scene. Gosha and his writers Keiichi Abe and Eizaburo Shiba work clever games with the standard samurai archetypes: all are present, yet they refuse to accept their traditional roles. Gosha's thriller soon lets us know that it is not going to be yet another simplistic morality play about honor and loyalty....[Gosha] makes Three Outlaw Samurai a thorough critique of authoritarian society and the traditional honor code of the samurai. In Gosha's view the oppressive forces are money, power and class. The magistrate subscribes to no code except his own convenience and prestige. The only honor to be found in is therefore the opposition of unjust authority."Rian Johnson has said that Three Outlaw Samurai influenced the writing of his Star Wars film The Last Jedi.
References
External links
Three Outlaw Samurai: The Disloyal Bunch an essay by Bilge Ebiri at the Criterion Collection
1964 films
1964 drama films
1960s action films
Japanese drama films
Japanese black-and-white films
Samurai films
Films based on television series
Films directed by Hideo Gosha
1960s Japanese films
The was a militant organization, that operated in Japan between July 1971 and March 1972. The URA was formed as the result of a merger that began on 13 July 1971 between two extremist groups, the Marxist-Leninist-Maoist , led in 1971 by Tsuneo Mori, and the Reformed Marxist Revolutionary Left Wing group, Japanese Communist Party Kanagawa Prefecture Committee, aka led by Hiroko Nagata. The group intended to disrupt the Japanese political system to enable the emergence of Communism in the state. The URA came to a sudden end with the Asama-Sanso incident, a 9-day siege and hostage situation that occurred at the group's mountain hide out in the Nagano Prefecture in February 1972. This event was widely publicized, with viewers across Japan able to view the shoot-out between the radicals and riot police on TV. Public perception of the group was varied. Many were strongly opposed to the group and their tendency toward violence, whilst others sympathized with them and their desire to bring down the police state.
The United Red Army had 29 members and lost 14 due to killings in less than a year. Most were members of the New Left.
Formation
The Red Army Faction was an organization led by Japanese college students after having split from its parent group, Bund, otherwise known as The Communist League. This split came as a result of a tense disagreement regarding the militant policies the Red Army Faction had adopted. The group consisted mainly of students from regional Japan that attended elite universities with the intention to "do something bold and different that would move the process of revolution forward". The group initially organized protests and demonstrations that were technically legal under the 1925 Peace Preservation Laws. However, over time, the Red Army became increasingly committed to engaging in direct violations of such laws. These actions were targeted towards police, the group's ultimate enemies and motivation for attack. The Red Army Faction lost its numbers over time due to deaths resulting from violent missions and protests, as well as arrests. Despite this, the group was able to amass large amounts of money from their ‘Operation M' which involved a series of robberies.
The Revolutionary Left group split off from the Japanese Communist Party after World War II. They reached the peak of their popularity in the 1960s where they garnered support from university and high school students for their controversial view that such higher education institutions were acting only to serve the state. Much like the Red Army, their protests grew more violent toward police. The group also instilled an element of performance, allowing themselves, in some instances, to be beaten violently to convey metaphorically that they were the victims. The Revolutionary Left escalated their violent approaches with the intentions of obtaining weaponry, such as with their gun shop robbery of 1971.
The alliance between the Revolutionary Left and Red Army Faction began as each had resources that the other desired. The Revolutionary Left were able to provide guns that the Red Army needed to support their ‘armed conflict', for which they received much needed funds. This relationship developed with the groups co-operating with some of their rallies and demonstrations. This ultimately led to the groups forming an alliance. The formation of their United Red Army was publicly announced on 15 July 1971 in the magazine that the groups had created, entitled Jūka, meaning ‘Gunfire'. This new group was led by Red Army Faction leader, Mori Tsuneo, with his second in command being the female leader of the Revolutionary Left, Nagata Hiroko. The purpose of the group was initially outlined as to “carry out hit-and-run attacks” on the Japanese Imperialist Bourgeoise. However, after troubleshooting their conflicting underlying beliefs and purposes, a unified resolve “to fight a war of annihilation of guns, against the Japanese authorities” was decided to be the group's manifesto.
Training and treatment of members
Soon after the United Red Army's formation, two members originally from the Revolutionary Left deserted the group. In order to make an example of the defectors, Nagata arranged their murders with the assistance of other URA members.
In December 1971, by the order of their leader Mori, the URA moved its headquarters to the training camps that the Red Army Faction had previously made use of. Aside from the preparation of their next movements and missions, the group underwent a process known as ‘self-criticism', a ritual that had become normalized among Left groups in Japan at the time. The original intention of this practice was to allow members of the group to strengthen their alignment with the values and purpose of the cause.
However, Mori quickly introduced an element of violence to this process in keeping with the New Left's demand for individuals to demonstrate their commitment. The purpose of this violence against members was to test their devotion to the cause. Mori argued that beating members into unconsciousness would allow for them to be reborn with true "communistic subjectivity" when they were brought back to consciousness. Members of the URA expressed their concerns to Mori regarding this practice and the unpredictability as to the consequences of beatings, unsure of an exact way to achieve sending a member into unconsciousness. As such, it was through this process that several group members were killed.
Two members originally from the Revolutionary Left were the first victims of self-criticism. Kato Yoshitaka was selected for self-criticism as he had spoken to police during an earlier interrogation, and Kojima Kazuko for lacking the ability to fight her “bourgeois thinking”. Initially the pair were refused food, and from 26–27 December Kato was tied up and beaten by group members. Kojima was also beaten by group members. As Kato had not lost consciousness during the beatings, Mori concluded that he had not achieved self-criticism and so he was tied to a post outside in the harsh mountain climate to suffer further beatings. Once the leaders Nagata and Mori were satisfied that Kato had achieved self-critique he was brought inside. However, he died from his injuries on 4 January 1972. This was not before another member, Ozaki Mitsuo, was killed in the self-critique process initiated against him on 28 December that resulted in his death two days later.
These violent beatings ultimately saw the death of 12 members of the URA who had been deemed not sufficiently revolutionary. Many of the twelve victims died tied to posts in the open, exposed to the elements, but others were beaten to death or slaughtered with knives. The last death occurred on 12 February. The bodies of the victims were buried in the woods nearby their mountain camp.
Fall
The police were able to trace the URA to their mountain hideout. In the surrounding areas, they located the bodies of members that had fallen victim during sessions of self-criticism.
In early February 1972, Mori and Nagata took a trip to Tokyo. Whilst they were away, several URA members took the opportunity to desert the group. On 15 February, remaining group members discovered that police were aware of their whereabouts which led them to leave their training base. During their escape, two members were arrested. Mori and Nagata were also arrested upon return to the base to determine whether any group members remained. The members that had fled the training base took a dangerous route through the mountains to Nagano prefecture in order to avoid leaving traces of footsteps and the strong odor of dead bodies that they carried due to lack of bathing facilities. The following day, the group members split into two groups. One group arrested was shortly after at Karuizawa train station, having been reported by members of the public as suspicious due to their “bedraggled” look.
The remaining group, consisting of five members, were chased by police into a lodge at the base of Mount Asama. Here the members took hostage of the lodge keeper's wife. A nine-day siege ensued which saw the mountain sealed off and 3 000 riot police on scene. The police did not close in on the group despite several exchanges of gunfire in order to protect the hostage. Before the police cut off power to the lodge after a few days, group members watched media coverage of the siege on TV. On the 28th of February, the tenth and final day of the incident, the police brought in a wrecking ball to destroy the entrance of the lodge and fired water mixed with teargas into the building to assist police in their room-by-room search. After a battle that lasted eight hours and the killing of two police officers, the members and their hostage were found taking shelter behind a mattress on the top floor of the building. This event was viewed on 90% of Japan's television screens and became known as the Asama-Sanso incident.
Public perception
Initially after the siege, public perception of the group was markedly less negative than what it would become. In the month following the Asama-Sanso incident, there was significant coverage relating to the interrogation of group members. With police having provided information about the group's killings, media communicated an image of the URA that associated “armed resistance with the murder of comrades”. This saw a shift in public perception. This sentiment was conveyed by a student who was interviewed for one of Japan's most noteworthy news publications, the Asahi Shimbun. This student remarked "When they were captured without being completely defeated, I thought that they were definitely revolutionaries, and I felt a sense of resistance when adults labelled them a crazed group. But I can't understand the logic of the lynchings. I lost the will to defend them". Further, another student reported "Although I am, if anything, right wing, I understand the United Red Army members' feelings ... Whichever way you look at it, Japan resembles a police state. In challenging the system, their battles have to take such [combative] forms".
Convictions
In the initial stages of the investigation, group members refused to give information to police. Mori wrote to police in the month following the Asama Sanso incident to take responsibility for the killings and to ask for the group members bodies to be returned to their families. This was interpreted as an act of weakness by other members of the group, who felt betrayed given that Mori had punished other members for more trivial matters. Following his speaking up, other members began to cooperate with police by providing statements. Each group member was given two options to choose from in how they could be tried by the courts. He or she could remain as in the collective and face a group trial given that the crimes were committed together, or be tried individually although this would result in being perceived as a traitor. Seven members, including Mori, opted to be tried together. However, Mori committed suicide in prison on 1 January 1973 before making it to trial. Bando, one of the seven who had opted to be tried as a group, was released by authorities before trial at the demand of the Japanese Red Army (JRA). The JRA also demanded the release of Sakaguchi; however, he chose to remain to face trial, Another two of the seven defected before trial, leaving only Nagata, Sakaguchi and Uegaki to face collective trial. Nagata and Sakaguchi were ultimately sentenced to death, whilst Uegaki received a 20-year sentence.
Nagata died on 5 February 2011 from brain cancer while still being held in a detention facility. As of 2013, Sakaguchi is still alive in prison after an unsuccessful appeal of his sentence.
Legacy
The group is the subject of the 2007 film United Red Army, directed by Kōji Wakamatsu and a 2019 documentary The United Red Army: A Troubled Legacy by NHK World-Japan with interviews of surviving members of the group.
See also
Japanese Red Army
East Asia Anti-Japan Armed Front
Anti-Japaneseism
References
Communism in Japan
Communist terrorism
Defunct communist militant groups
Far-left politics in Japan
Left-wing militant groups in Japan
Organizations established in 1971
Terrorism in Japan
1971 establishments in Japan
The 2004 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 2, 2004, and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 31 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
New York was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry with an 18.3% margin of victory. Kerry took 58.37% of the vote to Bush's 40.08%. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Kerry would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The last Republican presidential nominee to have carried the state of New York was Ronald Reagan in 1984 and the last one to even be competitive was Bush's father George H. W. Bush in 1988. Despite being a "safe blue state", this was the best showing for a Republican candidate in a presidential election in New York since 1988 and a significant improvement over Bush's performance in 2000; this is often attributed to increased support for President Bush after the 9/11 attacks. However, New York also had Kerry's fourth largest margin of victory after Kerry's home state of Massachusetts, and neighboring Rhode Island and Vermont. New York was one of just seven states that Kerry won by double digits, the others being neighboring Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, Maryland and Illinois.
As of the 2020 United States presidential election, this is the last election in which the Republican candidate both received over 40% of the vote, and lost by less than a 20% margin in New York or Westchester County, and carried Rockland and Dutchess counties. This is also the last time that any candidate won a majority of the vote in Ontario County.
Primaries
2004 New York Democratic presidential primary
2004 New York Republican presidential primary
Campaign
Predictions
There were 12 news organizations who made state-by-state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
D.C. Political Report: Solid Democrat
Associated Press: Solid Kerry
CNN: Kerry
Cook Political Report: Solid Democrat
Newsweek: Solid Kerry
New York Times: Solid Kerry
Rasmussen Reports: Kerry
Research 2000: Solid Kerry
Washington Post: Kerry
Washington Times: Solid Kerry
Zogby International: Kerry
Washington Dispatch: Kerry
Polling
Kerry won every single pre-election poll, and all but one with a double-digit margin and with at least 49%. The final 3-poll average showed Kerry leading 55% to 38%.
Fundraising
Bush raised $11,994,227. Kerry raised $27,733,309.
Advertising and visits
Neither campaign advertised or visited the state during the fall campaign.
Results
By congressional district
Kerry won 20 of 29 congressional districts. Both candidates won a district held by the other party.
By county
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|-
! County
! Kerry%
! Kerry#
! Bush%
! Bush#
! Others%
! Others#
! Total
|-
||Albany || 60.7% || 89,323|| 37.3% || 54,872|| 2.0% || 3,004 || 145,722
|-
||Allegany || 34.1% || 6,566|| 63.9%|| 12,310 || 2.0% || 394 || 19,270
|-
||Bronx || 82.8% || 283,994|| 16.5% || 56,701 || 0.7% || 2,234 || 342,929
|-
||Broome || 50.4% || 46,281|| 47.4% || 43,568|| 2.2% || 2,041 || 91,890
|-
||Cattaraugus || 39.4% || 13,514|| 58.5% || 20,051 || 2.0% || 697 || 34,262
|-
||Cayuga || 48.6% || 17,534|| 49.2% || 17,743 || 2.1% || 775 || 36,052
|-
||Chautauqua || 44.7% || 27,257|| 53.2% || 32,434 || 2.1% || 1,253|| 60,944
|-
||Chemung || 43.7% || 17,080|| 54.6% || 21,321 || 1.7% || 674|| 39,075
|-
||Chenango || 43.5% || 9,277|| 54.3% || 11,582 || 2.3% || 482 || 21,341
|-
||Clinton || 52.2% || 17,624|| 45.4% || 15,330 || 2.3% || 782 || 33,736
|-
||Columbia || 51.2% || 15,929|| 46.5% || 14,457 || 2.3% || 717 || 31,103
|-
||Cortland || 46.9% || 10,670|| 51.0% || 11,613 || 2.1% || 477|| 22,760
|-
||Delaware || 41.2% || 8,724|| 56.5% || 11,958'' || 2.3% || 495 || 21,177|-
||Dutchess || 47.0% || 58,232|| 51.2% || 63,372 || 1.8% || 2,277 || 123,881|-
||Erie || 56.4% || 251,090|| 41.4% || 184,423 || 2.2% || 9,625 || 445,138|-
||Essex || 45.9% || 8,768|| 51.7% || 9,869 || 2.3% || 445 || 19,082|-
||Franklin || 52.1% || 9,543|| 45.8% || 8,383 || 2.1% || 390 || 18,316|-
||Fulton || 41.4% || 9,202|| 56.6% || 12,570 || 2.0% || 443 || 22,215|-
||Genesee || 37.5% || 10,331|| 60.6% || 16,725 || 1.9% || 524 || 27,580|-
||Greene || 39.9% || 8,933|| 58.0% || 12,996 || 2.1% || 469 || 22,398|-
||Hamilton || 31.0% || 1,145|| 67.0% || 2,475 || 2.0% || 75 || 3,695|-
||Herkimer || 41.2% || 11,675|| 56.6% || 16,024 || 2.2% || 611 || 28,310|-
||Jefferson || 43.5% || 16,860|| 54.7% || 21,231 || 1.8% || 709 || 38,800|-
||Kings || 74.9% || 514,973|| 24.3% || 167,149 || 0.8% || 5,658 || 687,780|-
||Lewis || 39.9% || 4,546|| 58.1% || 6,624 || 2.0% || 227 || 11,397|-
||Livingston || 38.4% || 11,504|| 59.2% || 17,729 || 2.4% || 715 || 29,948|-
||Madison || 43.3% || 13,121|| 54.6% || 16,537 || 2.1% || 629 || 30,287|-
||Monroe || 50.6% || 173,497|| 47.7% || 163,545 || 1.8% || 6,022 || 343,064|-
||Montgomery || 44.5% || 9,449|| 53.4% || 11,338 || 2.0% || 434 || 21,221|-
||Nassau || 52.2% || 323,070|| 46.6% || 288,355 || 2.2% || 6,918 || 618,343|-
||New York || 82.1% || 526,765|| 16.7% || 107,405 || 1.2% || 7,577 || 641,747|-
||Niagara || 49.3% || 47,602|| 48.8% || 47,111 || 1.9% || 1,868 || 96,581|-
||Oneida || 42.8% || 40,792|| 54.9% || 52,392 || 2.3% || 2,185|| 95,369|-
||Onondaga || 54.2% || 116,381|| 43.8% || 94,006 || 2.0% || 4,238 || 214,625|-
||Ontario || 42.2% || 21,166|| 55.9% || 27,999 || 1.9% || 945 || 50,110|-
||Orange || 43.8% || 63,394|| 54.7% || 79,089 || 1.5% || 2,190 || 144,673|-
||Orleans || 36.0% || 5,959|| 62.3% || 10,317 || 1.8% || 301 || 16,573|-
||Oswego || 46.8% || 24,133|| 51.0% || 26,325 || 2.2% || 1,149 || 51,607|-
||Otsego || 47.7% || 12,734|| 50.1% || 13,342 || 2.2% || 587 || 26,652|-
||Putnam || 42.0% || 19,575|| 56.6% || 26,356 || 2.4% || 640 || 46,571|-
||Queens || 71.7% || 433,835|| 27.4% || 165,954 || 0.9% || 5,273 || 605,062|-
||Rensselaer || 49.7% || 36,075|| 47.9% || 34,734 || 2.4% || 1,705 || 72,514|-
||Richmond || 42.7% || 68,448|| 56.4% || 90,325 || 0.8% || 1,353|| 160,126|-
||Rockland || 48.9% || 64,191|| 49.6%|| 65,130 || 1.5% || 1,910|| 131,231|-
||Saratoga || 45.6% || 48,730|| 52.5% || 56,158 || 1.9% || 1,985|| 106,873|-
||Schenectady || 51.8% || 35,971|| 46.2% || 32,066 || 2.1% || 1,432 || 69,469|-
||Schoharie || 38.7% || 5,630|| 59.0% || 8,591 || 2.3% || 338 || 14,559|-
||Schuyler || 40.1% || 3,445|| 57.7% || 4,960 || 2.2% || 185 || 8,590|-
||Seneca || 45.5% || 6,979|| 52.1% || 7,981 || 2.4% || 365|| 15,325|-
||St. Lawrence || 54.7% || 22,857|| 43.2% || 18,029 || 2.1% || 875|| 41,761|-
||Steuben || 34.3% || 14,523|| 63.8% || 26,980 || 1.8% || 781 || 42,284|-
||Suffolk || 49.5% || 315,909|| 48.5% || 309,949 || 2.0% || 12,854|| 638,712|-
||Sullivan || 48.6% || 15,034|| 49.5% || 15,319 || 2.0% || 613 || 30,966|-
||Tioga || 40.6% || 9,694|| 57.6% || 13,762 || 1.9% || 446 || 23,902|-
||Tompkins || 64.2% || 27,229|| 33.0% || 13,994 || 2.8% || 1,198 || 42,421|-
||Ulster || 54.3% || 47,602|| 43.1% || 37,821 || 2.6% || 2,289 || 87,712|-
||Warren || 43.2% || 13,405|| 54.6%|| 16,969 || 2.2% || 685 || 31,059|-
||Washington || 42.3% || 10,624|| 55.1% || 13,827 || 2.6% || 652|| 25,103|-
||Wayne || 38.1% || 15,709|| 60.0% || 24,709 || 1.9% || 802 || 41,220|-
||Westchester || 58.1% || 229,849|| 40.3% || 159,628 || 1.6% || 6,293|| 395,770|-
||Wyoming || 33.8% || 6,134|| 64.7% || 11,745 ||1.6% || 290 || 18,169|-
||Yates || 39.3% || 4,205|| 58.9% || 6,309 || 1.8% || 197 || 10,711|}
Geographic analysis
The voters of the five boroughs of New York City were the main force responsible for Kerry's decisive victory in the state. Kerry won New York City by an overwhelming margin, taking 1,828,015 votes to Bush's 587,534, a 74.99% to 24.10% victory. Excluding New York City's votes, John Kerry still would have carried New York State, but by a reduced margin, taking 2,486,265 votes to Bush's 2,375,033 votes, a 51.14% - 48.86% victory.
The New York City suburbs consist of Long Island's Nassau and Suffolk counties as well as Westchester and Rockland counties. Traditionally Republican, this area went clearly Democratic through the past few decades, with the arrival of people from New York City. However, in this area where many voters commute to Manhattan, Bush did better than expected. Although he clearly lost these counties to Gore in 2000 with 39.55% to 56.42%, or 655,665 votes to 935,456, he only lost them by a close 46.13% to 52.30%''' to Kerry. While Bush won 167,397 more votes than in 2000, Kerry lost 2,437. This can be mainly explained by the concerns of suburban moderate voters about terrorism, an issue about which they trusted Bush more than Kerry. Exit polls showed 49% of voters in New York trusted Bush to handle terrorism, as opposed to 42% for Kerry.
Upstate New York region, including all of the counties that are not part of New York City or its suburbs, is the least liberal region of the three. Its politics are very similar to those of Ohio or Pennsylvania, both key swing states and sharing conservative rural areas. Bush expanded his margin in New York City's northern exurban counties Dutchess, Orange and Putnam from 2000. Despite this, Senator Kerry still managed a slim victory in Upstate New York, with 1,553,246 votes to 1,551,971 for Bush. This was largely due to a Democratic tidal wave in the region's four largest cities--Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Albany. Kerry also ran strongly in college dominated Tompkins County and two counties with an influx of former New York City residents moving to vacation homes, Ulster County and Columbia County.
According to exit polls, Senator Kerry won both males (56%-42%) and Females (60%-40%) over the president. President Bush narrowly carried white voters in New York 50% to 49%. This was not enough to overcome Senator Kerry carrying African Americans 90% to 9%, Latinos 75% to 24% and Asians 72% to 27%. Kerry won all age groups over President Bush, with his closest wins being 52% to 47% among those aged 45–59 and 53% to 47% among those 60 and older. Kerry also won all income groups and all levels of education.
Electors
NY voters cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. New York has 31 electors because it has 29 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 31 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 31 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004, to cast their votes for president and vice president. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia meet in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from New York. All were pledged to and voted for Kerry/Edwards.
Joseph Ashton
Bill De Blasio
Molly Clifford
Lorraine Cortes-Vazquez
Inez Dickens
Danny Donahue
Herman D. Farrell
C. Virginia Fields
Emily Giske
Bea Gonzalez
Alan Hevesi
Frank Hoare
Virginia Kee
Peggy Kerry
Denise King
Len Lenihan
Bertha Lewis
Alan Lubin
Thomas J. Manton
Dennis Mehiel
June O'Neill
David Paterson
Jose Rivera
Rich Schaffer
Chung Seto
Sheldon Silver
Eliot Spitzer
Antoine Thompson
Paul Tokasz
Bill Wood
Robert Zimmerman
See also
United States presidential elections in New York
Presidency of George W. Bush
References
2004
New York
