The Afghan German Management College (AGMC) was a German-Afghan NGO. It was established at the beginning of 2006 in the German city of Koblenz. Until 2007 this institution was known under the name of Afghan Business School. The AGMC offered management knowledge in English language for students in Afghanistan. The lectures were taught via distant-learning. As of 2012, the college was in the process of ceasing operations.
Organisation
The college was headed by the Founder and President Bastian Kuhl. Dr. Andreas Philipp was the scientific counselor.
References
Education in Afghanistan
Educational organisations based in Germany
Non-profit organisations based in Rhineland-Palatinate
The following is a list of some notable Old Worthians, being former pupils of Worth School in the United Kingdom.
Politics
Ferdinand “Bongbong” Romualdez Marcos Jr. - son of former President Ferdinand Marcos and former First Lady Imelda Marcos. Vice Governor of Ilocos Norte (1980–1983); Governor of Ilocos Norte (1983–1986); member of the Philippine House of Representatives from Ilocos Norte's Second District (1992–1995); Governor of Ilocos Norte (1998–2007); Senator in the 16th Congress of the Philippines (2010–2016); 17th President of the Philippines (assumed June 30, 2022).
Ferdinand Alexander “Sandro” Araneta Marcos III - Senior Deputy Majority Floor Leader of the Philippine House of Representatives, Member of the Philippine House of Representatives from the 1st district of Ilocos Norte, the eldest son of President Bongbong Marcos and First Lady Liza Araneta-Marcos, grandson of former President Ferdinand Marcos and former First Lady Imelda Marcos.
Religion
Austen Ivereigh, founder of Catholic Voices, former deputy editor of The Tablet, director for public affairs of the former archbishop of Westminster, Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor, Fellow in Contemporary Church History at Campion Hall, Oxford University.
Michael Questier, academic, scholar and historian, focusing on historiography and epistemology of early modern politico-religious history, publishing monographs on post-Reformation history, and English Catholicism between the early Reformation and the English Civil War.
John MacWilliam, M. Afr., White Father and summoned by the Holy See as elect to the role of Bishop of Laghouat in Algeria; has served as Superior Provincial for North Africa (covering Algeria and Tunisia) since 2015.
Nobility
Sir Dermot de Trafford, 6th Baronet, VRD, invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, director of Imperial Continental Gas Association in 1963,chairing Calor Gas,on the board of BNP Paribas.
Anthony Noel, 5th Earl of Gainsborough, President, British Association, Sovereign Military Order of Malta, (1968–74); Knight of the Venerable Order of St John (1970); Chairman of the Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth from 1970 to 1980.
Francis Ormsby-Gore, 6th Baron Harlech and sat as a Conservative member of the House of Lords.
Rhodri Philipps, 4th Viscount St Davids, also holds the titles of Baron Strange of Knockin (1299), Baron Hungerford (1426), and Baron de Moleyns (1445), and the baronetcy of Picton Castle (1621). He is also a co-heir to the barony of Grey de Ruthyn and married into the titled lineage of Lady St Davids. He is bearer of the Coat of arms of Rhodri Philipps, 4th Viscount St Davids.
Prince Robert of Luxembourg, member of the Grand Ducal Family of Luxembourg, cousin of the reigning grand duke of Luxembourg, president of Domaine Clarence Dillon, and 12th in the line of succession to the Luxembourger throne.
Sport
Onochie Achike, track and field athlete. Achike represented Great Britain in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
Tim Hutchings, middle and long-distance runner, represented Great Britain, winning medals in the 1986 European Championship, at the 1986 Commonwealth Games and in the 1984 Olympic Games .
Nigel Laughton, captain in the Black Watch,pilot with the Army Air Corps,director and head of cricket for the Board of Control for Cricket in India for the Indian Premier League and team leader for Team GB at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Tom Mitchell, England rugby sevens captain; represents England in rugby sevens, won a silver medal representing Great Britain in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Henry Surtees, racing driver, son of John Surtees.Raced in Formula Renault UK series and at Silverstone's National Circuit. Signed up to FIA Formula Two Championship and scored a podium in races at Brands Hatch.
Nick Walshe, rugby union scrum-half for England,represented the England A national rugby union team.
Art, Entertainment and Music
Robert Bathurst, actor. Member of Cambridge University Footlights; has appeared in The House of Eliott, The Detectives, Hornblower, Terry Jones' The Wind in the Willows and Agatha Christie's Poirot.
Harry Enfield, comedian and actor and descendant of noted Victorian era moneyer of the Royal Mint, Edward Enfield.
Peter Jonas (director) (14 October 1946 – 22 April 2020[1]) , of Ashkenazi, Jamaican and Lebanese ancestry, CBE, FRCM, FRSA, manager of the English National Opera (1993), director of Bavarian State Opera (Staatsintendant), awarded the Bayerische Verfassungsmedaille, Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, Knight Bachelor, Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art.
Jim Piddock, actor and author, appeared in Lethal Weapon 2, Austin Powers, Batman (voice actor) and Independence Day.
Matt Preston, journalist for the counterculture, Proto-punk City Limits, restaurant critic and MasterChef Australia judge.
Luke Elwes, artist, and, in 1998,was Artist-in-residence on an expedition to Mount Kailash.
Broadcasting
James Longman is an English journalist and foreign correspondent for US network ABC News. Previously, he worked at the BBC.
Christopher Price, journalist and presenter, best known as the original host of BBC celebrity news show Liquid News.
Dominic Waghorn, British journalist, Diplomatic Editor of Sky News. Waghorn was awarded the Royal Television Society Television Journalist of the Year and News Item of the Year in 2007, for a series of investigative reports in China. He also won Foreign Press Association Journalist of the Year Award, the One World Media Journalist of the Year Award, and a Golden Nymph for Best TV News Item in the Monte Carlo TV Festival. He is based at Sky News' Washington Bureau.
Business
Sir David Charles Maurice Bell is director of Pearson Group and chairman of the Financial Times, Chair of the Syndicate of Cambridge University Press,Chair of the Media Standards Trust, administering the Orwell Prize,assessor on the Leveson Inquiry, chairman of Crisis UK until 2012 and trustee of Common Purpose UK. He was made a Knight Bachelor in the Queen's 2004 Birthday Honours.
Sir John Chisholm, FREng, CEng, FIEE, FRAeS , FInstP, chairman of the Medical Research Council and QinetiQ in 2010.
Michael Spencer has been described as the richest self-made person in the City of London and a "City grandee". According to the Sunday Times Rich List in 2021, he is worth an estimated £1.2 billion, and was awarded a peerage in the 2020 Political Honours list.
Fernando Zobel de Ayala, director of the Bank of the Philippine Islands,Member of the World Economic Forum, Member of the World Presidents' Organization, Trustee, Pilipinas Shell Foundation and president of Ayala Corporation,awarded with the Philippine Legion of Honor, Rank of Grand Commander.
Jaime Augusto Zobel de Ayala, chairman of Ayala Corporation,Chairman, Bank of the Philippine Islands, chairman, Globe Telecom, Inc., chair, Harvard Business School Asia-Pacific Advisory Board, Member, JP Morgan International Council, Member, Council for Inclusive Capitalism with the Vatican City.
Military
Air Vice-Marshall David Hawkins, Member of the British Empire, air vice-marshal, Commandant-General of the RAF Regiment, Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, officer of the Royal Household, Lieutenant in the Royal Victorian Order and Deputy Lord-Lieutenant for Greater London.
Neil Laughton (born 31 October 1963),former army officer of The Royal Marines, entrepreneur and adventurer who has completed the Explorers Grand Slam of climbing the highest mountains on all seven continents and reaching both the North and South Poles. He holds a number of records for his activities on land, sea and air. The Royal Geographical Society selected him for the Ness Award in 2005 and is Chairman of the Society for Scientific Exploration.
General Sir Patrick Sanders, British Army officer, awarded the Distinguished Service Order, appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, Colonel Commandant and President of the Honourable Artillery Company, full general and Commander of Joint Forces Command, and appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2020 New Year Honours.
Other
Michael Aris, historian of Tripiṭaka, Sthavira nikāya, Mahāsāṃghika schools, Abhidharma, Vinaya, Theravada, Mahayana and Vajrayana Buddhism and ancient collections of Buddhist texts, tutor to the Bhutanese royal family and husband of Aung San Suu Kyi, Burmese politician, diplomat, author, and Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
Philip Mould, OBE, valuer for the National Lottery Heritage Fund ,art adviser to the House of Commons and the House of Lords, art dealer and historian.
Andrew Murray, chair of the Stop the War Coalition (2001 until 2016), member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and journalist for the radical Marxist journals of praxis, historiography, epistemology and dialectic, Soviet Novosti news agency, Morning Star and Tribune.[4][5] trade union official and journalist, adviser to Jeremy Corbyn from 2018 to 2020. Murray served on the Communist Party of Britain executive committee from 2000 to 2004, supporting the Respect Coalition.
Michael Questier, academic and historian, British Academy Postdoctoral Fellow at King's College London, Visiting Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford.
See also
:Category:People educated at Worth School
References
People educated by school in West Sussex
Worthians
Worth School
The Anatomist may refer to:
Film and theatre
The Anatomist, a 1696 play by Edward Ravenscroft
Several fictionalized accounts of the Burke and Hare murders, including:
A 1930 play by James Bridie, and subsequent 1937 television treatment
A 1939 film adaptation of Bridie's play, starring Bruce Seton
A 1948 London stage play starring Alastair Sim
A 1956 British television film starring Alistair Sim, released theatrically in the US in 1961
The Anatomist by James Bridie, a 1980 film treatment directed by Julian Amyes
Literature
The Anatomist (novel), a 1996 novel by Federico Andahazi
The Anatomist (book), a 2008 book by Bill Hayes, about Gray's Anatomy
Sheena Josselyn is a Canadian neuroscientist and a full professor of psychology and physiology at Hospital for Sick Children and The University of Toronto. Josselyn studies the neural basis of memory, specifically how the brain forms and stores memories in rodent models. She has made critical contributions to the field of Neuronal Memory Allocation and the study of engrams.
Early life and education
Josselyn was born in Cleveland, Ohio but grew up in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Josselyn completed her undergraduate education at Queen's University University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Following her undergraduate degree, Josselyn completed a masters in clinical psychology under the mentorship of Dr. Rick Beninger. In her Masters, Josselyn published two first author papers, the first studying the modulatory effects of adenosine on dopamine in the striatum and the second on the interaction between neuropeptide Y and antipsychotics in the nucleus accumbens.
Josselyn then moved to Toronto to complete her PhD in psychology and neuroscience at the University of Toronto. Under the mentorship of Dr. Franco Vaccarino, Josselyn studied the effects of CCKB and CCKA modulation on associative learning and published multiple first author papers. Following her PhD, Josselyn completed her postdoctoral work at Yale University in New Haven under the mentorship of Dr. Mike Davis. Shortly after, she moved to LA to complete another postdoc under the mentorship of Dr. Alcino J. Silva at the University of California Los Angeles. Josselyn helped discover the importance of CREB in memory formation and retrieval which led to probing the molecular mechanisms and biological purpose of forgetting.
Career and research
After finishing her postdoctoral work, Josselyn moved back to Toronto to start her lab at SickKids Hospital at the University of Toronto. Her overall goal is to understand how humans learn and remember such that one day her work can impact translational research at her institute and in her community. Some of Josselyn's early discoveries include discovering that CREB over-expression in the auditory thalamus increases memory and fear, and further, that ablating neurons that highly expressed CREB after fear learning actually ablates fear memories in rodent. These were some of the first findings isolating specific neurons representing a specific memory in the brain. Josselyn's multidisciplinary approach to tackling questions regarding memories led her to several prestigious awards and recognitions including becoming a member of the Royal Society of Canada in 2018 for her research.
Awards
2018 Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada
Daniel H. Efron Research Award from American College of Neuropsychopharmacology
Innovations in Psychopharmacology Award from Canadian College of Neuropsychopharmacology
Brenda Milner Lecturer (University of Lethbridge)
Bryan Kolb Lecturer in Behavioural Neuroscience (University of Calgary)
Canada Research Chair (CRC) in brain circuits and cognition Tier I
Publications
Josselyn, S.A., Köhler, S., Frankland, P.W. (2017). Heroes of the engram. Journal of Neuroscience, 37(18), 4647–4657. Heroes of the Engram
Rashid, A.S., Yan, C., Mercaldo, V., ... Josselyn, S. (2016). Competition between engrams influences fear memory formation and recall. Science, 22(353), 383–87. Competition between engrams influences fear memory formation and recall
Hsiang, H.L., Epp, J.R., van den Oever, M.,... Josselyn, S. (2014). Manipulating a “cocaine engram” in mice. Journal of Neuroscience 34(42), 14115–14127. DOI: Manipulating a “Cocaine Engram” in Mice
Han, J.H., Kushner, S.A., Yiu, A.P.,... Josselyn, S. (2009). Selective erasure of a fear memory. Science, 323(5920), 1492–1496. DOI: Selective Erasure of a Fear Memory
Han, J.H., Kushner, S.A., Yiu, A.P.,... Josselyn, S. (2007). Neuronal competition and selection during memory formation. Science, 316(5823), 457–60. DOI: Neuronal Competition and Selection During Memory Formation
References
University of Toronto faculty
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian neuroscientists
Women neuroscientists
"Thy Will" is a Christian country song recorded by American singer and songwriter Hillary Scott for her collaborative album with the Scott Family, Love Remains (2016). Scott co-wrote the faith-affirming song with Bernie Herms and Emily Weisband. It was released April 22, 2016 as the lead single from the record and impacted Christian and country radio formats.
Commercially, "Thy Will" was a moderate crossover hit; it reached the top of the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart in July 2016 and also reached 27 on the magazine's Hot Country Songs chart. Scott had previously experienced success in the country music genre as a member of the popular trio Lady A.
It won Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
Composition
"Thy Will" was produced by Ricky Skaggs with assistance from Bernie Herms and lasts for three minutes and fifty-seven seconds. The ballad is built on a piano melody and an orchestral arrangement that draws on elements of gospel music. As the song progresses, the backing instrumental builds to "keep up with her emotions," until it reaches its "swell" at the bridge. According to the sheet music published by Alfred Publishing Company, "Thy Will" is set in compound duple time () with a "gentle" tempo of approximately 55 BPM. It is composed in the key of C minor and follows a chord progression of Cm–B–Gm–A, with Scott's vocals ranging from the note of E to C.
Lyrically, "Thy Will" is a plea for explanation from God about difficulties facing the narrator. Written by Scott after experiencing a miscarriage in 2015, the song finds her learning to accept her circumstances and move forward knowing that God has a plan. The hook, "thy will be done," was derived from Scott's own prayers around the time of her loss.
Reception
Critical
The staff of country music blog, Taste of Country, wrote that "it's the arrangement that truly sets this song apart from anything on the radio or in country music right now," while praising Scott's vulnerability and the song's spiritual message.
Commercial
"Thy Will" entered the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart at No. 6 on the chart date May 14, 2016. It debuted at No. 2 and No. 31 on the Christian Digital Songs and Christian Airplay component charts, respectively. The song reached the top spot on the Hot Christian Songs chart dated July 30, 2016. It also reached No. 1 on Christian Airplay, on the chart dated September 24, 2016. On the country music charts, "Thy Will" entered the Hot Country Songs at No. 33 on the chart date May 14, 2016. It debuted at No. 22 on the Country Digital Songs component chart, with 11,000 units sold. "Thy Will" has since reached a peak position of No. 27 on the Country Songs chart dated October 1, 2016. The song has not entered the Billboard Hot 100 but did debut and peak at No. 12 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles extension chart. "Thy Will" has sold 248,000 copies in the United States as of January 2017.
Music video
An accompanying music video was directed by Shane Drake and premiered June 20, 2016. The video sees Scott isolated in the woods, where she comes across a knotted rope in a stream. Flashes of thorns, as well as the knots in the rope, are interpreted by Jon Freeman of Rolling Stone to be symbolic of the struggles Scott's character faces, with her eventual disentanglement representing her rising above the tragedy. The music video has reached over 20 million views as of October 2020.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year end charts
Decade-end charts
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Universal Music Group singles
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Hillary Scott
Songs written by Bernie Herms
Song recordings produced by Ricky Skaggs
Songs written by Emily Weisband
Hillary Scott songs
Paintsville-Prestonsburg Combs Field is a publicly owned, private-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southeast of the central business district of Paintsville, in Johnson County, Kentucky, United States. It is owned by the Paintsville-Prestonsburg Air Board. The airport officially opened on August 1, 1964.
Facilities and aircraft
Paintsville-Prestonsburg Combs Field covers an area of at an elevation of 624 feet (190 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 13/31 which measures 3,070 by 75 feet (936 by 23 meters).
For the 12-month period ending December 21, 2005, the airport had 5,830 aircraft operations, an average of 15 per day: 3,000 itinerant general aviation, 1,500 local general aviation, 1,300 air taxi and 30 military. At that time there were 10 aircraft based at this airport, all single-engined.
References
External links
Aerial photo on March 16, 1995 from USGS The National Map via MSR Maps
Airports in Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Johnson County, Kentucky
The 2012–13 Florida Gators men's basketball team represented the University of Florida in the sport of basketball during the 2012–13 college basketball season. The Gators competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They were led by head coach Billy Donovan, and played their home games in the O'Connell Center on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus.
The Gators finished the SEC regular season with a 14–4 conference record, earning their sixth SEC regular season championship. As a No. 3 seed in the 2013 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament, the Gators advanced to the Elite Eight for the third consecutive year where they were defeated by Michigan.
Previous season
The Gators finished the 2011–12 season with a record of 26–11 overall, a 10–6 record in SEC play and lost in the Elite Eight round of the NCAA tournament to Louisville. Freshman shooting guard Bradley Beal, who finished second on the team in scoring average, decided to forgo his sophomore season and enter the 2012 NBA draft. He was selected by the Washington Wizards with the third overall pick.
Roster
Coaches
NOTES:
Rashon Burno was hired as an assistant coach on April 12, 2012. The position became available after Norm Roberts resigned to become an assistant coach at Kansas.
Team statistics
As of March 31, 2013.
Indicates team leader in specific category.
Retrieved from Gatorzone.com
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#0021A5; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#0021A5; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#0021A5; color:#FFFFFF;"| SEC regular season
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#0021A5; color:#FFFFFF;"| SEC Tournament
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#0021A5; color:#FFFFFF;"| NCAA tournament
NOTES:
Game played aboard the USS Bataan at Naval Station Mayport in Jacksonville, Florida.
The game was suspended due to condensation on the court at halftime with the Gators leading 27–23. It was not made up.
Rankings
Awards and honors
Michael Frazier II
SEC Freshman of the Week (11/26/12–12/3/12). Frazier scored 17 points while shooting 5-for-8 from three-point range in a win over Marquette.
SEC Freshman of the Week (2/11/13–2/18/13). Frazier scored 18 points while shooting 6-for-7 from three-point range in a road victory over Auburn.
Scottie Wilbekin
SEC Player of the Week (1/21/13–1/28/13). Wilbekin averaged 15 points and 6 assists in two wins over Georgia and Mississippi State.
References
Florida
Florida Gators men's basketball seasons
Florida
Florida Gators men's basketball team
Florida Gators men's basketball team
The United States national rugby league team represents the United States in international rugby league football competitions. The team is managed by the USA Rugby League (USARL).
The United States competed with little success in some international games during the 1950s, but did not return to consistent competition until 1987. With the establishment of the American National Rugby League (AMNRL) in 1997, the team began to participate in more regular international competition, reaching the quarterfinals of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup. In 2014, the USARL became the national governing body for rugby league in the U.S.
History
Early years
One of the earliest attempts to introduce rugby league to the United States was in 1953, when wrestling promoter, Mike Dimitro was asked to organize a tour of Australasia by an American rugby league team.
The team, known as the American All-Stars, was given a huge schedule that included 26 matches against Australian and New Zealand sides. None of the 22 American players had ever played rugby league prior to this tour, they presented themselves in American football-like attire early on in the tournament. The team only won six games and tied two.
Their second match of the tour, against a Sydney side, drew a crowd of 65,453 at the Sydney Cricket Ground. After a consistent lack of competition, crowds were good but never reached the great height that the match at the SCG did.
The tour did not in turn bring any benefits to American rugby league. However, Mike Dimitro did not give up; he was able to organise two exhibitions against Australia and New Zealand in California that did not turn out to be a big success.
1987–1999: Revival
In 1987, the United States played their first international game since 1954 against Canada and built upon this by competing in the World Sevens tournaments between 1997 and 2002.
In 1997, Super League America, who organised the national team, were dissolved and replaced by the American National Rugby League in 2001. The United States Tomahawks warmed up for the 2000 Emerging Nations World Cup with a three-match trip to New South Wales, Australia. On Friday August 11, they took on Forster XIII, drawn from Forster's two clubs, the Hawks and the Dragons. The Americans were defeated 32–12. They also played the South Sydney Rabbitohs at the old Redfern Oval during Souths' appeal to return to the Australian NRL.
2000–2010: Regular competition
In 2001, as a response to the September 11 attacks, the AMNRL set up a rugby league match between local USA born players (USA All Stars) and AMNRL players who were born overseas (World Allies All Stars). The match was won by the USA All Stars 27–26. Proceeds from the game were donated to the Red Cross to help with cleanup operations. Since 2002, the Tomahawks have been playing regular international competition in the United States. In 2002, the United States were defeated by Russia 54–10 in front of over 5,000 spectators in Moscow.
On December 1, 2004, the Tomahawks played their first ever international game against the Australian Kangaroos, the reigning World Cup champions. The game was known as the Liberty Bell Cup and was played at Franklin Field at the University of Pennsylvania and was played on a grid iron size synthetic field (Fox Sports Australia commentators Warren Smith and former Australian captain Laurie Daley reported that the Kangaroos were not too enthused about playing on the synthetic turf). It was also played in 20 minute quarters rather than the normal 40 minute halves. The Tomahawks shocked the Australians by quickly racing to a 12-0 lead in the first quarter. A third converted try just 4 minutes into the 2nd quarter saw Americans lead by the unbelievable score of 18-0 until replacement forward Petero Civoniceva sent fullback Matthew Bowen on a 60-metre run to score under the posts with 5 minutes remaining in the first half. However, a fourth converted try saw the home side lead by the World Champions 24-6 at half time. The Americans actually led for most of the game until the Kangaroos' superior fitness saw them rally in the last quarter of the game to win 36–24. Although they lost the game, many consider this to be the American's finest moment in international rugby league competition.
In October 2006, the USA were to participate in qualifying for their first World Cup. They were placed in a four team Atlantic qualifying pool along with South Africa, West Indies and Japan. South Africa and the West Indies withdrew from qualifying so therefore the group was reduced to a single game between the US and Japan which the USA won 54–18. They then advanced to play Samoa in the Repechage Semi Final where they lost 42–10 to Samoa. Despite playing well against Samoa and coming within two games of qualifying for the World Cup, the United States were dropped from 14th down to 15th place when the new world rankings were released after the tournament.
In 2009 and 2010 the United States hosted other emerging North American teams in the Atlantic Cup.
2011–2013: First World Cup
In 2011, seven teams in the AMNRL domestic competition broke away to form the USA Rugby League. The AMNRL denied selection to players affiliated with USARL teams, including players who had been selected for the Tomahawks previously.
In 2012, the USA entered World Cup qualifying for the second time in another bid to qualify for their first World Cup in 2013. They began with a comprehensive 40–4 victory over the South Africa in Philadelphia, and followed it up with a 40–4 victory over Jamaica to qualify for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup for the first time.
The Tomahawks won a warm-up match against 4th-ranked France, defeating them 22–18 in Toulouse in the USA's best victory to date.
In the finals, they were drawn in a group with the Cook Islands and Wales as well as an inter-group game against Scotland. They began by beating the Cook Islands 32–0 and then Wales 24–16, before losing 22–8 to Scotland, although they still ended up winning their group. As group winners, they advanced to the quarter finals to face Australia, losing 62-0 to be eliminated from the tournament.
2014–present: USARL
Following the World Cup, the national team was put on hiatus while the governance dispute between the AMNRL and the USARL was resolved. The team subsequently lost the right to automatic qualification for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup. In November 2014, stewardship of the national team was transferred to the USARL, and the team was rebranded from Tomahawks to Hawks. Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re-secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier. The team performed the qualification tournament, held in the US, in December 2015. The team qualified for their second consecutive World Cup after winning both their matches.
The United States were drawn in a tough group with Fiji, Italy and Papua New Guinea. They lost their first game against Fiji 58-12, following it up with a 46-0 thumping by Italy and finally losing 64-0 in their final pool game against Papua New Guinea.
Coaching History Roster
Also see :Category:United States national rugby league team coaches.
Current squad
Head coach: Sean Rutgerson
Squad selected for the 2019 Rugby League World Cup 9s:
Squad selected for the 2021 Rugby League World Cup qualifiers:
Sean Hunt
Nick Newlin
Ryan Burroughs
Mike Elias
Brandon Anderson
Rafael Mendez
Jay Robinson
Dane Wilcoxen
Jerome Veve
Joel Luani
Chris Wiggins
Bureta Faraimo
Junior Vaivai
Kyle Grinold
David Washington
Joe Eichner
Chris Frazier
Kyle Denham
Andrew Kneisly
Corey Makelim
Mark Offerdahl
Curtis Goddard
Connor Donehue
Cody Blackwell
Justin Branca
Eddie Pettybourne
Sonny Pettybourne
Danny Howard
Kristian Freed
CJ Cortalano
Players
Competitive Record
USA national side's competitive record up to date as of 25 April 2021.
World Cup
The USA have competed in 2 World Cups. In 2007 they entered into qualifying for the 2008 World Cup but were unsuccessful. However, they qualified for the following 2013 World Cup and reached the quarter finals.
Colonial Cup
The Colonial Cup is an international Cup competition between the US and Canada.
World Cup 9s
World Nines results
Tonga def. USA 26–4 (1997)
Fiji def. USA 18–8 (1997)
Cook Islands def. USA 24–6 (1997)
Papua New Guinea def. USA 38–8 (1997)
Western Samoa def. USA 30–10 (1997)
Australia def. USA 24–0 (1997)
Cook Islands def. USA 22–0 (1996)
USA def. Morocco 18–4 (1996)
Western Samoa def. USA 14–6 (1996)
Australia def. USA 30–16 (1996)
Scotland def. USA 12–6 (1996)
World Sevens results
Illawarra def. USA* 18–6 (1997) *unofficial team
USA* def. Japan 18–14 (1997) *unofficial team
Italy def. USA* 22–0 (1997) *unofficial team
Gold Coast def. USA* 40–8 (1996) *unofficial team
USA* def. Japan 20–8 (1996) *unofficial team
Melbourne def. USA* 18–14 (1996) *unofficial team
Australian Aboriginals def. USA* 28–0 (1996) *unofficial team
Tonga def. USA 20–4 (1995)
USA def. Russia 28–8 (1995)
USA def. Italy 22–4 (1995)
USA def. Russia 20–6 (1995)
Sydney Tigers def. USA 24–10 (1995)
South Africa def. USA 20–8 (1994)
New Zealand def. USA 20–12 (1994)
France def. USA 18–12 (1994)
Wainuiomata def. USA 34–8 (1993)
South Sydney def. USA 28–6 (1993)
Illawarra def. USA 28–4 (1993)
Fiji def. USA 30–10 (1992)
USA def. CIS Red Arrows 12–8 (1992)
South Sydney def. USA 12–0 (1992)
Newcastle def. USA 16–0 (1992)
Student results
USA def. Japan 54–10 (1996)
Wales def. USA 22–18 (1996)
Western Samoa def. USA 82–8 (1996)
New Zealand def. USA 62–10 (1996)
USA def. Ireland 22–20 (1996)
Other representative results
USA All Stars def. World Allies All Stars 27–26 (2001)
Sydney def. USA All Stars 52–25 (1953)
Stadium
Since 2009, the USA have primarily used Hodges Stadium in Jacksonville to host international rugby league matches. Garthwaite Stadium in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania has also hosted several international rugby league fixtures.
See also
United States women's national rugby league team
References
External links
American National Rugby League official site
Google-Video
American All Stars RL Team – rl1908.com
American National Rugby League
National rugby league teams
Rugby leagues in the United States
The , signed as Route 5, is one of the routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area. It is an intercity route that travels in an east to west direction from Suminoe-ku, Osaka to Tarumi-ku, Kobe. It has a total length of .
See also
References
External links
Roads in Hyōgo Prefecture
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
5
1991 establishments in Japan
Presidential elections were held in Guinea for the first time on 15 January 1961. Incumbent Ahmed Sékou Touré, who had automatically become President when the country gained independence in 1958, was the only candidate (as the country as a one-party state with his Democratic Party of Guinea as the sole legal party at the time), and was re-elected unopposed.
Results
References
Guinea
Presidential elections in Guinea
1961 in Guinea
Single-candidate elections
One-party elections
"L'amour est bleu" (; "Love Is Blue") is a song whose music was composed by André Popp, and whose lyrics were written by Pierre Cour, in 1967. Bryan Blackburn later wrote English-language lyrics for it. First performed in French by Greek singer Vicky Leandros (appearing as Vicky) as the entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1967, it has since been recorded by many other musicians, most notably French orchestra leader Paul Mauriat, whose familiar instrumental version (recorded in late 1967) became the only number-one hit by a French lead artist to top the Billboard Hot 100 in America.
The song describes the pleasure and pain of love in terms of colours (blue and grey) and elements (water and wind). The English lyrics ("Blue, blue, my world is blue …") focus on colours only (blue, grey, red, green, and black), using them to describe components of lost love. The English version by Vicky Leandros also appeared as "Colours of Love" in some locations including the UK.
Eurovision Song Contest
The Greek-born 17-year-old Vicky Leandros represented Luxembourg at the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest, where she performed "L'amour est bleu" as the second song of the contest. At the close of voting, the song had received 17 points, placing it fourth in a field of 17, behind "Il doit faire beau là-bas" (France), "If I Could Choose" (Ireland) and the winning song, "Puppet on a String" (United Kingdom).
Despite not winning the Eurovision, Leandros recorded the song in many different languages for release in 19 countries. The song was a modest hit in Europe, and had some success in Japan and Canada (No. 40). The versions she recorded aside from French included English (as "Love Is Blue"), German ("Blau wie das Meer"), Italian ("L'amore è blu") and Dutch ("Liefde is zacht").
The song achieved greater success through cover versions of the song by other artists. Some forty years after its original release, "L'amour est bleu", along with Domenico Modugno's "Nel blu dipinto di blu" (better known as "Volare") and Mocedades' "Eres tú", still counts as one of very few non-winning Eurovision entries ever to become a worldwide hit. The song has since become a favourite of Contest fans, most notably appearing as part of a medley introducing the semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in Athens, one of only three non-winning songs to be involved (the others being "Dschinghis Khan" and "Nel blu dipinto di blu").
It was succeeded as Luxembourgish representative at the 1968 contest by Chris Baldo & Sophie Garel with "Nous vivrons d'amour". Vicky Leandros went on to win the Contest five years later with the song "Après toi", again representing Luxembourg.
Charts
Paul Mauriat version
According to Paul Mauriat, who conducted/recorded an orchestral "easy listening" version of "Love Is Blue", he chose the song because it was published by his label, Philips Records even though he was not fond of the song. A DJ in Minneapolis played the recording and asked the audience to respond, and was inundated phone calls about the song, and interest in the song then quickly spread around the country.
The song became a number-one hit in the USA for five weeks in February and March 1968, the first recording by a French artist to top the Billboard Hot 100. (It remained the only French song to top the chart until 2017, when Daft Punk was a featured artist on Canadian artist The Weeknd's number-one hit "Starboy".) Mauriat's version became a gold record, and its five-week run at the top is the second longest of any instrumental of the Hot 100 era, after "Theme from A Summer Place". The song also spent 11 weeks atop Billboard's Easy Listening survey, and held the longest-lasting title honours on this chart for 25 years. Billboard ranked the record as the No. 2 song for 1968. It is the best-known version of the song in the United States. The Mauriat recording also reached No. 2 in Canada (No. 12 Year End), and No. 12 on the UK Singles Chart. The Mauriat album containing "Love Is Blue", Blooming Hits, also reached No. 1 on the Billboard Top LP's and Tapes chart for five weeks. The song sold fewer than 30,000 units in France, but 2 million singles and 800,000 LPs were sold in the US.
Mauriat's version was featured repeatedly in an episode of Chris Carter's television series Millennium titled "A Room with No View", which originally aired on 24 April 1998 on the Fox Network. During the episode, the omnipresent melody is used by a kidnapper to brainwash a group of youths. His version is also briefly heard in The Simpsons episodes "There's No Disgrace Like Home" and "The Blue and the Gray." It was played over the closing credits of Mad Men'''s sixth-season episode "The Flood", which takes place during April 1968. The harpsichord riff from Mauriat's version was also sampled by the English electronica duo J Walk in their song "French Letter", as part of their 2002 album A Night on the Rocks.
Charts
Weekly charts
All-time charts
Other covers
Three other songs charted on Billboard'' Hot 100 together with Paul Mauriat's version at the same time in 1968. Al Martino's "Love is Blue" peaked at No. 57 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 3 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts, and was the title song of one of his 1968 albums. Claudine Longet's "Love Is Blue (L'Amour Est Bleu)" peaked at No. 71, while Manny Kellem's version reached No. 100.
Jeff Beck recorded a "rock" interpretation of Mauriat's version in 1968. It reached No. 20 in Ireland, and No. 23 on the UK Singles Chart.
The Dells recorded a soul medley, "I Can Sing a Rainbow/Love Is Blue", which reached No. 22 in the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 5 in the Billboard R&B Singles charts in the US, No. 10 in the Dutch chart, No. 18 in Ireland, and No. 16 in the UK charts, in 1969.
References
External links
Official Eurovision Song Contest site, history by year, 1967.
1967 songs
1968 singles
Songs written by Pierre Cour
Songs written by André Popp
Jeff Beck songs
Andy Williams songs
Mercy (band) songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
Eurovision songs of 1967
Eurovision songs of Luxembourg
French-language songs
Philips Records singles
1960s instrumentals
Charles A. Heimbold Jr. (born May 27, 1933) is an American businessman and diplomat, who was Chairman and CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and as U.S. Ambassador to Sweden. His son is American musician Pete Francis Heimbold, of Dispatch fame.
Biography
He is an honors graduate of Villanova University, having graduated in 1954, and of the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1960, where he was a member of the University of Pennsylvania Law Review. He also received a Master of Laws degree from New York University and completed a program at The Hague Academy of International Law in the summer of 1959.
Heimbold served as Chairman and CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
Heimbold was nominated by President George W. Bush as U.S. Ambassador to Sweden on April 13, 2001. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 1, and sworn in on September 12 in New York City. Heimbold presented his credentials to King Carl XVI Gustaf in Stockholm on September 26, 2001.
His son is American musician Pete Francis Heimbold, of Dispatch fame.
Charles ("Chuck") W. Mooney Jr. is the Charles A. Heimbold, Jr. Professor of Law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
References
Sources
Charles A. Heimbold, Jr., Former U.S. Ambassador to Sweden
A Brief History of Bristol-Myers Squibb
Ambassadors of the United States to Sweden
Villanova University alumni
New York University alumni
Living people
1933 births
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
Secret Dealers was a factual game show that aired on ITV. From 27 September 2010 to 2 January 2017.
Format
The shows are recorded with members of the public in their homes. Homeowners have to choose between sentimental attachment and money offers for their possessions. Three antiques dealers go into their homes to bid for items they want to buy. Independent valuers put an estimate on how much they think the items are worth. This figure is revealed to the seller and the audience at home. Items are found by the dealers, who make their own valuation and try to purchase them by placing a cash offer on items around the home and give some advice or information on the Antiques. The bids are left in sealed envelopes next to the desired items and the offers are kept secret from fellow dealers until the homeowners opens them. From series three the Dealers would come together with the homeowners to reveal the bids and were now allowed to revise offers by upping their bid when the homeowners see their offer. The seller then decides whether to accept or decline the deal. If they think it is worth more it will often end in a bidding war to see what dealer will pay the best price and take the item.
The show was revamped for series 3 with dramatic music and new titles with the presenter role dropped and a change in the format. In the first and second series the presenter would be present with the homeowner and a choice would be given to accept or decline with the occasional option for the dealers to appear and up there bids. As the presenter role was dropped this part of the show was altered. The dealers would now come face to face with the homeowner after the bids are placed. Each of the dealers bids are then revealed for the particular item. The dealers then have a chance to up there price going head to head against each other until the best offer is given. Another notable difference from 3 included several dealers dropped; leaving the eight most popular as chosen by members of the public.
The Dealers
Alison Chapman
Karen Dalmeny
David Ford
Tim Hogarth
Mike Melody
Simon Schneider
Christopher Selkirk
Mark Stevens
Transmissions
The first and second series re-runs on Pluto TV. It can also be streamed on Amazon Prime.
Awards
References
External links
2010 British television series debuts
English-language television shows
ITV (TV network) original programming
The 1954 FIFA World Cup qualification Group 6 contained Spain and Turkey.
Table
Matches
Spain and Turkey finished level on points, and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify.
Turkey qualified after drawing lots. Since the 1970 FIFA World Cup finals, goal difference has been used as a tiebreaker for future qualifying rounds. Had those rules been in place, Spain would have qualified, and Turkey would have been eliminated. A 14-year-old local (i.e. Roman) boy whose father worked at the stadium, Luigi Franco Gemma, picked Turkey's name from the lots with his eyes blindfolded.
Team stats
Head coach: Sandro Puppo
Head coach: Luis Iribarren
References
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF – 1954 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
6
qual
1953–54 in Spanish football
The Democratic Confederation of Labour (CDT) is the third largest national trade union centre in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
References
Trade unions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
International Trade Union Confederation
Kinshasa
The World of the Unexplained were two museums, opened in 1972 by Ripley's Believe It or Not!, one at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco () and one in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, originally called "Museum of Witchcraft and Magic".
Ripley's had acquired the late Gerald B. Gardner's collection of witchcraft items from Wiccan Monique Wilson, and displayed them in the museums.
In 1975, due to pressure from the local churches and religious groups in the area, Ripley's changed their names to "World of the Unexplained" and re-outfitted them with new attractions. With the popularity of the television show "In Search Of", Ripley's hired the show's narrator, Leonard Nimoy, to film a short introduction to visitors at the entrance to the museums.
The museums displayed not only witchcraft attractions but new ones that featured Bigfoot, flying saucers, the Bermuda Triangle, werewolves, and a fortune teller with a talking crystal ball. In 1985, the museums closed down for good, due to poor ticket sales.
Ripleys' relocated all the attractions to other Ripley's Odditoriums around the US and Canada. The Gatlinburg location is no longer operated by Ripley's. The building in San Francisco is a Ripleys' Believe It or Not Odditorium.
References
Ripley's World of the Unexplained
SECRET FUN BLOG: WORLD OF THE UNEXPLAINED MUSEUM BROCHURE
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
Museums established in 1972
Museums in San Francisco
Museums in Sevier County, Tennessee
1972 establishments in California
1985 disestablishments in California
Wicca in the United States
Gatlinburg, Tennessee
Defunct museums in California
1970s in modern Paganism
The Secret Six is the name of four distinct, fictional comic book teams in the . Each team has had six members, led by a mysterious figure named Mockingbird, whom the characters assume to be one of the six themselves.
First team (1968–1969)
August Durant
Lili de Neuve
Carlo di Rienzi
Tiger Force (Mike Tempest)
Crimson Dawn (Kit Dawn or Kim Dawn)
King Savage
Second team (1988–1989)
August Durant
Mitch Hoberman
Ladonna Jameal
Tony Mantegna
Luke McKendrick
Vic Sommers
Dr. Maria Verdugo
Third team (2005–2011)
Cheshire
Deadshot
The Fiddler
Parademon
Rag Doll
Scandal Savage
Catman
Knockout
Mad Hatter
Harley Quinn
Bane
Jeannette
Black Alice
King Shark
Dwarfstar
Lady Vic
Giganta
Fourth team, New 52 (2015-2016)
Catman
Black Alice
Strix
Ventriloquist (Shauna Belzer)
Porcelain
Big Shot
Fifth team, The Infected
The Commissioner (Jim Gordon)
King Shazam (Billy Batson/Shazam)
Scarab (Jaime Reyes/Blue Beetle)
Deathbringer (Donna Troy)
Supergirl (Kara Zor-El)
Sky Tyrant (Carter Hall/Hawkman)
The Batman Who Laughs
References
Secret Six
Semedraž is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 264 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
William Banks (born 2 November 1880) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Manchester City.
References
1880 births
20th-century deaths
Year of death unknown
Scottish footballers
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
Glenbuck Cherrypickers F.C. players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Manchester City F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
Nithsdale Wanderers F.C. players
The Union Pacific Challengers are a type of simple articulated 4-6-6-4 steam locomotive built by American Locomotive Company (ALCO) from 1936 to 1944 and operated by the Union Pacific Railroad until the late 1950s.
A total of 105 Challengers were built in five classes. They were nearly long and weighed 537 short tons (487 tonnes). They operated over most of the Union Pacific system, primarily in freight service, but a few were assigned to the Portland Rose and other passenger trains. Their design and operating experience shaped the design of the Big Boy locomotive type, which in turn shaped the design of the last three orders of Challengers.
Two Union Pacific Challengers survive. The most notable is Union Pacific No. 3985, which was restored by the Union Pacific in 1981, then operated in excursion service as part of its heritage fleet program. Mechanical problems forced it out of service in October 2010; it was retired in January 2020 after the restoration of the 4-8-8-4 Big Boy 4014. The only other surviving Challenger is UP No. 3977, which is on display in North Platte, Nebraska.
History
Description
The name "Challenger" was given to steam locomotives with a 4-6-6-4 wheel arrangement: four wheels in the leading pilot truck to guide the locomotive into curves, two sets of six driving wheels, and four trailing wheels to support the rear of the engine and its massive firebox. Each set of driving wheels is driven by two steam cylinders. In essence, the result is two engines under one boiler. Union Pacific developed five types of Challengers: the "light" CSA-1 and CSA-2 classes and the "heavy" 4664-3, 4664-4, and 4664-5 classes.
The railroad sought powerful locomotives that could handle mountain grades at high speeds. Previously, articulated locomotives had been limited to slow speeds by their design. Technical breakthroughs allowed the UP Challengers to operate with boiler pressure, something usually reserved for passenger locomotives like the FEF Series. They had drivers, mammoth wheels usually seen on passenger locomotives only because freight engines normally require the extra torque provided by smaller wheels. Speeds in excess of , while unheard-of on most other railroads using articulated steam locomotives, became commonplace on the Union Pacific.
When the first Challengers entered service in 1936, on the UP's main line over the Wasatch Range between Green River and Ogden, the locomotives had problems climbing the steep grades. For most of the route, the maximum grade is 0.82% in either direction, but the climb eastward from Ogden, into the Wasatch Range, reached 1.14%. Hauling a freight train demanded double heading and helper operations, and adding and removing helper engines slowed operations. Those limitations prompted the introduction of the Big Boy in 1941, as well as a redesign of the last three orders from 1942 to 1944.
Using the experience from the Big Boy, UP chief mechanical engineer, Otto Jabelmann, redesigned the last three orders of Challengers in 1941. The result was a locomotive in working order weighing some accompanied by a tender weighing when 2/3 loaded. Calculated tractive effort is . From 1941, the Challengers were intended to speed up freight operations on the grades across Wyoming; the Wasatch Range climb east from Ogden was to be conquered by the Big Boys without helpers.
Construction
The 105 locomotives were ordered in five batches: the first two of light Challengers, and the final three of heavy Challengers. Along with the Big Boys, the Challengers arrived on the scene just as traffic was surging in preparation for American participation in World War II.
As part of Union Pacific's fourth order in 1943, ALCO built thirty-one locomotives for Union Pacific using the same specifications. However, the War Production Board diverted six locomotives after completion to the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad via a lease through the War Department's Defense Plant Corporation. Locomotives 3900-3905 formed the Rio Grande's Class L-97. These were later sold to Clinchfield Railroad in 1947 and were renumbered as 670-675, where they formed the Clinchfield's Class E-3.
Preservation
Only two Challengers survive, both from the 4664-4 order built in 1943. No. 3977 is on static display in North Platte, Nebraska. No. 3985 was restored to operating condition by Union Pacific in 1981 and used in excursion service until mechanical problems sent it back into storage in October 2010. It was officially retired in January 2020 and is stored in Cheyenne, Wyoming, but has since been acquired by the Railroading Heritage of Midwest America (RRHMA), who have plans to restore the locomotive to operation once again.
See also
Union Pacific Big Boy
Union Pacific FEF Series
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Union Pacific Steam Shop Information on locomotives and excursion schedules.
UP 3985 Challenger, Steam Locomotive - photos and additional information
Union Pacific Railroad locomotives
ALCO locomotives
Simple articulated locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 1936
Xanthomicrogaster is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about six described species in Xanthomicrogaster, found in the Neotropics.
Species
These six species belong to the genus Xanthomicrogaster:
Xanthomicrogaster fortipes Cameron, 1911
Xanthomicrogaster maculata Penteado-Dias, Shimabukuro & van Achterberg, 2002
Xanthomicrogaster otamendi Martínez, 2018
Xanthomicrogaster pelides Nixon, 1965
Xanthomicrogaster sayjuhu Martínez, 2018
Xanthomicrogaster seres Nixon, 1965
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Hinako Takagi (born 1989) is a Japanese composer and pianist. She is a lecturer in composition at the Osaka College of Music. In 2019, she became the second Japanese to win first prize in the composition category of the Geneva International Music Competition. Her award-winning work "L'instant" was selected as a task piece in the oboe section of the same competition held in 2021.
Biography
Takagi was born and raised in Hyogo, Japan. In junior high, she was asked to compose a song for her class for a school event. The experience inspired her to be interested in music composition. She majored in piano in high school, and enrolled in composition major in university.
In her freshman year, she received an assignment from her teacher, Prof. Yoko Kubo, to compose "100 variations of the same piece in one year." She later said that she learned the basics of composition from this assignment.
She studied composition with Prof. Yoko Kubo and Allain Gaussin. In 2012 she was appointed as a lecturer at Osaka College of Music in Osaka, Japan.
As a music genre that one may find difficult to listen to, Takagi wants to turn contemporary music into something more familiar for everyone and find a balance between academic music theory and popularity. She has organized many small concerts with new musical arrangements to engage people's interest in contemporary music. In 2019, she composed a pantonality song called "My owner is a smartphone addict", which talks about the story of a cat named "Gorota", and his owner who is addicted to smartphone and is not interested in playing with him. From the viewpoint of the cat and the modern vocabularies used in the lyrics, the song illustrates the various issues in modern communication.
She is a fan of Takarazuka Revue. Her piece "Revue!" was inspired by the Takarazuka Revue.
Performances
In 2019, she won First Prize in the composition category of the Geneva International Music Competition a gateway for young musicians. Her award-winning work "L'instant" was selected as a task piece in the oboe section of the same competition held in 2021.
"L'instant" means "moment" in French, and was inspired by the famous painting "Candle" from the Japanese painter Yajuro Takashima. In this work, the "mystery" and "impression" of the ancient Greeks fire were revived and expressed through modern music.
In June 2020, "Lost in __" for flute solo was selected in the open call for works of PROJECT21st Masterclass (Hong Kong). This work is based on the motif of modern people under the COVID-19 situation, and will be performed in Hong Kong in the summer of 2022 by Italian flute player Mario Caroli.
In September 2020, "Messenger: 4 Studies of Clouds", with the theme of "cloud", was premiered at the recital (Osaka) of Takeshi Hidaka, the chief guest horn player of the Japan Century Symphony Orchestra.
In October 2020, she wrote and composed the school song for "Shonai Sakura Gakuen," which is scheduled to open in Toyonaka City, Osaka Prefecture. In this work, the desire to "support the children who will open up the future" and the desire to "remember the school that is no longer integrated" are included.
On October 31 2020, her piece "Revue!" was performed by percussionist Marianna Bednarska and pianist Lorenzo Soulés in the "Weekend des Lauréats du Concours de Genève" at the 2020 Geneva International Music Competition.
Awards
3rd place (Composition Division), 86th Japan Music Competition 2017 (winning work "Atmospheric circulation" for string quartet and prepared piano)
1st place (Composition), Geneva International Music Competition 2019 (winning work "L'instant")
Winner, PROJECT21st Masterclass and Concert Series (MaCS) Call-for-Score (Composition for Flute), Hong Kong
Sakuya Konohana Award (Music), Japan, 2020
Cultural Future Encouragement Award, Amagasaki City, Japan, 2020
Recognition award from the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs Japan (International Arts Division), 2021
References
1989 births
21st-century Japanese composers
21st-century Japanese women musicians
21st-century women composers
Japanese women composers
Living people
Lud ( Lūḏ) was a son of Shem and grandson of Noah, according to Genesis 10 (the "Table of Nations").
The descendants of Lud are usually, following Josephus, connected with various Anatolian peoples, particularly Lydia (Assyrian Luddu) and their predecessors, the Luwians; cf. Herodotus' assertion (Histories i. 7) that the Lydians were first so named after their king, Lydus (Λυδός). However, the chronicle of Hippolytus of Rome (c. 234 AD) identifies Lud's descendants with the Lazones or Alazonii (names usually taken as variants of the "Halizones" said by Strabo to have once lived along the Halys) while it derives the Lydians from the aforementioned Ludim, son of Mizraim.
The Book of Jubilees, in describing how the world was divided between Noah's sons and grandsons, says that Lud received "the mountains of Asshur and all appertaining to them till it reaches the Great Sea, and till it reaches the east of Asshur his brother" (Charles translation). The Ethiopian version reads, more clearly "... until it reaches, toward the east, toward his brother Asshur's portion." Jubilees also says that Japheth's son Javan received islands in front of Lud's portion, and that Tubal received three large peninsulae, beginning with the first peninsula the nearest Lud's portion. In all these cases, "Lud's portion" seems to refer to the entire Anatolian peninsula, west of Mesopotamia.
Some scholars have associated the Biblical Lud with the Lubdu of Assyrian sources, who inhabited certain parts of western Media and Atropatene.
10th century Muslim historian Ali ibn al-Husayn al-Masudi writes in his widely acclaimed historical book The Meadows of Gold and Mines of Gems that Keyumars, the first king of Persia, was the son of Lud, son of Shem.
The Muslim historian Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari (c. 915) recounts a tradition that the wife of Lud was named Shakbah, daughter of Japheth, and that she bore him "Faris, Jurjan, and the races of Persia." He further asserts that Lud was the progenitor of not only the Persians, but also the Amalekites and Canaanites, and all the peoples of the East, Oman, Hejaz, Syria, Egypt, and Bahrain.
Some creationists identify Lud as the progenitor of Haplogroup I-M170.
See also
Generations of Noah
References
Hebrew Bible nations
Noach (parashah)
Shem
Book of Genesis people
Book of Jubilees
Lydians
Kobi Yakob Arad (Hebrew: קובי ארד‎; born: October 2, 1981) is an Israeli-born American jazz pianist, composer, and music producer. He is known for being the pianist, vocalist, and bandleader of the Kobi Arad Band. He has won a Hollywood Music in Media (HMMA) Award and an Independent Music Award, both for his work as a solo artist and as part of the Kobi Arad Band.
He has collaborated with artists such as Stevie Wonder, Cindy and Carlos Santana, Jack DeJohnette, and Roy Ayers.
Early life and education
Arad was born on October 2, 1981 and raised in Haifa, Israel. He earned his bachelor's degree at Tel Aviv University and became the first musician to earn a doctorate in contemporary improvisation and third stream from the New England Conservatory of Music.
Career
While living in Israel, Arad participated as a keyboardist in a trio with Asaf Sirkis and Gabriel Mayer in the 1990s. Arad also collaborated with Stevie Wonder and his manager Stephanie Andrews at the Berklee Performance Center in 2005.
Arad released his album Sparks of Understanding in 2009, which featured an appearance from drummer Bob Moses.
Arad collaborated with recording engineer Robert Margouleff on The Experience Project in 2015. In 2015, he also released the albums Webern Re-Visioned, which consisted of re-imaginings of works by Anton Webern, and Superflow, which is a collaboration with Roy Ayers, featuring bassist Jonathan Levy.
He also recorded Ellington Upside Down, a Duke Ellington tribute CD, with the Kobi Arad Band. The album's mashup of “Take the ‘A' Train” and “It Ain't Mean a Thing” was nominated for Best Jazz Instrumental at the 17th Independent Music Awards (2019). Arad's album Segments went on to win Best Jazz Instrumental in the album category at the same event.
At the 2021 Hollywood Music in Media (HMMA) Awards, Arad won the Independent Music Artist award in Best Jazz for his performance of “Bemsha Swing” by Thelonious Monk.
Discography (selected)
Albums
Sparks of Understanding (2009)
Ancient Novice (2009)
Inner Hymns (2012)
The Experience Project (2015)
Webern Re-Visioned (2015)
Superflow (2015)
Cubism - Hyper-Dimensional Jazz (2016)
Flux - A Song Cycle for Solo Fender Rhodes (2017)
Ellington Upside Down (2017)
Segments (2018)
Intonations (2019)
Sketches of Monk (2020)
References
1981 births
Living people
American jazz pianists
American people of Israeli descent
Jewish American musicians
Jewish jazz musicians
Jazz arrangers
Jazz bandleaders
Jazz composers
Jazz keyboardists
Jazz pianists
Israeli jazz pianists
Israeli Jews
See Wai Hun also known as Wai Hun, is a Malaysian financial technology professional. She is the co-founder and CEO of JurisTech, a fintech company based in Malaysia.
Early life and education
Wai Hun enrolled her bachelor's degree in accounting at Tunku Abdul Rahman University College. Halfway through, she enrolled to a computer science program in Sedaya College. She later earned her bachelor's degree in business computing from the University of Winnipeg. She graduated as a gold medalist from the University of Winnipeg for being the best graduate in her year.
Career
Wai Hun started her career as a consultant at Ernst & Young, then later worked as a business analyst at Sistemaju before joining Sapura to develop and implement business intelligence solutions. At Sapura, Wai Hun met John Lim, a Malaysian software developer who would eventually become the Chief Technological Officer of JurisTech.
Wai Hun and John Lim started Natsoft(M) Sdn Bhd, the parent company of JurisTech; in 1997 amidst the Asian Financial Crisis. Their company was initially poised to sell data mining, AI and data analytics tools and services to banks. However the initial offering was not successful because back then, the markets weren't ready for data mining and AI solutions, also because of the Asian Financial Crisis, no one could afford them. Then Wai Hun and John Lim decided to offer debt collection and litigation software to cope with existing market needs. This new approach was an instant success for her.
Awards and accolades
In 2014, Wai Hun became an Endeavor entrepreneur, a non-profit organization.
In 2016, See Wai Hun was profiled as Digerati50 by Focus Malaysia and Digital News Asia as one of the top 50 people who would shape the digital economy in Malaysia in the coming years.
Wai Hun was featured in Chris Zook and James Allen's book The Founder's Mentality and in Freda Liu's book Bursting Fixed Mindsets,.
In 2019, Wai Hun was awarded Ernst & Young Woman Entrepreneur Of The Year award.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Malaysian businesspeople
Living people
The Good Time Songs of Glen Campbell is a double album which consists of two previously released Pickwick albums A Satisfied Mind and The Glen Campbell Album.
Track listing
Side 1:
"Only the Lonely" (Roy Orbison, Joe Melson) - 2:14
"Same Old Places" (Glen Campbell) - 2:09
"Woman's World" (W. T. Walker) - 2:10
"Heartaches Can Be Fun" (Bare, Williams) - 1:50
"Let Me Tell You 'Bout Mary" (B. Bare) - 2:05
Side 2:
"Through The Eyes Of A Child" (Jerry Capehart, Glen Campbell) - 2:40
"That's All Right" (A. Inman) - 2:18
"Prima Donna" (Jerry Fuller) - 2:29
"Can't You See I'm Tryin'" (Jerry Fuller, Glen Campbell) -2:51
Side 3:
"A Satisfied Mind" (J.H. Hayes, Jack Rhodes) - 2:01
"Weary Lonesome Blues" (Alton Delmore) - 2:15
"Truck Driving Man" (Terry Fell) - 2:00
"There's More Pretty Girls Than One" (Alton Delmore, Arthur Smith) - 2:55
"Rainin' On The Mountain" (Alton Delmore) - 2:22
Side 4:
"One Hundred Miles Away From Home" (Jerry Capehart, Glen Campbell, Nick Venet) - 3:10
"Kentucky Means Paradise" (Merle Travis) - 1:39
"Lonesome Jailhouse Blues" (Alton Delmore, Rabon Delmore) - 1:32
"Long Black Limousine" (Vern Stovall, Bobby George) - 3:00
"Poor Boy Lookin' For A Home" (Melvin Schmidt) - 2:10
1973 compilation albums
Glen Campbell compilation albums
Rio Branco Football Club, commonly referred to as Rio Branco, is a Brazilian professional club based in Rio Branco, Acre founded on 8 June 1919. It competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D, the fourth tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Acreano, the top flight of the Acre state football league.
It is the most successful club in Acre, having won a record 47 state titles, 31 of those being won in the amateur era. Rio Branco also took part in the national league in 21 seasons, the most of any club from the state. It is also the first Northern Brazil and the only club from Acre to play in a continental cup, featuring in the 1997 Copa CONMEBOL after winning the Copa Norte in the same year.
Rio Branco's highest national league finish was achieved in 1989, when they finished 16th in the Brazilian Série B. The club's home colours are red and white and the team mascot is the Altaneira star, a symbol from the Acre state flag.
History
On June 8, 1919, the club was founded by the lawyer Luiz Mestrinho Filho, a relative of Governor Gilberto Mestrinho.
In 1947, the club won the first state championship organized by the Acre State Football Federation. From 1955 to 1957, Rio Branco won three state championships in a row.
Rio Branco won the first edition of Copa Norte in 1997, beating Remo of Pará state, in the final. Rio Branco gained the right to compete in that year's Copa CONMEBOL. The club was eliminated in the first round of Copa CONMEBOL, by Deportes Tolima, of Colombia, after losing in the penalty shootout. From 2002 to 2005, Rio Branco won four state championships in a row.
Season records
Stadium
Rio Branco currently plays in their home stadium, the Estádio José de Melo, which has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.
The club also plays at Arena da Floresta, which has a maximum capacity of 20,000 people.
Colors
Rio Branco's official colors are red and white. Rio Branco's home kit is composed of a red shirt, red shorts and red socks.
Honours
Copa Norte
Winners (1): 1997
Campeonato Acreano
Winners (48): 1919, 1921, 1928, 1929, 1935, 1936, 1937, 1938, 1939, 1940, 1941, 1943, 1944, 1945, 1946, 1947, 1950, 1951, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1964, 1971, 1973, 1977, 1979, 1983, 1986, 1992, 1994, 1997, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2018, 2021
Torneio de Integração da Amazônia
Winners (3): 1976, 1979, 1984
References
External links
Official website
Arquivo de Clubes
Association football clubs established in 1919
Football clubs in Acre (state)
1919 establishments in Brazil
Rio Branco, Acre
Copa Norte winners
Youth in Movement (Jeunesse en Mouvement) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won 1 out of 137 seats.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
The Dos Hermanos Bridge is a bridge in San Juan, Puerto Rico. It connects the sector of Condado with the entrance to Old San Juan, crossing over the Condado Lagoon. It was designed and built by brothers Hernan and Sosthenes Behn, and opened in June 1910.
Etymology
The bridge is named "Dos Hermanos", which translates to "Two Brothers", after the brothers Hernan and Sosthenes Benn who built it in 1910.
History
The Behn Brothers, Hernan and Sosthenes, arrived at Puerto Rico in 1906 from St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. They were the founders of the Porto Rico Telephone Company, and decided to create a 150-acre real estate development in Santurce. This project became what is now known as Condado. To help with the process, the Behn Brothers built permanent bridges to facilitate the access, and people quickly started calling the main bridge "Dos Hermanos".
In 1999, a project of reconstruction and restoration of the bridge started. However, it had to be halted for not counting with the necessary permits. The project was restarted on July 4, 2011, and the new bridge was inaugurated in December 2011.
References
Buildings and structures in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Bridges completed in 1910
Bridges in Puerto Rico
Transportation in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Larry Stewart (born March 2, 1959) is an American country music singer, best known for his role as lead singer of the country pop band Restless Heart. In 1993, Stewart left the band in pursuit of a solo career, recording four solo albums and charting eight singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts before reuniting with Restless Heart in 2002. His highest-charting solo single was "Alright Already", which peaked at No. 5 in 1993.
Biography
Stewart moved to Nashville, Tennessee, in the 1980s in pursuit of a career in baseball. Although he had received an athletic scholarship from Belmont University in Nashville, he decided to focus on a career in music instead. After finding work as a demo singer, Larry joined the group Restless Heart in 1984 at the recommendation of the band's keyboardist Dave Innis, with whom Stewart had attended college. Between 1985 and 1993, Restless Heart charted 18 Top 40 singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart (including six Number Ones, as well as one single that was released only to the Adult Contemporary format). Stewart left the group in 1991 in pursuit of a solo career. The band continued for four more years without him, trading off lead vocals among the other members.
Solo career
Stewart released his solo debut album on the RCA Nashville label in 1993. Titled Down the Road, the album produced a Top 5 country hit in the single "Alright Already," along with a number 34 follow-up, "I'll Cry Tomorrow," and "We Can Love," which peaked at 62. This album also included a cover of Kevin Welch's 1989 single "I Came Straight to You", and the song "When I Close My Eyes", which was later a Top 5 hit in 1996 for Kenny Chesney.
In 1994, the same year that Restless Heart disbanded, Stewart made two contributions to Faith Hill's debut album Take Me as I Am, co-writing the single "But I Will" with Troy Seals and singing duet vocals on "I've Got This Friend". Later that year, he moved to Columbia Records, releasing Heart Like a Hurricane. The album accounted for three more singles – the title track, followed by the Vince Gill co-write "Losing Your Love" and "Rockin' the Rock" — all of which failed to make Top 40 on the US country charts, although "Losing Your Love" reached number 21 on the RPM country singles charts Canada.
Why Can't You, Stewart's third album was released in 1996, also on Columbia. Its title track reached number 46, followed by the number 70 "Always a Woman". After this album, Stewart briefly reunited with all of the members of Restless Heart (save for Innis) to record new tracks for the Greatest Hits album, but disbanded again soon afterward. Stewart released his fourth solo album, Learning to Breathe, in 1999 on independent Windham Hill Records, although this album did not account for any chart singles.
Restless Heart Reunion
In 2004, Stewart and the other four members of Restless Heart officially reunited to record the album Still Restless on Audium Entertainment, a branch of Koch Records (now E1 Music). On most of the tracks, Stewart again assumed his role as lead singer. Still Restless produced a Top 30 hit in the single "Feel My Way to You", but Koch Records closed the Audium label in early 2005. He has remained with Restless Heart since.
Stewart joined Nashville's Breezewood Productions in 2014 as chief operating officer focusing on promising new talent while continuing to bring music through his association with Restless Heart as well as a modern solo career.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Official Restless Heart website
1959 births
American country singer-songwriters
Country musicians from Kentucky
Living people
Musicians from Paducah, Kentucky
RCA Records Nashville artists
Columbia Records artists
Restless Heart
Windham Hill Records artists
Singer-songwriters from Kentucky
Azo, Azoy or Azon () was a ruler of Georgians of ancient Kartli (Iberia of the Classical authors) claimed by medieval Georgian annals to have been installed by Alexander the Great, king of Macedon (r. 336–323 BC).
Medieval tradition
His name and origin are differently given by the medieval Georgian chronicles. While The Conversion of Kartli calls him Azo(y) and makes him the scion of a preexisting dynasty in Arian Kartli, The Life of Kartli knows him as Azon and brands him a Macedonian outsider. Azo and Azon unquestionably represent the same figure and both sources credit his position to Alexander's mythic expedition into inner Georgia.
According to The Conversion of Kartli, Azo was the son of an unnamed king of Arian Kartli, who was brought, together with followers, to Kartli proper by Alexander and installed as the first king (mep'e, მეფე) at Mtskheta after the conquest of this city. He also transplanted the cults of Gatsi and Gaim to Kartli. The Life of Kartli enshrines no such tradition. Rather, it maintains that Azon, son of Iaredos (unattested in The Conversion of Kartli), was neither a king nor even a Georgian. He is reported to have conquered Mtskheta with 100,000 Macedonians ("Romans"). In addition, Alexander commanded Azon to worship seven celestial bodies (the Sun, the Moon, and five "stars", i.e., planets) and to serve the "invisible God, the creator of the universe". This version has Azon, depicted as a tyrant, subsequently deposed and killed by Pharnavaz, the member of the local ruling clan (P'arnavaziani), whose father and uncle were killed by Azon.
Modern interpretation
The identification of Azo/Azon is one of the most complex and contentious enigmas of early Georgian history. His rule is conventionally dated by the Georgian scholar Sergi Gorgadze to 330–272 BC, though this chronology lacks precision.
Despite their differences, the two medieval traditions concur that kingship was established in Mtskheta in the early Hellenistic period and this is verified in non-Georgian sources. The legend of Alexander's Iberian campaign has also been preserved in Armenian historical tradition, particularly in The History of the Armenians by Moses of Chorene (probably the 5th century). Moses speaks of "Mithridates, satrap of Darius" (identifiable with Mithridates II of Cius) installed by Alexander to rule over the Georgians. Professor Giorgi Melikishvili has drawn several parallels between the stories of the Azon of the Georgian chronicles and the Mithridates of the Armenian tradition.
Several modern scholars believe Azo's story indirectly suggests the migration of the early Georgian tribes to the northwest and blending of Anatolian elements with the tribes living in Kartli proper. On the other hand, the version of The Life of Kartli, which anachronistically refers to Azon's entourage as "Romans", might well have reflected the Roman activities in Iberia, presumably those of the Flavian period (AD 69–96), which have surprisingly been ignored by the Georgian annals.
Some modern historians have also attempted to equate Azon (note that the name terminates in the Greek suffix –ου) with the Jason of the Argonautic cycle. According to the Roman historian Tacitus, the Iberians "claimed Thessalian origin, dating from the time when Jason, after leaving with Medea and their children, returned to the empty palace of Aeëtes and the kingless Colchians".
Notes
References
Rapp, Stephen H. (2003), Studies In Medieval Georgian Historiography: Early Texts And Eurasian Contexts. Peeters Bvba .
Alexander the Great in legend
Kings of Iberia
4th-century BC rulers
3rd-century BC rulers
The Little Auglaize River is a tributary of the Auglaize River in northwest Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie.
It rises in southern Van Wert County, approximately south of Van Wert. It flows northeast past Middle Point. Near Ottoville in western Putnam County it turns north-northwest for its lower and joins the Auglaize from the south near Melrose in eastern Paulding County.
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Ohio
Rivers of Van Wert County, Ohio
Rivers of Putnam County, Ohio
Rivers of Paulding County, Ohio
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Eduard López López is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
Living people
1992 births
125cc World Championship riders
HD 7199 is a star in the constellation Tucana located 118 light years distance from the Sun based on parallax. It has an orange hue but is too dim to be viewed with the naked eye, having an apparent visual magnitude of +8.06. The star is drifting further away from the Sun with a radial velocity of +5.6 km/s.
The star HD 7199 is named Emiw. The name was selected in the NameExoWorlds campaign by Mozambique, during the 100th anniversary of the IAU. Emiw represents love in the local Makhuwa language.
This object has a stellar classification of K1IV, matching a K-type subgiant star that is in the process of cooling and expanding off the main sequence, having exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core. It is around 10 billion years old with a low projected rotational velocity of 2.2 km/s. The star looks to be very metal-rich, having more than double the abundance of iron compared to the Sun. Both mass and radius are lower that the Sun's, and it only radiates 70% of the Sun's luminosity. It displays a Sun-like magnetic activity cycle.
Planetary system
The High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher (HARPS) in Chile found it to have a planet with a minimum of 0.29 times the mass of Jupiter – 92 times the mass of Earth – with an orbital period of 615 days.
The planet HD 7199 b was named Hairu in 2019. Hairu represents unity in the Makhuwa language.
References
K-type subgiants
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Tucana (constellation)
Durchmusterung objects
007199
005529
J01104719-6611171
Emiw
Umirovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kileyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 471 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Umirovo is located 16 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kileyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The Palawan striped babbler (Zosterornis hypogrammicus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Philippines, where it is only found in Palawan.
Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
EBird describes the bird as "A fairly small bird of mid-elevation montane forest on Panay. Dark brown above and heavily streaked with black below, with base color blending from white on the throat to buffy on the lower belly. Note the white face edged with black and the thin black stripe behind the eye. Often found in mixed-species flocks. Somewhat similar to Stripe-sided and Visayan Rhabdornises, but smaller, and lacks the broad black band through the eye. Voice includes a loud staccato trill." They are generally observed to forage close to the ground.
It is the most distinctive among the four striped babblers (others being the Luzon striped babbler, the Panay striped babbler and the Negros striped babbler), which are generally plain brown versus the Palawan striped babbler's olive yellow markings.
Habitat and Conservation Status
This species is known from primary montane mossy forest from 1,000 m to 2,000 m. It is only found on three mountains, namely Mount Mantalingajan, Mt. Victoria and Mt. Borangbato.
Due to its extremely limited range, IUCN has assessed this bird as least concern. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Palawan striped babbler
Birds of Palawan
Birds described in 1961
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Understanding Animal Research (UAR) is a British membership organisation formed in late 2008 through the merger of the Research Defence Society and the Coalition for Medical Progress. Its main aims are to "explain why animals are used in medical and scientific research. We aim to achieve a broad understanding of the humane use of animals in medical, veterinary, scientific and environmental research in the UK".
History
The Research Defence Society (RDS) was founded in 1908 "to make known the facts as to experiments on animals in this country; the immense importance to the welfare of mankind of such experiments and the great saving of human life and health directly attributable to them". Within a year, the society had over 2000 members with branches across the country organising lectures and debates. Over the next century the RDS campaigned against animal rights extremism including lobbying for a strengthened version of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Bill in 1994 and setting up a Legal Defence Fund in 1989 to pay the legal costs of scientists who were seeking libel actions.
The Coalition for Medical Progress was launched in 2003 as part of a wider alliance to communicate the benefits of animal research to the wider public. In 1999, 65% of people agreed with the statement "I have a lack of trust in the regulatory system about animal research". By 2007, this has fallen to 35%.
When the organisations merged Dr Simon Festing, executive director of the Research Defence Society, became its first chief executive. In November 2012 Wendy Jarrett, who formerly worked at NICE, took over as Chief Executive at UAR.
Activities
UAR is a membership organization with over 110 organizational members as well as individual supporters. It is funded by its members who come from various sectors including academic, pharmaceutical, charities, research funders, professional and learned societies, executive agencies and trade unions. UAR seeks to explain the costs as well as the benefits of animal research and features explanations of procedures on its website. UAR takes a number of different approaches to engagement, from running a schools programme which encourages researchers to explain their work to students, to policy and media work, to engagement with institutions which undertake animal research.
UAR were involved in the development and surrounding discussions of EU Directive 63/2010, which harmonised animal welfare standards in labs throughout the EU. UAR has applauded the quality of welfare for animals used in research in the UK, saying that it is held to the highest standards in the world.
The website provides extensive information, including statistics and videos, and news on animal research in the UK and beyond. In addition to the Understanding Animal Research Website the organisation has created AnimalResearch.Info a website that provides peer-reviewed, fully referenced information on animal research and labanimaltour.org, , which offers a guided tour of four laboratories with embedded videos of experiments, procedures and supporting processes such as feeding and cleaning.
In 2012, Understanding Animal Research, responding to a small dip in public support for animal research, announced the Declaration of Openness with 41 organisations, including charities, pharmaceuticals and universities, promising to take part "in an ongoing conversation about why and how animals are used in research and the benefits of this". On 14 May 2014, 72 signatories came together to sign the Concordat on Openness on Animals in Research in the UK, pledging to enhance their communications regarding the animal research they support, fund or conduct. As of 22 August 2017 the Concordat has been signed by 116 organisations.
See also
Three Rs (animal research)
Federation of European Laboratory Animal Science Associations
References
External links
UAR website
Animalresearch.info The global resource for scientific evidence in animal research
Animal testing in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Islington
Discovery Health may refer to:
Discovery Fit & Health, an American cable television network dedicated to fitness and health, launched in 2011 from a merger of Discovery Health Channel and FitTV
Discovery Health Channel, a former American cable television network which was replaced in 2011 by the OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network and later returned as Discovery Fit & Health later that same year
Discovery Home & Health, a UK television channel formerly known as Discovery Health
Fyi (Canada), the Canadian version of America's * Fyi formerly known as Discovery Health and Twist TV
Discovery Health Medical Scheme, the largest open medical scheme in South Africa. Administered by Discovery Health (Pty) Ltd, a subsidiary of Discovery Limited.
The Nathan Cobb Cottage is located at 137 Orchand Lane, Ormond Beach, Florida, and is a unique one and a half story residential structure that was constructed in 1897 from salvaged cargo and wood parts from the shipwreck of the Nathan F. Cobb schooner. A local man named William Fagen built the cottage in the vernacular architectural style using salvaged cargo and wood parts including railroad ties, flooring, balustrades and stairs.
Nathan F. Cobb shipwreck
On December 1, 1896, the Nathan F. Cobb schooner was heavily damaged by a nor'easter storm off the coast of North Carolina and lost two crewmen. The ship then drifted for about four days until it ran aground on a sandbar off the coast of Ormond (now Ormond Beach). While attempting to rescue the six surviving crewmen a local Ormond Hotel employee named Freeman Waterhouse drowned. The six crewmen were eventually rescued, however, the ship never sailed again and remained marooned off the coast of Ormond. Its cargo and most of its wooden parts were salvaged. Now more than 120 years later, some remnants of the ship's hull are occasionally visible after ocean waves disturb the area's sandbars.
Original configuration
Originally, the Nathan Cobb Cottage included a wood outer kitchen structure that was connected to the cottage by a dog-trot (breezeway). All of these structures were built from pieces of salvaged wood from the Nathan F. Cobb schooner. The wood outer kitchen structure and dog-trot were removed in the 1920s most likely due to wood rot. The roof originally had wood shake shingles and a gable dormer window, however, they were removed and replaced with a composite shingle roof around 1965. The brick chimney and fireplace are original. The interior originally had two bedrooms on the top half story level and heart pine floor boards extended the length of the cottage. The south bedroom was removed in 1955, which created a vaulted ceiling above the living room.
The front of the cottage originally featured a full length wood deck porch that was built from pieces of the ship's sole (floor). Salvaged pieces of ship balustrades served as railings for the porch. In the 1940s, the porch was removed due to wood rot and a portion of it around the front door was replaced with bricks. In the 1990s, a full length brick porch was installed.
Around 1955, an eight-foot section of the south side of the cottage structure was removed most likely due to wood rot. A section of the ship's quarter board that has the Nathan F. Cobb name carved into it was originally located on the exterior of the south wall, but was moved inside and hung on the south side wall of the living room.
Alterations and current configuration
After standing for more than 120 years the cottage has undergone several alterations. The cottage currently stands on brick pier supports and has a rectangular floor plan that measures 23' by 17'. The kitchen projects from the northeastern side and measures 6' by 11', which makes the structure 457 square feet. The original exterior walls are constructed from vertically positioned railroad ties, but are now mostly covered with cedar shake siding.
The dining room includes a small closet and the original wood staircase that leads to the bedroom on the upper half story. A bathroom was added on to the east side of the dining room in 1955, and in 2014 it was upgraded with a modern shower, toilet and sink. The 6' by 11' kitchen is actually a part of the original dog-trot, and in 2014 it was upgraded with a modern sink, wood pine flooring and new appliances. An exterior wood porch deck measuring 12' by 12' was built onto the rear of the cottage in 2014.
Florida Heritage Landmark
In May 2021, the Florida Bureau of Historic Preservation approved a Florida Historical Marker for the Nathan Cobb Cottage, which also signifies that it is a Florida Heritage Landmark. The marker was installed in front of the cottage on November 17, 2021. The Florida Historical Marker reads:
The Nathan Cobb Cottage is a rare historic home built using local traditions and cultural practices in the frame vernacular style, and is one of the last standing structures erected from salvaged ship lumber and wood freight in Florida. It was built in 1897 by William Fagen using railroad ties for its walls from the wreck of the schooner Nathan F. Cobb. The ship capsized during a nor'easter storm off the coast of North Carolina which drowned two of her crewmen. It then drifted for 375 miles until it ran aground off the coast of Ormond (now Ormond Beach) on December 5, 1896. During a rescue attempt to save the surviving six crewmen, Freeman Waterhouse, a bookkeeper for the Ormond Hotel, drowned, his body never recovered. It originally included a dog-trot, detached kitchen structure, wood plank front porch with ship balustrade railing, exposed railroad ties on its exterior walls and a wood shake shingle roof with two dormer windows. An indoor kitchen, bathroom and electricity were added which modernized the cottage. It is unlikely that such a building will be constructed again since wood schooners have not been built since the 1920s, and almost all have been decommissioned and salvaged decades ago.
Legacy
The Nathan Cobb Cottage is one of Volusia County, Florida's most iconic surviving historic landmarks, and stands as an excellent example of vernacular craftsmanship from the late nineteenth century. It is one of the last standing buildings in Florida that was constructed from salvaged schooner ship wood parts and cargo.
References
External links
Nathan F. Cobb shipwreck.
Volusia County erects beach panel telling story of 1896 shipwreck.
Marker tells story of the Nathan Cobb Cottage.
Ormond Beach, Florida
1897 establishments in Florida
Houses in Volusia County, Florida
Vernacular architecture in Florida
Mecistophylla asthenitis is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Turner in 1904, and is known from Queensland, Australia.
References
Notes
α.The header on the published version of Turner's manuscript misspells his middle name as "Fefferis" instead of "Jefferis".
Moths described in 1904
Tirathabini
The Otoyol (Plural: Otoyollar) is the national network of controlled-access highways in Turkey. The network spans as of 2020-end and was first opened in 1973. Another term for the system is Otoban, which is a popular but unofficial term transcribed from the German word autobahn. The term Otoyol translates to motorway while the literal meaning is auto-route.
The Otoyol system previously consisted of three separate networks; the Edirne-Istanbul-Ankara corridor, the Aegean network centered around İzmir, and the Southeastern network centered around Adana. With the completion of the O-5 in 2019 and the extension of the O-21 in 2020, these three networks have since been connected. The network is expected to expand to by 2023 and to by 2035. The minimum speed limit on the Turkish otoyols is while the maximum speed is .
History
The construction of a national road system was prioritized in 1948, where the construction of new roads were greatly accelerated. This led to a rise in automobile usage in Turkey. By the 1960s, traffic problems were becoming prevalent in large cities and capacity on intercity roads needed to be upgraded. Plans to build new expressways were put into action in 1968, when construction of the Istanbul Inner Beltway was started. The Beltway, known as the O-1, was opened together with the Bosporus Bridge in 1973 with great fanfare. This became the first motorway to be built in Turkey. The Istanbul Beltway was then to be a part of a large expressway spanning from Edirne, in East Thrace, to İskenderun, on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea. Construction of this expressway first started in 1973 on a section between Pozantı and Akçatekir, on what would become the O-21. In 1975 construction of a section of the motorway from Gebze to Izmit was started. Due to financial problems during the following years, construction of the two otoyols were greatly slowed down. It wasn't until 1984 that these two motorways were opened to traffic.
Turgut Özal became Prime Minister in 1983 and brought forth a policy of constructing new otoyols in Turkey. In 1985, construction of an intercontinental motorway spanning from Edirne to Ankara was started. This motorway project would serve as an outer beltway round Istanbul and also included the construction of a second bridge over the Bosporus, the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge. The first section of the motorway, the long Edirne Beltway, was opened in 1987, followed by the opening of the Outer Beltway in Istanbul, from Levent to Kozyatağı, together with the FSM Bridge on 3 July 1988. The motorway was opened in sections in the following years until being completed in 1994.
2 decades later O-7 or Third Beltway opened in 2017.
In 1988 the construction of three new motorways in Izmir were started.
O-32 opened in 1992 and it became first motorway in Agean Region. O-30 was built 1 year after.
And a year after O-31 was opened, running between İzmir and Aydın.
Finally in 2008, O-30 was completed. First section of O-5 was opened between Kemalpaşa and Bornova,
after that in 2019 the motorway opened by phases section between Balıkesir junctions opened in 2018 and Kemalpaşa and Akhisar section was opened in March 2019 and finally in August 2019 remaining sections opened between Akhisar and Balıkesir West ,Balıkesir North and Bursa West junctions. In 2020 two new motorways opened to the traffic . One of which is O-33 was opened in February 2020, as a continuous part of O-30. At the same year in November 2020 the first section of O-21 extension was opened and in December 2020 was fully opened all the way to Niğde. Finally in 2021 the 8th phase of O-7 opened, and in 18th March 2022 the newest motorway Otoyol-6 opened between Malkara and Lapseki. Including the 1915 Çanakkale Bridge.
Today two motorway extensions under construction. In O-7 9th phase between Nakkaş-Başakşehir link road and O-31 extension to Denizli. These are planned to open in 2023.
Network map
List of Otoyol routes
Projects
Under Construction
Tender Phase
Planning Phase
Toll
Most motorways are toll roads. The toll is based on the distance traveled. On most sections, the toll can be paid only with RFID-based HGS and OGS. Cash and KGS card payment methods have mostly been abolished in recent years. Only the newly opened Otoyol 5, and Otoyol 7 have sections where it is possible to pay by cash or with credit card. Apart from motorways, the other state roads in Turkey are free of charge.
The revenue from tolls in 2001 were still about $203 million, rising by 2012 to approximately $542 million. In 2012, the Bosphorus bridges saw 150 million vehicles pass and the other toll roads saw over 210 million vehicles. In 2015, both bridges were used by 141 million vehicles while the other toll motorways were used by 271 million vehicles, generating a total revenue of $391 million (both bridges and motorways combined).
Standards
Mainly because the country already has a wide network of double carriageways, the standards for motorways in comparison are very high. Most sections of otoyols have 3 lanes in each direction, aside from the O-4 around Izmit, a small stretch of the O-3 between Silivri and Esenyurt, and the section of O-32 between Alaçatı and Çeşme, which only have two lanes in each direction. Also the O-2, the O-7 and the O-20 all have four lanes in each direction along the entire route. The lanes are each 3.75 meters wide. Most exits have a connection road, which helps to avoid wrong-way driving and illegal access to the road (bikes, tractors and horses are not allowed on otoyols).
The minimum speed is 40 km/h (25 mph) and the maximum allowed speed is 120 km/h (75 mph), although speeding is not punished under 132 km/h (82 mph). However, on sections of the O-1 through central Istanbul the speed limit is 70 km/h (45 mph). In most tunnels the speed limit is 90 km/h (55 mph).
Alongside otoyols, there are resting areas, which are standardized as A, B, C and D type service areas. The D type is mainly a parking area. The C type has a fuel station added. The B type has a fuel station and a vehicle service station added. The type additionally has a motel (in urban ones, this motel is traded for a large shopping mall).
Dangerous stretches such as tunnels or bridges where there is often fog, exits, interchanges and service areas are illuminated.
Since gradients are expected to be very low and turning radii are expected to be very high, otoyols have many bridges and tunnels which makes them very expensive to construct.
Otoyol signs in Turkey are green and uses the Highway Gothic typeface.
Statistics
Length
Longest otoyol: , O-21 between Ankara and Tarsus.
Shortest otoyol: , O-1 in Istanbul
Longest bridge: 1915 Çanakkale Bridge, carries the O-6 over the Dardanelles.
Longest tunnel: Tunnel 4 between Gebze and İzmit, on the O-7.
Highest pass: Cankurtaran Pass with 1.580 metres on the O-4 at Ankara-Bolu border.
Provinces
Provinces with an otoyol route(s): 28 provinces (Adana, Aksaray, Ankara, Aydın, Balıkesir, Bolu, Bursa, Çanakkale, Düzce, Edirne, Gaziantep, Hatay, Istanbul, Izmir, Kahramanmaraş, Kırklareli, Kırşehir, Kocaeli, Konya, Manisa, Mersin, Nevşehir, Niğde, Osmaniye, Sakarya, Şanlıurfa, Tekirdağ, Yalova)
Provinces without an operational otoyol, but with an otoyol construction undergoing: 1 province (Denizli)
Most otoyols in a province:
5 routes: Istanbul Province, O-1, O-2, O-3, O-4, and O-7.
5 routes: İzmir Province, O-5, O-30, O-31, O-32, and O-33.
Most provinces served by an otoyol:
8 provinces served by the O-21: Ankara, Konya, Aksaray, Kırşehir, Nevşehir, Niğde, Adana, Mersin
6 provinces served by the O-4: Istanbul, Kocaeli, Sakarya, Düzce, Bolu, Ankara
6 provinces served by the O-5: Kocaeli, Yalova, Bursa, Balıkesir, Manisa, İzmir
5 provinces served by the O-52: Adana, Osmaniye, Kahramanmaraş, Gaziantep, Şanlıurfa
Gallery
See also
List of motorway tunnels in Turkey
Turkish State Highway System
List of highways in Turkey
List of the longest highways Turkey, 2nd & 7th
List of controlled-access highway systems
Transport in Turkey
Roads in Turkey
References
Turkey
Highways
Turkey transport-related lists
Hongqiao Road () is an interchange station between Lines 3, 4 and 10 on the Shanghai Metro. It is the southernmost station of which Lines 3 and 4 share the same tracks. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005. The interchange with Line 10 opened on 10 April 2010.
The station is located in Changning District, Shanghai.
Station Layout
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Changning District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 4, Shanghai Metro
Line 10, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
U. S. Grant High School is a high school in south Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Notable alumni
Jim Bolding, world record holder in the 440-yard hurdles (class of 1968)
References
External links
U S Grant High School
Oklahoma City Public Schools
Public high schools in Oklahoma
Educational institutions established in 1953
Schools in Oklahoma City
1953 establishments in Oklahoma
The Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion is located at 502 North Blvd. between Royal and St. Charles Streets in Baton Rouge and was used as Louisiana's official gubernatorial residence between 1930 and 1963; a new residence was completed in 1963. The Old Governor's Mansion was built under the governorship of Huey Long, its first resident. The building is reported to be inspired by the White House in Washington D.C. as it was originally designed by Thomas Jefferson. It is said that Long wanted to be familiar with the White House when he became president, so he had the White House duplicated in Baton Rouge. Some dispute this legend and simply say that the building is merely a fine example of a Georgian-style mansion.
History
The Old Governor's Mansion is the second governor's mansion to occupy the site. Although Louisiana became a state in 1812, the first purchase of a gubernatorial mansion was not until 1887, when the State of Louisiana purchased the house from the heirs of Nathan Knox for $10,000. The Knox mansion, located at the present site of the Old Governor's Mansion, was built in 1857. Although purchased during the term of Governor John McEnery, the first governor to occupy the Knox mansion was Francis T. Nicholls. The Knox mansion served as the official residence of Louisiana governors from 1887 until 1929, when it was razed under the direction of Huey P. Long, and the present Old Governor's Mansion was built.
When Huey P. Long took office in 1928, the existing governor's mansion was to him a symbol of the past and more importantly the political opposition. In February 1929, Long succeeded in tearing down the Knox mansion, enlisting the aid of local convicted criminals to disassemble it. On the very next day, the plans and specifications were approved for the new mansion. This event is one of the incidents that contributed to and figured in the (unsuccessful) impeachment proceedings against Long in 1930. Building the Old Governor's Mansion cost almost $150,000, plus an additional $22,000 for the finest damask and velvet drapes, crystal chandeliers, and other fine appointments.
The Old Governor's Mansion served as a residence to nine governors until 1963, when the Louisiana Governor's Mansion was constructed just east of the Louisiana State Capitol building. In 1964, the Old Governor's Mansion became the home of the Louisiana Arts & Science Museum (then, Louisiana Arts & Science Center). The Mansion served as headquarters for the Louisiana Arts & Science Museum until 1976, when the museum moved to new quarters in the Old Illinois Central Train Station. In 1978, the Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Mansion underwent restoration from 1996 to 1998, and opened as a historic house museum in 1999. It is currently under the management of Louisiana's Secretary of State.
Louisiana's Old Governor's Mansion offers tours of the Mansion to visitors and school groups, and also offers the Mansion as an event venue for weddings, bridal portraits, corporate parties, and more.
The mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1975. It was also added as a contributing resource to the Beauregard Town Historic District at the time of its creation on October 14, 1980.
See also
Beauregard Town
Old Louisiana State Capitol
National Register of Historic Places listings in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana
References
"National Register Information System". National Register of Historic Places. National Park Service. November 2, 2013.
"Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion" (PDF). State of Louisiana's Division of Historic Preservation. Retrieved May 11, 2018. with three photos and a map
Mrs. Allan R. Brent (December 1974). "National Register of Historic Places Inventory/Nomination Form: Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion". National Park Service. Retrieved May 11, 2018. With 15 photos from 1974.
"Beauregard Town Historic District" (PDF). State of Louisiana's Division of Historic Preservation. Archived from the original (PDF) on May 7, 2018. Retrieved May 7, 2018. with 22 photos and three maps Archived 2018-05-07 at the Wayback Machine
Pete Melby and Coleman Brown (October 1977). "National Register of Historic Places Inventory/Nomination Form: Beauregard Town Historic District". National Park Service. Retrieved May 7, 2018. With 38 photos from 1980.
External links
Old Louisiana Governor's House, at National Park Service
Neoclassical architecture in Louisiana
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Houses in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Historic house museums in Louisiana
Museums in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Houses completed in 1930
National Register of Historic Places in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
1930 establishments in Louisiana
Batrachedra folia is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Whyte may refer to:
Whyte (surname), a family name
Whyte, West Virginia
Whyte Chemicals, a manufacturer and distributor
Whyte notation for steam locomotives
See also
White (disambiguation)
Wight (disambiguation)
ru:Уайт
Almost a Honeymoon may refer to:
Almost a Honeymoon (play), a 1930 play by Walter Ellis
Almost a Honeymoon (1930 film), a 1930 British film adaptation
Almost a Honeymoon (1938 film), a 1938 British film adaptation
Zombie Ghost Train (sometimes seen as ZGT) were an Australian psychobilly and gothabilly band located in Sydney, NSW, Australia. The band formed with Stu Arkoff (guitars and vocals), Azzy T (drums), and Captain Reckless (bass and backing vocals). In 2007, Azzy T left to pursue other musical ventures and was replaced by JM until 2008. The band released two albums, Glad Rags & Body Bags (April 2004) and Dealing the Death Card (May 2007), and a seven-track extended play, Monster Formal Wear (2003).
History
Zombie Ghost Train were formed in Sydney as a gothabilly and psychobilly group by Stu Arkoff (a.k.a. Stuart Hibberd) on lead vocals, guitar and theremin, Captain Reckless (a.k.a. Aaron Mol) on slap bass and backing vocals, and AzzA-T on drums and percussion. Arkoff and Reckless were former members of the Ark Off Experiment. The band toured Australia, Europe and the United States. The band members, when appearing on stage, dress in "zombified" clothes, featuring tears and bloodstains. Each member has his hair in an extreme style of a quiff, teddy boy cut or pompadour. They wore zombie make up, complete with stitches across the face. In 2008, one of Sydney's city guides, TwoThousand, called the band, "Australia's best kept secret. . . These mortuary musicians are the best thing psychobilly has seen since The Cramps".
Zombie Ghost Train were featured in the Horror punk segment of interviews on the Tribal Area 8 DVD compiled by German video-magazine, Tribal Area. In an interview with Voltage Media, Sydney band, The Horrorwood Mannequins listed playing with Zombie Ghost Train as one of their biggest moments in their music career. Collapse Board classed the band's style as being part of "the horror aesthetic and supernatural lyric themes" of psychobilly.
Zombie Ghost Train released an EP called Monster Formal Wear in 2003 and licensed to German label, Crazy Love Records (CLLP 64204). Their first album, Glad Rags & Body Bags, was released in 2005 on German Horrorpunk label, Fiend Force Records (FF-033). The song Girl U Want received the most airplay on National Australian radio station Triple J from this album, with a ranking of 7763.
Dealing the Death Card was the second and final studio album by Zombie Ghost Train. It was released on 19 May 2007 on Resist Records in Australia and in Germany on Fiend Force Records. The band launched this album during an Australian tour between May and June 2007.
Reformation and final shows: The original lineup of Stu, Reckless and Azzy T toured with Tiger Army in March 2008 playing shows in Brisbane, Sydney, Adelaide, and Melbourne. The final ZGT show was at Sydney's Oxford Art Factory on 24 April 2008.
The band announced their breakup on 26 April 2009 on their Myspace blog. Their logo can be spotted on the leather jacket of an extra in the film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1
Members
Stu Arkoff (a.k.a. Stuart Hibberd) – vocals, guitar, theremin
Captain Reckless (a.k.a. Aaron Mol) – slap bass, backing vocals
AzzA-T – drums, percussion
JM
Credits:
Discography
Albums
Glad Rags & Body Bags (19 April 2004) – Shrunken Head Records/MGM Distribution (SHRCD00002)
Track listing
Glad Rags & Body Bags (1:38)
R.I.P.(3:12)
Dark Times (3:09)
Graveyard Queen (3:18)
Black White and Dead (2:51)
Deadcat Rumble (3:28)
Girl U Want (2:42)
Alone (4:06)
Night Time Crawling (3:27)
Zombie Beach (1:09)
Gone (3:12)
Buried Next to the King (3:23)
You're My Baby (6:51)
Dealing the Death Card (19 May 2007) Resist Records (RES061)
Track listing
Step into My Coffin (2:43)
Mystery Woman (3:00)
Bats in the Belfry (2:30)
13 Tears (3:43)
The Big Fog (2:20)
Monster Rock'n'Roll (2:52)
Teddy Boy Boogie (3:03)
Dealing the Death Card (3:56)
To the River (3:03)
The Undead Sea (2:11)
Long Dark Night (3:16)
Trouble (4:08)
Dead End Crew (2:59)
Extended plays
Monster Formal Wear (2003) Shrunken Head Records (SHR-CD00001)
Track listing
A1 - On The Line
A2 - Devil Child
A3 - In The Shadows
B1 - Go-Go Mummy
B2 - Mad Mummy Daddy
B3 - Twenty Flight Rock
B4 - Blue Moon of Kentucky
See also
List of psychobilly bands
References
External links
Zombie Ghost Train photos
Musical groups disestablished in 2009
New South Wales musical groups
Gothabilly groups
Psychobilly groups
Robert Sidney Cahn (9 June 1899 – 15 June 1981) was a British chemist, best known for his contributions to chemical nomenclature and stereochemistry, particularly by the Cahn–Ingold–Prelog priority rules, which he proposed in 1956 with Christopher Kelk Ingold and Vladimir Prelog.
Cahn was born in Hampstead, London. He became a fellow of the Royal Institute of Chemistry and was editor of the Journal of the Chemical Society from 1949 until 1963, and he remained with the Society as Director of Publications Research until his retirement in 1965.
References
Bibliography
and subsequent editions published in 1964, 1968, and 1974.
British chemists
1899 births
1981 deaths
Stereochemists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry
This is a list of United States ambassadors to Montenegro.
30-Oct-1905–27-Oct-1907 John Brinkerhoff Jackson, Resident at Athens
20-May-1908–29-Jun-1909 Richmond Pearson, Resident at Athens
31-May-1910–30-Sep-1912 George H. Moses, Resident at Athens
21-Jul-1913–18-Aug-1913 Jacob Gould Schurman, Resident at Athens
10-May-1914–28-Sep-1914 George Fred Williams, Resident at Athens
Nov-1914–Dec-1918 Garrett Droppers, Resident at Athens; Montenegro absorbed into the Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes on December 4, 1918
1918–1992 See United States Ambassador to Yugoslavia
1992–2006 See United States Ambassador to Serbia
12-Sep-2007–Aug-2010 Roderick W. Moore
27-Apr-2011–11-Feb-2015 Sue K. Brown
19-Feb-2015–24-July-2018 Margaret A. Uyehara
20-Dec-2018–present Judy Rising Reinke
See also
Montenegro – United States relations
Foreign relations of Montenegro
Ambassadors of the United States
References
United States Department of State: Background notes on Montenegro
External links
United States Department of State: Chiefs of Mission for Montenegro
United States Department of State: Montenegro
United States Embassy in Podgorica
Montenegro
United States
The S2 7.9, originally called the Grand Slam 7.9, is an American sailboat that was designed by Graham & Schlageter as a one-design and Midget Ocean Racing Club (MORC) racer-cruiser and first built in 1979. The designation indicates the length overall in meters.
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland, Michigan, United States, but it is now out of production.
In 1989 the company was asked by the S2 7.9 Class Association if the design could be put back into limited production and the company agreed, but with a minimum order of ten boats for production to be restarted. The association and the S2 dealership network tried to come up with the ten orders, but was unable to do so at that time. Practical Sailor magazine termed this incident, "an unfortunate commentary on the sailboat industry" and noted it marked the end of sailboat production for the company.
A few more boats were built by S2's Tiara division in 1990 and 1994.
Design
The S2 7.9 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of hand laid fiberglass with an end-grain balsa core, with wood trim. All models have a raked stem, a plumb transom and a transom-hung, pivoting rudder controlled by a tiller.
The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering. A German BMW inboard diesel engine of was a factory option plus a few were factory-equipped with Yanmar diesels.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin, and two straight settee quarter berths in the main cabin. The galley is located on the port side just forward of the companionway ladder. The galley is on the port side, is "minimal" and is equipped with an icebox and a sink, but no stove. The head is located next to the keel trunk on the starboard side. Cabin headroom is .
For sailing the design is equipped with a 155% genoa or a 105% jib. For sailing downwind the design may be equipped with a symmetrical spinnaker.
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 168 and a hull speed of .
With a beam of the boat is not legally trailerable in most North American jurisdictions.
Variants
S2 7.9 FK
This fixed keel model, with a masthead sloop rig, was introduced in 1979 and produced until 1986, but only 17 boats were built. It displaces and carries of ballast. The boat has a draft of with the standard keel.
S2 7.9
This lifting keel model, with a fractional sloop rig, was introduced in 1981, produced until 1986 and 545 boats were constructed. It displaces and carries of lead ballast. One third of the ballast is in the keel and the balance fiberglassed into the hull. The boat has a draft of with the lifting keel up and with the keel down.
Operational history
The design is supported by a class club, the S2 7.9 Class Association, which organizes races including a national championship and also regulates the design to maintain its one-design status for racing.
In a 2000 review Darrell Nicholson wrote in Practical Sailor, "S2 did a good job of aiming the boat at a variety of sailors: racers, daysailors, and weekenders. For racers interested in a one-design boat, the class is not strong outside the Great Lakes. But for the sailor into handicap racing, the boat seems a good possibility. It's definitely competitive in MORC and PHRF fleets. And unlike other high-performance boats its size—the Olson 25, J/24, Merit 25, Evelyn 26, or Capri 25 — the 7.9 is a boat you could stand sleeping aboard or taking on a rainy overnight race."
Brook Berth wrote in Sailing Magazine, "the S2 7.9 is a nicely designed, well-built one-design racer that can be cruised on short trips."
Jack Hornor wrote in The SpinSheet, "the S2 7.9 provides exhilarating sailing performance and has the added benefit of sufficient accommodations to make occasional weekend cruises or overnight races tolerable at least. "
A Sailing World review called the boat an "eminently sailable family cruiser-racer."
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Graham & Schlageter
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
Scheßlitz (or Schesslitz) is a German town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and lies on the rise to the Franconian Switzerland on the A 70 between Bamberg and Bayreuth, lying 14 km northeast of the former.
Geography
The town is surrounded by the following hills:
Stammberg (559 m)
Giechburg (530 m)
Gügel (515 m)
Kulm (553 m)
Heidenstein (577 m)
Rabenstein (572 m)
Würgauer Höhe (518 m)
Reisberg (554 m)
Roter Stein (518 m)
Wattendorfer Höhe (555 m)
Hohe Metze (577 m)
This basin's sheltered setting with roads that come together from Heiligenstadt, Hollfeld, Weismain, Bad Staffelstein and Zapfendorf favoured settlement in prehistoric times.
Constituent communities
Scheßlitz's main town and namesake centre is by far the biggest of its Ortsteile with a population of 2,548. The town furthermore has these outlying centres, each given here with its own population figure:
(as of 31 March/4 April 2005)
The amalgamation of these Stadtteile into Scheßlitz on 1 May 1972 and 1 May 1978 made the town the district's biggest municipality by land area.
History
Scheßlitz had its first documentary mention about 805. Scheßlitz is among the area's oldest settlements and has held town rights since 1230.
Linear Pottery remains in the Kohlstatt make clear that there were settlers here as long ago as 2500 BC.
Concrete clues as to the town's history are yielded by the Codex Eberhardi in which it is documented that a Count Bernhard and his wife Ratbirg bequeathed their property on what is now Scheßlitz's abutting rural area to the Fulda Monastery about the year 800. The town has seized on this event as its historical beginnings and thus celebrated its 1,200-year jubilee in 2005.
It is said that confirmation of the existence of a parish of Scheßlitz is the underwriting of a protocol about the Bamberg Synod in 1059 by Arnold de Sieslice.
The town gained importance through the Andechs Meranians' activities, who rose to dukes in 1178. In 1230, one of Duke Otto VIII's fortified Andechs Meranian castles in the civitas of Scheßlitz was mentioned, making Scheßlitz the Bamberg district's oldest town.
The town of Scheßlitz was an Obervogtamt (“higher reeve's office”) of the High Monastery of Bamberg, and with the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss of 1803, it became part of Bavaria.
Entry in a travel guide
In his travel guide about Bamberg and the surrounding area from about 1912, the compiler Dietrich Amende also describes the town of Scheßlitz:
“Originally a Slavic settlement, Scheßlitz was already named in history in 805 and already styled an ‘oppidum' (small town) in 1062. Today the picturesque small town with its admirable inns is a popular outing destination for people from Bamberg, Nuremberg and Coburg. Worth seeing are the parish church, a Gothic hall church with interesting gravestones from 1360, 1569 and 1570, the hospital church built in 1780 with the prebendary building built in 1739-74 in whose gable is a lovely relief by the Bamberg sculptor Gollwitzer, the Dillig'sche Haus with stately woodcarvings from 1612, the warriors' memorial, etc. In the graveyard is found an exceptionally beautiful statue of the Holy Virgin from 1450, which comes from St. Martin's Church in Bamberg.” – Quoted and translated from Dr. Dietrich Amende: “Bamberg und das Frankenland”. Bamberg o. J. (about 1912).
Amalgamations
In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, many nearby communities were amalgamated with the town, thereby giving the town the greatest land area of any municipality in the district. The amalgamations are listed here by date.The Pia D.W village
1 May 1972:
Burgellern
Dörrnwasserlos
Pausdorf
Roschlaub
1 May 1978:
Stübig
Weichenwasserlos
Kübelstein
Ludwag
Neudorf
Population development
Politics
Town council
The town council is made up of 20 members:
CSU 9 seats
SPD 3 seats
Freie Liste 3 seats
Christliche Wählergemeinschaft Scheßlitz-Umland 2 seats
Vereinigte Junge Wähler 2 seats
Interessengemeinschaft Giech 1 seat
Mayor
Scheßlitz's “First Mayor” is Roland Kauper (CSU), first elected in 2014 and re-elected in 2020.
Coat of arms
Scheßlitz's arms might heraldically be described thus: A wall embattled argent, the chief party per pale Or a lion rampant sable armed and langued gules surmounted by a bendlet of the first and argent a fishhook reversed of the fourth.
The lion recalls the Bamberg High Monastery. The fishhook comes from Bamberg Bishop Lamprecht von Brunn's family coat of arms. The wall stands for the town's fortification.
Culture and sightseeing
Buildings
The Giechburg (castle) sits on a hill some distance over the town.
The Gügel pilgrimage church rises near the Giechburg on another hill in a heavily wooded area.
The “Historic Townscape” with its many townsmen's houses on Hauptstraße gives one an impression of a street of the 18th or 19th century.
The former “Brewers' Guildhall” stands out with its rich timber-frame carvings and a great oriel. It nowadays, under the name Dillighaus, houses a café. It was built in 1692 by Jörg Hofmann from Zeil am Main and in 1847 it passed into the Dillig family's ownership. This family was not very well off, originally owning a plot of land that fed only two goats.
The Baroque Elisabethen-Hospital is a building by Johann Jakob Michael Küchel from 1766 and 1767 with three-dimensional works on the façade by F. M. Mutschelle. It was founded in 1395 by Bamberg Bishop Lambert von Brunn to ensure support for the poor, the sick and invalids. The bishop was further likely obliged to join the newly inherited town to the Bamberg High Monastery.
The Catholic Pfarrkirche St. Kilian (parish church) has a choir with a pseudo-basilica divided by struts. It was begun about 1400 and in the 15th century was expanded about the nave, swallowing a graveyard chapel, which became a confessional chapel. In 1571 the tower with a steep tent roof went up. On the church's north side is found a Mount of Olives scene from the 17th century. The interior design comes from the 18th century, including the high altar from 1787 which already shows echoes of Classicism. The church's centrepiece is the pulpit decorated in the Rococo style.
Economy and infrastructure
After the Second World War, various firms settled in Scheßlitz:
VDM (Vereinigte Deutsche Metallwerke), then Cebal, later Alcan (plastic tubing), now Albéa,
Milchhof Albert (Frischli products)
Bilog (e-logistics)
Within the town's limits are five breweries, of which the Schmitt, Senger and Drei Kronen breweries are in Scheßlitz itself. In Köttensdorf is found the Hoh Brewery and in Würgau the Hartmann Brewery. By 2008 at the latest, for the 700th anniversary, the Drei Kronen Brewery in Straßgiech will also be brewing again. Until the 1990s, the Ellertal Brewery was still brewing its own beer.
All together, Scheßlitz offers about 2,000 jobs.
Transport
Scheßlitz lies right on Bundesstraße 22, the former Rottendorf–Weiden Imperial Road (Reichsstraße) which runs from Rottendorf near Würzburg to Cham in the Upper Palatinate and has a connection with the A 70, which runs from Bamberg to Bayreuth.
The former railway line to Bamberg, the so-called Schääzer Bockerla (or in standard German Scheßlitzer Böcklein) was abandoned on 31 May 1985. Today the railway embankment is used mainly as a cycle path, or is underneath the A 70/A 73 Bamberg Autobahn cloverleaf.
A planned train connection between Scheßlitz and Hollfeld was once again put off in 1906 after widespread groundwork had already been done because both places wanted the project to fail for political reasons. The reason, however, was not the high building cost (2 million Marks), but rather that both towns were seeking the lucrative status of being the last station on the line.
Four of the variations on the plan for a railway line on the Franconian Jura that were discussed were as follows:
by way of Würgau and Königsfeld (building cost 1.89 million Marks)
through the Burglesau Valley by way of Steinfeld and Königsfeld (building cost 2.125 million Marks)
from Memmelsdorf by way of Litzendorf, Tiefenellern and Königsfeld (building cost 2.170 million Marks)
from Gundelsheim by way of Melkendorf, Herzogenreuth and Königsfeld (building cost 2.77 million Marks)
The line envisaged by the planners would have run from Scheßlitz towards Würgau, and then climbed left at the Schlappenreuther Berg in the Jura. The line would then have stretched through Gräfenhäusling to Steinfeld, in the end reaching the town of Hollfeld through the Wiesent and Aufseß Valleys.
Near Demmelsdorf a forest aisle was already being cut and a new canal harbour was being discussed to afford ore shipping from the Jura Mountains.
In 1918, there were once more stirrings aimed at getting the Jurabahn railway built. In 1920, however, the Reich Transport Ministry (Reichsverkehrsministerium) made it known that in view of the bad state of the economy, any new railway building projects would have to be abandoned for the time being. Eventually, in 1930, a postal busline from Bamberg by way of Scheßlitz and Hollfeld to Bayreuth was opened.
Famous people
Sons and daughters of the town
Markus Feulner, footballer with Borussia Dortmund
Hans Zeis, shoemaker and Scheßlitz town councillor, died about 1599. Left behind a house book that begins in 1580 and ends in 1599, likely owing to the writer's death. It is available in two different editions.
Sister cities
Victoria, Kansas, United States
References
Further reading
Matthias Wolf: Das Schäätzer Bockäla. Schweinfurt, Verlag Wolfgang Bleiweis, 1992.
External links
Picture gallery
Bamberg (district)
People Incorporated is a non-profit organization in Western New York that provides a variety of services to seniors, families and individuals with developmental disabilities including residential, employment, community outreach, health care, and recreation programs.
History
The organization was established in Erie County in 1970 under the name of Services to the Mentally Retarded in Erie County, when a small group of parents and professionals joined to address the needs of people with intellectual disability. The agency expanded its mission to include a wider variety of services to address the needs of people with developmental disabilities and disabling conditions, as well as the general public. Over the years, the agency has grown greatly in numbers of population served, spectrum of services, geographic locations, and number of sites. In 1998, People Incorporated founded The Museum of disABILITY History, the first-ever museum dedicated to people with disabilities and their history.
References
External links
Official website
Organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 1970
Developmental disabilities
Statistics of Guam League in the 2002 season.
Overview
Guam Shipyard won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Ashot Chilingarian (; born 18 May 1949) is an Armenian physicist known for his contributions to the fields of high-energy astrophysics, space weather, and high-energy atmospheric physics. He is the head of the Cosmic Ray Division (CRD) and the director of the Alikhanyan Physics Institute in Armenia.
Life and career
Chilingarian was born on 18 May 1949, in Yerevan, Armenia into an academic family. His father, Aghasi Chilingarian, was a biologist and the head of the Institute of Zoology of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia, mother Nora Nazarbekova graduated from Saint Petersburg Chemistry-Technological Institute. His elder sister, Marina Chilingarian graduated from the Armenian State Pedagogical University.
He entered the Faculty of Physics of Yerevan State University in 1966, and in 1971 received his bachelor's degree in nuclear physics. He earned his PhD degree in 1984 and Doctorate of Science in Physics and Mathematics in 1991 from the Yerevan Physics Institute (YerPhi).
Awards
During his professional life, Chilingarian has received many awards including:
Winner of the first ever World Summit on Information Society award in e-Science for the Data Visualization Interactive Network project in 2003
In 2008, Yerevan, Contribution to science by Armenia
Presidential Award in the field of physics for a series of research papers referred to as "High-energy phenomena in thunderous atmosphere" in 2012
Affiliations
Chilingarian is a member of many professional societies such as:
Armenia's representative to the International Commission for Space Research (COSPAR)
Armenia's representative to the International Space Weather Initiative (ISWI)
Armenia's representative to the European COST (European Cooperation in Science and Technology) action ES0803: "Developing space weather products and services in Europe"
Founder and spokesperson of the Aragats Space Environmental Center (ASEC)
Member of American Geophysical Union (AGU)
Member of the international advisory committee of the European Cosmic Ray symposiums
Member of the commission on cosmic rays of the Russian Academy of science
Founder and spokesperson for the Space Environmental Viewing and Analysis Network (SEVAN)
Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS)
Associate editor of Space Weather & Space Climate (SWSC) journal
Publications (2007–2013)
A. Chilingarian, B. Mailyan and L. Vanyan, Recovering of the energy spectra of electrons and gamma rays coming from the thunderclouds, Atmospheric Research 114–115, 1–16, (2012).
A. Chilingarian, N. Bostanjyan, and L. Vanyan, Neutron bursts associated with thunderstorms, Physical Review D 85, 085017 (2012).
Chilingarian, A. and Mkrtchyan, H., Role of the Lower Positive Charge Region (LPCR) in initiation of the Thunderstorm Ground Enhancements (TGEs), Physical Review D 86, 072003 (2012).
A. Chilingarian, N. Bostanjyan, T. Karapetyan, Remarks on recent results on neutron production during thunderstorms, Physical Review D 86, 093017 (2012).
Chilingarian, A., G. Hovsepyan and A. Hovhannisyan, Particle bursts from thunderclouds: Natural particle accelerators above our heads, Phys. rev. D, 2011, 83, 062001.
A. Chilingarian, A. Daryan, K. Arakelyan, et al., Ground-based observations of thunderstorm-correlated fluxes of high-energy electrons, gamma rays, and neutrons, Phys. Rev. D., 82, 043009, 2010
A. Chilingarian and N. Bostanjyan, On the relation of the Forbush decreases detected by ASEC monitors during the 23rd solar activity cycle with ICME parameters, Advances in Space Research, Volume 45, Issue 5, 1 March 2010, Pages 614-621
Chilingarian, A., and N. Bostanjyan, Cosmic Ray Intensity Increases Detected by Aragats Space Environmental Center Monitors during the 23rd Solar activity Cycle in Correlation with Geomagnetic Storms, J. Geophys. Res., 114, A09107, doi: 10.1029/2009JA014346, 2009.
Chilingarian A., Statistical Study of the Detection of Solar Protons of The Highest Energies at 20 January 2005. J. Adv. Space Res., 43, 702-707, 2009.
M. Zazyan, A. Chilingarian, Calculations of the Sensitivity of the Particle Detectors of ASEC and SEVAN Networks to Galactic and Solar Cosmic Rays, Astropart. Phys. 32, 185-192, 2009, doi:10.1016/j.astropartphys.2009.08.001
Chilingarian A., Hovsepyan G., Arakelyan K., et al., Space Environmental Viewing and Analysis Network (SEVAN). Earth, Moon, and Planets, v.104, p. 195, 2009.
Chilingarian A. and Reymers A. Investigations of the Response of Hybrid Particle Detectors for the Space Environmental Viewing and Analysis Network (SEVAN). Ann. Geophys., 26, 249-257, 2008.
Chilingarian, L. Melkumyan, G. Hovsepyan, A. Reymers, The Response Function of the Aragats Solar Neutron Telescope, Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research A 574 (2007) 255-263
A. Chilingarian, G. Hovsepyan, et al., Study of Extensive Air Showers and Primary Energy Spectra by MAKET-ANI Detector on Mountain Aragats, Astroparticle Physics 28 (2007) 58-71
N. Bostanjyan, N.K. et al., On the Production of The Highest Energy Solar Prrotons at 20 January 2005, J. Adv. Space Res. 39 (2007) 1456–1459
A. Chilingarian, A.E. Reymers, Particle Detectors in Solar Physics and Space Weather Research, Astroparticle Physics (2007), Astropart. Phys., 27, 465-472
References
External links
CRD Yerphi
http://www.yerphi.am/index.php/info-from-director
1949 births
Armenian physicists
Living people
Yerevan State University alumni
Scientists from Yerevan
Soviet physicists
20th-century physicists
21st-century physicists
William Bates Francis (October 25, 1860 – December 5, 1954) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1911 to 1915.
Early life and career
Born near Updegraff, Ohio, Francis attended the public schools.
He studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1889 and commenced practice in Martins Ferry, Ohio.
City solicitor in 1897, 1898, and 1900.
He served as member of the board of school examiners of Martins Ferry 1903–1908.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1904.
He served as member of the board of education of Martins Ferry 1908–1914.
Congress
Francis was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 4, 1915).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress.
Later career
He resumed the practice of his profession.
He served as chairman of the Ohio State Civil Service 1931-1935.
Supervisor of properties for aid to aged, until his retirement.
Resided in Martins Ferry and later in St. Clairsville, Ohio, until his death.
Death
He died in Wheeling, West Virginia, December 5, 1954 and was interred in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Mount Pleasant, Ohio.
Sources
1860 births
1954 deaths
People from Martins Ferry, Ohio
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Love and Money, also known as Love & Money, is a 1982 American drama film directed by James Toback and starring Ray Sharkey.
Plot
Byron Levin works in a California bank. He becomes infatuated with Catherine Stockheinz, the wife of his billionaire boss.
Frederic Stockheinz has a million-dollar offer to make. He asks Byron to go to the republic of Costa Salva to offer a business proposition to the dictator there, Lorenzo Prado, who just happens to be Byron's old college roommate. Matters become further complicated when Catherine and Byron begin an affair.
Cast
Ray Sharkey as Byron Levin
Ornella Muti as Catherine Stockheinz
Klaus Kinski as Frederic Stockheinz
Armand Assante as Lorenzo Prado
King Vidor as Walter Klein
William Prince as Paultz
Tony Sirico as Raoul (as Anthony Sirico)
Jacqueline Brookes as Mrs. Paultz
Rodolfo Hoyos, Jr. as Gen. Sanzer
Tom McFadden as Blair
Tony Plana as National Guard General
Production
Toback wrote the script "on spec". He attached Frank Yablans who unsuccessfully tried to set up the film at 20th Century Fox. It was then bought by Columbia Studios, who put it in development. The management of the studio changed and the project was put into "turnaround". Warren Beatty bought the script on the strength of Toback's debut feature as director, Fingers. He set it up at Paramount intended to star and produce.
At Paramount, Beatty got the film critic Pauline Kael to work on the project. Kael was an admirer of Toback's and Beatty's and had recently left film criticism to work in Hollywood. However, Kael dropped out of the project after a number of weeks, instead becoming a consultant for Paramount. (she would eventually return to film criticism).
"She helped me immensely on the script," said Toback of Kael. "But she decided she didn't want to ossify herself on one project for a year... Saying Pauline did a masterful job of alienating everyone is totally crazy. There has never been any kind of blow up, hostility, or disagreement except the kinds of disagreements that two intelligent people have over creative ideas. She had some ideas for Love or Money that I wasn't willing to go along with, but her contributions were large."
Beatty dropped out of the film to concentrate on Reds. Toback and Paramount could not agree on casting without Beatty's involvement. The project was put into turnaround again and Toback set up the film at Lorimar. Filming started November 26, 1979.
Toback made the film with Ray Sharkey, whom he later called "the wrong actor".
The role of Sharkey's grandfather was originally meant to be played by Harry Ritz. He fell ill after one day of filming and had to be replaced. Toback offered the role to director King Vidor. His part took five days to film.
References
External links
1982 films
American drama films
1982 drama films
Films directed by James Toback
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Rcl 12876 and MS 32077 (the first is pending, the second was decided), are landmark Brazil Supreme Court cases.
Pending Actions
Rcl 12876
Carlos Alberto Tufvesson and Andre Piva, a gay couple from Rio de Janeiro, entered on November 4, 2011, with action on Supreme Court of Brazil to legalize same-sex marriage in the country.
Judicial Decisions
MS 32077
Supreme Federal Court
Action
Social Christian Party (PSC), "Partido Social Cristão (PSC)", entered on May 21, 2013, with action on Supreme Court of Brazil contesting the approval of same-sex marriage by National Council of Justice (CNJ), "Conselho Nacional de Justiça (CNJ)", and not by Supreme Court of the country.
Decision
The minister Luiz Fux decided that the decision of the National Justice Council to legalize same-sex marriage was correct.
With this, continues same-sex marriage valid in the country.
National Justice Council
On May 14, 2013, the Justice's National Council of Brazil legalized same-sex marriage in the entire country in a 14-1 vote by issuing a ruling that orders all civil registers of the country to perform same-sex marriages and convert any existing civil unions into marriages if such a couple desires. Joaquim Barbosa, president of the Council of Justice and the Supreme Federal Court said in the decision that notaries cannot continue to refuse to "perform a civil wedding or the conversion of a stable civil union into a marriage between persons of the same-sex." The ruling was published on May 15 and took effect on May 16, 2013.
Superior Court of Justice
On October 25, 2011, the Superior Court of Justice declared that the legal union of two women who petitioned the court could be recognized as a marriage. The decision of the Superior Court will only reach the authors of the demand, different of the Supreme Court with "stare decisis", but a precedent for other couples do the same request.
Courts of States
Supreme Court legalized civil union on May 5, 2011. The Brazilian Law allows the conversion of civil union into a full marriage. Between 2011 and 2013, the Courts of 13 Brazilian States legalized same-sex marriage based on that. And finally, on May 14, 2013, the decision of National Justice Council legalized same-sex marriage nationwide.
High Court decision
Judiciary representation
Legislative representation
Executive representation
See also
Same-sex marriage in Brazil
LGBT rights in Brazil
References
Same-sex marriage in Brazil
Same-sex union case law
2011 in LGBT history
2013 in LGBT history
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Taichung (Lat: Dioecesis Taichungensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Originally erected as an Apostolic Prefecture of Taichung in 1950, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1962. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is Martin Su Yao-wen, appointed in June 2007.
Ordinaries
William Francis Kupfer, M.M. † (26 Jan 1951 Appointed - 25 Jun 1986 Retired)
Joseph Wang Yu-jung † (25 Jun 1986 Appointed - 25 Jun 2007 Retired)
Martin Su Yao-wen (25 Jun 2007 Appointed - )
See also
Catholic Church in Taiwan
1950 establishments in Taiwan
Organizations based in Taichung
Christian organizations established in 1950
Taichung
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Endgame provides a cyber operations platform supporting the detection, exploitation, and mitigation of cyber-threats. Endgame was started by executives from ISS (Internet Security Systems).
History
Endgame was started in 2008 by Chris Rouland and other executives who previously worked with the CIA and ISS. In October 2010 it saw an investment of 29 million USD, raised from Bessemer Ventures, Columbia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB), and TechOperators. The company offers commercial web-based malware detection services, defensive digital security intelligence and big data analysis software.
In February 2011, the company announced partnerships with Hewlett-Packard and IBM to use Endgame's IP Reputation Intelligence service within HP's TippingPoint Digital Vaccine service and IBM's managed services offerings. That same month emails sent to HB Gary from Endgame were leaked which revealed that the company sold zero-day vulnerabilities. As of 2014 Endgame has moved away from zero-day exploitations to identifying and protecting consumers from potential cyber threats. Endgame now offers its services to companies within the financial services industry and consumer technology companies. Through its software the company collects information from data sources accessed by consumers, identifying potential security threats.
In December 2012, Endgame announced the appointment of Nathaniel Fick as Chief Executive Officer, replacing Chris Rouland. A former Marine and author of bestseller One Bullet Away, Fick was previously CEO of the Center for a New American Security, an independent and nonpartisan national security and defense policy research institution, and remains an operating partner at Bessemer Venture Partners.
In March 2013, Endgame closed a $23 million Series B equity financing with the stated purpose to fund growth in its existing federal customer base as well as expand into the commercial market. The round was led by new investor Paladin Capital Group, a multi-stage private equity firm, and included participation from existing investors Bessemer Venture Partners, Columbia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and TechOperators.
Endgame initially became known for providing cyber intelligence to US agencies such as the National Security Agency but as of 2013 expanded to financial and commercial clients within the private sector, raising an additional $30 million in funding with investment from Edgemore Capital, Top Tier Capital Partners and Savano Capital Partners. Endgame offers defensive analytics of a company's network and servers for data exploits.
Endgame acquired Onyxware in 2014, a Florida-based mobile security technology company which provides applications for detecting third-party network threats. As of November 2014 Endgame claims approximately 100 employees.
On October 8th, 2019, Elastic N.V. (NYSE: ESTC), the company behind Elasticsearch and the Elastic Stack, announced that it has completed the acquisition of Endgame.
Leadership
The Endgame Board of Directors is led by Christopher Darby, President and CEO of In-Q-Tel, an independent strategic investment firm supporting the missions of the intelligence community. Endgame announced in March 2013 that Kenneth Minihan, former Director of the National Security Agency and Managing Director at Paladin, had also joined its board of directors. In April 2014 James N. Miller, former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy was appointed to its board of advisers. Niloofar Howe was appointed the chief strategy officer and Jamie Butler serves as its chief scientist. Jon Brody is the senior vice president of marketing and Jim Tosh is the vice president of engineering.
References
External links
Business Week Company Summary
Spyware companies
Security consulting firms
Cyberwarfare
2008 establishments in Virginia
2008 establishments in the United States
Companies based in Virginia
The Fortress of Brod is a fortress in Slavonski Brod, Croatia with significant cultural heritage. The fortress was constructed in the 18th century by the Archduchy of Austria to create a defense against the Ottoman Empire.
History
The city of Slavonski Brod, Croatia, which was an important strategic and traffic center controlling the border crossing towards Turkey and connecting main commercial trails at the time, in the period between 1715 and 1780 Austria built the large imperial and royal border Fortress of Brod on the Sava River, which along with the fortified baroque towns of Slavonia, namely Osijek and Stara Gradiška, belongs to the great defense system on the border towards the Turkish Empire, designed by Prince Eugene of Savoy in the first half of the 18th century. It was constructed by peasants of the Military Border under forced labor more specifically 634 a day, who also gave 53 horse-drawn carts daily for the transport of material. The regular star-like form of the fortress was determined by the flat-country. It was built of rammed earth, bricks, wood and partially stone, and designed for the accommodation of 4,000 soldiers, mostly infantry and 150 cannons.
According to an evaluation of the Brod Fortress resistance, during the classical siege with full capacity channels, it would have taken 10 days of preparation for the attacks and 46 days for the enemy to take over the entire Fortress. The Fortress of Brod occupied about . The military government did not allow for the construction of solid material houses, because the entire town was within the range of the fortress cannons, and consequently, throughout the entire 18th and most of the 19th century, Brod was the town of small wooden houses, roofed by shingle or board. In case of the potential Turkish attack, the town was to be leveled down, in order to provide the artillery with the open space around the fortress. Although being a military border stronghold, the Fortress almost never had the opportunity to prove and demonstrate its combative power. However, there are many preserved fortifications reminiscent of the bygone times and the everyday military life that took place within. The Fortress of Brod was constructed according to the Vauban system. It is basically of a rectangular form, while the system of defense channels provides its star-like layout. It consisted of three defense zones: internal, external and southern, and it was protected by two moat areas, water-fed from the nearby stream.
The southern part
The southern part of the Fortress was specially reinforced by the fortification named Hornwerk, because of its horn-like layout (germ. Horn-horn). The principal task of Hornwerk was to obstruct the Turkish crossings over the Sava River by implementation of cannons. However, by the end of the 18th century, within the southern defense zone several constructions were erected, such as the Fortress Commander building which today houses The School of Music Slavonski Brod, Officers' Pavilion, which apart from the officers' apartments and which today houses the City Government Headquarters, the Fortress Chaplain cabin (today a closed cafe bar), the Commander's kitchen, the cart-wright's and stables, while the remaining free areas were used for orchards, gardens and parks.
The internal part
The internal central part of the Fortress is rectangular and consists of four bastions connected by defensive walls. The bastions - pentagonal rammed earth bulwarks brick walled from the outside were organized for the final resistance against the enemies, and were used to monitor the area in front of the Fortress, defend the external walls and the neighboring bastion. Apart from cannon platforms high, up to 4 sentry boxes were placed on each bastion for defense purposes. There are curtain walls - the main walls connecting each two bastions. They were brick-built, with a clay overlayer on the top side for the defense path. In the curtain wall interior there are rooms for accommodation of men and ammunition, as well as the workshops required for the Fortress functioning, with passages across the middle. Nowadays, in the reconstructed forge room in the west curtain wall, visitors of the Fortress can meet the Fortress blacksmith.
The central part
Within the central part there is the Cavalier - a massive brick-walled two-storey building in the form of the horse-shoe. In the Cavalier interior there were up to 108 large rooms of identical dimensions - casemates, used for the army logistic purposes, namely for the accommodation of the soldiers, artillery workshops, cart-wright's, locksmith's, armorer's shop, armory, bakery, storage, hospital, pharmacy.
Today, the renovated part of the southwestern tract of the Cavalier, on the gross area of , houses the unique Ružić Gallery with the first permanent exhibition of the Croatian modern art of the second half of the 20th century. More than 400 works of art from the collection of the Croatian sculptor and painter, Branko Ružić, born in Brod (Slavonski Brod, 1919 - Zagreb, 1997), as well as his contemporaries and friends are at display in the Gallery. There is a baroque Fortress church of St. Ann at the center of the Fortress square, protected by two buildings on the south side - the Slavonian barracks, renovated and today housing the classical program high school of Father Marijan Lanosović and the Headquarters barracks. The organized tourist groups, previously announced at the Tourist Board, have the opportunity to attend the "living history" programs at the Fortress square, featuring individuals dressed as hussars of the 12 Slavonian hussar regiment from the second half of the 18th century, as well as the other characters from the Fortress past such as the Fortress Commander and the Fortress clerk, the Fortress guards and craftsmen etc.
The external defence zone
The external defense zone consisted of ravelins - triangular bastions protecting the main walls and obstructing the enemy access to the Fortress. All ravelins are constructed of rammed earth and brick walled on the outside, while in the upper part there is an overlayer and parapets. Within the west and east ravelin walls there is a redoubt - the pentagonal fortification used as a provisional powder magazine and as a gunsmith's. Due to the rapid development of the siege techniques, the Brod Fortress lost its defensive task already by the mid 19th century. From that point onwards, Brod on the Sava River started its intensive development, while the old wooden Brod started to disappear. The devastation of the Brod Fortress continues throughout the 20th century. Some objects were destroyed by the army as useless, while the abandoned and unsustainable buildings cave in and dilapidate. In the period from 1945 up until the Croatian War of Independence in the 1990s, the Fortress serves as accommodation for the soldiers of the National Army of Yugoslavia. Today the Fortress of Brod, cultural heritage site and the unique and monumental example of the 18th century Slavonian military fortification architecture, belongs to the city of Slavonski Brod, decidedly initiating its revitalization.
References
External links
Ground Plan of The Brod Fortress
About The Brod Fortress
The restored part of The Brod Fortress
CITY BEHIND WALLS - identity versus image-International conference of historical towns
Festung Brod - Fortress of Brod
Slavonski Brod
Forts in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Brod-Posavina County
The 1884 Indiana gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1884. Democratic former Governor Isaac P. Gray defeated Republican nominee William H. Calkins with 49.51% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Isaac P. Gray, Democratic
William H. Calkins, Republican
Other candidates
Hiram Z. Leonard, National
Robert S. Dwiggins, Prohibition
Results
References
1884
Indiana
Gubernatorial
The Swaraj Party, established as the Congress-Khilafat Swaraj Party, was a political party formed in India on 1 January 1923 after the Gaya annual conference in December 1922 of the National Congress, that sought greater self-government and political freedom for the Indian people from the British Raj.
It was inspired by the concept of Swaraj. In Hindi and many other languages of India, swaraj means "independence" or "self-rule." The two most important leaders were Chittaranjan Das, its president, and Motilal Nehru, its secretary.
Das and Nehru thought of contesting elections to enter the legislative council with a view to obstructing a foreign government. Many candidates of the Swaraj Party were elected to the central legislative assembly and provincial legislative council in the 1923 elections. In these legislatures, they strongly opposed the unjust government policies.
As a result of the Bengal Partition, the Swaraj Party won the most seats during elections to the Bengal Legislative Council in 1923. The party disintegrated after the death of C. R. Das.
Chauri Chaura
The Swaraj Party was formed on 1 January 1923 by Indian politicians and members of the Indian National Congress who had opposed Mahatma's suspension of all civil resistance on 12 February 1922 in response to the Chauri Chaura tragedy, where policemen were killed by a mob of protestors. Gandhi felt responsible for the killings, reproached himself for not emphasizing non-violence more firmly, and feared that the entire Non-Cooperation Movement could degenerate into an orgy of violence between the British-controlled army and police and mobs of freedom-fighters, alienating and hurting millions of common Indians. He went on a fast-unto-death to convince all Indians to stop civil resistance. The Congress and other nationalist groups disavowed all activities of disobedience.
However, many Indians felt that the Non-Cooperation Movement should not have been suspended over an isolated incident of violence, and that its astonishing success was actually close to breaking the back of British rule in India. These people became disillusioned with Gandhi's political judgments and instincts.
Council entry
Gandhi and most of the Congress party rejected the provincial and central legislative councils created by the British to offer some participation for Indians. They argued that the councils were rigged with un-elected allies of the British, and too un-democratic and simply "rubber stamps" of the Viceroy.
In December 1922, Chittaranjan Das, Narasimha Chintaman Kelkar and Motilal Nehru formed the Congress-Khilafat Swarajaya Party with Das as the president and Nehru as one of the secretaries. Other prominent leaders included Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy and Subhas Chandra Bose of Bengal, Vithalbhai Patel and other Congress leaders who were becoming dissatisfied with the Congress. The other group was the 'No-Changers', who had accepted Gandhi's decision to withdraw the movement.
Now both the Swarajists and the No-Changers were engaged in a fierce political struggle, but both were determined to avoid the disastrous experience of the 1907 split at Surat. On the advice of Gandhi, the two groups decided to remain in the Congress but to work in their separate ways. There was no basic difference between the two.
In the 1923 Indian general election, Swarajist members(45/145) were elected to the councils. Vithalbhai Patel became the president of the Central Legislative Assembly.
At a meeting on 30 December 1923, the general council of the party demanded the establishment of fully responsible government for India. They demanded that the government start by releasing political prisoners, suspending all repressive laws and orders, and convening a round table conference to negotiate the principles of a constitution for India.
However, the legislatures had very limited powers, and apart from some heated parliamentary debates, and procedural stand-offs with the British authorities, the core mission of obstructing British rule failed.
With the death of Chittaranjan Das in 1925, and with Motilal Nehru's return to the Congress the following year, the Swaraj Party was greatly weakened.
Pro-Changers and No-Changers, and the Simon Commission
After his release from prison in 1924, Gandhi sought to bring back the Swarajists to the Congress and re-unite the party. Gandhi's supporters were in a vast majority in the Congress, and the Congress still remained India's largest political party, but Gandhi felt it necessary to heal the divide with the Swarajists, so as to heal the nation's wounds over the 1922 suspension.
The Swarajists sought more representation in the Congress offices, and an end to the mandatory requirement for Congressmen to spin khadi cloth and do social service as a prerequisite for office. This was opposed by Gandhi's supporters, men like Vallabhbhai Patel, Jawaharlal Nehru and Rajendra Prasad, who became known as the No Changers as opposed to the Swarajist Changers. Gandhi relaxed the rules on spinning and named some Swarajists to important positions in the Congress Party. He also encouraged the Congress to support those Swarajists elected to the councils, so as not to embarrass them and leave them rudderless before the British authorities.
When the Simon Commission arrived in India in 1928, millions of Indians were infuriated with the idea of an all-British committee writing proposals for Indian constitutional reforms without any Indian member or consultations with the Indian people. The Congress created a committee to write Indian proposals for constitutional reforms, headed by now Congress President Motilal Nehru. The death of Lala Lajpat Rai, beaten by police in Punjab further infuriated India. People rallied around the Nehru Report and old political divisions and wounds were forgotten, and Vithalbhai Patel and all Swarajist councillors resigned in protest.
Between 1929 and 1937, the Indian National Congress would declare the independence of India and launch the Salt Satyagraha. In this tumultuous period, the Swaraj Party was defunct as its members quietly dissolved into the Congress fold.
Madras Province Swarajya Party
The Madras Province Swarajya Party was established in 1923. S. Satyamurti and S. Srinivasa Iyengar led the party. The party contested in all provincial elections between 1923 and 1934 with the exception of the 1930 election which it did not participate officially due to the Civil Disobedience Movement, though some of the members of the party contested for office as independents. The party emerged as the single largest party in the 1926 and 1934 Assembly elections but refused to form the provincial government under the existing dyarchy system. In 1934, the Madras Province Swarajya Party merged with the India Swarajya Party which subsequently merged with the Indian National Congress when it contested the 1935 elections to the Imperial Legislative Council under the Government of India Act 1935.
From 1935 onward, the Swarajya Party ceased to exist and was succeeded by the Indian National Congress in the elections to the Imperial Legislative Council as well as the Madras Legislative Council.
Performance of the Madras Provincial Swarajya Party
See also
Free Press of India
Indian Nationalism
K.M. Munshi
Abdul Hameed Khan
References
Indian independence movement
Indian National Congress breakaway groups
Defunct political parties in India
1923 establishments in India
Political parties established in 1923
Political parties disestablished in 1935
1935 disestablishments in India
Bourne Academy is an 11 to 18 mixed comprehensive school and a co-educational academy located in Bourne, Lincolnshire, England. It is one of two secondary schools, both co-educational, in the town, the other being Bourne Grammar School. Bourne Academy is a part of the South Lincolnshire Academies Trust (SLAT), together with Spalding Academy, Spalding and Giles Academy, Boston.
Bourne Academy is situated on Edinburgh Crescent, to the north of the town next to the Leisure Centre.
The school badge represents the Wake knot, a heraldic device referring to the Wake family, previous Lords of the Manor of Bourne, and similar to the carrick bend.
History
The school was originally part of the Star Lane Board School, which is now the Bourne Abbey Primary Academy, a primary school.
Following the Education Act 1944 the secondary school was divided out and moved to temporary premises at a separate site in 1946.
In July 1958 the first permanent buildings were opened at Edinburgh Crescent, and the school adopted the name Bourne County Secondary School.
In 1987 the name was changed to the Robert Manning School in honour of Robert Mannyng of Bourne (c. 1275 – c. 1338).
The sixth form started in 1988, and in 1989 extension premises were opened by Kenneth Baker, Secretary of State for Education.
In 1999 the school attained Technology College status and the name changed again, to Robert Manning Technology College.
Specialist school
In January 2007 it was announced that, in recognition of its excellence, the school had been invited by the government to apply to take on a second speciality in Vocational Education, and that its application was successful. Due to the school's new speciality, the Governors decided to change the name once more, to the Robert Manning College.
Academy
Due to a successful application, as of the 2011-2012 academic year, Robert Manning is an academy. In recognition of this, the school's name was changed to Bourne Academy.
See also
List of schools in the East Midlands
Bourne Grammar School
St. George's College of Technology, a similar school in Sleaford
References
External links
College website
Rex Needle Bourne website article on the College
Specialist Schools and Academies Trust website
Video clips
Video montage of the school
Educational institutions established in 1946
Secondary schools in Lincolnshire
1946 establishments in England
Academies in Lincolnshire
Bourne, Lincolnshire
Moses Swaibu (born 9 May 1989) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender.
During his career, Swaibu represented Lincoln City in the Football League, last playing for Whitehawk in 2013. He made a total of 165 league appearances, scoring four goals. In April 2015, he was sentenced to 16 months in prison for his role in a 2013 match fixing scandal.
Playing career
Crystal Palace
Schooled at The Archbishop Lanfranc School, Croydon, Swaibu joined the Crystal Palace academy at the age of 16 having been spotted playing for Croydon Schools and never having been previously associated with a professional club. Impressive progress in the academy saw him offered a professional contract at the culmination of his two-year scholarship, and awarded the Scholar of the Year and Vice-Presidents Young Player of the Year for the 2006–07 season.
Having signed a one-year professional contract with the club, he made the first team squad for the first time for the home game against Watford on 29 October 2007, where he was an unused substitute in a 2–0 defeat; the game though was notable for the Palace debut of the 15-year-old John Bostock.
In February 2008, Swaibu was loaned to Conference National side Weymouth, with Palace manager Neil Warnock hoping that the loan spell would improve his heading ability. Swaibu played a solitary game for Weymouth in the 2–1 defeat at Halifax Town on 1 March 2008 before returning to Selhurst Park. In May 2008, he was one of five players released by the club at the end of their contracts.
Lincoln City
Swaibu linked up with Bromley at the beginning of September 2008 on non-contract terms, debuting in the 2–2 home draw with Chelmsford City on 2 September 2008, and went on to make 20 league and cup appearances for the Lillywhites, during which he scored a horrific own-goal in the 3–3 draw with Thurrock. In January 2009, he commenced a trial with Lincoln City, and made his Football League debut for the club in the 1–1 draw at Morecambe on 10 February 2009. He scored his first goal for the club on 9 February 2010 during the 2–1 defeat away at Chesterfield, with an audacious chip from 20 yards. He went on to score twice more for the Imps. Having made 10 appearances that season, Swaibu was awarded the Young Player of the Year Award at the end of that season. After the club rejected a transfer bid from Birmingham City and Aston Villa he signed a new two-year deal under Peter Jackson. Moses went on and made over 60 appearances for the Imps in his two-year spell. He left Lincoln in January 2011 by mutual consent.
Kettering Town
Swaibu signed for Kettering Town on non-contract terms in October 2011. He left the club two months later, after making six appearances.
Bromley
In December 2011, he rejoined former club Bromley. On 27 April 2012, he signed a new deal with the club, keeping him there until the end of the 2012–13 season. He scored his first goal for the club in a 4–0 away win against Dorchester Town on 8 January 2013. He was not offered a new contract, and left the club at the end of the 2012–13 season.
Sutton United and Whitehawk
In July 2013 he agreed a three-month deal with Sutton United. He debuted for the club in their 4–1 Conference South victory over Staines Town on 20 August 2013 but made only one further appearance for the club before, at the beginning of September, he was released in order to find regular first team football. He quickly joined Whitehawk but left the club in November having failed to make the expected impact.
Match-fixing charge
In January 2014, Swaibu was charged with conspiracy to defraud, arising from an investigation into match fixing and an alleged betting syndicate. On 29 April 2015, Swaibu was found guilty at Birmingham Crown Court of conspiracy to commit bribery and jailed for sixteen months.
Honours
Bromley
London Senior Cup: 2012–13
References
External links
Lincoln City F.C. official archive profile
1989 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Bromley F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
English criminals
English Football League players
English footballers
Footballers from Islington (district)
Kettering Town F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
National League (English football) players
Prisoners and detainees of England and Wales
Sutton United F.C. players
Weymouth F.C. players
Whitehawk F.C. players
Edentaggart is a settlement of a few houses in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is located near the town of Alexandria.
The area is made up of Sheep farms and rolling hills.
Notable People
Hannah Rankin, Professional Boxer
References
Geography of Argyll and Bute
Hapoel Arad () was an Israeli football club based in Arad.
History
The club was founded in 1965 and played mostly in the lower divisions of Israeli football. In the 2004–05 season the club won Liga Bet South B division and were promoted to Liga Alef. Hapoel Arad finished their debut season in Liga Alef South division in the sixth place. However, they were relegated back to Liga Bet, after bottom finish in the following season. The club finished runners-up in Liga Bet South B division in the following season and made an immediate return to Liga Alef, through the Promotion play-offs, after they defeated Hapoel Tzafririm Holon in the decisive match, by a result of 4–1. Hapoel Arad played five seasons more in Liga Alef, up until the 2012–13 season when they finished third bottom, and relegated to Liga Bet, following a defeat in penalties to F.C. Kafr Qasim, after a goalless draw in the Relegation play-offs.
In the 2014–15 season of Liga Bet South B division, the club withdrew after playing 14 matches, due to major financial problems. The club players were released, and the club was dissolved at 14 January 2015.
Honours
League
External links
Hapoel Arad The Israel Football Association
References
Arad
Arad
Association football clubs established in 1965
1965 establishments in Israel
Association football clubs disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in Israel
Mathew R. John is an Indian poet. He is known for the poem "Another Letter from Another Father to Another Son", which won the First Prize in the India Poetry Competition 2013 organized by The Poetry Society (India) in collaboration with the MHRD.
Biography
Mathew John was born in Kerala (India). He is a resident of Kottayam.
See also
Indian English Literature
Indian Writing in English
Indian poetry
The Poetry Society (India)
Notes
Indian male poets
English-language poets from India
Malayali people
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
1968 engines
* NOTE: Listed as an option, but no cars produced with this engine
** NOTE: Mid-year option
1969 engines
*NOTE: Available with Ram Air Induction option
**NOTE: VIN code 'R' with Ram Air
1970 engines
*NOTE: Available with Ram Air Induction option
**NOTE: VIN code 'J' with Ram Air
1971 engines
*NOTE: Available with Ram Air Induction option
**NOTE: VIN code 'J' with Ram Air
1972 engines
Beginning in 1972 all Ford engines were rated SAE Net BHP and SAE net Torque, as installed in the vehicle
*NOTE: Available 2-door models only, Ram Air Induction optional
**NOTE: Ram Air Induction optional
***NOTE: Available with police "Interceptor" package only
1973 engines
*NOTE: Available in 2-door models only
**NOTE: Available with police "Interceptor" package only
1974 engines
*NOTE: Available in 2-door models only, not available in Gran Torino Elite
**NOTE: Available with police "Interceptor" package only
1975 engines
*NOTE: Available with police "Interceptor" package only
1976 engines
*NOTE: Available with police "Interceptor" package only
Ford vehicles
References
Brokaw, Jim. "The Invisible Cars - 350 Chevelle vs 351 Torino vs 318 Satellite". Motor Trend, June 1971
Brokaw, Jim. "The Long and the Short of It". Motor Trend, March 1972
Motor Repair Manual. Auto Repair Manual 1974–1979
Chilton's Repair Manual. Auto Repair Manual 1972–1979
Maunu is a suburb in the south west of Whangārei in Northland, New Zealand. A volcanic hill to the west is also called Maunu and has a peak 395 m above sea level. State Highway 14 runs through the suburb.
Demographics
Maunu is split between two statistical areas in the 2018 census. Pukenui is a mostly rural area on the west of the suburb, Maunu-Horohora is mostly urban and goes east towards central Whangārei.
Pukenui
Pukenui covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Pukenui had a population of 2,040 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 402 people (24.5%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 738 people (56.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 735 households, comprising 966 males and 1,077 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.9 males per female. The median age was 46.7 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 384 people (18.8%) aged under 15 years, 288 (14.1%) aged 15 to 29, 966 (47.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 402 (19.7%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 88.5% European/Pākehā, 11.2% Māori, 1.2% Pacific peoples, 6.9% Asian, and 2.1% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 20.9, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 47.5% had no religion, 42.8% were Christian, 1.2% were Hindu, 0.3% were Muslim, 0.7% were Buddhist and 1.6% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 387 (23.4%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 246 (14.9%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $38,400, compared with $31,800 nationally. 417 people (25.2%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 786 (47.5%) people were employed full-time, 300 (18.1%) were part-time, and 39 (2.4%) were unemployed.
Maunu-Horohora
Maunu-Horahora covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Maunu-Horahora had a population of 3,276 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 273 people (9.1%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 345 people (11.8%) since the 2006 census. There were 1,206 households, comprising 1,578 males and 1,701 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.93 males per female. The median age was 41.0 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 654 people (20.0%) aged under 15 years, 540 (16.5%) aged 15 to 29, 1,329 (40.6%) aged 30 to 64, and 753 (23.0%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 72.8% European/Pākehā, 20.5% Māori, 2.3% Pacific peoples, 15.5% Asian, and 2.3% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 28.0, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 42.9% had no religion, 43.1% were Christian, 3.0% were Hindu, 0.4% were Muslim, 0.6% were Buddhist and 3.4% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 594 (22.7%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 513 (19.6%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $27,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. 390 people (14.9%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,173 (44.7%) people were employed full-time, 321 (12.2%) were part-time, and 105 (4.0%) were unemployed.
Education
Pompallier Catholic College is a secondary (years 7-13) school with a roll of students as of It was founded in 1971 as a private boys' boarding school but became coeducational in 1977. In 1981 it closed the boarding facilities and became state integrated.
Maunu School is a contributing primary (years 1–6) school with a roll of students as of The school was established in 1884.
Both schools are coeducational.
Features
Barge Park Showgrounds on State Highway 14 is used for A&P shows, equestrian events and recreation.
There is a shopping complex on Tui Crescent, this includes a dairy, a pharmacy, and a takeaway shop.
There is also a cemetery located on 49 Cemetery Road. Maunu was first surveyed to be a cemetery in November 1892. In 1898 two hectares of land was vested in to the Maunu Cemetery Trusties until January 1922 when the Whangarei Borough Council took control. There have since been more additions to the cemetery.
Kiwi North
The Kiwi North precinct, located in Maunu, features the Whangarei Museum founded in 1890.
The site also includes Tuatara, Kiwi House and Heritage Park, incorporating the Clarke Homestead and other historical buildings relocated from around Whāngarei, the Northland Observatory, a garden centre and cafe, and various clubs and societies. The precinct features train rides and other events.
Notes
External links
Maunu School website
Pompallier Catholic College website
Suburbs of Whangārei
Bob Gallagher may refer to:
Bob Gallagher (baseball) (born 1948), former outfielder in Major League Baseball
Bob Gallagher (sportscaster), American sportscaster and radio host
Bob Gallagher (filmmaker), Irish Filmmaker
See also
Robert Gallagher (born 1969), English commercial and editorial photographer
Robert G. Gallager (born 1931), American electrical engineer
Atique Islam is a Bangladeshi academic. He is the current Vice-chancellor of North South University.
Education and career
Islam has B.Com and M.Com degrees from the University of Dhaka. He obtained another master's from the University of New South Wales and a Ph.D. from the University of Sydney.
Islam served as the pro-vice-chancellor of Edith Cowan University in Australia and the Dean of the Faculty of Business and Government at the University of Canberra. He is a fellow of CPA Australia and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia and New Zealand.
References
Living people
University of Dhaka alumni
University of New South Wales alumni
University of Sydney alumni
Vice-Chancellors of North South University
Year of birth missing (living people)
North South University faculty
Christopher John Glen (born 6 November 1950), known simply as Chris Glen, is a Scottish rock musician. He is best known for playing with The Sensational Alex Harvey Band from 1972 to 1978, and Michael Schenker Group from 1980 to 1984, 2008 to 2010, and 2016 to present. He currently performs with Michael Schenker Fest; featuring original MSG band members.
Early career and The Sensational Alex Harvey Band
Glen began his career as bassist for a band known as The Jade in 1969. That band changed their name to Mustard, which eventually was composed of Eddie Campbell (keyboards), Zal Cleminson (guitar), Chris Glen (bass, vocals), Gilson Lavis (drums) and Andi Mulvey (vocals). After changing their name to Tear Gas, Mulvey was replaced by David Batchelor, and Lavis was replaced by Richard Munro. This lineup recorded their first album Piggy Go Getter in 1970. Eventually another personnel change saw Campbell leave and Ted McKenna and his cousin Hugh McKenna take over for Munro and Batchelor (who went on to produce several SAHB albums). They recorded a second album Tear Gas in 1971. Neither album sold well.
In 1972, fellow Scotsman Alex Harvey joined forces with Tear Gas and together they formed The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. They played with the lineup of Harvey, Cleminson, Glen and the McKennas until a personnel change in 1978 which saw Hugh McKenna replaced by Tommy Eyre. Harvey who had left briefly in 1977, left the band for good in 1979. The band disbanded after that, only to be reformed in the early 1990s.
With GMT and Ian Gillan
Glen has performed with Brian Robertson (Thin Lizzy), Robin McAuley and Phil Taylor in a band called GMT (GLEN/MCAULEY/TAYLOR), and they recorded an album in 1985 titled Wargames. He also toured with Ian Gillan in 1990 for the Naked Thunder World Tour alongside fellow SAHB band member, Ted McKenna.
Reunion with The Sensational Alex Harvey Band
In 1992, Glen teamed up with former SAHB members Zal Cleminson & Ted McKenna to form The Party Boys which featured guest vocalists such as FISH, Dan McCafferty, and Stevie Doherty with Stone The Crows keyboardist Ronnie Leahy. This band lasted about 2 years before they decided to recruit SAHB keyboard player Hugh McKenna, and reform as SAHB, and also release a live album Live in Glasgow 93 featuring Stevie Doherty on vocals. This line-up of SAHB disbanded in 1995, before reforming in 2002 for a tribute night to Frankie Miller at The Barrowlands in Glasgow with ex Nazareth guitarist Billy Rankin on vocals. After a year 'Mad' Max Maxwell replaced Rankin on vocals.
SAHB released a live album titled Zalvation, which was their first official release since Rock Drill with Alex Harvey in 1977, and an Autobiography called SAHBSTORY, written by former tour manager and author Martin Keilty. The band performed numerous tours and festivals across the UK, Europe, and Australia before once again disbanding in 2008 after the departure of Zal Cleminson on guitar. The band carried out a handful of shows that were pre-booked with guitarist Julian Hutson Saxby but after that, they decided to move on to separate projects.
Recent activity
Since 2008, Glen has been involved with his own band Chris Glen and the Outfit. He also re-joined the Michael Schenker Group (MSG) from 2008 to 2010 to promote the album, In the Midst of Beauty. That was Glen's first tour with MSG since he left in 1984. He also performed on two tracks on Michael Schenker's 2010 album Temple of Rock.
Glen and Ted McKenna worked with Australian guitarist Gwyn Ashton, and Newcastle an album called Prohibition in 200, as well as perform live with guitarist Paul Rose.
He is a member of the reformed 1970's band Cafe Jacques, three-piece project Votadini, and, in early 2013, he toured with former AC/DC drummer Chris Slade for the latter's 50th Anniversary in music tour called Chris Slade's Timeline.
In 2016, Chris and Ted McKenna rejoined Michael Schenker for Michael Schenker Fest - a Celebration of the musical career of the rock guitar legend. They recorded in Tokyo the live DVD and double CD package Tokyo International Forum Hall A and 2018 their first studio album Resurrection. Sadly Ted McKenna died on 19 January 2019, and was replaced by Bodo Schopf. The band recorded 2019 their follow-up studio album Revelation.
Chris is still relatively active with his own band The Outfit performing shows in Glasgow and Edinburgh primarily.
Christmas concert
Every year, Glen puts his outfit together and performs a Christmas show using various musicians including:
David Cowan (ex-Keyboardist with Zal Cleminson's Sin Dogs. Also a member of SAHB tribute The SAHB Experience)
- played with The Outfit from 2013-2016. Currently works with Paul Rose / Band of Friends, Greig Taylor Band, and his own band The Meissner Effect.
Jon Morrison (Actor/Musician)
Julian Hutson Saxby (Guitarist with SAHB drummer Ted McKenna's solo project McKenna's Gold, Swans in Flight, and Nina Hagen). Band/SAHB/Katy Lied)
Chris Thomson (Vocalist/Guitarist with Cafe Jacques)
Stuart Clyde (Keyboardist with Glasgow/Cafe Jacques)
Davie Halley (RIP) (Drummer with Cafe Jacques). Also played with Glasgow.
Peter Higgins (Vocalist with Chris Slade's Timeline)
Gordon Bell (Solo Artist and Vocalist with Not The Sensational Alex Harvey Band / Giant Stone Eater / The Sinking Ships)
Johnny Bohran Watson (Bohran)
Wes Bird (Violinist)
References
External links
Chris Glen and the Outfit on Myspace
Chris Glen website
1950 births
Living people
Scottish bass guitarists
Scottish heavy metal bass guitarists
Musicians from Paisley, Renfrewshire
Michael Schenker Group members
Fort York was a provincial electoral district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1987 and was subsequently abolished in 1999 when the ridings were redistributed to match their federal counterparts. The riding had only two representatives:
Bob Wong who was elected in the 1987 provincial election; and,
Rosario Marchese who defeated Mr Wong in the 1990 provincial election. He was subsequently re-elected when the riding was redistributed and renamed Trinity-Spadina prior to the 1999 provincial election.
Boundaries
The riding occupied the central downtown area of Toronto. The western border zigzagged from the Lake along Atlantic Avenue, Dovercourt Road and Ossington Avenue to Bloor Street. It then followed Bloor east to Bathurst Street, then south on Bathurst to College Street, then east on College and then on Carlton Street past Yonge Street to Sherbourne Street. It then went south on Sherbourne to the lake. It then followed the lakeshore west back to the Atlantic. The riding also included the Toronto Islands.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Electoral results
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Elections Ontario
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
Provincial electoral districts of Toronto
1987 establishments in Ontario
1996 disestablishments in Ontario
Vladimir Ivanovich Fyodorov (; 5 January 1956 – 11 August 1979) was a Soviet football player. Fyodorov was one of the FC Pakhtakor Tashkent players killed in the 1979 Dniprodzerzhynsk mid-air collision.
Honours
Olympic bronze: 1976
International career
Fyodorov made his debut for USSR on October 30, 1974 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Ireland. He also played in 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament in either of those).
References
External links
Profile
Career Statistics from KLISF
1956 births
1979 deaths
People from Tashkent Region
Uzbekistani footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK players
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Footballers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Ukraine
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in football
Uzbekistani people of Russian descent
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Association football forwards
Wonggu Mununggurr (c.1880–1959) was an Aboriginal Australian artist and leader of the Djapu clan of the Yolngu people of northeast Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory of Australia.
Biography
Wonggu Mununggurr was born during 1880 in Northeast Arnhem land. Specifically, he was born in Caledon Bay to the Djapu clan and Dhuwa Moeity. The Djapu are also apart of a large group of aboriginal people known as Yolngu in the North-East Arnhem Land region. Three of his sons were arrested in 1934 for an assault on three Japanese trepangers. Eventually after extensive lobbying they were released in 1936. This led to Wonggu Mununggurr moving his family during the years of 1937-38 from Caledon Bay to the Yirrkala. From here he also helped Donald Thompson with guides and scouts for the area.
Wonggu was an elder in the Djapu clan. While having this high status, he is one of the Yolngu leaders in the Caldeon Bay area. This status stated that Wonggu could have many wives. He was married to multiple women throughout the clan, with whom he had many children. In addition, also brings many distant families for Wonggu. In these types of clans back in this time, most of the children take the same talents as the ancestors. It comes to no surprise that Wonggu's sons have also became well-known artists in this area alongside their dad. Wonggu would sit down with them and teach them how he does his specific style and adds their clan designs into them also.
Donald Thompson created this irregular warfare unit in 1941 during World War II called Northern Territory Special Reconnaissance Unit (NTSRU). NTSRU was mainly made up of aboriginal people from the Northern Territory of Arnhem Land, Australia; such as Wonggu and many of his sons.
Mununggurr met with Donald Thompson at Caledon Bay to set up peace between the nation and government. The friendship was sparked after Mununggurr's children were arrested and gave Thompson a "Måk" (message stick) to give to their father. In return, Mununggurr gave a Måk back to Thompson to deliver to his sons as word of trust to the Yolngu people. He gave Thompson some bark paintings as respect. In 1935, Mununggurr started painted his sacred miny'tl at Yirrkala. The confusing part about his paintings is that Mununggurr was painted the clan designs of Yirritja rather than his own clan designs which were Dhuwa.
In 1936 Wilbur Chaseling along with the support from the Northern Territory Administration (NTA) had surveyed Arnhem Land's coast and chose Yirrkala as the site for a new mission. This was a Methodist Overseas Mission (MOM) whose goal was to spread Christianity as well as help support the Yirrkala community. As the mission gained ground it sought funding from artwork made by local people, Wonggu Mununggurr included.
In 1947 Wonggu Mununggurr alongside many other leaders of the Yirrkala community did a series of paintings. These paintings were originally done in natural pigments on bark amounting to over 200 pieces. Anthropologists Catherine and Ronald Berndt commissioned those works for research and record of indigenous art. Soon thereafter these 200 works were produced the Berndt's recommissioned the art to be done on mediums of crayon and paper so that it could be transported without fear of destruction. Now many of Wonggu Mununggurr's crayon works are held in the Berndt Museum of Anthropology of the University of Western Australia, Perth.
Caledon Bay crisis
The Caledon Bay crisis became well known after the multiple killings that happened in the Northern territory of Caledon Bay in 1932-1934. This series of events went from just a few murders to multiple people going missing after trying to investigate the original murders. In conclusion to the Caldeon Bay Crisis, Donald Thompson was sent to the Northern Territory of Arnhem Land to investigate and hopefully deescalate the situation and stop the spread of similar causes throughout Australia. Because of this, Thompson was instructed to form the NTSRU unit as a defence system from the Japanese raids. From here, there was a strong connection between the Australian Aborigines and European governments, which in turn, sparked a friendly economic system through commission for their bark art.
In response to the whole crisis, Wonggu decided to move him family away from Caldeon Bay to Yirrkala.
Collections
Art Gallery of New South Wales
Berndt Museum of Anthropology, University of Western Australia
The Donald Thompson Collection on loan to Museums Victoria from the University of Melbourne
Significant exhibitions
Ancestral power and the aesthetic: Arnhem Land paintings and objects from the Donald Thomson Collection. Ian Potter Museum of Art, University of Melbourrne. 2 Jun 2009–23 Aug 2009.
Works
Wonggu Mununggurr (with sons, Maama, Mawunpuy and Natjiyalma), "Djapu clan, Dhuwa moiety Djapu minytji (Djapu clan design)," 1942 natural pigments on eucalyptus bark 189.4 x 105.2 cm.
Djapu clan, Dhuwa moiety Sacred and " 'just drawing' minytji (designs)," 1935 natural pigments on eucalyptus bark 60.6 x 143.9 cm.
Djapu clan, Dhuwa moiety " Marawat (brush/'hair of the head'), " 1935 human hair bound on wood with fibre 7.7 x 0.4 x 0.4 cm.
Wonggu Mununggurr, "Fish traps at Wandawuy," 1947, lumber crayon on butchers' paper.
Wonggu Mununggurr, "Macassan Prau," 1935-45, natural pigments on bark, 1005 x 825mm.
Wonggu Mununggurr, "Djambuwal (Thunderman) story," 1942, natural pigments on bark, 1052 x 1894mm.
References
External links
https://yirrkala.com/djapu/
1880 births
1959 deaths
Yolngu
Australian artists
DXKO (103.1 FM), on-air as 103.1 Gold FM, is a radio station owned and operated by Kalayaan Broadcasting System. The station's studio is located along Vinzon St., Digos City.
References
Radio stations established in 2008
Radio stations in Davao del Sur
Erinaceusyllis hartmannschroederae is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms. This species was previously described in Australia as Sphaerosyllis erinaceus and S. erinaceus erinaceus, a species distributed throughout the globe. These species appear to be a species complex. Previous descriptions stated that the two aforementioned species possess compound chaetae blades which are long and slender. Several subspecies of S. erinaceus were described on the basis of differences in shapes and sizes of their compound chaetae; such differences are enough to consider them as distinct species. The species is named in honour of Gesa Hartmann-Schröder, an expert on syllid species.
Description
The species' body is small, with a total length of and width of , including about 30 chaetigers. It possesses short papillae on its dorsum, parapodia and cirri. Its prostomium is ovate, showing 4 eyes in a trapezoidal arrangement, as well as 2 anterior eyespots. Its antennae have bulbous bases and short tips, its median antenna shorter than the combined length of its prostomium and palps. The palps are shorter than its prostomium, fused along their length. Its peristomium forms a trilobed hood, covering the prostomium.
It carries two densely ciliated nuchal organs. Its tentacular cirri and antennae are alike, but smaller, the dorsal cirri being longer than the tentacular cirri, being absent on chaetiger 2. Its parapodia are rectangular, with two small papillae.
It shows heteromorphic compound chaetae, with smooth shafts, provided with fine spines. The blades are short and unidentate, all similar in length, approximately ranging from 10 to 13µm. Its anterior parapodia count with about 6-7 compound chaetae. The number of posterior compound chaetae declines to a number of 5 on each posterior parapodium. Erinaceusyllis hartmannschroederae shows dorsal simple chaetae on anterior parapodia from chaetiger 1, provided sometimes with marginal spines. The ventral simple chaetae are slender and unidentate. Its acicula is solitary and acuminate.
The pharynx spans approximately 4 segments. Its pharyngeal tooth is placed near the opening. Its proventricle is long and wide, barrel-shaped, spanning 3 to 4 segments, with 18-20 muscle cell rows. Its pygidium is semicircular, with 2 anal cirri, similar to its dorsal cirri but rather longer and with papillae.
Distribution
E. hartmannschroederae is thought to inhabit the entire Australian continent; however the holotypes were initially found throughout the southern coast of Australia, from Byron Bay, New South Wales to Bundegi Reef, Western Australia, in all kinds of sediments, intertidal to depths of approximately .
References
Further reading
Aguado, M. Teresa, and Christoph Bleidorn. "Conflicting signal within a single gene confounds syllid phylogeny (Syllidae, Annelida)." Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 55.3 (2010): 1128-1138.
Aguado, M. Teresa, Guillermo San Martín, and Mark E. Siddall. "Systematics and evolution of syllids (Annelida, Syllidae)." Cladistics 28.3 (2012): 234-250.
Glasby, Christopher J., Paul C. Schroeder, and Maria Teresa Aguado. "Branching out: a remarkable new branching syllid (Annelida) living in a Petrosia sponge (Porifera: Demospongiae)." Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 164.3 (2012): 481-497.
Aguado, M. Teresa, Arne Nygren, and Mark E. Siddall. "Phylogeny of Syllidae (Polychaeta) based on combined molecular analysis of nuclear and mitochondrial genes." Cladistics 23.6 (2007): 552-564.
External links
WORMS entry
Syllidae
100% No Modern Talking is the debut EP by Australian electro house duo Knife Party. It was released 12 December 2011 as a free download on their website, Facebook, and SoundCloud, as well as being available for purchase on Beatport and iTunes. The EP originally was to feature "Back to the Z-List", but was replaced with "Destroy Them with Lazers" as Knife Party no longer liked their first choice. The album title refers to the "Modern Talking" wavetable in the software synthesizer Massive by Native Instruments, which creates the "talking" sound featured in popular dubstep tracks. Rob Swire has described it as "the Comic Sans of dubstep sounds".
Track listing
Charts
References
2011 debut EPs
Knife Party EPs
Raimo Vilén (born 10 August 1945) is a Finnish sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1956 season of the Primera División Peruana, the top category of Peruvian football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Sporting Cristal.
Results
Standings
External links
Peru 1956 season at RSSSF
Peruvian Football League News
Peru1
1956 in Peruvian football
Peruvian Primera División seasons
Somarama is one of the five Pancharama Kshetras that are sacred to the Hindu god Shiva. The temple is located in Bhimavaram of West Godavari district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is one of the centrally protected monuments of national importance.
Architecture and history
This temple is an old but looks like a new one because of paintings on the walls and sculptures.
At the front of the temple is a lotus covered pond called Chandrakundam, and there is a large Gopuram at the temple entrance. In the left side of temple there is a big hall in which temples of Lord Srirama and Hanuma are present.
On the right side of temple there is an open hall above the temple office. When a crowd is present, pujaris/pandits conduct puja here for individuals. The temple has many sculptures. In the hall of temple there is a big statue of Nandi. After crossing hall there is a room in front of sanctum. In that room there is a temple of Annapurna mata.
In the sanctum Lord Shiva is in the form of a beautiful Shivaling. Shivaling in this temple is small unlike in other Pancharamas. There is a specialty in this temple: Shivaling will change its color according to Lunar aspect. At the time of Pournami (full moon nights) shivaling will be in white color and during Amavasya days (dark nights) its color shades black.
Another unique feature is that the temple of Goddess Annapurna was built on top of the Shiva temple, something that cannot be seen anywhere in the country. Surprisingly, the Goddess has the sacred thread around her neck and a baby near her feet.
Here Lord Shiva is known as Someswara Swamy. The consort of Lord Someswara is Sri Rajarajeswari Ammavaru. The Sivalinga at this place is installed and established by Lord Chandra. Maha Shivaratri and Sarannavarathri are the main festivals celebrated at this temple.
To the south of the Garbha Gruham, Goddess Adilakshmi can be seen and wedding hall at ground and first floor are constructed. Marriages are conducted both in the new hall and also in Goddess Annapurna mantapam.
To the east side of this temple, there is a Pushkarini pond which is also called Soma Gundam. Inside the temple, Lord Anjaneya Swamy, God Kumara Swamy, Navagraha, Sun God, Lord Ganesha can be seen. In front of the main entrance, a 15-foot pillar is constructed. The pond in front of the entrance is always covered by lotus flowers.
References
Bhimavaram
Hindu temples in West Godavari district
Hindu holy cities
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Pancharama Kshetras
State protected monuments in Andhra Pradesh
Shiva temples in Andhra Pradesh
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1984 season.
Overview
Flying Camel won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1983
1
Taipei
Taipei
Go 101 was a Melbourne-based funk/pop band formed by David Wilson and Daniel Alan of the band Hue & Cry. Their debut single "Build It Up" saw them nominated for three awards at the ARIA Music Awards of 1989.
The band guested in Australian soap opera Neighbours in 1990.
Band members
David Wilson - keyboards, vocals
Daniel Alan - drums
Steven Brooks - guitar
Simon Kershaw - keyboards
Peter Badenoch - bass
James Allmand - keyboards
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Awards
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. Go 101 were nominated for three awards.
|-
| rowspan="3"| 1989
| rowspan="3"| "Build It up"
| ARIA Award for Best New Talent
|
|-
| ARIA Award for Breakthrough Artist – Single
|
|-
| ARIA Award for Highest Selling Single
|
|-
References
Australian funk musical groups
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups disestablished in 1990
Lao is generally a subject–verb–object language, but emphasis can move the object to the beginning of a sentence. The language lacks both agreement and case marking, but word order is very free, with predicate-argument relations determined largely through context. Lao is a right-branching language, much like other Southeast Asian languages and, to a lesser extent, Romance languages.
Politeness
Since Lao culture is stratified based on the age, occupation, wealth or clout of the speaker, one must afford differing amounts of respect based on the discrepancy between one person and another. That affects language as well; to make language more polite, more formal language, including of pronouns (which can otherwise be dropped) and more formal versions of them, and sentence-ending particles can be used. Also, ending particles also serve to soften and make one's speech more polite.
ແດ່ ( )
In addition to ending most general statements and the softening of imperatives and requests, it is also used to intensify the meaning (especially of adjectives and adverbs) more politely, to make the use of demonstrative pronouns more polite, or to indicate a certain amount or some extent of something.
ເດີ ( ) or ເດີ້ ( ) or ເດ ( )
They are used as a more intensive version of ແດ່, thus giving requests and demands more urgency and are used for statements that tend to be more emphatic. They are, therefore, not as polite. ເດ also has the sense of and what about or to indicate an equivalent to this as a demonstrative pronoun.
Nouns
Nouns are not marked for plurality, gender, or declension but may be single or plural. Unlike in English, nouns are not marked with articles. Measure words or classifiers (ລັກສະໜະນາມ, ) are often used to express plurals, as classifiers must be used to count objects, but the noun itself remains unchanged.
Verbs of physical action are easily converted into nouns by adding ການ (kan ) before the verb. Abstract actions and adjectives use ຄວາມ (khwam ) instead.
Pronouns
Pronouns (ສັບພະນາມ, ) are often dropped in informal contexts and replaced with nicknames or kinship terms, depending on the relation of the speaker spoken to (sometimes even spoken about). Pronouns can change based on register of speech, including the obsolete royal and the formal, informal and vulgar. In more formal language, pronouns are more often retained and more formal ones used. Pronouns can be pluralized by adding ພວກ ( ) in front: ພວກເຈົ້າ () for "you plural". Age and status determine usage. Younger children's names are often prefixed with ບັກ ( ) and ອີ ( ), respectively. Slightly older children are addressed to or have their names prefixed with ອ້າຍ ( ) and ເອື້ອຍ ( ), respectively, but ພີ່ ( ) is also common. Much older people may be politely dressed as aunt, uncle, mother, father, or even grandmother or grandfather, depending on their age. In a company setting, one's title is often used.
Demonstrative pronouns
Verbs
Lao verbs (ກະລິຍາ, ) are not conjugated for tense, mood, or pronoun. Tense is indicated by using time reference words, such as yesterday, next year, just now or by certain particles. Nouns that begin with ການ ( ) or ຄວາມ ( ), often nominalised verbs, become verbs again when those particles are dropped.
Copula
Lao has two forms of the verb to be, ເປັນ ( ) and ແມ່ນ ( ) which are somewhat interchangeable. As a general rule, the latter is not used to describe people.
Tense
In a general, in a short Lao sentence, the verb is often not marked for tense and can be taken from context, with words such as yesterday, tomorrow, later, etc. If the subject of when the events occurred is already known, they can also be left out and inferred from dialogue. However, there are several ways to mark tense in Lao:
Past
The most common way to indicate a completed action is to end a statement with ແລ້ວ ( ). That can also be used to indicate events that occurred in the recent past. One can also use the particle ໄດ້ ( ) preceding the verb, alone or in conjunction with ແລ້ວ, although this is less common and often used in negative statements and never for a continuous action.
Future
There are two markers used to indicate actions to be completed in the future, ຊິ ( ) and ຈະ ( ). Both of these always precede the verb. To indicate that something is just about to happen, one can say ກຳລັງຈະ ( ).
Progressive
Although no particle is generally needed to mark a present progressive statement, Lao uses three, ພວມ ( ) and ກຳລັງ ( ) before the verb, ຢູ່ (yu ) after it.
Modal verbs
Modal or auxiliary verbs (ວິກະຕິກະລິຍາ, vikatikaligna) are verbs that serve auxiliary function, such as want, obligation or need like English ought to, should, must, can, etc.
Obligation
ຄວນ ( ) Should, ought to
Need
ຕ້ອງ ( ) to need, must.
When the need is a noun, ຕ້ອງການ ( ) is used instead.
Want
ຢາກ, , to want, to desire
Used to express a want or desire. When this is a noun, then the form ຢາກໄດ້ (yak dai ) or the common verb ເອົາ (ao ) is used instead, but the latter is not as polite.
Can, be able to
ໄດ້ ( ) to get, to have, to be able to
That is used to indicate the ability to do something. It is the closest Lao word for the English verb can and in requests when English speakers would use may. When used in that sense, it follows the verb; before the verb, the meaning changes to to get or to have.
ເປັນ ( ) to be, to be able to
In addition to being a verb for the copula, it can also be used to indicate that one can do something because of knowing how to do it.
ສາມາດ...ໄດ້ ( ) to be able to, to be possible
It functions much like can but with the sense of being physically possible to do.
Enter, join
ເຂົ້າ, , to enter, to join, to participate
Used to indicate movement from one place to another inside, such as a house or building.
Recipiency
ໃຫ້, to give, to permit, to let
Used to indicate that the verb is intended for someone or something else or to express a desire, a wish, or a command.
Affirmation and negation
To say no is as simple as saying ບໍ່ ( ), and negation simply involves placing that word in front of the verb, adjective, adverb, or noun to be negated. To say yes, especially to indicate that one is listening, one uses ໂດຍ ( ), especially in formal situations, or ເຈົ້າ ( ). To answer a question, one often repeats the verb of action that was used in the question to indicate that that action was or will be completed. One can also use ແມ່ນ ( ), especially if the question had ແມ່ນ, as an element of the interrogative particle.
Adverbs and adjectives
Little distinction can be made between adjectives and adverbs, as any adjective that could logically be used to modify a verb can also be used as an adverb. They are often duplicated to indicate a superlative and can even be modified like verbs, mainly by the lack of a copula to link the object and adjective/adverb. Adjectives come after the noun.
Equivalence, comparatives, and superlatives
To indicate that something is the same, one uses ຄືກັນ ( ). To indicate that one is similar to something else, one uses ຄືກັບ ( ).
Comparatives take the form "A ກວ່າ ( ) B", or A is more than B. The superlative is expressed by "A ທີ່ສຸດ ( )", or A is the best. All adjectives can be altered in this way:
Questions
Lao uses special tag words at the beginning or the end of the sentence to indicate a question, so the modern use of the question mark (?) is redundant.
Yes-no questions end in ບໍ່ ( ), but Lao also has other sentence interrogative finals that indicate whether or not the speaker expects an answer, knows the answer to be expected, will be surprised, or is rhetorically asking a question, but they are generally used only in conversational settings.
Other common interrogatives
Who? ຜູ້ໃດ ( ) and its common short form ໃຜ ( )
What? ຈັ່ງໃດ ( ) and its common short form ຫຽັງ ( )
Where? ໃສ ( )
When? ເມື່ອໃດ ( ), and many others.
There are numerous ways to ask when something will occur, many of which are formed by adding ໃດ ( ) which after a noun marking time, e.g., ເວລາໃດ ( ), ຍາມໃດ ( ), and ປານໃດ ( ).
Why? ເປັນຈັ່ງໃດ ( )
The phrase by itself can also mean What's wrong?, but can also ask why or for what reason a condition is occurring.
How? ແນວໃດ ( )
There are numerous ways to ask how?, some interchangeable with Lao equivalents for what? and why? but in the sense of how something is accomplished or done, one can also use ເຊັ່ນໃດ ( ), ຢ່າງໃດ ( ) or ດັ່ງໃດ ( ).
How Much/Many? (General Things) ຈັກ ( )
How Much? (Price) ເທົ່າໃດ ( ) or its variant ທໍ່ໃດ ( )
Right? Correct? ແມ່ນບໍ່ ( )
Already? Yet? ແລ້ວບໍ່ ( )
Or not? ຫຼືບໍ່ ( )
Eh? ຫຼື ( )
This is a rather informal interrogative particle equivalent to English eh? or hmm? or huh?.
Answers to questions usually just involve repetition of the verb and any nouns for clarification.
Question: ສະບາຍດີບໍ່ ( ) Are you well?
Response: ສະບາຍດີ ( ) I am well or ບໍ່ສະບາຍ (bo sabai ) I am not well.
Words asked with a negative can be confusing and should be avoided. The response, even without the negation, will still be negated by the nature of the question.
ບໍ່ສະບາຍບໍ່ ( ) Are you not well?
Response: ບໍ່ສະບາຍ ( ) I am well.
Classifiers
Classifiers (ລັກສະນະນາມ, ) are used for when referring to a number of things, either a group or a finite amount. Classifiers can be used in place of the counted noun when context makes it sufficient. There are many classifiers, which is daunting, and it is better to double the noun or the more common ones such as ທີ່ ( ) or ໂຕ ( ). For single items, the classifier comes before the number; for more, the classifier comes after it.
The classifiers can sometimes be used in place of the nouns they group in context.
Possession
To indicate that object X belongs to object Y, Lao uses the construction X ຂອງ Y. ຂອງ ( ) can also be omitted without changing the meaning.
References
Enfield, N. J. (2007). A grammar of Lao. Berlin, Germany: Mouton de Gruyter.
Cummings, J. (2002). Lao phrasebook. Footscray, Australia: Lonely Planet Publishers.
(in Thai) ภาษาและวรรณกรรมท้องถิ่นล้านนา : ฉบับสำนวนภาษากำเมือง [Northern Thai dialect and folk literature of Lanna]. Bangkok: Faculty of Humanities, MCU. 2009. . http://catalogue.nla.gov.au/Record/4697444.
Mollerup, A. (2001). Thai- isan- lao phrasebook. Bangkok, Thailand: White Lotus.
SEAlang Library Lao Lexicography. (2010, 13 February). Retrieved from .
Lao language
Kra–Dai grammars
Aguirregaray is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Matías Aguirregaray (born 1989), Uruguayan footballer, son of Óscar
Óscar Aguirregaray (born 1959), Uruguayan footballer and manager
Gusan-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Gusan-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
is a private junior college in Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan, established in 1967.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kōchi Prefecture
The ICFAI Business School Hyderabad (IBS Hyderabad) is a business school in India. It was founded in 1995 and is located in Dontanapalli, Shankarpally Road, Hyderabad.
IBS Hyderabad is a constituent of the ICFAI Foundation for Higher Education (IFHE), a Deemed-to-be-University as per the UGC Act 1956. IBS Hyderabad is accredited by Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) in 2020.
History
IBS Hyderabad was established in 1995. It is promoted by the ICFAI Group. Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) is a not-for-profit educational society founded by N.J. Yasaswy, Besant C. Raj and Dr. Prasanna Chandra in the year 1984. After the establishment of IFHE in 2008, IBS Hyderabad became its first constituent.
Programs
The major programs offered at IBS Hyderabad are MBA, PhD and BBA. As of 2020, it is also the only institution in India that is offering AACSB-accredited programs at the undergraduate, post graduate and doctoral levels. IBS Hyderabad also offers a number of certificate courses in Management. ICFAI Business School (IBS) offered scholarship program worth 10 crores to students.
IBS Case Research Center
IBS Hyderabad has adopted the case method of pedagogy. The IBS Case Research Center is a center of excellence at the institution. Led by Debapratim Purkayastha, the center has developed more than 6,500 case studies that are used in leading schools across the world. The center has a number of bestselling cases and regularly wins awards in international competitions. In 2020, number of bestselling cases from IBS was next only to that of Harvard Business School. In terms of awards won at The Case Centre since 2011, IBS Hyderabad was next only to Harvard Business School and INSEAD.
Accreditation and ranking
IBS Hyderabad is accredited by the AACSB in 2020.
IBS Hyderabad is also SAQS (South Asian Quality Assurance System) accredited, an accreditation conferred by The Association of Management Development Institutions in South Asia (AMDISA), since 2006.
The faculty of Management of IFHE, i.e. IBS Hyderabad, was ranked 25th by the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) management ranking in 2020.
In 2018, it had obtained its highest rank of 22nd in NIRF.
References
Higher education in India
Management education in India
Business education
1995 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 1995
Amalia "Malí" Guzmán (born 27 June 1961) is a Uruguayan playwright, journalist, and writer of children's literature.
Biography
Malí Guzmán trained as an actress at the school and as a theatrical and television set designer at the (EMAD). She was a disciple of the plastic artist Enrique Badaró from 1990 to 1994.
She is the author of several plays aimed at children. In 2001 her work Cuentos de brujas disparatadas was nominated for the in the best children's show category. This work adapts freely and integrates stories of Valerie Thomas (La bruja Berta), (El mayor tesoro) and Mercè Company (Nana Bunilda come pesadillas). She also adapted the novel Aventuras y desventuras de Casiperro del Hambre by Graciela Montes, with the title of Casiperro, and is co-author of the theatrical work for adults Buenas noches, Afrodita, together with Arturo Fleitas and Serrana Ibarra.
As a journalist, she develops children's literature in various media: in El País Cultural (El País supplement); in the magazines Quehacer educativo, ¿Te cuento?, Padres, Madres & Hijos, Revista Latinoamericana de Literatura Infantil (Colombia, of whose editorial board she is a member), Educación y Biblioteca (Spain); in CX 22 with a weekly segment on children's literature (1996), and on the children's programing of (1999). From 1995 to 2000, she edited the children's literature section in the magazine El Estante. In 2006, she produced the program La Banda for Televisión Nacional, a children's news show led by children from 6 to 11 years old, for which she won a Tabaré Award in the category of the best television program for children. The following year she was a programming advisor for children and adolescents on the same channel.
Guzmán chaired the advisory council of the International Board on Books for Young People (IBBY). Since 2008, she has been advising the Ministry of Education and Culture (MEC) on the National Reading Plan, and since 2010 has coordinated the National System of Public Libraries.
In 1992, her ¿Cómo se llama este libro? took the first prize in the children's literature competition organized by Amauta and the MEC. In 1996 the National Audiovisual Institute awarded her the fiction television category prize (for adults) for Molinos de viento, in co-authorship with Raquel Costa. In 2001, Un lugar para mí (cuentos de amor, oído y garganta) won the Second National Literature Prize in the children's books category.
In 2003, Guzmán won second prize in the books category for Adivinanzas en la escuela (y otros chimentos escolares), written in collaboration with the illustrator . She was a finalist for the Latin American prize for children's literature, organized by the Norma publishing house and the Fundalectura de Colombia foundation, with El robo. This work was published under the title El robo de mi cumpleaños. In 2008, with the works Agustín caminador and Cosas raras, she won the first and second prizes respectively in the Unpublished Children's Literature category of the MEC's Annual Literature Award. In 2010 she won in the Published Children's Literature category for Cayó la noche, and in 2012 she won again in the Unpublished category for Caleidoscopio (rimas y canciones). In 2015 she won the second prize in the Published category for her book Agustín Caminador at the MEC's Annual Literature Awards.
She is co-author of the "Caza-curiosos" children's collection of the Alfaguara publishing house. She has coordinated workshops on children's literature, reading projects, and other literary activities with children, adolescents, teachers, and parents. She has been a member of juries in several competitions, including several films for children, sponsored by Cinemateca Uruguaya.
Works
Un lugar para mí (Cuentos de amor, oído y garganta) (Alfaguara, 2001)
¿Cómo se llama este libro? (Alfaguara, 2002)
Te odio, Clap (Alfaguara, 2003)
Adivinanzas en la escuela (y algunos chimentos escolares) (Alfaguara, 2003) with the illustrator
Adivinanzas de terror (y otros chimentos horrorosos) (Alfaguara, 2003) with the illustrator Sergio López Suárez
El robo de mi cumpleaños (Trilce, 2005)
Cayó la noche (Ediciones SM, Argentina, 2008)
El oído del Diablo (Trilce)
Auxilio ¡madres! (Fin de Siglo, 2013)
Agustín Caminador (Banda Oriental, 2014)
Collection Renata tiene cosas (Banda Oriental, 2015)
Theater
Cuentos de brujas disparatadas (2001)
Casiperro (2002)
Buenas noches, Afrodita
References
1961 births
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century journalists
21st-century dramatists and playwrights
21st-century journalists
Living people
Scenographers
Uruguayan children's writers
Uruguayan women dramatists and playwrights
Uruguayan journalists
Uruguayan women journalists
Uruguayan women children's writers
Writers from Montevideo
21st-century Uruguayan women writers
20th-century Uruguayan women writers
Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody (anti-GBM Ab) is an antibody which is found in Goodpasture's syndrome but not found in microscopic polyangiitis.
Some sources consider "anti-GBM disease" and "Goodpasture disease" to be synonymous terms describing histological presentation, reserving the term "Goodpasture syndrome" for clinical presentation.
See also
glomerular basement membrane
References
External links
Autoantibodies
The 2024 Greater Manchester mayoral election is scheduled to be held on 2 May 2024 to elect the Mayor of Greater Manchester. The election will take place the same day as council elections within the city region, including the election for the Mayor of Salford, as well as local elections across England and Wales and potentially the next United Kingdom general election.
Background
The Mayor of Greater Manchester serves as the directly elected leader of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority. The Mayor has power over an investment directly to the combined authority from the government of £30 million a year for 30 years from 2017. The Mayor also incorporates the Police and Crime Commissioner role of the Greater Manchester Police into their post. In addition to these, the mayor has authority over strategic housing planning, transport, adult educationand skills, social care and others.
The first ever election was held in 2017. The Labour candidate Andy Burnham was elected as the inaugural mayor; he was successful in his bid for re-election in 2021 with 67% in the first round, winning without a need to go to the second round.
Electoral system
As the law currently stands, the election will use a supplementary vote system, in which voters express a first and a second preference for candidates.
If a candidate receives more than 50% of the first preference vote, that candidate wins.
If no candidate receives more than 50% of first preference votes, the top two candidates proceed to a second round and all other candidates are eliminated.
The first preference votes for the remaining two candidates stand in the final count.
Voters' ballots whose first and second preference candidates are eliminated are discarded.
Voters whose first preference candidates have been eliminated and whose second preference candidate is one of the top two have their second preference votes added to that candidate's count.
This means that the winning candidate has the support of a majority of voters who expressed a preference among the top two.
However, in early 2021 the Home Secretary Priti Patel announced that the government would bring forward legislation to change the voting system used to elect all mayoral elections in England and Wales to first past the post.
All registered electors living in Greater Manchester aged 18 or over on 2 May 2024 will be entitled to vote in the mayoral election. Those who are temporarily away from Greater Manchester (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) will also be entitled to vote in the mayoral election. The deadline to register to vote in the election will be announced nearer the election.
Candidates
Labour Party
Andy Burnham has been the mayor of Greater Manchester since 2017 and before that the Member of Parliament (MP) for Leigh from 2001 to 2017. There has been heavy speculation that Burnham will re-stand as a MP and bid to become a future Labour leader. Burnham has repeatedly stated that he will complete a full second term of the mayoralty and has not specified beyond that point. Burnham was a candidate for Labour Party leadership in 2015 and in 2010. After joining the Labour Party in January 2022, former professional footballer Gary Neville was linked with a potential run as Greater Manchester mayor, which he refused to rule out.
References
G
Elections in Greater Manchester
Mayoral elections in England
May 2024 events in the United Kingdom
2020s in Greater Manchester
Litholingia is an extinct genus of lacewing insect which existed in what is now China during the Middle Jurassic period. It contains the species L. ptesa, L. rhora, L. eumorpha, and L. polychotoma.
References
Prehistoric insect genera
Neuroptera genera
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Insects described in 2011
Jurassic insects
Insects of China
Clostridium lacusfryxellense is a psychrophilic, Gram-positive, spore-forming and anaerobic bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from a microbial mat from Lake Fryxell in Antarctica.
References
Bacteria described in 2003
lacusfryxellense
The Patriotic Union for Democracy and Progress (Union Patriotique pour la Démocratie et le Progrès, UPDP) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. It is led by Auguste-Célestin Gongarad Nkoua
In opposition to President Pascal Lissouba, the UPDP joined with six other parties to form the Union for Democratic Renewal (URD) opposition coalition on 27 August 1992.
In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won 2 out of 137 seats.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
In computer graphics, constriction is a method of decreasing the resolution of a video. The video quality is decreased to allow non authorized users to see video with lower degree of detail in cases where extra costs or licensing is required to view the full resolution source.
Examples
Some videos, such as films, require that a person has a license in order to view or share the content. The owners or creators of the content may not want the public to have access to the full resolution version as that might encourage unauthorised use or distribution of the media. Such behaviour could lead to a monetary loss for the owners. Furthermore, use of the media in other works might lead to the creators being uncredited. Therefore, licensing can also act as a form of permissions, blocking unfavoured parties from abusing the content.
To reduce the resolution of video, the frame of image being shown is rendered in memory with a lower fidelity or detail. Compression techniques may also be used to make the content visibly different than the source. Media that is royalty free or public domain usually do not have any constrictions. Instead of lowering resolution, hindrances such as watermarks may also be used to disincentivize people from accessing or using the content freely.
Implementation
Constriction can be executed through rather rudimentary software, although it can be accelerated using a video card. Compression is an easy way to lower fidelity, and as a result also reduces the file size, which may help in distributing the media to multiple unlicensed parties.
Computer graphics
Subclavian steal syndrome (SSS), also called subclavian steal steno-occlusive disease, is a constellation of signs and symptoms that arise from retrograde (reversed) blood flow in the vertebral artery or the internal thoracic artery, due to a proximal stenosis (narrowing) and/or occlusion of the subclavian artery. This flow reversal is called the subclavian steal or subclavian steal phenomenon, regardless of signs/symptoms being present. The arm may be supplied by blood flowing in a retrograde direction down the vertebral artery at the expense of the vertebrobasilar circulation. It is more severe than typical vertebrobasilar insufficiency.
Signs and symptoms
Presyncope (sensation that one is about to faint)
Syncope (fainting)
Neurologic deficits
Blood pressure differential between the arms
severe memory problems
hands showing circulation problems (hands can have blotchy patches of red and white) (associated with other stigmata of vascular disease (e.g. vascular insufficiency ulcers of the fingers).
Causes
There are multiple processes that can cause obstruction of the subclavian artery before the vertebral artery, giving opportunity for SSS.
Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of SSS; all atherosclerotic risk factors are risk factors for SSS.
Thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) increases the risk for SSS. TOS doesn't directly cause SSS, because the site of subclavian artery compression is over the first rib, which is distal to the vertebral artery. TOS has been reported to cause stroke through theorized clot propagation towards the vertebral artery; a similar mechanism could explain how TOS causes SSS. Presence of a cervical rib is a risk factor for both TOS and SSS.
Takayasu's arteritis is a disease causing inflammation of arteries, including the subclavian artery. Inflammation leaves behind dense scar tissue, which can become stenotic and restrict blood flow.
SSS can be iatrogenic, meaning a complication or side effect of medical treatment, one example being the obstructive fibrosis or thrombosis resulting from repair of aortic coarctation. Another example is Blalock–Taussig anastomosis for treatment of tetralogy of Fallot. The procedure involves dividing the subclavian artery and reconnecting the proximal portion to the pulmonary arteries, leaving the vertebral artery as the primary supply to the distal subclavian artery.
Various congenital vascular malformations cause SSS, examples including aortic coarctation and interrupted aortic arch.
Pathophysiology
Classically, SSS is a consequence of a redundancy in the circulation of the brain and the flow of blood.
SSS results when the short low resistance path (along the subclavian artery) becomes a high resistance path (due to narrowing) and blood flows around the narrowing via the arteries that supply the brain (left and right vertebral artery, left and right internal carotid artery). The blood flow from the brain to the upper limb in SSS is considered to be stolen as it is blood flow the brain must do without. This is because of collateral vessels.
As in vertebral-subclavian steal, coronary-subclavian steal may occur in patients who have received a coronary artery bypass graft using the internal thoracic artery (ITA), also known as internal mammary artery. As a result of this procedure, the distal end of the ITA is diverted to one of the coronary arteries (typically the LAD), facilitating blood supply to the heart. In the setting of increased resistance in the proximal subclavian artery, blood may flow backward away from the heart along the ITA, causing myocardial ischemia due to coronary steal. Vertebral-subclavian and coronary-subclavian steal can occur concurrently in patients with an ITA CABG.
Hemodynamics
Blood, like electric current, flows along the path of the least resistance. Resistance is affected by the length and width of a vessel (i.e. a long, narrow vessel has the greatest resistance and a short, wide one the least), but crucially in the human body width is generally more limiting than length because of Poiseuille's Law. Thus, if blood is presented with two paths, a short one that is narrow (with a high overall resistance) and a long one that is wide (with a low overall resistance), it will take the long and wide path (the one with the lower resistance).
Vascular anatomy
The blood vessels supplying the brain arise from the vertebral arteries and internal carotid arteries and are connected to one another by communicating vessels that form a circle (known as the circle of Willis).
Blood flow
Normally, blood flows from the aorta into the subclavian artery, and then some of that blood leaves via the vertebral artery to supply the brain.
In SSS a reduced quantity of blood flows through the proximal subclavian artery. As a result, blood travels up one of the other blood vessels to the brain (the other vertebral or the carotids), reaches the basilar artery or goes around the cerebral arterial circle and descends via the (contralateral) vertebral artery to the subclavian (with the proximal blockage) and feeds blood to the distal subclavian artery (which supplies the upper limb and shoulder).
Diagnosis
The evaluation for this condition includes:
Doppler ultrasound
CT angiography
Differential diagnosis
Stroke
Treatment
Management for this condition includes:
Carotid subclavian bypass
Stent and balloon angioplasty
Endarterectomy
Additional images
See also
Vascular access steal syndrome
Peripheral artery disease
References
External links
Subclavian Steal Syndrome - emedicine.com
Vascular surgery
Neurological disorders
Syndromes affecting the nervous system
Scriptown was the name of the first subdivision in the history of Omaha, which at the time was located in Nebraska Territory. It was called "Scriptown" because scrip was used as payment, similar to how a company would pay employees when regular money was unavailable. Its original survey placed the location from the Missouri River to North 30th Street, Cuming to Fort Street.
About
The Omaha Land Company, made of businessmen including representatives from the Lone Tree Ferry Company that founded Omaha City, "secured" land around the city of Omaha in late 1854. This was quickly subdivided and lots were quickly distributed to persuade influential legislators who supported Omaha City becoming the territorial capitol.
Colonel Lorin Miller, later mayor of Omaha, surveyed Scriptown in the spring and summer of 1855. It was bound by 16th street on the east, 24th on the west and Cuming Street on the south to Fort Street on the north.
The area was developed quickly, and included a number of prominent homes. Neighborhoods eventually formed from Scriptown included Gifford Park, Kountze Place, Prospect Hill, Saratoga and the Near North Side. These areas were incorporated into the city of Omaha in 1877.
See also
Baker v. Morton
External links
Map showing Scriptown's boundaries
References
Pioneer history of Omaha, Nebraska
Neighborhoods in Omaha, Nebraska
Populated places established in 1855
1855 establishments in Nebraska Territory
Gautam Radhakrishna Desiraju is an Indian chemist and educationist who has contributed substantially to the themes of crystal engineering and weak hydrogen bonding. He has authored books on these subjects in 1989 and 1999. He has co-authored a textbook in crystal engineering (2011). He is one of the most highly cited Indian scientists (h index = 100) and has been recognised by awards such as the Alexander von Humboldt Forschungspreis 2000, the ISA Medal for Science 2018 of the University of Bologna, the van der Waals Prize 2023 of ICNI Strasbourg, and the TWAS Prize in Chemistry 2000. He served as President of the International Union of Crystallography for the triennium 2011–2014. He is the author of a book on the Constitution of India and governance structures (2022) entitled "Bharat: India 2.0".
Biography
Gautam Desiraju was born 21 August 1952 in Madras, India. He had his schooling in Cathedral and John Connon Boys School in Bombay and obtained his BSc (1972) from St. Xavier's College, Bombay. He obtained his PhD (1976) from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he worked under the supervision of David Y. Curtin and Iain C. Paul. He worked between 1976 and 1978 in the Research Laboratories of Eastman Kodak Company in Rochester, NY. From 1978 to 1979 he was a research fellow in the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He joined the University of Hyderabad in 1979 as a lecturer and was promoted as reader in 1984 and professor in 1990. He spent a year (1988–1989) in the CR&D department of DuPont in Wilmington as a visiting scientist. After 30 years in the University of Hyderabad, he joined the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore in 2009. He is a member of the editorial advisory boards of Angewandte Chemie, Chemical Communications and the Journal of the American Chemical Society. He is a past president of the International Union of Crystallography during 2011–2014. He was the chair of the first Gordon Research Conference in Crystal Engineering, 2010 and is now a member of the Vice Chancellor's Strategic Advisory Council of the University of Petroleum & Energy Studies (UPES) Dehradun, as well as a member of the Academic Council of Rishihood University Sonepat. He is a recipient of an honorary doctorate degree of the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, Argentina, the Rayalaseema University, Kurnool and of the Gulbarga University, Kalaburagi. He organized, in August 2017, the 24th Congress and General Assembly of the International Union of Crystallography in Hyderabad. He was awarded the Acharya P. C. Ray Medal (2015) of the University of Calcutta for innovation in science and technology, the ISA Medal (2018) for Science of the University of Bologna and the van der Waals Prize (2023) by ICNI, Strasbourg.
Major research contributions
Desiraju's contribution to the subject of crystal engineering has focus on the concept of the supramolecular synthon, which is a small sub-structural unit that is an adequate enough representation of the entire crystal structure of a molecular solid. The major problem in crystal engineering is that the prediction of a crystal structure from a molecular structure is very difficult and not easily derivable from functional groups. Identification of supramolecular synthons simplifies this otherwise intractable problem. The supramolecular synthon concept is now widely used by crystal engineers in the design of molecular crystals and pharmaceutical co-crystals, which are important from scientific and commercial viewpoints. Crystal engineering is effectively like supramolecular synthesis in the solid state, and there is a direct analogy between the supramolecular synthon of Desiraju and the molecular synthon that was proposed for organic synthesis by E. J. Corey.
Desiraju's second area of contribution focuses on weakly activated groups like the C-H group can act as donors of hydrogen bonds in molecular and biomolecular systems. These weak hydrogen bonds had been discussed sporadically since the 1930s, but it was only after the 1980s that the idea of a weakly activated group forming hydrogen bonds gained acceptance in the chemical community. Desiraju was among the few structural chemists who argued in those early days that the C-H...O and other weak interactions have a hydrogen bond character.
Desiraju has authored around 479 research papers and a total of 512 publications as given in the Web of Science. In addition to the three books on crystal engineering and hydrogen bonding, he has edited three multi-author books on these topics in structural chemistry. He has guided the PhD work of nearly 40 students over the past 43 years.
General writing
Desiraju has authored several commentaries on science, the evolution of chemistry as a subject, emergence and complexity, and research habits and practices in various cultures. He has also written articles about the state of science education and research in India,, and about the current status of chemistry research in India, where he has identified problems and suggested solutions in situations that are, in part, expected in a country that is rooted in the traditional but yet aspires for the contemporary.
Desiraju strongly believes that if a sense of "Indian-ness" is inculcated in Indian students and young scientists, a modern
competitive spirit and adherence to professionalism will enter the education and research area of India automatically. He feels that this essential spirit is now largely lacking and that it is the chief cause of the present sluggishness in our R&D sectors. It is in this spirit that he has written his most recent book "Bharat: India 2.0" which describes India as a civilisational state where the concept of dharma needs to be explicitly invoked in the constitution and where the full diversity of the country is optimally showcased.
More is given in his web page at desiraju.in
ISI Ratings
His has written four books. His first (single author) book on crystal engineering (1989) has around 4000 cites. His second book (co-authored with Thomas Steiner in 1999) on the weak hydrogen bond has around 7500 cites. His third book is a textbook on crystal engineering (2010) and is co-authored with J. J. Vittal and A. Ramanan. His 1995 review in Angewandte Chemie has been cited more than 5000 times and is the paper with the second largest number of citations from India. Seven of his 479 publications have been cited 1000 or more times, 14 over 500, 41 over 200, and 81 over 100. As of July 2022, he has an h-index of 100 in Web of Science and this makes him the second most highly cited scientist in India, and the one with the highest m-index. His fourth book Bharat: India 2.0 (2022), the first non-scientific one, is referred to above.
References and notes
External links
Desiraju Homepage
1952 births
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Indian Institute of Science faculty
Indian crystallographers
TWAS laureates
Indian chemists
Indian scientists
Living people
Telugu people
The 2015–16 Liga III is the 60th season of the Liga III, the third tier of the Romanian football league system. The season began on 28 August.
Teams
At the end of 2014-15 season, Bucovina Pojorâta (Seria I), Dunărea Călărași (Seria II), Chindia Târgoviște, (Seria III), UTA Arad (Seria IV) and FCM Baia Mare (Seria V) promoted to Liga II.Nine teams were relegated to Liga IV: Ceahlăul II Piatra Neamț and FC Păpăuți (Seria I), Viitorul Axintele and Oțelul II Galați (Seria II), Muscelul Câmpulung and Astra II (Seria III), Minerul Valea Copcii (Seria IV), Gloria Bistrița and Unirea Dej (Seria V).Last four teams from 2014–15 Liga II were relegated to Liga III: Unirea Slobozia and Săgeata Năvodari (Seria I), Olt Slatina and Fortuna Poiana Câmpina (Seria II).The winners of the Liga IV Promotion Play-Offs were promoted to Liga III: Performanța Ighiu, FC Aninoasa, Luceafărul Oradea, Înfrățirea Hărman, Olimpia Râmnicu Sărat, CSM Oltenița, Viitorul II Constanța, AFC Odorheiu Secuiesc, Cetate Deva, Voluntari II, Comuna Recea, CS Universitatea II Craiova, Speranța Răucești, Sporting Turnu Măgurele, Petrolistul Boldești, Luceafărul Bălan, Inter Dorohoi, ASU Politehnica Timișoara, Atletico Vaslui, Măgura Cisnădie and CS Panciu.
After the end of the last season, Săgeata Năvodari, Fortuna Poiana Câmpina, CSC Sânmartin and Olt Slatina were dissolved.
FCM Târgoviște, Metropolitan Ișalnița, Speranța Răucești, Știința Turceni and CS Vișina Nouă did not enter in the competition.
Arieșul Turda was excluded for unpaid debts.
Muscelul Câmpulung and Unirea Dej were spared from relegation.
Renamed teams
Argeșul Pitești was renamed SCM Pitești.
Înfrățirea Hărman was renamed AFC Hărman.
Viitorul Craiova was moved to Ișalnița and renamed Metropolitan Ișalnița.
Vulturii Lugoj was renamed CSM Lugoj.
Inter Clinceni was moved from Clinceni to Slatina and was renamed as Inter Olt Slatina.
Kosarom Pașcani was renamed as CSM Pașcani.
Vulturii Lugoj was renamed as CSM Lugoj.
League tables
Seria I
Seria II
Seria III
Seria IV
Seria V
References
2015
3
Romania
Crystal Taliefero-Pratt (née Taliefero) is an American multi-instrumentalist and vocalist. Taliefero grew up with a musical family, performing rhythm and blues with her brother in the Chicago metropolitan area. During her college years she was discovered by John Mellencamp, who helped guide her to a career as a professional musician. Taliefero performed with several artists throughout the 80s and 90s. In 1989 she was hired as a studio musician for the Billy Joel Band, and she has been touring and recording with them ever since.
Early life
Born in Bourne, Massachusetts, Taliefero spent most of her childhood in Hammond, Indiana. By the age of 11 she had begun performing rhythm and blues around Hammond and nearby Gary, Indiana, where her family moved two years later. She joined her brother Charles in the singing group Black Mist (later renamed Magic Mist), who performed in the Chicago area.
Taliefero attended William A. Wirt High School where she was a top athlete and graduated in 1981. She studied music at Indiana University, eventually making the dean's list. There, Taliefero was part of the Indiana University Soul Revue, Dr. James Mumford tutoring her. She was a member of Delta Sigma Theta sorority.
Career
In college Taliefero performed in a band called Kilo, which included other now-notable artists such as Saturday Night Live drummer Shawn Pelton, former Tonight Show bassist Robert Hurst, and trumpeter Chris Botti. John Mellencamp's drummer Kenny Aronoff often sat in on drums, and in 1986 after hearing the first song of a live performance, Mellencamp invited Taliefero to join his touring band. In a Spring 2011 interview, Taliefero credited her experience with Mellencamp as the fundamental training that "changed the whole course of [her] life". In 1989, Mellencamp took time off as a musician to focus on painting. When asked, he lent Taliefero $3000, and with that she headed to New York City to pursue more musical opportunities.
Two and a half months into living in New York, Taliefero received a phone call from a Mellencamp associate, asking her to play drums and sing for 1989's Storm Front, the upcoming album from Billy Joel. After a successful audition, she was invited to join the Billy Joel Band, who she has been with ever since. With time, Taliefero claimed the role as background vocal arranger, which she is credited with on 1993's River of Dreams.
In 1991 Taliefero accompanied Bee Gees in their tour. A show in Europe needed an opening act, and they asked if she could perform some of her own material. She then formed a one-off band called Bonzai for the opening show which featured Pat Peterson, a Mellencamp backup singer, backed by the Bee Gees band.
1992 saw Taliefero taking a lead role in Bruce Springsteen's extensive 107-date world tour, ending in June 1993. The tour landed Taliefero a number of press hits. The New York Times music critic Jon Pareles described Taliefero as a "sassy female foil", while Edna Gundersen of USA Today praised her performance alongside Springsteen. Taliefero's collaboration with Springsteen also includes a 1992 MTV Unplugged documentary performance. However, Gary Graff, writing in the Detroit Free Press, lamented that Taliefero only played saxophone on "Born to Run" and missed longtime E Street Band saxophonist Clarence Clemons, who was not invited on the tour.
Taliefero has performed with a wide range of other artists, including Faith Hill, Garth Brooks, Joe Cocker, Tina Arena, Bob Seger, Brooks & Dunn, Richie Sambora, Elton John, Enrique Iglesias, Natalie Merchant, Meat Loaf, and Michael McDonald.
Musicianship
Taliefero's credits as a musician are chiefly as a vocalist and percussionist. Instruments in her percussion kit include bongos, cabasa, mark tree, congas, cowbell, güiro, hand percussion, jam block, shaker, tambourine, timbales, triangle, Djembe, and wood block. In addition, Taliefero is also quite accomplished on the guitar, keyboards, harmonica and saxophone, among other wind instruments. She is known for her energetic stage performances.
In its 2008 article "The 125-Plus People, Places and Things Ruling the Rock & Roll Universe", Rolling Stone magazine declared Taliefero the "Best Secret Weapon".
Personal life
In 1986, Taliefero suffered a ruptured appendix while touring with Bob Seger. She was hospitalized for several weeks.
Taliefero's goal is to establish the Taliefero Music Foundation that will inspire and shape young upcoming lives in the world of live entertainment. As part of her purpose to inspire young musicians, she visited Central High School in East Chicago, Indiana (her home state), in 2009.
Taliefero was awarded the Indiana University African-American Arts Institute's Herman C. Hudson Alumni Award on April 19, 2011. In a congratulatory statement, Billy Joel noted that some of his songs would not have been written without her inspiration.
Film and book collaborations
Taliefero has contributed narration, compositions and/or music to a range of child-oriented videos and audiobooks though the Weston Woods Studios division of Scholastic Corporation:
Further reading
External links
Crystal Taliefero Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2019)
References
Living people
Musicians from Gary, Indiana
American rock saxophonists
American rock percussionists
1963 births
African-American drummers
People from Bourne, Massachusetts
American rock drummers
American women singers
African-American women singers
American rock guitarists
American saxophonists
American multi-instrumentalists
American harmonica players
Delta Sigma Theta members
Guitarists from Indiana
Tambourine players
Maracas players
Conga players
Bongo players
Triangle players
Güiro players
Timbaleros
Djembe players
20th-century American drummers
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American women musicians
Billy Joel Band members
20th-century American women guitarists
African-American guitarists
Edward Preble Little (November 7, 1791 – February 6, 1875) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts. He was born in Marshfield in 1791. He attended public schools. At the age of nine (in 1800) he was on the U.S. frigate Boston with his father, Capt. George Little, at the suggestion of President John Adams, who gave him a commission as midshipman. He engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Career
Little served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Orin Fowler. He served from December 13, 1852, to March 3, 1853. He was not a candidate for renomination to the Thirty-third Congress, but served as collector of customs at the port of Plymouth.
Edward Preble Little was named after Commodore Edward Preble. His parents were Capt. George Little (1754-1809) and Rachel (Rogers) Little (1758-1838). Edward Preble Little married Edy Rogers (1789-1852) March 13, 1811 in Marshfield, Massachusetts.
Source: "John Rogers of Marshfield" 1898 by Josiah H. Drummond, pages 69 and 87.
Agriculture
Little resumed agricultural pursuits, and died in Lynn, Massachusetts on February 6, 1875. His interment was in the Congregational Church Cemetery in Marshfield Hills.
References
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
1875 deaths
1791 births
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts
19th-century American politicians
Mielie meal, also known as mealie meal or maize meal, is a relatively coarse flour (much coarser than cornflour or cornstarch) made from maize or mealies in Southern Africa, from the Portuguese milho. It is also known by various other indigenous language names depending on the locality or country. It was originally brought to Africa from the Americas by the Portuguese.
It is food that was originally eaten by the Voortrekkers during The Great Trek, but has become the staple diet of South Africa. Because of its ability to be stored without refrigeration, it is cheap and abundant in all shops and markets. It is a staple food in South Africa, Mozambique, Lesotho, Eswatini, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Botswana and many other parts of Southern Africa, traditionally made into uphuthu, sour-milk porridge, pap, and also umqombothi (a type of beer).
Pap and phutu
The raw ingredient of mielie meal is added to boiling water, the ratio of which produces either porridge or the firmer pap/nshima/sadza. When making porridge, milk is sometimes used to produce a creamier dish. The porridge usually has a thick texture and is commonly eaten for breakfast in southern Africa. The firmer pap is eaten with meat and gravy dishes as well as vegetable relishes. It is similar to Italian polenta except that, like grits in the Southern United States, it is usually made of a white rather than a yellow maize variety.
Nutrition
Mealie meal contains carbohydrates, protein, fat and fiber.
See also
Cornmeal
Grits
Sadza
Samp
List of maize dishes
References
South African cuisine
Staple foods
Maize products
Flour
de:Mielie Pap
Noushera is town and union council of Kachhi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
References
Populated places in Kachhi District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Haywards is a brand of pickles sold in the United Kingdom. "Liven Up Your Food" is their slogan. The brand is owned by Mizkan of Japan, and the pickles are produced in Mills Hill, Manchester and Bury St Edmunds.
History
The brand dates from 1868.
Varieties
Haywards Mixed Pickles (cauliflower, gherkins, onions, red pepper)
Haywards Piccalilli
Haywards Traditional Gherkins in Vinegar
Haywards Pickled Beetroot
Haywards Strong Pickled Onions
Haywards Pickled Red Cabbage
Haywards Silverskin Onions
Haywards Sweet Onions
See also
List of brand name condiments
Pickles
British condiments
Brand name condiments
Haywards
Edletha Lorraine McClendon (born October 17, 1975; née, McClendon), who goes by the stage name Lisa McClendon, is an American Jazz gospel Soul artist. She started her music career, in 2002, with the release of My Diary, Your Life by Shabach Entertainment. Her second album, Soul Music, released in 2003 by Epic Records and Integrity Gospel. This would be her Billboard magazine breakthrough release upon the Gospel Albums chart. The third album, Live from the House of Blues, was released in 2006 by Columbia Records alongside Epic Records and Integrity Gospel. The album would chart again, but this time around on the Heatseekers Albums chart as well. She would release an independent album on Blusoul Records in 2009, Reality, and this charted on the Gospel Albums chart.
In 2015, she released the long-awaited album 5AM, The Sound of Waking up to Him.
Early life
McClendon was born on October 17, 1975, in Palatka, Florida, as Edletha Lorraine Peoples. She is the daughter of a preacher, and she started singing in her church at 12 years of age.
Music career
Her music career started in 2002, with the release of My Diary, Your Life by Shabach Entertainment on May 7, 2002, yet the album failed to chart. The second album, Soul Music, released on September 23, 2003 by Epic Records alongside Integrity Gospel. This was her breakthrough album on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart at No. 20. She released her third album, Live from the House of Blues, with Epic Records and Integrity Gospel and this time with Columbia Records in the fold, on January 31, 2006. The album placed on the Gospel Albums at No. 17, while it also charted on the Heatseekers Albums at No. 47. Her next album, Reality, was released on April 28, 2009 by Blusoul Records, and this charted on the Gospel Albums at No. 20. Her first album was rated a perfect ten by Cross Rhythms magazine, while Soul Music and Live from the House of Blues were rated nine out of ten. McClendon recently expanded her music into jazz where she is now reaching a broader audience with her unique vintage sound.
She has shared the stage with Chrisette Michelle, Lela James, Fred Hammond, Mary Mary, Yolanda Adams and Ledisi. She has also headlined tours throughout the US and Europe.
Personal life
McClendon resides in Jacksonville, Florida, with her two children, Diamond and Joshua. They attend worship services and are members of Southpoint Community Church.
Discography
Studio albums
My Diary, Your Live (2002)
Soul Music (2003)
Reality (2009)
5 AM The Sound of Waking Up To Him (2015)
References
External links
Official website
1975 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Jacksonville, Florida
Songwriters from Florida
Columbia Records artists
Epic Records artists
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
WAAX (570 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format. Licensed to Gadsden, Alabama, United States, the station is currently owned by San Antonio-based iHeartMedia. Overnight, the station broadcasts the syndicated Coast to Coast AM hosted by George Noory.
Morning talk show host Dave Mack is a frequent guest/commentator on Nancy Grace's weeknight talk show on HLN.
History
The station began operation in 1947 as WGWD, also at 570 on the dial, but with a power of 1,000 watts, daytime only. WGWD was owned by the Covington family of Montgomery, Alabama. In its early days the station operated from studios located in the original Pioneer Life Insurance building in downtown Gadsden.
In 1955, the station was bought by Atlanta broadcaster Charles A. Smithgall, who had enjoyed great success on WSB in that city. Smithgall changed the calls to WCAS, raised the power level to 5,000 watts in 1959 and continued to operate the station status quo until 1960. By then the radio business in Gadsden had grown to such a level as another full-time station was needed. Smithgall hired Calvin Williamson to install a three tower directional array on what was a cow pasture on Rainbow Drive, just north of the Gadsden Country Clubs' golf course. In later years this would prove a great location, as the city grew south, traveling down Rainbow Drive. In the process, he also changed the call letters to WAAX. The location and set-up of the towers proved sufficient to put the signal into Georgia and Tennessee.
The new WAAX became a CBS affiliate, and programmed light pop music during the day, and ran a list of CBS programs at night. In 1962, Mike McDougald of Georgia, also a WSB alum, bought into the station, and became its general manager. McDougald continued the light pop sound during the day, but hired a young Mike Morelock to become the night time top 40 jocks on "BIG WAAX". In the months to come, the station gained the image as the news leader, as McDougald outfitted the station vehicle with police and fire radios, and installed one of the first "car phones" in the area, actually a two-way radio that could call any telephone number from the road.
From the late 1950s through early 1963, Robert Allen Chumley Sr. was the news reporter, air-time salesman, and later on, night-time classical music host for WAAX. At the time of this change, the music schedule was Country music in the morning and Top 40 in the afternoon, with Classical music being added for Sunday nights. He covered various events such as shopping center openings, horse shows, etc. But the main ongoing agenda was the Civil Rights Movement where he covered church civil-rights meetings, KKK rallies, and protests, and interviewed such notables as Martin Luther King Jr., Ralph Abernathy, Marlon Brando, Harry Belafonte, and others for the station. These two antagonistic groups, the segregationists and integrationists alike, respected Chumley, and by virtue WAAX, for thorough and impartial news reporting. There were also threats from extremists on both sides by phone and automobile. Such was the atmosphere that Bob, as people called him, operated within as he was sent by the station to Montgomery to cover such events as the gubernatorial polls with a focus on George C. Wallace (who in 1958 ran on an education platform against segregationist John Malcolm Patterson and had the endorsement of the NAACP in that race) Due to such assignments in Gadsden and abroad, WAAX gained recognition with national news organizations through Bob's coverage of such national issues as well as his association with Clancy Lake of WAPI in Birmingham as well as with those of WSFA television in Montgomery. Mike McDougald was very supportive of his staff during this period; such as when Chumley covered the showing of the movie To Kill A Mockingbird. Bob Chumley, by his and his wife's own record collection, brought Gadsden a refined program of the arts through a far-sighted incorporation of high art into the general format of a top 40/news station. Such was the open mindedness of Mike McDougald, who allowed his staff to flex their own creativeness and idiosyncrasies which gave WAAX its prestige. Bob gave his news style and Classical music; Mike Morelock, his love of Rock and riding motorcycles wearing a German army helmet; and Mike McDougald, his sense of humor (as with his beebee rifle in the corner for the station's protection) as well as his concern for and support of his staff.
In 1973, Dave Fitz came to WAAX as Executive News Director. Quickly he became the news authority for the region. Fitz remained with WAAX for 25 years. With his easily recognizable voice and no-nonsense delivery, Fitz was regarded as the radio news guy in Gadsden for over 30 years (Fitz died on August 9, 2009)
The station gained popularity and in 1967 programmed modern country while still playing top 40 at night. With a booming signal, the station slogan became, BIG WAAX, the station you hear, everywhere. When FM became the dominant force for music on the radio, WAAX became and remains a news-talk station to this day.
In 1998, Program Director Bill Seckbach and GM Kathy Boggs brought the sounds of Rush Limbaugh, Paul Finebaum, and J. Holland to the "Big WAAX".
References
External links
AAX
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1947
Gadsden, Alabama
1947 establishments in Alabama
IHeartMedia radio stations
Rockybranch is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
Rockybranch once had its own post office and school. The community took its name from nearby Rocky Branch.
References
Unincorporated communities in Wayne County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Cherven () is a village in northeastern Bulgaria in the Ruse Province. Cherven is situated in the municipality of Ivanovo. , the village had 239 inhabitants. The tributary of the river Rusenski Lom, Cherni Lom (meaning Black Lom), divides the village into two parts.
One of the most important towns in the Second Bulgarian Empire existed near the village and was also called Cherven. During its heyday between 12th and 14th centuries, it was one of the largest commercial and military centres in the region. It was fully destroyed after the Bulgarian–Ottoman Wars and is now in ruins.
Villages in Ruse Province
Nadeem Malik may refer to:
Nadeem Malik (journalist) (born 1968), Pakistani journalist
Nadeem Malik (cricketer) (born 1982), English cricketer
Lisa Ono (小野リサ; born 29 July 1962) is a Brazilian Japanese bossa nova singer.
Life
Lisa Ono was born in São Paulo, Brazil, in 1962 but moved with her family to Tokyo at the age of 10. From that time on she spent half of every year in Japan and half in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Although she lived in Brazil for only a short time, she was turned into a type of "MPB (Brazilian popular music) ambassador" in Japan, influenced by her father, who owned a club while living in Brazil and was also Baden Powell's agent.
Lisa began singing and playing the guitar at age 15 and her debut as a professional Bossa Nova singer was in 1989. Her natural voice, rhythmic guitar playing, and her charming smile led her to a huge success and popularized Bossa Nova in Japan. She has performed with many top musicians such as Antônio Carlos Jobim and João Donato and has been performing enthusiastically in New York City, Brazil and Asian countries. The 1999 album Dream sold more than two hundred thousand copies in Japan and since then she has established a determined position in the Japanese Bossa Nova community.
She is not related to the late Beatle John Lennon's wife Yoko Ono.
Career
After moving to Japan, Lisa's father opened a new venue called Saci-Pererê, a Brazilian restaurant where she started performing mainly bossa nova and samba. Besides singing, Lisa Ono plays the guitar and is a songwriter. Her first album, Catupiry, was released in 1989. She has not stopped recording since then, releasing one disc a year, mostly in Portuguese. She soon became famous in Japan after appearing in several TV commercials.
In 1991 her album Nanã won the "Grand Prix Gold Disk Award for Jazz" in Japan. Her third album Menina was recorded in Rio de Janeiro, and won the same Grand Prix award. In 1992, Ono released her second album on the BMG label called Serenata Carioca, and she also released her first book Felicidade. In 1994 she released Esperança, with guest appearances by Tom Jobim, Sivuca, Paulo Moura, Danilo Caymmi and Meerio Adnet. In 1993, she made Minha Saudade, dedicated to works by João Donato, who also wrote the arrangements. In 1996, Antonio Adolfo co-produced her CD Rio Bossa. In 1998, Ono released the album Bossa Carioca, produced by Paulo and Daniel Jobim. She also started a label, Nanã, aimed at promoting Brazilian music in Japan.
In 1999, Oscar Castro-Neves co-produced her CD Dream, which sold over 200,000 copies. This album was made in America, and contains classic American songs and film music from the 1940s–50s done with bossa nova arrangements. In July 2000, Ono continued her exploration of songs in English with the release of Pretty World, co-produced by Eumir Deodato.
In the fall of 2000 she released Boas Festas, a "winter bossa" album to celebrate the Christmas season. The album includes original tunes as well as fresh bossa arrangements of classic American Christmas carols. Continuing her exploration of new material, in the summer of 2001, Lisa released Bossa Hula Nova, which as the title name implies, includes some new and classic Hawaiian songs done in a bossa nova style. This album includes arrangements by Meerio Adnet, who appears on many of her recordings. In March 2002, Lisa released Lisa Ono Best 1997–2001. This album also includes two wonderful new live songs recorded on Lisa's "winter bossa" tour in December 2001. In July 2002, Lisa released Questa Bossa Mia (This Is My Bossa Nova). This CD features a new musical destination – Italy! Meerio Adnet is once again involved.
In 2003 she released the album Dans Mon Île (French for "In my island"), themed around a voyage to France and based on famous French songs. Joining her once again is the Brazilian composer and arranger Meerio Adnet. Guest musicians include Pierre Barouh, Richard Galliano, and Henri Salvador, who also performs a duet with Lisa on "J'ai Vu". In the summer of 2004, Lisa released NAIMA-meu anjo, a collection of African and Arabic songs done in a bossa nova style. In November 2004, Lisa released her newest CD Boas Festas 2 – Feliz Natal. On this album Lisa returns to Brazil with a new "winter bossa" collection of Christmas songs in English and Portuguese recorded with three of Brazil's top guitarists – Toninho Horta, Oscar Castro-Neves, and Romero Lubambo.
Lisa announced the birth of her second child, a boy, on 7 October 2004.
Lisa has performed with Tom Jobim and with João Donato in Brazil, in addition to other performances around the world. Appearances in Japan include concerts at the Blue Note Tokyo with Paulo and Daniel Jobim, Toninho Horta, and Emílio Santiago.
In addition to making guest appearances on other recordings, Lisa has also created music for television commercials in Japan.
As of November 2007, she has released 22 albums.
In 2009, from January to April, Ono held her Asian tour from Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei, to Bangkok. On 4 March 2009, her two new albums, Cheek To Cheek – Jazz Standards from RIO – and Look To The Rainbow – Jazz Standards from L.A. – were released at the same time. The theme of both albums is jazz music, and features producers/arrangers from Brazil (Meerio Adnet) and Los Angeles (Bill Cantos). In May 2009, Lisa started Lisa Ono Concert Tour 2009 – Jazz Standards -, a tour to celebrate her two new albums.
In August 2012, Ono served on the judging panel of a Chinese singing-survival show Asian Wave which was broadcast on Dragon Television from 5 September.
In March 2019, her song Sway It, Hula Girl from the album Bossa Hula Nova was sampled on Freddie Dredd's song Cha Cha, which subsequently became popular on the short form video app TikTok.
Discography
1989.10.21 – CATUPIRY（MIDI）
1990.04.21 – NaNã
1991.07.21 – menina （BMG）
1992.06.21 – SERENATA CARIOCA
1993.01.21 – Namorada
1994.06.22 – Esperanca
1995.04.21 – Minha Saudade
1996.11.21 – RIO BOSSA
1997.11.19 – ESSENCIA
1997 – Amigos
1998.07.16 – BOSSA CARIOCA
1999.06.23 – DREAM
2000.07.05 – Pretty World
2000.11.16 – Boas Festas
2001.07.11 – Bossa Hula Nova
2002.07.10 – Questa Bossa Mia...
2003.07.16 – DANS MON ILE
2004.06.23 – NAIMA～meu anjo～
2004.11.17 – Boas Festas2～Feliz Natal～
2005.06.29 – Romance Latino vol.1
2005.07.27 – Romance Latino vol.2
2005.08.24 – Romance Latino vol.3
2006.07.12 – Jambalaya -Bossa Americana-
2007.07.11 – Soul & Bossa
2007.11.21 – Music Of Antonio Carlos Jobim: Ipanema
2009.03.04 – Cheek To Cheek -Jazz Standards from RIO
2009.03.04 – Look To The Rainbow – Jazz Standards from L.A
2010.03.05 – ASIA
2011.10.26 – Japão
2013.06.19 – Japão2
2014.05.21 – Brasil
2014.09.14 – Japao 3
2015.07.01 – My Favorite Songs
2016.04.27 – Dancing Bossa
Collections
1991.11.21 – O Melhor De Lisa（MIDI）
1997.06.28 – AMIGOS
1998.06.24 – Selecao （BMG）
2000.02.23 – Colecao～the collection
2002.03.06 – Ono Lisa Best 1997–2001 （EMI）
2005.12.07 – Romance Latino Selection
2008.05.21 – Ono Lisa Best 2002–2006 （EMI）
2008.05.21 – Ono Lisa Best 1989–1996 （MIDI, BMG）
2021.05.10 _ Lisa Ono: #BeefBeefChallenge
2021.08.29 _ Lisa Onds!! ( EMI )
References
External links
Lisa Ono Official Website
Lisa Ono Oricon Profile
HMV.co.jp Top 100 pops Artists
avex Official Website (Japanese)
Discover Lisa Ono
See also
Bossa nova
1962 births
Living people
Bossa nova singers
21st-century Brazilian women singers
21st-century Brazilian singers
Japanese-language singers of Brazil
Brazilian musicians of Japanese descent
21st-century Japanese women singers
20th-century Brazilian women singers
Singers from São Paulo
Dreamusic artists
20th-century Japanese women singers
Brazilian emigrants to Japan
is a song by the Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation. It was the second single released from their second full-length studio album, Sol-fa, on May 19, 2004.
The song was used as the theme song for the drama Dame Nari! and, in the following year, it was used in Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan, a Japanese rhythm game released on Nintendo DS.
Music video
The music video for "Loop & Loop" was co-directed by Kazuyoshi Oku and Masafumi Gotoh. The PV takes place within a classroom populated by four young boys. Over the course of the video, the students ride bikes, play jumprope, and pretend to be a band using brooms for guitars. All the while, they listen to headphones and lip-sync the lyrics to the song. In Eizō Sakuhinshū Vol. 1, it showed the boy at the beginning listening to CD called Romance (ロマンス) by Takamitsu Shibuyama (渋山貴光) (Takahiro Yamada's pseudonym) and at the end, it changes with Loop & Loop's cover. However, they cut the both scenes in their official Youtube.
Track listing
Personnel
Masafumi Gotoh – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Kensuke Kita – lead guitar, background vocals
Takahiro Yamada – bass guitar, background vocals
Kiyoshi Ijichi – drums
Asian Kung-Fu Generation – producer
Tohru Takayama – mixing
Mitsuharu Harada – mastering
Kenichi Nakamura – recording
Yusuke Nakamura – single cover art
Charts
References
Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs
2004 singles
Songs written by Masafumi Gotoh
Japanese television drama theme songs
2004 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
Anyway Gang is a Canadian supergroup, consisting of Sam Roberts, Chris Murphy (from Sloan), Menno Versteeg (from Hollerado), and Dave Monks (from Tokyo Police Club). The group formed in the summer of 2018 and released their debut single, "Big Night" in September, 2019. Their debut album, Anyway Gang, was released on November 29, 2019, on Royal Mountain Records.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
Rock music supergroups
Musical groups established in 2018
Canadian alternative rock groups
2018 establishments in Canada
In enzymology, an UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 4-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine, and one product, UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 4-epimerase. Other names in common use include UDP acetylglucosamine epimerase, uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine epimerase, uridine diphosphate N-acetylglucosamine-4-epimerase, and uridine 5'-diphospho-N-acetylglucosamine-4-epimerase. This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The Notre Dame Review is a national literary magazine. Founded by the University of Notre Dame, it publishes fiction, poetry and creative non-fiction quarterly. The first issue was published in Winter 1995.
Awards
Each year The Notre Dame Review hosts the Sandeen Prize in Poetry and the Sullivan Prize in Short Fiction.
The Notre Dame Review is available in print and digital formats. Selections from the journal's first ten years of publication were published in Notre Dame Review: The First Ten Years (University of Notre Dame Press, 2009).
Notable contributors
Seth Abramson, Jeffery Renard Allen, Robert Archambeau, Ciaran Berry, William Archila, Simeon Berry, Jackson Bliss, Anne Blonstein, Corinne Demas, Regina Derieva, John Drexel, Debra Di Blasi, George Foy, Eckhard Gerdes, Laura Gray-Street, Seamus Heaney, Harriet McBryde Johnson, Kelly Le Fave, Stacey Levine, Moira Linehan, Sheryl Luna, Valerie Martínez, Nadine Meyer, Czeslaw Milosz, Lisa Norris, Ricardo Pau-Llosa, Barbara Jane Reyes, Vera Schwarcz, Keith Taylor, Robert Vasquez, Martha Zweig
See also
List of literary magazines
References
External links
NDR website
Poetry magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1995
Magazines published in Indiana
University of Notre Dame
Bishop's Court Halt was a station on the Manx Northern Railway, later owned and operated by the Isle of Man Railway; it served the residence of the local bishop in the Isle of Man and was a stopping place on a line that ran between St. John's and Ramsey.
Description and history
The halt was built to serve the nearby estate of Bishop's Court, the home of the Bishop of Sodor and Man for the use of the bishop, his staff and visitors. The halt was marked only by a bench and some steps leading down from the estate.
Dates
The opening date of the halt is not recorded although it probably dates from the opening of the line (). The halt never appeared in the public timetable and saw only limited use which is well documented in The Isle of Man Railway by James I.C. Boyd (Oakwood Press, 1962).
Usage
Although originally intended as a private station, it was opened to the public between and and referred to as Bishopscourt Halt. A hand-operated signal was installed at the site which was operated by the bishop and his guests and staff in order to halt trains for them to board; the guard needed to be informed if someone wanted to alight. After 1935 it was only occasionally used as a private halt until closed in 1950.
Route
See also
Isle of Man Railway stations
Manx Northern Railway
Sources
Isle of Man Steam Railway Supporters' Association
References
Bishop's Court Halt at the Subterranea Britannica Disused Stations website
Tom Heavyside. Narrow Gauge Branch Lines – Douglas to Ramsey
Railway stations in the Isle of Man
Railway stations opened in 1879
Railway stations closed in 1950
Desert Phantom is a 1936 American Western film directed by S. Roy Luby.
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Billy Donovan
Sheila Bromley as Jean Haloran
Ted Adams as Salizar
Karl Hackett as Tom Jackson
Hal Price as Jim Day
Nelson McDowell as "Doc" Simpson
Charles King as Henchman Dan
External links
1936 films
American black-and-white films
1936 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by S. Roy Luby
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Samphon Mao (born 9 December 1949) is a Cambodian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Cambodian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Cambodia
Place of birth missing (living people)
A Rockapella Holiday is the seventeenth overall, twelfth North American, and fifth holiday album released by the a cappella group Rockapella. The tracks consist of new songs premiered on the album and songs the group has perfected since 2003 during their holiday concerts of the same name.
Announcement, publicity, and release
The album was first mentioned in an interview with Scott Leonard during the band's 2010 holiday tour, where he revealed it would include both "new and newly arranged Christmas songs." No other official news about the album was released until October 2, 2011, when Rockapella appeared on the Japanese internet show WorldNet.tv during their Japanese tour and disclosed the name of the album to be A Rockapella Holiday and that it would be released in November 2011. On November 16, 2011, Rockapella posted a picture on their official Facebook account announcing the cover art and track list for the album and that it would be available on iTunes the next day, with physical copies available by the end of the month. Rockapella's website was updated on November 17, 2011 with the album's information and made the album available in three forms:
a Deluxe Package that comes with a physical copy of the album, a digital copy with a digital booklet featuring artwork and credits, and a 2GB microphone-shaped memory stick;
a CD Package that comes with a physical copy of the album as well as a digital copy and the digital booklet; and
a Digital Package available from both the website and iTunes that contains a digital copy of the album and the digital booklet.
Track listing
Personnel
Scott Leonard – high tenor
Steven Dorian – tenor
John K. Brown – tenor
George Baldi III – bass
Jeff Thacher – vocal percussion
References
2011 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
A cappella Christmas albums
Rockapella albums
Events from the year 1835 in France.
Incumbents
Monarch – Louis Philippe I
Events
March – Balzac's novel Le Père Goriot is first published in book form.
July 28 – In Paris, the assassination of Louis Philippe I is attempted by Giuseppe Marco Fieschi using a home-made volley gun. Eighteen are killed but the King escapes with a minor wound.
August – The September Laws ban all criticism of Louis Philippe and regulate publications and the theatre.
The French word for their language changes to français, from françois.
Charles-Louis Havas creates Havas, the first French news agency (which later spawns Agence France-Presse).
Births
18 April - François Perrier, general and geodesist (died 1888)
15 May - Émile Léonard Mathieu, mathematician (died 1890)
31 May - Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe de Neuville, painter (died 1885)
31 July - Henri Brisson, statesman and Prime minister of France (died 1912)
2 October - Louis-Antoine Ranvier, physician, pathologist, anatomist and histologist (died 1922)
9 October - Camille Saint-Saëns, composer, organist, conductor (died 1921)
Full date unknown
Frédéric Febvre, actor (died 1916)
Deaths
8 February - Guillaume Dupuytren, anatomist and military surgeon (born 1777)
10 April - Pierre Clement de Laussat, politician, last French Governor of Louisiana (born 1756)
24 June - Jacques Claude Beugnot, politician (born 1761)
25 July - François René Mallarmé, politician (born 1755)
28 July - Édouard Adolphe Casimir Joseph Mortier, Marshal of France (born 1768)
18 September - Jean Joseph Antoine de Courvoisier, magistrate and politician (born 1775)
17 December - Pierre Louis Roederer, politician, economist, and historian (born 1754)
Full date unknown
Hippolyte Pixii, instrument maker (born 1808)
References
1830s in France
Access All Areas is the debut extended play (EP) by The AAA Girls, self-released on July 7, 2017.
Composition
"A Lacefront Like This" is a parody of "A Moment Like This" by Kelly Clarkson. "Heather?" is a parody of "We Belong Together" by Mariah Carey.
Promotion
"AAA Girls" served as the lead single. The EP was promoted by the Access All Areas Tour.
Track listing
"AAA" – 3:13
"A Lacefront Like This" – 3:47
"Dear Uber Driver" – 3:03
"Pride or Die" – 3:02
"Heather?" (featuring Stacy Layne Matthews) – 3:15
"Tuck Tape" – 2:38
"When the Water Runs Clear" – 4:01
"Meet & Greet" – 3:24
Charts
References
2017 debut EPs
Alaska Thunderfuck albums
Comedy albums by American artists
Comedy albums by Australian artists
LGBT-related albums
Willam Belli albums
Comedy EPs
Koupalu (also, Koubaru or Koubru) is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the Guardian of the North West direction. Legend says he is the founder of civilization in Ancient Manipur, starting from the Mount Koubru, a peak where he abodes, in north-western Manipur.
God Koubru resides in the Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill). The Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill) is the first place of settlement of the Meitei ethnicity, including the Lois of Andro, Khurkhul, Phayeng and Sekmai.
Origin
The traditional hymns supplement the theory of origin.
Awang Koubru Assupa
Leimalai Khunda Ahanba.
Nongthrei Ma-U Lingliba,
Irik Mapan Thariba,
Lainingthou!
English translation of the above passage:
North Koubru all-inclusive (pervasive)
Leima Lai first habitation,
Heaven-flower all things seen established,
Blood drop (Blood cell) planters,
O! Lainingthou (King of Gods)!
This is the hymn of invocation of God Koubru (Koupalu in PuYas).
Description
Lord Koupalu (Koubru) is the Omniscient and the Omnipotent Guardian God. He lives on the top of Mount Koubru.
God Koubru, the Heavenly Lord, is said to be the controller of the nine underground wells/tunnels. These are associated with the birth and death of the mankind. The 9 tunnels are sacred to the Meitei people. So, these are still worshipped by the Meiteis.
Worship
In the Lai Haraoba festival, a ritualistic folk song dedicated to God Koubru is sung like this:
Awang Koubru Assupa
Eeyen Khunda Ahanba
English translation of the above passage:
Koubru of the North,
You are the overlord
You are the first place of settlement.
The Meiteis offer a beautiful puppy to God Koubru to free themselves from the sufferings.
The Loi caste of the Meitei ethnicity worship God Koubru on every occasion, including birth, marriage and death. All the Loi villagers excluding Andro are the worshipers of God Koubru.
See also
Marjing - north east protector
Thangjing - south west protector
Wangbren - south east protector
References
External links
INTERNET ARCHIVE
E-pao.net
Animal deities
Animal gods
Arts gods
Creator gods
\
Earth gods
Guardians of the directions
Hunting gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Love and lust gods
Maintenance gods
Marriage gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Pastoral gods
Peace deities
Peace gods
Sky and weather gods
Time and fate gods
Trickster gods
Wind gods
Admete is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Species
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are within the genus Admete :
Admete bruuni Knudsen, 1964
Admete californica (Dall, 1908) - California admete
Admete choshiensis Shikama, 1962
Admete clivicola Høisæter, 2011
Admete contabulata Friele, 1879
Admete enderbyensis Powell, 1958
Admete frigida Rochebrune & Mabille, 1885
Admete globularis E.A. Smith, 1875: synonym of Microglyphis globularis (E. A. Smith, 1875) (original combination)
Admete gracilior (Carpenter, 1869) - slender admete
Admete haini Numanami, 1996
Admete hukuiensis Nomura, 1940
Admete magellanica (Strebel, 1905)
Admete microsoma (Dall, 1908)
Admete ovata E.A. Smith, 1875
Admete philippii Ihering, 1907
Admete sadko Gorbunov, 1946
Admete schythei (Philippi, 1855)
Admete solida (Aurivillius, 1885)
Admete specularis (Watson, 1882)
Admete tabulata Sowerby III, 1875
Admete tenuissima Okutani & Fujikura, 2002
Admete verenae Harasewych & Petit, 2011
Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780) - northern admete)
Admete watanabei Shikama, 1962
Names that have become synonyms
Admete aethiopica Thiele, 1925: synonym of Cancellicula aethiopica (Thiele, 1925)
Admete ambigua Hutton, 1885: synonym of Leucotina casta (A. Adams, 1853)
Admete antarctica (Strebel, 1908): synonym of Nothoadmete antarctica (Strebel, 1908)
Admete arctica (Middendorff, 1849): synonym of Neoiphinoe arctica (Middendorff, 1849)
Admete azorica Bouchet & Warén, 1985: synonym of Brocchinia azorica (Bouchet & Warén, 1985)
Admete borealis A. Adams, 1855: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete cancellata Kobelt, 1887: synonym of Neadmete cancellata (Kobelt, 1887)
Admete circumcincta (Dall, 1873): synonym of Neadmete circumcincta (Dall, 1873)
Admete consobrina Powell, 1951: synonym of Nothoadmete consobrina (Powell, 1951)
Admete cornidei Altimira, 1978: synonym of Bonellitia cornidei (Altimira, 1978)
Admete couthouyi (Jay, 1839) - northern admete: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete crispa Møller, 1842: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete decapensis Barnard, 1960: synonym of Brocchinia decapensis (Barnard, 1960)
Admete delicatula E.A. Smith, 1907: synonym of Nothoadmete delicatula (E.A. Smith, 1907)
Admete distincta Leche, 1878: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete finlayi (Powell, 1940): synonym of Zeadmete finlayi Powell, 1940
Admete grandis Mørch, 1869: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete harpovoluta Powell, 1957: synonym of Nothoadmete harpovoluta (Powell, 1957) (original combination)
Admete laevior Leche, 1878: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete limnaeaeformis E.A. Smith, 1879: synonym of Toledonia limnaeaeformis (E.A. Smith, 1879)
Admete microscopica Dall, 1889: synonym of Microcancilla microscopica (Dall, 1889)
Admete middendorffiana Dall, 1885 accepted as Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete modesta (Carpenter, 1864): synonym of Neadmete modesta (Carpenter, 1864)
Admete nodosa Verrill and Smith, 1885: synonym of Brocchinia nodosa (Verrill & S. Smith, 1885)
Admete philippii Carcelles, 1950 accepted as Admete philippii Ihering, 1907
Admete producta Sars, 1878: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete regina Dall, 1911 - noble admete: synonym of Admete solida (Aurivillius, 1885)
Admete rhyssa Dall, 1919: synonym of Admete gracilior (Carpenter in Gabb, 1869)
Admete seftoni Berry, 1956: synonym of Admete gracilior (Carpenter in Gabb, 1869)
Admete stricta Hedley, 1907: synonym of Pepta stricta (Hedley, 1907)
Admete unalashkensis (Dall, 1873): synonym of Neadmete unalashkensis (Dall, 1873)
Admete undata Leche, 1878: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete undatocostata Verkrüzen, 1875: synonym of Admete viridula (Fabricius, 1780)
Admete woodworthi Dall, 1905: synonym of Admete gracilior (Carpenter in Gabb, 1869)
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Gofas, S.; Le Renard, J.; Bouchet, P. (2001). Mollusca, in: Costello, M.J. et al. (Ed.) (2001). European register of marine species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Collection Patrimoines Naturels, 50: pp. 180–213
Hemmen J. (2007). Recent Cancellariidae. Wiesbaden, 428pp.
Høisæter T. (2011) Revision of the Cancellariidae (Gastropoda: Caenogastropoda) in the deep water of the Norwegian Sea, with the description of a new species of Admete. Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom 91: 493–504
Cancellariidae
Gastropod genera
Taxa named by Henrik Nikolai Krøyer
Playa de la Cocina is a beach on La Graciosa island, part of the municipality of Teguise in Lanzarote, Spain. It is situated near the southwestern point of the island, in a little bay at the foot of the Montaña Amarilla. It is a 10 minutes walk from Playa Francesa in the southwest of the Caleta de Sebo village. The beach's average width is 10 meters and length is 100 metres.
The beach is used for swimming, snorkeling and sunbathing. Playa de la Cocina is accessible by about an hour walk from Caleta del Sebo. Along with Playa de las Conchas Playa de la Cocina is known as one of the "most beautiful beaches in the Canary Islands".
References
External links
"La Cocina Beach" from TheCanaries project
Graciosa, Canary Islands
The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre (NCPIC) was established in 2008 in response to data published in the Pfizer Australia Health Report. NDARC and NCPIC have collaborated with Pfizer Australia to assist with educating the public about cannabis. Many in the Australian community are concerned that this collaboration and NCPIC involvement with GW Pharmaceutical and SATIVEX places NDARC and NCPIC in a position of conflicted interests. In 2016 it was announced that the Australian government would cut funding to the NCPIC at year's end.
While prevalence rates have markedly reduced over the past decade, cannabis is still widely used by young people, and the impacts on adolescent development remain an important issue.
The key goals of the Centre are:
providing the Australian community with cannabis information resources about cannabis
supporting service providers to respond to those experiencing problems related to cannabis
specifically engaging young people to reduce and prevent cannabis uptake
Rationale
The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre was established in response to data published in the Pfizer Australia Health Report. NDARC and NCPIC have collaborated with Pfizer Australia to assist with educating the public about cannabis. Many in the Australian community are concerned that this collaboration and NCPIC involvement with GW Pharmaceutical and SATIVEX places NDARC and NCPIC in a position of conflicted interests.
The NCPIC mission is to reduce the use of cannabis in Australia by preventing uptake and providing the community with evidence-based information and interventions. Despite this mission, NCPIC has been seen to publish fabricated and misleading cannabis information in the past.
The Centre closed its doors after losing Commonwealth funding in December 2016.
References
External links
National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre
National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre
Cannabis research
2008 establishments in Australia
Cannabis in Australia
2008 in cannabis
Lynfred Winery is a winery in Roselle, Illinois. It is one of the oldest continually operated winery in Illinois.
History
Lynfred was founded on October 14, 1979, by Fred and Lynn Koehler. They started in a restored 1912 house in Roselle, Illinois, and began selling wine produced from California grapes out of the cellar in 1975. In 1985, their 1983 Chardonnay was awarded "Double Gold" at the National Restaurant Show in Chicago and won an award at the National Wine Competition for Chardonnays in Reno, Nevada. To meet demand, Lynfred opened a new winery in 1990, allowing them to produce nearly of wine per year.
In 1999, Lynfred opened Tasting deVine as a satellite store in Wheaton; a second location opened in Naperville in 2004. A tasting room in Wheeling opened in 2008. Since 2002, Lynfred has run a bed and breakfast at their original location.
References
External links
Lynfred Winery official web site
Wineries in Illinois
Companies based in DuPage County, Illinois
Roselle, Illinois
1979 establishments in Illinois
Bed and breakfasts in Illinois
Tourist attractions in DuPage County, Illinois
Lathrapanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least four described species in Lathrapanteles, found in the New World.
Species
These four species belong to the genus Lathrapanteles:
Lathrapanteles ampyx Williams, 1985
Lathrapanteles fuscus Williams, 1985
Lathrapanteles heleios Williams, 1985
Lathrapanteles papaipemae (Muesebeck, 1921)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
National Highway 5 or National Road No.5 (10005) is one of the national highways of Cambodia. With a length of , it connects the capital of Phnom Penh with Thailand. NH5 leaves Phnom Penh in a north to northwest direction, it first borders the Tonle Sap, three bridges the Chroy Changvar, the Prek Kdam and the Prek Pnov link the Est of the country. Then it moves away from the river/lake because the land there is flooded part of the year and it exits Kandal Province and traverses Kampong Chhnang Province from the junction with Road 51, north to Kampong Chhnang City, then northwest to Baribour District where it crosses into Pursat Province. From there, it skirts the Tonle Sap lake and continues west to Pursat town, the provincial capital. Leaving Pursat, NH5 again turns northwest and leads to Battambang Province, passing through another provincial capital at Battambang city and continuing on to Serei Saophoan District in Banteay Meanchey Province where it meets the terminus of NH6 and bends westward towards its own terminus at Poipet on the Thai border.
References
AH1
Roads in Cambodia
Quality Group Limited is Tanzania's largest conglomerate with 17 companies in the automotive, engineering products, international trade, logistic solutions and warehousing, real estate development, food processing, consulting, transport, aluminium and fisheries sectors. It is a privately held company owned by the ABC family.
Companies of Tanzania
The American Journal of Legal History is a peer reviewed, peer edited legal periodical. It has appeared quarterly since 1957. It was the first English-language periodical devoted solely to legal history. Since 2016 it has been published by Oxford University Press.
Founding
The American Journal of Legal History was founded by Temple University law library director Erwin C. Surrency. The first issue appeared in February 1957. From its inception until 1982, the Journal was the official publication of the American Society for Legal History.
Purpose
According to Professor Surrency, the Journal was created to provide legal historians with a forum for their work and as a means of advancing the "law through a study of its history." As a peer publication, the Journal provides authors with "a more experienced editorial hand [and its] articles often are shorter, filled with less publish-or-perish tenure pieces than with an exchange of ideas between scholars."
The Journal was the first English-language periodical devoted solely to legal history. The Journal publishes articles, essays, and book reviews on all aspects of legal history. Although a popular misconception is that the Journal's coverage is limited to “American legal history,” the editors make it a point to regularly publish works on non-American legal history. The "American" part of the title denotes the journal's original location—in the United States—not the subject matter it publishes.
Personnel
The Journal, which was published from its founding in 1957 through 2015 by the Temple University Beasley School of Law in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, had four editors during that time, all of whom were with Temple University's law school: Professor Surrency (1957–81); Professor Diane C. Maleson (1982-2002); Mr. Lawrence J. Reilly (2008 to 2014), and Professor Harwell Wells (2015). Beginning in 2016 the editors are Stefan Vogenauer and Alfred Brophy. The book review editors are Lee Wilson and Matthew Dyson.
The Journal'''s international editorial board has more than twenty prominent legal historians. From 1957 to 1974, the honorary chair of the advisory board was Earl Warren, the former Chief Justice of the United States.
From 1974 to 2015, the Journal was printed by the George H. Buchanan Company of Logan Township, New Jersey.
Influence
Federal and state judges have cited the Journal in 125 published opinions. Scholars have cited the Journal in more than 3,000 articles and more than 15,000 books.
In their seminal work on the evolution of the growth of American legal history as a field of study, Professors William E. Nelson and John Phillip Reid noted that the Journal is "a publication in which academic historians speak to each other . . . [and] virtually every one of the many articles in the Journal [is] essential reading for those wishing to keep current in the field."
Availability
Hard copies of the Journal can be purchased from W.S. Hein & Co., Inc. Electronic copies of the Journal'' are available at the journal's website, as well as on EBSCO, HeinOnline, JSTOR, LexisNexis, and Westlaw.
References
External links
American law journals
Temple University
Publications established in 1957
Oxford University Press academic journals
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Peer reviewed law journals
Wet Wet Wet: Live is a live album by Wet Wet Wet. It was released on December 1, 1990. It was released on cassette only by The Precious Organisation. The performance was taken from The Big Day event in Glasgow.
John Aizlewood in Q Magazine described it as "pithily enjoyable and made sweeter by the low-key release".
Track listing
"Get Ready"
"Brick House"
"Is This Love"
"I Feel Fine"
"You've Got a Friend"
"Second Hand News"
"Possession"
"With a Little Help from My Friends"
"Wishing I Was Lucky"
"H.T.H.D.T.G.T."
"Sweet Little Mystery"
References
Wet Wet Wet albums
1990 live albums
Moca aphrodora is a species of moth in the family Immidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
The wingspan is 17–22 mm. The forewings are dark purplish grey, with some irregularly strewn greyish-ochreous and whitish scales and a whitish-ochreous line on the upper margin of the cell from the base to one-fourth, edged with blackish above. There is a cloudy dark fuscous spot on the costa at one-fifth, preceded by a small whitish subcostal spot. There is an irregular series of three or four small cloudy dark fuscous spots between this and the dorsum. The anterior half of the fold is irregularly suffused with white, and an irregular transverse series of several small cloudy white spots before the middle, as well as an irregular dark fuscous blotch on the middle of the costa, the costa is ochreous white before and beyond this. Two transversely placed dark fuscous dots are found on the end of the cell, and there is a white line in the disc from one-fourth to between these and forming a small spot beyond them. An irregular curved incomplete series of small cloudy whitish spots runs from the costal ochreous-white space at two-thirds to near the dorsum at two-thirds, a blotch of dark fuscous suffusion preceding this beneath the cell. A suffused dark fuscous blotch is found on the costa at three-fourths, and there is a series of dark fuscous dots from the posterior angle of this parallel to the termen, roundish dark fuscous spots before and beyond this in the middle. There is also a terminal series of cloudy dark fuscous dots, with a faint whitish waved terminal line. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1922
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Kaydee were a four-piece pop rock band from Kilkenny, Ireland which existed between 1994 and 1998. One member in particular, Tara Blaise, has gone on to have a successful solo career.
Biography
Beginnings
In 1994, Jan Kealy, Bob Murphy, Kevin Bruce, and Joey Shore started a band called Kaydee, taking the name from the initials 'K.D.'. The lead singer Jan Kealy had been writing songs since the age of thirteen and in an interview with Radio Kilkenny on 28 June, the guitarist Kevin Bruce cited My Bloody Valentine as one of his influences. The band played many times at the Pumphouse Pub and various other venues in Kilkenny. In 1994 the band sent a demo tape to and played a showcase for EMI, and they were signed by A&R man Thomas Black to their Irish subsidiary Lime Records.
With Lime Records "Cradle" was Kaydee's debut single, released on 20 June 1997 and entered the Irish Singles Chart at No.18. During the same month Kaydee recorded a four-song session for Dave Fanning's show on RTÉ 2fm; it was repeated twice during the year.
New singer, to the end
Kaydee released their second single, "Falling Down", on 5 September 1997, just before Jan Kealy left the band. In October 1997, Tara Egan-Langley (now better known as Tara Blaise) joined Kaydee on vocals from the Wilde Oscars. By this stage Kaydee had changed bassist as well; Bob Murphy had left in early 1997 and was replaced by Mark McCorry, from Purple Ocean.
The band had already recorded what would become their debut album, with Jan Kealy on vocals, so they re-recorded the vocal tracks using Tara Egan-Langley's voice. The band released their third single, "Mr. Sweeney", on 17 April 1998, followed later by their fourth, "Seven Days" on 3 July 1998. Their debut album Stop! I'm Doing it Again (produced by Paul Staveley O'Duffy) was released on 18 August 1998, along with the re-recorded version of "Cradle" as a single.
Kaydee finally decided to disband in October 1998.
Present
Tara Blaise has gone on to have a successful solo career. Bob Murphy and Jan Kealy got married in 2000 and now both play in One Week of Days.
Members
Tara Egan-Langley (vocals)
Kevin Bruce (guitar)
Mark McCorry (bass)
Joey Shore (drums)
Former members
Jan Kealy (vocals)
Bob Murphy (bass)
Discography
Album
{{Discography list
| Type = studio
| Name = Stop! I'm Doing it Again
| Other info =
| Released = 18 August 1998
| Format = CD
| Label = Lime, EMI
| Writer =
| Producer = Paul Staveley O'Duffy
| Chart position=
| Sales =
| Certification =
| Tracks =
"Cradle" (3:37)
"Mr. Sweeney" (4:34)
"Eyes" (3:59)
"Sense" (5:26)
"Seven Days" (4:14)
"Once" (4:08)
"The Truth" (5:05)
"All I Ever Wanted" (4:03)
"Falling Down" (4:37)
"Carousel" (4:19)
"Time Upon Time" (3:45)
"Slow Diving" (4:11)
| Bonus tracks =
"Walk Away" (3:07) (Japan edition)
"On Broadway" (4:07) (Japan edition)
| Singles =
"Cradle"
"Falling Down"
"Mr. Sweeney"
"Seven Days"
}}
Singles
References
Musical groups from County Kilkenny
Musical quartets
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical groups disestablished in 1998
1994 establishments in Ireland
The Chixoy-Polochic Fault, also known as Cuilco-Chixoy-Polochic Fault, is a major fault zone in Guatemala and southeast Mexico. It runs in a light arc from the east coast of Guatemala to Chiapas, following the deep valleys of the Polochic River, Chixoy River and Cuilco River.
Extent, slip rate and total displacement
The Chixoy-Polochic Fault is a large, dominantly strike-slip, left-lateral fault that runs largely parallel to the Motagua Fault situated some 45 km to its south. Both fault zones are onshore extensions of the Bartlett Deep, or Cayman Trench of the Caribbean Sea, which marks the tectonic boundary between the Caribbean Plate and the North American Plate. Both faults connect at sea west of the Guatemalan coast. To the west, the Polochic fault may branch onto the Tonala fault of western Chiapas. It does not continue at sea across the Pacific coastal plain and marine shelf.
The Chixoy-Polochic fault has total displacement of 125 km, well constrained by the offset of Paleocene or Eocene laramide folds and thrusts. Fault velocity has been estimated at 4.8 ± 2.3 mm/y over the past 10 ky, 2.5–3.3 mm/y over the last 7–10 Myr, and less than 5 mm/y during the current interseismic cycle.
Seismicity
While recent seismic activity is more prominent in the Motagua fault, some studies suggest the Chixoy-Polochic Fault is still capable of producing major earthquakes. The magnitude 7.5–7.8 Mw 1816 Guatemala earthquake of western Guatemala has been ascribed to the Polochic Fault, although this has been disputed. Most recent recorded fault activity includes at least for slip events between 17 ka and 13 ka BP, and aseismic surface rupture over some of the past 5 centuries. One or several intermediate to large earthquakes between 850 CE and 1,400 CE, including a cluster of 4 earthquakes over 60 years during the Classic Maya collapse. The fault display a 5 km to 10 km deep zone of microseismicity which may represent a locked zone. Only ≤ 5.6 Mw earthquakes have occurred on the fault since the beginning of regional instrumental records (1920 CE).
References
Chixoy
Geographic areas of seismological interest
Geology of Guatemala
Seismic faults of Guatemala
The 2013-14 Turkish Men's Volleyball League is the 44th edition of the top-flight professional men's volleyball league in Turkey.
Regular season
League table
Source: Turkish Volleyball Federation
Play-out
Playoffs
References
External links
Turkish Volleyball Federastion official web page
Man 's
2013 in Turkish sport
2014 in Turkish sport
Lydford railway station was a junction at Lydford between the Great Western Railway (GWR) and London and South Western Railway (LSWR) situated in a remote part of north-west Dartmoor in Devon, England.
History
The station, known then as "Lidford", was opened on 1 June 1865 with the Launceston and South Devon Railway, a broad gauge line that connected with the South Devon and Tavistock Railway to offer a service to Plymouth Millbay railway station. This line eventually became a part of the GWR.
On 12 October 1874 the LSWR line was opened from Okehampton railway station. This was a standard gauge line that carried trains direct from London Waterloo station, whereas passengers to the GWR's London Paddington station had to travel on the branch line to Plymouth and then change onto a main line train.
On 17 May 1876 a junction was opened between the two lines and LSWR trains could then reach its new station at Devonport by running over the GWR's route, which was mixed gauge. On 1 June 1890 a new line, built by the Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway, gave the LSWR a route to Devonport independent of the GWR. The GWR line was converted to standard gauge on 20 May 1892.
The connection between the two lines was removed in 1895 but was replaced in 1943 to give flexibility should the railway lines around Plymouth be damaged by World War II bombing. Other connections were installed at Launceston railway station and at St Budeaux.
The station had been renamed "Lydford" on 3 June 1897. Trains were withdrawn from the former GWR branch on 31 December 1962 but continued on the main line until 6 May 1968. Goods traffic ceased on 7 September 1964.
Description
The original station had a passing loop and two platforms, with the station offices on the platform used by trains towards Plymouth. The LSWR built their platforms alongside the original ones, so the original booking office became a waiting room on an island platform with both companies opening new offices on their respective outside platforms.
From 1 March 1914 the LSWR took responsibility for the GWR platforms. The GWR signal box was closed on 8 January 1917, when signal controls were combined in a single box on the central platform with two lever frames – one for each line – placed back to back. The signalman had trains from Tavistock on his left when working the GWR frame, but on his right when working the LSWR one.
Goods traffic was handled in a yard at the north end of the station between the two lines with access from both.
References
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Devon
Former London and South Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1865
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1968
Beeching closures in England
Istiqlal Party (Independence Party) may refer to:
Istiqlal Party in Morocco.
Independence Party (Mandatory Palestine)
Iraqi Independence Party
Independence Party (Egypt)
Friends of Suburban Bristol Railways (FoSBR) is a Bristol-based campaign group, calling for better rail transport in the Bristol area.
Formation
FoSBR was formed in 1995 as Friends of Severn Beach Railway, to protest against the potential demise of the Severn Beach Line, a single-track branch line in Bristol. Services at the time had been reduced along the line from to , with many services replaced by buses. The first FoSBR action was on 25 September 1995, when a group of protestors met at Avonmouth railway station with buggies and bicycles, to show that buses were not a suitable replacement for trains. The group later changed its name to Friends of Suburban Bristol Railways, allowing it to keep the FoSBR acronym.
Campaigns
Severn Beach Line
FoSBR's first campaign was to get a better service on the Severn Beach Line, an important Bristol commuter line connecting to and via Clifton. The line had few services, no service at all on Sundays, and very few trains travelled the entire length of the line to Severn Beach. Following action by FoSBR and a string of protests, Bristol City Council agreed to subsidise a service of at least one train every 45mins in each direction along the line. This continued until 2007 when a 1-hour minimum service was written into the Greater Western passenger franchise. In 2007, the Council unanimously agreed to pay £450,000 per year to fund extra services from May 2008 for three years, which resulted in a 60% increase in passenger numbers along the line, and a 25% year-on-year increase between June 2009 and June 2010. Passenger numbers on the line increased by 90% over the period 2008–11, and 25% in the period 2010–11. The Council cut the subsidy paid by half, saying the extra passengers were allowing the line to support itself, which prompted criticism by FoSBR, saying the money should be used to provide evening trains and through services to and .
Services along the line run at roughly three trains every two hours between Avonmouth and Temple Meads, with one extending to Severn Beach. FoSBR is campaigning for a half-hourly service, which has become feasible since the restoration of the four-track line between Temple Meads and Filton.
FoSBR also campaigned for a Sunday service between Severn Beach and , the success of which was celebrated with a picnic. There are two services each Sunday – both terminate at Severn Beach during the summer, but one terminates at Avonmouth outside of summer.
FoSBR support the opening of a station to serve the A4 Portway Park & Ride scheme in Shirehampton. They argue that buses often have to deal with heavy traffic on the A4 Portway to reach the city centre, and that a rail link would be quicker and greener.
FoSBR have also suggested the Severn Beach Line be electrified as part of the electrification of the Great Western Main Line. They were supported in this by Stephen Williams, the former MP for Bristol West.
Henbury Loop
FoSBR are campaigning for the Henbury Loop Line, a freight line in the north of Bristol which has not seen passenger traffic since the 1960s. This would include the reopening of and railway stations, both of which closed to passengers in 1964. FoSBR suggest this would help services along the Severn Beach Line, allowing a Temple Meads-Avonmouth- service, and also provide services to the north of Bristol generally, the Cribbs Causeway shopping centre, and the redevelopment at Filton Aerodrome. FoSBR say that local councils have committed to a feasibility study into reopening the line.
Filton Bank
The line between and , commonly known as Filton Bank was reduced from four tracks to two in 1984 as a cost-saving measure. It was frequently congested.
FoSBR were part of a successful campaign to reinstate this as a four-track railway. These works, which included the rebuilding of a viaduct at Stapleton Road, were completed in 2018.
Electrification to Weston-super-Mare
The Great Western Main Line, the major railway between London and Bristol, was electrified in the 2010s as part of a major upgrade scheme. The entire line between London Paddington, Bristol Temple Meads and was due to be electrified by 2017, as was the line between Temple Meads and Parkway. However, FoSBR are concerned that since the new electric Intercity Express Programme (IEP) trains will not be able to operate beyond Bristol, direct services between London and will be discontinued. FoSBR therefore support the extension of electrification to Weston-super-Mare, and of the Severn Beach Line, to provide passengers with "better, more reliable services".
FoSBR also supported the building of the Stoke Gifford depot for Intercity Express Trains, against local opposition. 550 local residents signed a petition against the depot, citing light, noise and water pollution concerns. FoSBR released a joint statement with Daniel Casey of the Green Party and Dave Wood of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, saying that the residents' concerns were unfounded, noting several methods of noise/light/water pollution prevention that would be used, and also mentioning that the nearby motorways, Filton Airfield and night-time freight trains on the South Wales Main Line would all produce more background noise than the depot would.
MetroWest
Portishead Line
FoSBR support the reopening of the Portishead Branch Line to passenger services. The line was closed in the 1960s, but was reopened in the early 2000s for freight trains to serve Royal Portbury Docks. The track beyond is either overgrown or built over.
Awards
FoSBR hold awards ceremonies for people and organisations who have helped promote rail transport in the Bristol area.
See also
Severnside Community Rail Partnership
References
External links
https://fosbr.org.uk/ – Official website
Politics of Bristol
Rail transport in Bristol
Transport advocacy groups of the United Kingdom
1995 establishments in England
This is a list of newspapers in Brazil, both national and regional. Newspapers in other languages and themes newspapers are also included.
In 2012, Brazil's newspaper circulation increased by 1.8 percent, compared to the previous year. The average daily circulation of newspapers in Brazil is 4.52 million copies.
National
Regional
Acre
Amapá
Amazonas
Bahia
Ceará
Distrito Federal
Espírito Santo
Goiás
Maranhão
Mato Grosso
Mato Grosso do Sul
Minas Gerais
Pará
Paraná
Paraíba
Pernambuco
Piauí
Rio de Janeiro
Rio Grande do Norte
Rio Grande do Sul
Rondônia
Roraima
Santa Catarina
São Paulo
Sergipe
Tocantins
Finance newspapers
Sports newspapers
Religion-themed
Other languages
Defunct
(São Paulo)
A Notícia (Rio de Janeiro)
Correio da Manhã
(Cachoeiro de Itapemirim)
(São Paulo)
(São Paulo)
Folha da Manhã (São Paulo)
(São Paulo)
(Rio de Janeiro)
(São Paulo)
Jornal da Tarde (São Paulo)
Jornal do Commercio (Rio de Janeiro)
Notícias Populares (São Paulo)
O Jornal
O Pasquim
(Fortaleza)
Última Hora
ValeParaibano
See also
List of magazines in Brazil
Television in Brazil
Radio in Brazil
References
Further reading
External links
Brazil
List
Newspapers
Matt Foreman may refer to:
Matthew Foreman, mathematician
Matt Foreman (activist)
Coccothrinax jamaicensis, the silver thatch or Jamaican silver thatch, is a fan palm believed to be endemic to Jamaica. A slender palm growing up to tall, it grows in coastal areas on limestone or sand.
Description
Coccothrinax jamaicensis is a single-stemmed, slender palm with a trunk that is tall and normally but occasionally in diameter. The leaves, which are in diameter, are divided into 35–38 segments. The undersides of the leaves are silvery in colour due to a dense scaly layer. The petiole is usually long, but occasionally just . The flowers are whitish and strongly scented. The fruit are small, about in diameter, and are purple-black when they are mature.
Taxonomy
The genus Coccothrinax is considered "taxonomically difficult", and in need of a complete taxonomic treatment. Its diversity is primarily in the Greater Antilles—most species are found in Cuba which has 39 species, or Hispaniola, with 11. Unlike its Greater Antillean neighbours, Jamaica supports only a single species, C. jamaicensis. While the species has been reported from Providencia and Swan Island in the western Caribbean, Jestrow and colleagues consider these reports to be in need of validation, and consider the species to be a Jamaican endemic as does the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families.
Jamaican Coccothrinax were originally placed in C. argentata, but American botanist Liberty Hyde Bailey transferred them to C. fragrans. American botanist Robert W. Read concluded that Jamaican Coccothrinax, while variable, did not fit into either species, and described a new species, C. jamaicensis, to include the species. Andrew Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. jamaicensis to be a synonym of C. argentata, but Rafaël Govaerts accepted it as a valid species, as did systematists working on Caribbean palms.
Habitat
Coccothrinax jamaicensis grows in areas near the coast from sea level to almost above sea level primarily on limestone and in sandy areas just inland from the beach. It is a typical component of dry limestone forests.
Uses
The leaves of C. jamaicaensis are used to weave hats, baskets, bags and brooms.
References
jamaicensis
Trees of Jamaica
Plants described in 1966
Camille Rouhana Cordahi (; 11 September 1919 – 11 May 2011) was a Lebanese footballer who played as a forward. He is the Lebanon national team's first official goalscorer, scoring his side's lone goal in a friendly game against Mandatory Palestine in 1940.
Cordahi began his senior club career in 1935 at DPHB, winning three Lebanese Premier League titles. In 1942 Cordahi played one season at Racing Beirut, before joining Sagesse in 1943, which he helped form. He remained at the club until his retirement in 1950.
Known as "the Golden Foot" (), Cordahi represented Beirut XI unofficially as their captain between 1937 and 1950; his first official cap for Lebanon was the 1940 friendly against Mandatory Palestine, Lebanon's first official game, in which he scored.
Following his retirement as a player, Cordahi assumed various managerial roles at his former clubs Sagesse and Racing Beirut, and was the treasurer of the Lebanese Football Association in 1979. He was also the first mayor of his hometown Faitroun, and was awarded the Lebanese Medal of Merit in 1974.
Early life
Cordahi was born on 11 September 1919 in Faitroun, Lebanon, to Rouhana Cordahi and Catherine Massaad. He had six siblings: Marie, Joseph, Georgette, Eva, Laure, and Marcelle. Cordahi grew up in the Achrafieh district of Beirut, and studied at the Sagesse High School, playing football for the school's team.
While studying at Sagesse, Cordahi was noticed by various French football clubs, who offered him to move to France with a scholarship. Cordahi's parents declined, and he remained in Lebanon.
Club career
Cordahi began his senior football career at DPHB, the football club of the Lebanese railways, in 1935; he played at the inaugural game of the Beirut Municipal Stadium that year, alongside teammate Joseph Nalbandian. With DPHB Cordahi won three Lebanese Premier League titles, in 1935–36, 1938–39, 1940–41.
In 1942 Cordahi moved to Racing Beirut for one season. In 1943 he helped Sagesse form a senior football team, playing their first season in the 1943–44 Lebanese Second Division. Cordahi helped Sagesse win the Second Division in their first season, but were not promoted to the Premier League. In 1947–48, he won the Second Division with Sagesse once again, gaining promotion back to the Premier League.
Cordahi retired from football in 1950, prior to Sagesse's relegation to the Second Division.
International career
Nicknamed "the Golden Foot" (), in 1940 Cordahi took part in Lebanon's first international match, in a friendly against Mandatory Palestine. He scored Lebanon's lone goal of the match, assisted by Muhieddine Jaroudi of Hilmi Sports, becoming his country's first international goalscorer. Cordahi represented Lebanon twice more, in friendlies against Syria in 1942 and 1947.
Between 1937 and 1950, Cordahi also represented Beirut XI internationally as their captain in unofficial international games. In May 1946, he played for Beirut XI in a friendly game against Egyptian club Alexandria. Cordahi also received offers to play for the national teams of Syria and Palestine, but he declined.
Managerial career
Following his retirement as a player, Cordahi worked at Sagesse first, and Racing Beirut later, as an administrator. On 18 January 1971, Cordahi was nominated sporting director of Racing Beirut by the club's General Assembly. In 1979 he was the treasurer of the Lebanese Football Association.
Personal life
Cordahi worked for the Lebanese railways between 1935 and 1942, while playing for their football club DPHB. Between 1944 and 1953, Cordahi worked at Régie des Tabacs et Tombacs, a tobacco manufacturing and trade company. In 1962 he became the first mayor of his hometown Faitroun, an occupation he held for over 45 years.
On 1 June 1965, Cordahi founded a table tennis club, called Sporting Club Faitroun. The club was located in his home, and the table was put in his garage. In August 1974, Cordahi was awarded the Lebanese Medal of Merit at Racing Beirut's 40th anniversary.
On 15 December 1962, Cordahi married his wife Sonia Farid Rizk; the couple had three children: a son, Rouhana, and two daughters, Catherine and Zeina. Cordahi died on 11 May 2011.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Lebanon's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Lebanon goal.
Honours
DPHB
Lebanese Premier League: 1935–36, 1938–39, 1940–41
Lebanese FA Cup runner-up: 1939–40
Sagesse
Lebanese Second Division: 1943–44, 1947–48
References
External links
1919 births
2011 deaths
People from Keserwan District
Lebanese footballers
Association football forwards
AS DPHB players
Racing Club Beirut players
Sagesse SC footballers
Lebanese Premier League players
Lebanese Second Division players
Lebanon international footballers
Mayors of places in Lebanon
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
Coccothrinax scoparia is a palm which is endemic to Hispaniola.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. scoparia to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
scoparia
Trees of Haiti
Trees of the Dominican Republic
Plants described in 1908
Taxa named by Odoardo Beccari
The Willamette Valley Fruit Company (WVFC) is a packaged and bulk produce company based in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, United States. The company is owned by Inventure Foods and specializes in berries. WVFC packages an average of 11 million pounds of fruit each year during the summers, contracting with growers from farms near the production facility. In the off-season, the company does custom packaging of mushrooms just before the early strawberry season.
History
Willamette Valley Fruit Company, LLC began in 1999 processing local fruits and berries in the Salem area. The company was founded by three local farming families.
Operations began in the summer of 1999 with limited production capabilities for wet-pack products in pails and drums from fruit produced by a small number of growers in the area. By the second year, a production facility was built with a freeze-tunnel to broaden the range of products offered to include Individually Quick Frozen (IQF) fruit. This allowed fruit to be sold to a variety of end users from concentrators (for juices) to poly-baggers.
In 2000, WVFC purchased a local pie company called LaSuisse Specialty Foods, Inc., started by a neighbor. The pies were known through the local area for being high quality and handmade with natural ingredients and were being retailed in a Salem grocery chain, Roth's Fresh Markets. WVFC began pie production using the purchased recipes. In late spring of 2003, the pie production moved from roughly a space to a new building on the same property totaling over . The pies were then branded as Willamette Valley Fruit Pies.
References
Agriculture companies of the United States
Food manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Salem, Oregon
Food and drink companies established in 1999
1999 establishments in Oregon
Satyawati Suleiman (7 October 1920 – 26 February 1988) was an Indonesian historian and archaeologist. She is considered a pioneer in Indonesian archaeology and was one of the first women in the field, being the first female archaeology graduate from her alma mater at the University of Indonesia. Her contributions were particularly noted in archaeological research on Srivijaya.
Early life
Suleiman was born in Bogor (then Buitenzorg) on 7 October 1920, the daughter of a Sundanese bupati (regent). Prior to the outbreak of the Second World War, she studied under Dutch Professor Bernet Kempers, but her studies were interrupted by the 1942 Japanese invasion of the Dutch East Indies. Suleiman would later write an account of the Japanese invasion, which was published in 1979.
Career
She began working at Indonesia's Archaeological Service in 1948 and later pursued a degree in archaeology at the University of Indonesia, graduating in 1953. She was the first female archaeology graduate from the university.
During the early 1950s she joined multiple archaeological expeditions to South Sumatra and Jambi which pioneered research into the Srivijaya state. In late 1955, Suleiman met with French researcher Louis-Charles Damais, who gave her a copy of the French George Cœdès' The Indianized States of Southeast Asia. Suleiman offered Damais a spot in a planned Indonesian archaeological mission to India the next year, but the mission was scrapped.
In 1958, Suleiman was sent to the Indonesian Embassy in New Delhi as a cultural attache. After holding the office for three years, she moved to the London Embassy, where she was attache between 1961 and 1963.
After her time abroad, she returned to Indonesia and worked under Soekmono in the National Archaeological Institute, heading the classical archaeology department between 1963 and 1973. In 1973, while Soekmono had been assigned to the restoration of the Borobudur Temple, Satyawati took over as chairman of the body between 1973 and 1977. During her tenure, the body was split into two separate bodies, one tasked with research and studies and the other with restorations and protection, due to the excess workload for a single organization. After her tenure ended, she continued to be a head researcher in the organization until 1985. She was also member in the Governing Board of the SEAMEO SPAFA, from where she launched a program to promote Srivijayan archaeology in Southeast Asia through the holding of workshops in Indonesia and Thailand.
During her career, Suleiman specialized in iconography, and was known to possess great knowledge on various archaeological artifacts found in Sumatra and Java. In her obituary published in the journal Indonesia, British academic O. W. Wolters wrote that Suleiman enjoyed archaeological expeditions outside Jakarta, and noted that her contribution to studies of Srivijaya were "indispensable".
Later life and death
Suleiman retired from the institute in 1985, but she was allowed to maintain an office there where she aided younger researchers in their work. She died in Jakarta on 26 February 1988.
Selected works
References
1920 births
1988 deaths
People from Bogor
University of Indonesia alumni
Indonesian archaeologists
Indonesian women archaeologists
20th-century archaeologists
Tuomas Eerola is professor in Music Cognition at Durham University. He studied at the University of Jyväskylä from where he received his MA in Music in 1997, and his PhD in Musicology in 2003. His research focuses on music and emotion. He has over 100 publications that can be accessed from Google Scholar. He has been awarded major research grants from Academy of Finland to study the appeal of sad music, from Economic and Social Research Council to explore the tagging of emotions in music, and Arts and Humanities Research Council (as a co-PI) to study the interpersonal entrainment in music performance
References
Music psychologists
Living people
Academics of Durham University
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Jyväskylä alumni
Finnish musicologists
Finnish expatriates in the United Kingdom
21st-century Finnish musicians
Beth Karas (born January 29, 1957) is an attorney and TV commentator who worked as a Senior Reporter with truTV, providing commentary on a number of high-profile cases, including the rape trial of Kobe Bryant, the Martha Stewart trial, and the murder trials of Robert Blake, Scott Peterson, and Jodi Arias.
Early life and education
Karas grew up in Deerfield, Massachusetts and graduated from Frontier Regional School in 1975. She received a B.A. in political science and Spanish from Mount Holyoke College in 1979 and a Juris Doctor degree from Fordham Law School. She was admitted to the New York State Bar in 1987.
Career
Karas was an assistant district attorney in New York City for eight years. She joined Court TV as a commentator in 1994, having filled in as an anchor on multiple occasions. She also provided live legal commentary to BBC Radio in London from 1998 to 2011. CourtTV was subsequently renamed TruTV and eventually merged with its sister channel, HLN. A juror was dismissed from the Jodi Arias trial after she approached Karas, who covered the case first for HLN and then as a freelance journalist. She is currently an independent legal consultant. On August 16, 2019 she was a guest anchor on Court TV.
References
External links
Official Website
Karas on Crime
Court TV photo and biography
1961 births
Living people
American reporters and correspondents
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Fordham University School of Law alumni
County district attorneys in New York (state)
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Deerfield, Massachusetts
Journalists from Massachusetts
Loucif Hamani (15 May 1950 – 9 November 2021) was an Algerian boxer who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the light-middleweight event where he reached the quarter finals before losing to Alan Minter of Great Britain. Earlier, Hamani defeated José Antonio Colon of Puerto Rico in his first bout and Anthony Richardson of the Netherlands in his second. Hamani was born in Igoufaf, Tizi Ouzou Province.
He later turned professional winning 24 of his 27 fights and was African Boxing Union super welterweight champion. One of his three professional losses was a brutal second-round knockout at the hands of Marvin Hagler on 16 February 1980 in Portland, Maine.
References
1950 births
2021 deaths
Boxers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Algeria
Algerian male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Middleweight boxers
People from Tizi Ouzou Province
African Games gold medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1973 All-Africa Games
African Boxing Union champions
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
The SS Waco Victory was a Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program. She was launched by the California Shipbuilding Company on July 22, 1944, and completed on October 14, 1944. The ship's United States Maritime Commission designation was 'VC2- S- AP3, hull number 37'. The 10,500-ton Victory ships were designed to replace the earlier Liberty Ships. Liberty ships were designed to be used just for World War II compared to Victory ships, which were designed to last longer and serve the US Navy after the war. Victory ships differed from Liberty ships in that they were faster, longer and wider, taller, had a thinner stack set farther toward the superstructure, and had a long raised forecastle.
Following World War II service, Waco Victory was sold to Belgium where she served as the SS Vinkt from 1947 to 1965. She was eventually resold to Liberia in 1965 where she served as the SS Hongkong Grace until she was damaged in a collision with the SS Mina in 1973. Deemed beyond repair, she was eventually scrapped.
Accidents and incidents
1967: Severally damaged in a collision with the SS Linda; later repaired.
1973: Severally damaged in a collision with the SS Mina; scrapped soon after.
References
Victory ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
United States Merchant Marine
1944 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Cargo liners
Talğar District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Talǵar.
It consists of an alluvial apron formed by the Talǵar River, extending northwards from the glacier peaks of the Trans-Ili Alatau (topped by Talgar Peak, 4,973 m), an extension of the northern flanks of the Tien Shan Mountains. Population:
List of settlements
Beskainar
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Tierney Peninsula () is an ice-covered peninsula about 14 nautical miles (26 km) long, between Savage Glacier and Morgan Inlet in the east end of Thurston Island. The east extremity of the peninsula (and Thurston Island overall) is Cape Annawan. These features were discovered on helicopter flights from the USS Burton Island and Glacier of the U.S. Navy Bellingshausen Sea Expedition in February 1960 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN). The peninsula was named for J.Q. Tierney, oceanographer aboard the Burton Island on this expedition. The cape was named for the ship Annawan of the United States Expedition of 1829–31, which with the Penguin sailed west from the South Shetland Islands in February 1830, holding a course between 62S and 58S and exploring as far as 103W, northward of this cape.
Two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the base is Pallid Crest, a solitary ice-covered ridge visible from a considerable distance and various directions. It was named by US-ACAN because of its whitish appearance.
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
References
Peninsulas of Ellsworth Land
Thurston Island
Xanthapanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Xanthapanteles, X. cameronae, found in Argentina.
References
Microgastrinae
Sunday Creek may refer to:
Sunday Creek (Ohio), a tributary of the Hocking River in southeastern Ohio, United States
Sunday Creek (Green River tributary), a stream in Washington, United States
See also
Sunday River (disambiguation)
The black-faced babbler (Turdoides melanops) is a species of songbird in the family Leiothrichidae. It was once it was considered conspecific with the black-lored babbler, A. sharpei.
As defined here, it occurs in northwestern Botswana, northern Namibia, and Angola. Like other Turdoides, it is found low or on the ground in or near dense woody vegetation, including in cultivated areas.
Description
Black-faced babblers are 21 to 25 cm (8 to 10 inches) long. Birds are largely grayish brown with geographically and individually variable white mottling, especially below. The combination of pale yellow or white eyes and black lores (the areas between the eye and the bill) separates this species from similar babblers, though all juvenile babblers have brown eyes.
The calls are described as "A nasal 'wha-wha-wha' and a harsh, fast 'papapapa'."
Behavior
They forage in leaf litter and are "much more furtive than the other babblers".
References
External links
Black-faced babbler - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
black-faced babbler
Birds of Southern Africa
Fauna of Namibia
black-faced babbler
black-faced babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Andrei Nikolayevich Bezhonov (; born 6 April 1993) is a Russian football player.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Dynamo Bryansk on 25 August 2016 in a game against FC Arsenal-2 Tula.
In 2018 he played in Spanish lower leagues for CF Can Vidalet and CD Torrevieja.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Professional Football League
1993 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Crimean Premier League players
Ilūkstes NSS players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
FC Dynamo Bryansk players
CD Torrevieja players
FC Belshina Bobruisk players
FC Sputnik Rechitsa players
Katarzyna Milena Popowska (born 25 November 1989, Łódź) also known as Kasia Popowska and PoppySinger is a Polish singer and a self-taught guitarist. Her debut album titled Tlen was released on 16 September 2014.
Career
Early years
Since 31 May 2007 she has uploaded videos of her performances on YouTube which attracted over 7,000,000 viewers. She has recorded cover versions of such popular hits like "Angels" by Robbie Williams, "Baby Love" by Nicole Scherzinger, "The Climb" by Miley Cyrus, Rihanna's "Take A Bow" and many others.
2009-2010: Poland's Got Talent and debut album plans
In 2009 she auditioned for the second series of Polish version of hit television show called Mam talent!. In front of the judges she sang "Hallelujah" by Leonard Cohen. Despite receiving positive judges' comments and public reaction, she failed to get through to the live semi-finals. This caused many protests of viewers who wanted Kasia to return to the competition. However, all of them were ineffective.
In late 2009 Popowska announced in one of her YouTube videos that she had signed a record deal with a label and was going to start working on her debut album. Then, it was reported that she was signed by Amfibia Records. The album, which title is unknown yet, is set to be released in 2011.
On July 24, 2010, Popowska performed on the XXIX Festiwal Piknik Country Mrągowo 2010. She sang the Dolly Parton hit, "Jolene".
2014-present: debut album
Popowska's debut album titled Tlen is set to be released on 16 September 2014 under Universal Music Poland label. It will be promoted by already released single "Przyjdzie taki dzień" and "Tlen", which is yet to be released as the second single.
Filmography
2010: Tangled (Polish version), as Rapunzel (singing only)
Discography
Albums
Singles
Guest appearances
2009: unofficial "Best Covers" was made by fanclub kasiapopowska.socjum.pl
2011: CD SoundTrack "Zaplątani" (eng.Tangled), six songs as Roszpunka (eng.Rapunzel)
2011: "POLAND...WHY NOT?", "It was You" (written by Kasia Popowska, Brian Allan and Jan Weckström)
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Musicians from Łódź
Polish pop singers
Polish guitarists
21st-century Polish singers
21st-century Polish women singers
21st-century guitarists
Crumbs and Whiskers is a small business which operates cat cafés that foster rescue cats and offer cafe amenities, in and Los Angeles, California. Crumbs & Whiskers partners with rescues who save cats at risk of euthanasia in high kill shelters and cats facing homelessness on the streets.
By housing cats who have nowhere else to go, they reduce the number of cats who are killed in the cities they operate in simply because there's no more space for them. By housing homeless cats in a unique space and marketing their profiles in a different way than shelters do, Crumbs and Whiskers significantly increases the exposure shelter cats get to potential adopters, which in turn, increases the adoption rates at their partner rescues.
Crumbs and Whiskers opened its first cat café in Washington on June 20, 2015; this was the first cat café to open in the Washington metropolitan area. The Washington D.C. café is partnered with Homeward Trails Animal Rescue, and provides a living space for around 20–25 cats at a time. Through the partnership arrangement, the Homeward Trails provide vaccinated and vetted cats to Crumbs and Whiskers, which functions as a foster home for the cats until they are adopted.
The Los Angeles café opened on September 30, 2016, and was the first cat café to open in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The Los Angeles café is partnered with Stray Cat Alliance, a Los Angeles-based animal rescue which provides cats for the café. Similar to the Washington D.C. café, the Los Angeles café offers a living space for the cats until they are adopted.
Crumbs and Whiskers uses an online booking system for scheduling visits and offers a fixed admission price per visit. For safety reasons, children under 18 must have a waiver signed by an adult. Crumbs and Whiskers allows customers to begin the application process for adopting one of the cats on site at their cafés.
Startup funding
The business founder, Kanchan Singh, opted to finance the venture by crowdfunding through a Kickstarter project with a target, an amount which she was initially uncertain that she could raise. The Crumbs and Whiskers Kickstarter project reached its funding target less than a day after it launched, and doubled this amount prior to the project deadline. The campaign ended with 705 backers and raised a total of $35,881 for the café.
References
Notes
Sources
Cats
Coffeehouses and cafés in the United States
Tourist attractions in Washington, D.C.
Tourist attractions in Los Angeles
Entertainment venues in Washington, D.C.
Entertainment venues in California
2015 establishments in Washington, D.C.
2016 establishments in California
Restaurants in Los Angeles
Restaurants in Washington, D.C.
Rock Around the Blockade (RATB), is a Cuba solidarity organisation in Britain founded by members of the Revolutionary Communist Group (UK) in 1995. RATB sees the struggle to defend the Cuban Revolution as part of building a movement for socialism and communism in Britain. In this it appears to differ from the Cuba Solidarity Campaign which attempts to build a broad front, largely but not exclusively through the mainstream labour movement, in support of the Cuban Revolution through emphasising the defence of Cuba's right to sovereignty.
RATB campaigns on issues such as the US economic blockade and the Cuban Five and also sends political solidarity brigades to Cuba. RATB raised funds to provide material aid to Cuba, through the campaign's links with the Union of Young Communists (UJC) in Cuba. The group has donated five sound systems, to be used for propaganda and cultural purposes, over a ten-year period. Membership according to the group's website is open to all who support the Cuban revolution. Members and supporters are active in Dundee, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Coatbridge, Newcastle, Middlesbrough, Durham, Leeds, Manchester, Liverpool, Nottingham, Leicester, across Greater London and Brighton.
Campaigning against the US blockade
RATB campaigns against the United States blockade against Cuba. The campaign has organised demonstrations, pickets and other protests to highlight these issues across many towns and cities in Britain. RATB also offers political solidarity in support of the Cuban Communist revolution. The group has a working relationship with the main Cuban daily youth newspaper Juventud Rebelde (Rebellious Youth), the newspaper of the Union of Young Communists (Unión de Jóvenes Comunistas). RATB has its own bimonthly newsletter called Viva Cuba!
Cuban Five
RATB have campaigned for the release of five Cubans known by campaigners as the Cuban Five. The Cuban Five are Gerardo Hernández, Antonio Guerrero, Ramón Labañino, Fernando Gonzáles, and René Gonzáles, five Cuban nationals who were arrested and convicted on charges of espionage, conspiracy to commit murder, and other crimes in the United States. All five are currently serving prison terms in the United States. RATB's activities have included street protests in many towns and cities in Britain along with protests outside the US embassy in London and the US consulate in Edinburgh.
In May 2007 activists from RATB attended the first international youth conference to free the Cuban Five in Havana, Cuba and were invited to have a speaker on the platform.
Boycott Bacardi Campaign
Following in the footsteps of other solidarity groups around the world, in August 1999, RATB launched their own Boycott Bacardi Campaign by closing down the corporation's British headquarters for a day. Bacardi backs the US blockade of Cuba and funds the Miami exile community .
In his book, Bacardi, The Hidden War, Hernando Calvo Ospina details the political aspect of the Bacardi corporation. The Boycott Bacardi Campaign is being picked up and duplicated throughout the world.
Cuban Speaking tour
In spring 2002 RATB hosted a national speaking tour of Britain with two Cuban women youth leaders. Meetings were held in schools, colleges, universities and housing estates from Brighton to Dundee. The Cubans spoke to thousands of people across Britain about the revolution in Cuba, developments in Latin America and the global struggle against neoliberalism and imperialism.
Between 21 February and 8 March 2008 Rock around the Blockade are hosting a speaking tour of Britain with representatives of three generations of the Cuban Revolution: Orlando Borrego, deputy to Ernesto ‘Che' Guevara and his closest collaborator from 1959 to 1965; Jesus García, from the Institute of Philosophy, delegate to the Municipal Assembly of Peoples' Power and author of several books on socialism and democracy; and Yoselin Rufin – a leader in the Federation of University Students (FEU), involved in today's energy revolution, a new stage in Cuba's Battle of Ideas.
External links
Rock Around the Blockade Online
CUBA: Defending Socialism, Resisting Imperialism (documentary) - Documentary film produced by RATB about modern day Cuba and its revolution
Cuban Speaking Tour Website
1959 – 2009 Celebrating 50 years of the Cuban Revolution
Political organisations based in the United Kingdom
Cuba solidarity groups
Organizations established in 1995
Cuba–United Kingdom relations
The Islam Headworks, commonly known as Head Islam, is a headwork on the River Sutlej in Hasilpur Tehsil of the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is used for irrigation and flood control.
The barrage is about north of Hasilpur and about south of Luddan on the Vehari-Hasilpur road. It was completed in 1927 as the Sutlej Valley Project for irrigation of Nili Bar. At long with a design discharge of , it has two off taking larger canals which irrigate of land in Southern Punjab and in the former Bahawalpur state. Mailsi Canal (150 m3/s) arises from its right bank and Bahawal Canal (150 m3/s) from the left; a third, smaller canal called Qaim Canal (15.8 m3/s) also arises from the left bank.
Maintenance and environmental concerns
Islam Headworks is reportedly in distress owing to aging, design deficiencies, constructional defects, hydraulic and mechanical problems, inadequate operation, maintenance, and drastic changes in river morphology as a result of the implementation of the Indus Water Treaty of 1960. The most significant problem has been the barrage's inadequate flood passage capacity compared to flood intensities developed over a 100-year return period. The aging process along with inadequate or deferred maintenance has contributed to a general deterioration of different components of the structure. The poor structural state of the headworks was documented to be poor in June 1998 due to inattention, lack of interest, and unreliable operations of the headworks. Every September when the flood level rises and India releases a large amount of water, it creates havoc in areas downstream from the headworks.
A feasibility study and detailed designs were prepared in 2008 to rehabilitate the headworks. However, due to a lack of interest, inefficiency at the government level, and an absence of confidence and trust in International Financial Institutions (IFIs), the rehabilitation was postponed. The World Bank (WB) has given verbal assurance for financing the rehabilitation of the Islam Headworks but it would be only after rehabilitation of another barrage (Jinnah). More recently, the Punjab government has obtained assurances from the World Bank and the provincial government of Shahbaz Sharif has begun to take interest in rehabilitation of the headworks. Flooding caused significant damage throughout Punjab in 2013, which may have been an impetus for this more proactive policy.
According to a 2011 report, the River Sutlej at this point is the most polluted river in South Asia. The combined unregulated discharge of urban and industrial waste into the river during its course through India and later Pakistan is the most likely source of this problem.
The Islam Barrage is a tourist site for those who want to visit nearby restaurants that sell fresh fish. Most of the tourists are from nearby towns. However, it can be developed into an ecotourism site for those who are interested in the hydrology of the Indus basin and the effect of shortages of water in this part of the world. The desertification of the area from the nearby Choolistan desert is an interesting phenomenon and the pollution of the river from upstream industry in India is a cause of concern.
See also
List of barrages and headworks in Pakistan
List of dams and reservoirs in Pakistan
References
Bahawalpur District
Dams in Pakistan
Irrigation in Pakistan
Dams on the Sutlej River
Qualification system
A total of 140 sailors and 85 boats will qualify to compete at the games. A nation may enter a maximum of one boat in each of the ten events and a maximum of eighteen athletes. Each event will have different qualifying events that began in 2013. However on December 22, 2014 the Pan American Sailing Federation announced the total quota was raised to 148 athletes and 93 boats (with the laser and laser standard events each receiving an additional four boats). This was done because the event became an Olympic qualifier.
Qualification summary
The following qualification summary and countries qualified per event are final and as of March 23, 2015.
RS:X men
Laser Standard men
The Dominican Republic declined the quota.
RS:X women
Laser Radial women
49erFX women
Sunfish open
Snipe open
Lightning mixed
Hobie 16 open
J/24 open
References
P
P
P
Qualification for the 2015 Pan American Games
Sailing at the 2015 Pan American Games
Jean-Louis Leca (born 21 September 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 1 club Lens. He has previously represented the Corsica national team at international level.
Club career
In July 2018, Leca joined French club RC Lens.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bastia
French footballers
Footballers from Corsica
Association football goalkeepers
Corsica international footballers
SC Bastia players
Valenciennes FC players
AC Ajaccio players
RC Lens players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Shipton is a small village in Shropshire, England.
The 12th-century parish church of St James is a Grade II* Listed Building. It was rebuilt in 1589 by the Lutwyche family then owning the Hall.
The church figures prominently in the history of the Samuel More family of Mayflower pilgrims fame. The More family had their seat at Shipton Hall after acquiring the Hall through marriage from the Mytton family in 1795. The Hall is constructed of limestone to an E-plan. In the ornamental gardens are stables and an early monastic dovecote, which is a Grade II* listed building.
See also
Listed buildings in Shipton, Shropshire
References
Shipton Shropshire Genealogy Records Search - FamilySearch.org
Villages in Shropshire
The 1885 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's second of play. The club played in the Montreal tournament.
Team business
The club moved its practices to the new Dey's Skating Rink, which was electrically lit. The club adopted the colours of gold and blue for their uniforms. Frank Jenkins was selected Captain for the season.
Season
The club played in the Montreal Winter Carnival Tournament. Games were held at the Crystal Rink. William O'Dell was goaltender, replacing Albert Low, who was on a survey exhibition. Ottawa placed second to the Montreal Hockey Club.
Roster
G. Currier, Thomas D. Green, Thomas Gallagher, F.M.S. (Frank) Jenkins(captain), Jack Kerr, Halder Kirby, William O'Dell(goal)
References
Ottawa Senators (original) seasons
Ottawa
Epichloë stromatolonga is a haploid species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 2009, Epichloë stromatolonga is a sister lineage to Epichloë amarillans, Epichloë baconii, Epichloë festucae and Epichloë mollis.
Epichloë stromatolonga is found in Asia, where it has been identified in the grass species Calamagrostis epigejos. Epichloë stromatolonga is not known to have a sexual phase.
References
stromatolonga
Fungi described in 2009
Fungi of Asia
High on the Happy Side is the third studio album by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet. The album was released on 27 January 1992 and reached the top of the UK Albums Chart on 8 February. The release of the album was preceded by the singles "Make It Tonight", "Put the Light On" and "Goodnight Girl", and followed by two further singles, "More than Love" and "Lip Service".
High on the Happy Side was released both a single album and as a double album with Cloak & Dagger, a covers album released under the pseudonym Maggie Pie & The Impostors. To accompany the album's release, a video compilation entitled The Story So Far, containing videos for singles from both High on the Happy Side and Holding Back the River, was made available on 24 March 1992.
Track listing
Cloak & Dagger
Cloak & Dagger is a free album of cover versions released with the deluxe edition High on the Happy Side. Included with the deluxe versions of the CD, Cassette & Vinyl pressings of the album, Cloak & Dagger was recorded and released under the pseudonym Maggie Pie & The Impostors, a fake veteran act from Scotland. Notably, the album cover pictures unofficial band member Graeme Duffin on an album cover for the first time, having only previously appeared in group shots featured in the booklet of the band's second studio album, Holding Back the River.
Tracklisting
Personnel
Marti Pellow – lead vocals, backing vocals
Graeme Clark – bass, double bass, acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Neil Mitchell – piano, keyboards
Tommy Cunningham – drums, percussion, backing vocals
Graeme Duffin – electric and acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Charts
References
1992 albums
Wet Wet Wet albums
Mercury Records albums
Covers albums
Andrew Mangiapane (born April 4, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). He previously played with the Barrie Colts of Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was selected by the Flames in the sixth round, 166th overall, of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Junior
Mangiapane went undrafted in the OHL Priority Draft after the 2012–13 Greater Toronto Hockey League season with Toronto Jr. Canadiens U-18 AAA where he scored 14 goals and 22 assists in 32 games and subsequently signed with the Barrie Colts as a free agent. In his first year with the Ontario Hockey League (OHL)'s Barrie Colts, Mangiapane's outstanding play was rewarded when he was named to the 2013–14 OHL First All-Rookie Team. Despite Mangiapane's success, he would go unranked by NHL Central Scouting Bureau and go undrafted in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. During the 2014–15 season, Mangiapane reached 100 points, scoring 43 goals and 104 points in 68 games played. The following season, he was named an alternate captain for the Colts.
Calgary Flames
On March 23, 2016, Mangiapane was signed to an entry-level contract by the Calgary Flames, the organization which drafted him in the sixth round, 166th overall, in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft. Prior to the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, Mangiapane was listed as the 85th ranked North American skater by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau. Scouts described Mangiapane as an undersized, two-way forward with strong skating, speed, agility and puck protection.
After attending the Flames' training camp ahead of the 2017–18 season, Mangipane was reassigned to the club's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Stockton Heat, to begin the 2017–18 season. Recalled by the Flames, he made his NHL debut on December 31, 2017, in a game against the Chicago Blackhawks. He was reassigned to the Heat on January 15, 2018, after playing seven games with Calgary.
Mangiapane began the 2018–19 season in the AHL for Stockton. On November 30, 2018, he was called up by Calgary after recording 14 points in 13 games with the Heat. Although he was reassigned to the AHL on December 16, he was recalled a few days later after the Flames' Michael Frolík was placed on injured reserve. On January 13, 2019, Mangiapane earned his first NHL point in a 7–1 win over the Arizona Coyotes, assisting on captain Mark Giordano's first-period goal. Mangiapane re-signed with the Calgary Flames with a two-year $4.850 million contract on October 16, 2020, just four days before a scheduled arbitration hearing.
Mangiapane was voted as the most valuable player by the media in the 2021 Men's Ice Hockey World Championships in Latvia. During the tournament, he scored 7 goals and 4 assists in 7 games to help propel Canada to its first World Championship title since 2016. Before Mangiapane arrived, Team Canada had lost all three of its round-robin games, but went 6-0-1 after Mangiapane joined the team.
Personal
Mangiapane is of Italian descent from his father, and Scottish from his mother.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Barrie Colts players
Calgary Flames draft picks
Calgary Flames players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Stockton Heat players
People from Caledon, Ontario
The Congolese Movement for Democracy and Integral Development (; MCDDI) is a liberal political party in the Republic of the Congo, led by Bernard Kolélas until his death in 2009. His son, Guy Brice Parfait Kolélas, has led the party since then until his death in 2021. The MCDDI is an observer party of Liberal International.
History
The party was co-founded by Kolélas and renowned novelist and writer Sony Lab'ou Tansi; its statutes were deposited at the Ministry of the Interior on 3 August 1989. Kolélas was the MCDDI's candidate in the August 1992 presidential election, in which he placed second behind Pascal Lissouba of the Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS).
Didier Sengha, an MCDDI deputy in the National Assembly, left the MCDDI in April 1995 and founded a new party, the Party of Unity, Work and Progress (PUTP), in May 1995. The new party said that the MCDDI had abandoned its principles and that Kolélas controlled the MCDDI in an autocratic manner; Kolélas, in turn, denounced Sengha as a criminal, saying that he was guilty of embezzlement and misappropriating funds.
The MCDDI and the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) of President Denis Sassou Nguesso signed an agreement on April 24, 2007 to form an alliance for the 2007 parliamentary election as well as subsequent local, senatorial, and presidential elections. In the parliamentary election, held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won 11 out of 137 seats in the National Assembly.
At the MCDDI's First Convention, held in Brazzaville on 24–25 May 2008, Guy Brice Parfait Kolélas, a son of Bernard Kolélas, was designated as the Coordinator of the MCDDI National Executive Bureau and National Secretary for Development Strategies. In that capacity, he was considered the second ranking member of the party, after his father. However, his father was by that point an elderly man in apparently declining health (although present, he failed to even give the closing speech at the convention), and thus the son was effectively being designated as the MCDDI's de facto leader. It was also considered evident that he was being positioned to ultimately succeed his father.
Bernard Kolélas died at the age of 76 on 13 November 2009. The MCDDI Executive Bureau met on 23 January 2010 and decided that Guy Brice Parfait Kolélas would serve as Interim President of the MCDDI, in addition to his role as Coordinator of the Executive Bureau, until a party congress could be held. In its previous 20 years of existence under Bernard Kolélas, the MCDDI had never held a congress.
Speaking to MCDDI supporters in June 2014, Kolélas sharply criticized the party's ally, the PCT, for failing to fulfill its promises. He complained that the MCDDI had been promised a variety of posts—"ambassadors, prefects, mayors and many other things"—but that the PCT had not followed through. Nevertheless, he said that he would not terminate the alliance, as it was "signed on the blood of our ancestors".
Guy Brice Parfait Kolélas died on 22 March 2021, at the age of 61, after contracting COVID-19.
References
External links
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 1989
1989 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Liberal parties in Africa
Iceberg C-19 is an iceberg that calved from the Ross Ice Shelf in May 2002 on a fissure scientists had been watching since the 1980s. After that the Ross Ice Shelf returned to the size it was in 1911, when it was mapped by Robert F. Scott's party. It was the second-largest iceberg to calve in the region in a few years (after B-15). It had a surface area larger than 5500 km2.
During 2002 C-19 prevented sea ice from moving out of the southwestern Ross Sea region and this blockage resulted in an unusually high sea ice level during spring and summer, thus provoking a huge reduction in phytoplankton production which is at the base of the food chain.
In summer 2003 C-19 moved northward very rapidly, passed Cape Adare, and broke in two pieces: C-19A and C-19B.
In September 2005, after a two-year stay along the coast of Victoria Land (west of French station Dumont d'Urville) C-19A started drifting northward. In March 2006 its location was in the Pacific Ocean, 200 km west of Balleny Islands.
In 2008, C-19A was renamed Melting Bob by Max Dolan as a result of a contest sponsored by the Hay Festival and the Scott Polar Research Institute. As of May 2008, its surface area was approximately 5141 km2.
See also
List of recorded icebergs by area
References
External links
Huge Antarctic Iceberg Makes a BIG Splash on Sea Life, press release, Goddard Space Flight Center, NASA, 1 October 2003
Antarctic iceberg C19A renamed Melting Bob by Max Dolan, 6, story of how C19A became the first iceberg to be given a proper name, May 31, 2008
C-19
Geography of Antarctica
Valentines is a collection of short stories by Olaf Olafsson.
Synopsis
The twelve stories in Valentines are linked by the months of the year. Each brisk story captures the most candid moments between spouses, family members, and lovers—moments when dangerous feelings surge to the surface and everything changes. A wife realizes her closest confidante is much more than that. A father tries to dress his new lover in the clothing of his late wife. A woman, watching her son and husband from afar, sees something she can never forget.
Critical reception
"Olafsson is an admirably brisk, compelling narrator." - Kirkus Reviews
"...Utterly compelling…Olafsson's Nordic realism a la Bergman holds a ghastly fascination." - Publishers Weekly
"Olafsson ... gives us cleanly written stories, eschewing sentimental for a matter-of fact presentation of the shadowy emotional burdens that always lie between the lines." - Providence Journal
Awards
2006 Icelandic Literary Prize for Fiction
References
External links
Olaf Olafsson's official website
Random House
Icelandic short story collections
2006 short story collections
Pantheon Books books
2.03 (GRAU index serial number 11F35 5K) is the designation of the fifth Soviet/Russian Buran-class orbiter to be produced as part of the Buran programme. It was never officially named.
2.03 was a second series shuttle orbiter, as shown by the '2' in its number. Construction of 2.03 was barely underway when the entire Buran programme was halted in 1993, and as what parts of it had been built were dismantled shortly afterwards. Nothing remained of it by 1995.
See also
Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-105 — Soviet orbital spaceplane
Spaceplane
Spacecraft
References
External links
2.03 orbiter
2.03 current status
Buran-class orbiters
Cancelled Soviet spacecraft
Natarajan Krishnan (6 October 1938 15 September 2020) was an Indian diplomat and negotiator who served as the 5th permanent representative of India to the United Nations from 1967 to 71 and the president of the United Nations Security Council in 1985.
He also headed the Africa Fund as the prime minister's special envoy and also served as dean at Pondicherry University for the department of international studies.
Biography
Prior to joining the Indian Foreign Service on 17 July 1951, he obtained a degree in economics. He also qualified Union Public Service Commission interview and subsequently topped 1951 batch of civil services.
Role in Iran–Iraq War
When the war between Iran and Iraq broke out, the two countries failed to reach to peace deal. Krishnan formulated a peace deal and conducted negotiations, and the two countries agreed to that formulation on October 1984.
References
1938 births
2020 deaths
Permanent Representatives of India to the United Nations
Pondicherry University faculty
Place of birth missing
Poort (Dutch: port) is a Dutch surname that may refer to the following people:
Henk Poort (born 1956), Dutch actor and singer
Jarrod Poort (born 1994), Australian competition swimmer
Joris Poort (born 1983), American businessman and entrepreneur
Sjef Poort (1956–1998), Dutch voice actor
Dutch-language surnames
Toonerville Folks ( The Toonerville Trolley That Meets All the Trains) was a popular newspaper cartoon feature by Fontaine Fox, which ran from 1908 to 1955. It began in 1908 in the Chicago Post, and by 1913, it was syndicated nationally by the Wheeler Syndicate. From the 1930s on, it was distributed by the McNaught Syndicate.
Characters and story
The single-panel gag cartoon (with longer-form comics on Sunday) was a daily look at Toonerville, situated in what are now called the suburbs. Central to the strip was the rickety little trolley called the "Toonerville Trolley that met all the trains", driven in a frenzy by the grizzly old Skipper to meet each commuter train as it arrived in town. A few of the many richly formed characters included Suitcase Simpson, Mickey McGuire, the Powerful Katrinka, the Terrible Tempered Mr. Bang, Aunt Eppie Hogg, Little Woo-Woo Wortle, The Little Scorpions, and "Stinky" Davis.
Origin
Fox described the inspiration for the cartoon series in an article he wrote for The Saturday Evening Post titled "A Queer Way to Make a Living" (February 11, 1928, page six):
After years of gestation, the idea for the Toonerville Trolley was born one day up in Westchester County when my wife and I had left New York City to visit Charlie Voight, the cartoonist, in the Pelhams. At the station, we saw a rattletrap of a streetcar, which had as its crew and skipper a wistful old codger with an Airedale beard. He showed as much concern in the performance of his job as you might expect from Captain Hartley when docking the Leviathan.
Films
Between 1920 and 1922, 17 Toonerville silent film comedy adaptations were scripted by Fox for Philadelphia's Betzwood Film Company. These starred Dan Mason as the Skipper with Wilna Hervey as Katrinka. Only seven of those 17 shorts survive today. Four are preserved in the Betzwood Film Archive at Montgomery County Community College, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania.
Mickey Rooney starred as Mickey McGuire in more than 55 comedy shorts filmed between 1927 and 1936. Rooney (né Joe Yule, Jr.) adopted the professional name Mickey McGuire for a time before finally settling on the last name Rooney.
The first of three Van Beuren Studios Rainbow Parade animated cartoons adapted from the syndicated panels was released by RKO Radio Pictures on January 17, 1936. Some of those became available on laserdisc in 1994 and later, on DVD from Image Entertainment in 1999. Katrinka was animated by Joseph Barbera.
A Toonerville Trolley cartoon, "Lost and Found", was included in Simple Gifts, a Christmas collection of six animated shorts shown on PBS TV in 1977.
Over the years, various Toonerville characters acted as spokesmen for popular products of the day. Skipper, Flem Proddy and Katrinka appeared throughout the decades in advertisements for Drano, Kellogg's cereals and Chef Boyardee foods.
Reprints
Between 1934 and 1940, comic book reprints of the panel appeared in many issues of All-American Comics, Famous Funnies, and Popular Comics. In 1995, the strip was one of 20 included in the Comic Strip Classics series of commemorative United States postage stamps.
In 1972, Herb Galewitz and Don Winslow compiled Fontaine Fox's Toonerville Trolley, a 184-page book of daily panels, for Weathervane Books, an imprint of Charles Scribner's Sons.
Theatrical cartoon shorts
Three Toonerville cartoons were produced by Van Beuren Studios in 1936 as part of the Rainbow Parade series.
In popular usage
"Toonerville Trolley" has been used as a nickname for various specific trolleys in towns and cities across the United States and Canada.
The trolley that took tourists from the nearest town to the Seattle City Light hydroelectric project on the Skagit River in Washington State in the early years of the project (~1920-1938) was called the "Toonerville Trolley".
The 1933 musical revue As Thousands Cheer featured the Toonerville Trolley in a number called 'The Funnies' honoring comic strip characters.
Stephen King had a character in Pet Sematary refer to a drug trip on Tuinals as a ride on the "Toonerville Trolley".
In William Gass' Middle C, the main character lists some of the kinds of people he doesn't like, including "the nutsy fagans and other detrolleyed toonervilles".
Toonerville was mentioned by an onlooker in the Emergency! episode "Parade" in reference to an impromptu rescue with a vintage fire engine.
A Toonerville Trolley toy is shown briefly in Rintaro's segment in the 1987 anime anthology Neo Tokyo.
The powerful Katrinka appeared in Gasoline Alley on November 6, 2015 and helped explain the uproar about Jeff at the Old Comics Home.
1960s rock band The Electric Prunes featured a song called 'The Toonerville Trolley' honoring the comic strip on their self-titled debut album.
From 1977-2018, there was a "Toonerville Trolley" record store in Williamstown, MA.
References
External links
Fontaine Fox mss. at Indiana University
Toonopedia
Strickler, Dave. Syndicated Comic Strips and Artists, 1924–1995: The Complete Index. Cambria, California: Comics Access, 1995.
American comic strips
1908 comics debuts
Gag-a-day comics
Fictional American people
American comics characters
Male characters in comics
Comics characters introduced in 1908
1955 comics endings
American comics adapted into films
Comics adapted into animated series
Fiction about rail transport
Van Beuren Studios
Sy Richardson is an American film and television actor. Also a two-time screenwriter, Richardson wrote the screenplay for the 1993 film Posse.
Early life and education
He was born in Cincinnati and grew up in Chicago. He attended Farragut Career Academy. He served two years in the United States Navy. He received an associate of arts in black history and music from Kennedy–King College in 1972 and received a Bachelor of Science in journalism, specializing in advertising, from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1975.
Career
Richardson made his film debut as the Fairy Godmother, in the 1977 American erotic musical comedy Cinderella. He is perhaps best known as a regular in the films of Alex Cox, having appeared in Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Straight to Hell, Walker, The Winner and Searchers 2.0. He played "Turbo" in the 1990 film Tripwire. He recently had a recurring role as the coroner on the TV series Pushing Daisies. He also appeared in They Live and Colors.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Male actors from Cincinnati
American male film actors
Kennedy–King College alumni
United States Navy sailors
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
African-American male actors
Farragut Career Academy alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
African-American United States Navy personnel
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
This is a timeline of incidents in 1979 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1979
1979
1979
Terr
Conklin House may refer to:
Conklin-Montgomery House, Cambridge City, IN, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Indiana
Nathaniel Conklin House, Babylon, New York, NRHP-listed
Conklin, David Conklin House, Cold Spring Harbor, New York, listed on the NRHP in New York
Conklin Farm, Hounsfield, New York, NRHP-listed
Conklin Mountain House, Olean, New York, NRHP-listed
Conklin House (Chandler, Oklahoma), NRHP-listed
Kalali may refer to:
Places
Kalali, Pakpattan, Kalali village, Pakpattan city, Punjab Pakistan
Kalali, Vadodara, Kalali village, Vadodara city, Gujarat India
Ghukasavan, Armenia
Noraber, Armenia
Kalali, Iran
Kalaleh-ye Sofla, Iran
Other
Kalali people, an indigenous Australian people
Amirteymour Kalali (1895–1988), Iranian politician and noble
Gulo is a genus of mammal.
GULO is the enzyme L-gulonolactone oxidase.
Gulo or GULO may also refer to:
Gul Mohammad Pahalwan, 1990s Uzbek leader known as Gulo
People with the surname
Aleksei Gulo (born 1973), Russian footballer
Gumiel may refer to any of the following four municipalities located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain:
Gumiel de Izán
Gumiel de Mercado
Villalbilla de Gumiel
Villanueva de Gumiel
Thomas Gerard Catena is an American physician who has been practising in Gidel in the Nuba Mountains of Sudan since 2008. On May 28, 2017, he was awarded the second annual Aurora Prize for Awakening Humanity, receiving a $100,000 grant and an additional one million dollars for him to distribute to three humanitarian organizations. He has been likened to the 20th-century medical missionary Albert Schweitzer. The New York Times has published instructions on how to donate to Catena. In 2018, Dr. Catena was appointed Chair of the Aurora Humanitarian Initiative.
Early life and education
Born in Amsterdam, New York as the son of an Italian-American judge, Gene Catena, and his wife Nancy, Catena grew up with six brothers and a sister. His brother Paul is a Catholic priest.
Catena graduated as the salutatorian from Amsterdam High School and later with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from Brown University in 1986. While at Brown, Catena played nose guard on the Brown Bears football team and was a member of the Delta Phi fraternity. In 1987, he spent a year as English teacher in Tokyo. He later received his medical degree from Duke University, on a U.S. Navy scholarship.
Career
During his fourth year at Duke, Catena went on his first mission to Kenya in 1992. After graduating, he completed a one-year internship in internal medicine at the Naval Medical Center San Diego in 1993 and later joined the U.S. Navy. For the next four years, he served as a flight surgeon; in this capacity, he was stationed at the Naval Support Facility Diego Garcia from 1994 to 1995. After his discharge from the Navy in 1997, Catena began a postgraduate residency in family medicine at Union Hospital in Terre Haute, Indiana, while also participating in one-month medical mission trips to Guyana (1997) and Honduras (1998).
When he finished his residency in 1999, Catena decided to continue volunteering with the Catholic Medical Mission Board (CMMB) and spent two and a half years as a missionary doctor at Our Lady of Lourdes Mutomo Hospital in the rural settlement of Mutomo, Kenya. From 2002 until 2007, he worked as a consultant at the private St Mary's Mission Hospital in Nairobi.
Activities in Sudan
With CMMB, Catena volunteered to help the Roman Catholic Diocese of El Obeid establish the Mother of Mercy Hospital in the Nuba Mountains, which was built in 2007 by Bishop Macram Max Gassis and first launched its operations in March 2008. The region has been an area of active conflict since the mid-1980s, with a short period of peace from 2002 until early 2011, and Catena is the only surgeon for the surrounding population of 750,000 people. The hospital's catchment area covers roughly one third of South Kordofan, equivalent in size to the entire country of Austria. Patients frequently travel by foot or hitchhiking for up to a week to reach the Mother of Mercy Hospital. At any one time it has between 300 and 450 in-patients. Patients visit the hospital for ailments varying from fractures, diarrhea, thyroid disease and cancer but also an increasing number of victims of bombing attacks or malnourishment spurred on by the war.
Humanitarian aid is restricted, a ban which Catena defies. Very few NGOs still operate due to the Khartoum government's blockade. Since 2012 aid is not expressly forbidden, but it is in practice impossible as volunteers may not travel into the region. German Emergency Doctors and Samaritan's Purse had a presence as of 2013, but employed no trained medical doctors in the region. Limited by his surroundings, Catena sometimes uses decades-old treatments, and earns $350 a month while being on call 24/7. He engages the local community in the work as nurses and other assistive personnel, including through trainings in Kenya, South Sudan, and Uganda.
The Mother of Mercy Hospital was subject to bombings by Sukhoi Su-24 fighter jets operated by the Sudanese Air Force in May 2014, although at the time no one was injured. In preparation in case of bombings the compound now has a number of foxholes where patients and staff can flee for the duration.
Catena credits his Catholic faith for his work, and says he is inspired by St. Francis of Assisi. He is known by locals as "Dr. Tom" and is widely respected by the population. A local Muslim chief said of Catena, "He's Jesus Christ", owing to Catena constantly healing the sick, helping the lame walk, and making the blind see.
Since 2016, Catena has been serving on the selection committee for the annual Gerson L'Chaim Prize for Outstanding Christian Medical Mission Service. In 2018, he was appointed chair of the Aurora Humanitarian Initiative, a position he holds in addition to his activities in Sudan.
Recognition
2022 – Honorary Doctor of Science degree, Duke University
2020 - Gerson L'Chaim Prize for "outstanding Christian medical missionary service," African Mission Healthcare
2018 – Catholics in Media Associates (CIMA) Social Justice Award
2017 – Aurora Prize for Awakening Humanity; besides receiving a grant in the sum of $100,000, Catena chose the following three organizations to share the prize's $1,000,000 award to continue their work:
African Mission Healthcare Foundation (AMHF), USA
Catholic Medical Mission Board (CMMB), USA
Aktion Canchanabury, Germany
2017 – Honorary Doctorate, Yerevan State Medical University
2016 – Honorary Doctor of Medical Science degree, Brown University
2015 – Time 100
2015 – Gold Medal of the National Football Foundation (NFF)
Personal life
Since May 2016, Catena has been married to his wife Nasima, a nurse. They have a son.
References
American surgeons
Living people
American Roman Catholics
Brown University School of Engineering alumni
Duke University School of Medicine alumni
American expatriates in Kenya
American expatriates in Sudan
1964 births
h2o Wireless is a United States-based prepaid GSM phone and mobile Internet service, utilizing the AT&T GSM 4G LTE network. It is a brand of mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) Locus Telecommunications, a subsidiary of Telrite Holdings, Inc. since 2019. Locus was formerly a subsidiary of KDDI America Corporation, starting in 2010. h2o Wireless is primarily advertised as a non-restrictive phone service for customers to bring or buy unsubsidised / unlocked smartphones, although AT&T contract / locked phones may be accepted as well.
Service Plan
Wireless offers both monthly and pay-as-you-go plans. The Monthly Plans start with the 20 plan, which has 8GB of 3G E data and provides 365 days of service.
Authorized Dealers
Due to only having one office, h2o Wireless sources its services to dealers who work as independent contractors under their own company name. Such sellers are known as “Authorized Dealers”.
See also
Prepaid mobile service operators in the U.S.
References
External links
H2O Wireless website
Mobile virtual network operators
Telecommunication companies established in 2005
Companies based in Bergen County, New Jersey
Mobile phone companies of the United States
Benjamin Brooks Thomas (November 28, 1931 – February 5, 2010) was an American lawyer and executive of Harper & Row. He was the only child of Walter Horstmann Thomas, a Philadelphia Architect, and Ruth Sterling Boomer.
Thomas joined Harper & Row in 1968.
Brooks Thomas married Kiono K (Tucciarone) Thomas on October 7, 2004.
Early career
Thomas graduated from Yale in 1953 and received his law degree from Yale Law School in 1956. Afterwards he served as an intelligence officer on the for the U.S. Navy.
After leaving the Navy, Thomas joined Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts, now known as Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman. After leaving Winthrop, Thomas joined Harper & Row.
Harper & Row
At Harper & Row Thomas served as vice president, CEO, president, and chief executive. During this time, Harper & Row sued The Nation over its publication of President Gerald Ford's memoirs in a case that challenged fair use in copyright law. Harper & Row prevailed before the Supreme Court.
Thomas was president of the Association of American Publishers (as well as Harper & Row) in 1983 when that group voted to fund a revamped version of American Book Awards, ending a four-year experiment on the Academy Awards model. For 1984 the number of awards was cut from 27 to three.
Later life and death
After leaving Harper & Row, Thomas devoted himself to several charities. These included Outward Bound, the educational organization that promotes self-discovery in the outdoors. He became a trustee of Outward Bound USA in 1980, serving as its chairman from 1984 to 1987. He was a trustee of Outward Bound International from 1997 to 2003, and in 2000 he became a trustee of Outward Bound's Expeditionary Learning Schools. Thomas was also involved with Young Audiences, a national organization that provides arts programs to schools. Additionally, Thomas was chairman of the Vail Valley Institute, which holds seminars on public issues.
Brooks Thomas died in San Diego from complications of a brain injury after a fall that he had suffered several weeks earlier. At the time, he was on his way to San Francisco to attend an Outward Bound board meeting.
References
1931 births
2010 deaths
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in California
Yale Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Kamchatka is the debut album of Swedish Kamchatka, a 14-track album containing 3 covers: "I Love Everybody" originally written by Johnny Winter, Auto Modown and Spacegirl Blues by Gerald V Casale. The album was recorded by Nicholas Elgstrand and Kamchatka, mixed by Nicholas Elgstrand and Kamchatka at Shrimpmonkey studios and mastered by Bullen and Kamchatka at Mega Studios.
Track listing
"Out Of My Way" (Andersson, Strandvik)
"Seed" (Öjersson, Andersson)
"No" (Öjersson)
"Mnemosyne Waltz" (Öjersson, Andersson)
"Mixed Emotions" (Andersson)
"Wrong End..." (Öjersson, Andersson, Strandvik)
"Eggshell" (Öjersson)
"I Love Everybody" (Johnny Winter)
"Auto Mowdown" (Gerald V Casale)
"Spacegirl Blues" (Gerald V Casale)
"Sing Along Song" (Öjersson)
"Incognito" (Andersson, Strandvik, Öjersson, Elgstrand)
"Daddy Says" (Öjersson)
"Squirm" (Öjersson, Andersson, Strandvik)(includes bonus track)
Credits
Band
Thomas "Juneor" Andersson - guitar & lead vocals
Roger Öjersson - bass & lead vocals
Tobias Strandvik - drums
Personnel
Nicolas Elgstrand - producer
Joe Romagnola - executive producer
Jennelie Andersson - band photos
Hippograffix - cover art layout & design (also Armageddon - Three amongst others)
External links
Review excerpts from Grooveyard records
References
2007 albums
Kamchatka (band) albums
Sikh titles are honorifics appended to the names of members of the Sikh community. Their form may be prefixes or suffixes to names, or the title may be used alone, in place of the name. They may denote social status or relationship, occupational field, or religious standing. When used as a form of address, they are often intended to convey respect.
List of titles and honorifics
Unisex
Sri
Shri
Men
Bhai
Bhai Sahab
Choudhary
Dakoo or Daaku, 'dacoit'; for example: Daaku Man Singh
Das, a surname regularly encountered among Sikhs, which has also been applied as a title, signifying "devotee" or "votary" (in the context of religion); also, Dasa
Gyani or Giani
Jathedar, 'Captain', 'leader'
Halwai, 'chef'
Haqeem or Ḥakīm, 'doctor'
Kunwar
Maharaja
Ragi
Raja
Rai
Rana
Rao
Sardar, 'Mr'
Sahib
Singh
Swargwasi, 'deceased [male]' ('late' in English)
Thakur
Ustad, 'Master' (teacher)
Yuvraj
Zamindar
Women
Bibi, 'Miss'
Bhehen ji
Kaur
Maharani
Masterani, teacher
Rani
Saheb
Sardarni, 'Mrs'
Swargwasi 'deceased [female]' ('late' in English)
Thakurani
Use for historical or religious figures
Bhagat 'holy person': Bhagat Puran Singh
Bhai, 'brother': Bhai Gurdas, Bhai Santokh (Suraj Parkash)
Guru 'revered teacher (of a disciple)': Sikh Gurus
Gyani, Giani 'philosopher': Giani Sant Singh Maskeen
Sant, 'enlightened' or 'holy': Sant Fateh Singh
Shaheed, 'martyr': Baba Deep Singh, Bhagat Singh
See also
Indian honorifics
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20080726175721/http://sgpc.net/glossary/Jathedar.asp
http://www.maskeensahib.com/
Sikh terminology
Titles in India
The Riverside Hangar is a historic hangar complex at the St. Paul Downtown Airport in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. It comprises two parallel hangars with a connecting structure and some additions. Built on the bank of the Mississippi River in 1942, it was part of a bomber modification center that operated at the airport during World War II. The two hangar buildings were constructed with glued laminated timber arches, an innovation born of wartime steel shortages. Their important design features were their low cost and that they were erectable quickly by unskilled workers. Riverside Hangar was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its state-level significance in the theme of engineering. It was nominated for being one of Minnesota's leading examples of glued laminated timber construction.
Description
The two parallel hangars are both long, wide, and high. They are apart, with a wooden structure between them.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ramsey County, Minnesota
References
1942 establishments in Minnesota
Aircraft hangars in the United States
Aircraft hangars on the National Register of Historic Places
Buildings and structures in Saint Paul, Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Transport infrastructure completed in 1942
Transportation buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
United States home front during World War II
World War II on the National Register of Historic Places
The 1455 papal conclave (April 4–8) elected Cardinal Alfons Borja Pope Callixtus III following the death of Pope Nicholas V. The conclave was the first in the Apostolic Palace, the site of all but five papal conclaves thereafter. The conclave was also the first to feature accessus voting (votes cast in accessit), derived from a practice of the Roman Senate, where a cardinal could change their vote after an unsuccessful scrutiny to any cardinal already receiving votes.
The early defeat of Greek Cardinal Basilios Bessarion—a potential compromise candidate between the Colonna and Orsini factions—is a notable display of the lingering antipathy towards certain characteristics of the Eastern church, such as bearded priests, centuries after the East-West Schism. Although Western canon law had prohibited beards for priests since at least the eleventh century, the issue would continue to be debated well into the sixteenth century.
The election
The two main factions of the cardinals were divided between the followers of Prospero Colonna and Latino Orsini; among the papabile were Barbo, Trevisan, Capranica, Orsini, and Bessarion. Capranica received a plurality on the first three scrutinies, with the other votes scattered; Orsini and the French cardinals rallied against Capranica because he was close to Colonna.
On April 6, Easter Sunday, the factions began to consider neutral candidates. In this capacity, Basilios Bessarion (noted for defecting from the Eastern Church following the East–West Schism) was able to receive eight votes, before his candidacy was scuttled following a speech by Alain de Coëtivy—recorded by eyewitnesses—which emphasized Bessarion's former membership in the Eastern Orthodox Church and his retention of Greek mannerisms, such as a full beard. The French cardinal is reported to have remarked:
Bessarion made no attempt to defend himself, claiming he was not interested in being elected; his reputations for reform and austerity also would have been unpopular with many of the Renaissance cardinals. Nevertheless, the renowned humanist scholar remained a strong candidate in the following 1464 conclaves as well.
It is known that the early scrutinies the following Monday were disorganized; for example, non-cardinal Antonio de Montefalcone received at least one vote. de Coëtivy and Trevisan pushed for Borja's election, gaining momentum until Borja prevailed the following Tuesday. The core of the requisite two-thirds majority was likely composed of the French, Spanish, and Venetian cardinals: Trevisan, de Coëtivy, Barbo, Orsini, d'Estaing, de Carvajal, de La Cerda, Rolin, and Torquemada; the vote of Isidore or Calandrini, or both, likely was also required as Borja very likely did not vote for himself; Borja almost certainly did not receive the votes of Colonna, Capranica, or Bessarion.
Cardinal electors
Absentee cardinals
Notes
1455
15th-century elections
1455
15th-century Catholicism
Pope Callixtus III
The Polish Journal of Chemistry was a peer-reviewed scientific journal on chemistry and the official journal of the Polish Chemical Society. The journal covered all fields of pure chemistry (physical, theoretical, inorganic, organic and bioorganic) as well as medicinal, macromolecular and supramolecular chemistry, and molecular modelling. It was established in 1921 under the title Roczniki Chemii () and obtained its later title in 1978. The last editor-in-chief was Z. Galus (University of Warsaw).
The December 2009 issue was the last to be published since the Polish Chemical Society joined the ChemPubSoc Europe consortium to become one of the founders of the European Journal of Inorganic Chemistry and the European Journal of Organic Chemistry.
External links
Homepage of the Polish Chemical Society
Chemistry journals
Publications established in 1921
Publications disestablished in 2009
Polish-language journals
English-language journals
Monthly journals
The Battle of Xinfeng was an offensive during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Battle
On 1 July 1938, Chinese troops of the 1st Battalion, 2nd Regiment of the 1st Detachment of the New Fourth Army launched a surprise assault on the Japanese troops stationed at the Xinfeng Railway Station. This was the first battle that the Fourth Army fought at night, as the assault was launched at 11 pm. The unit then set the railway station on fire and killed more than 30 soldiers that were in houses at the time.
During the battle the train station was burned to the ground and the army forces managed to capture six rifles with bayonets. After the battle, the Chinese unit met with local resistance fighters and managed to destroy a section of the railway and tens of telephone stations.
References
Battles of the Second Sino-Japanese War
1938 in China
1938 in Japan
Night battles
July 1938 events
Antoine Batisse (born 13 January 1995) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Pau FC. He has previously played for Chamois Niortais and Boulogne.
Career
Batisse was born in Versailles, a suburb of Paris, but grew up in the west of France. He joined Niort as a youngster in 2009, having previously played for nearby La Rochelle. He graduated through the club's youth system and was awarded his first professional contract ahead of the 2014–15 season. Batisse made his debut for Niort in the 2–1 home win over Angers on 26 September 2014, playing the entire match. The midfielder was also involved in the side's run to the last 32 of the Coupe de France that season, featuring in victories against Chauvigny and Genêts Anglet.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Versailles, Yvelines
French footballers
Association football midfielders
Chamois Niortais F.C. players
US Boulogne players
Pau FC players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Footballers from Yvelines
Sportspeople from Charente-Maritime
Footballers from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
The striated softtail (Thripophaga macroura) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is endemic to eastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
striated softtail
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
striated softtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Assembly Rooms in Presteigne (), formerly Presteigne Town Hall (), is a municipal building in Broad Street, Presteigne, Powys, Wales. The structure, which accommodates a public library on the ground floor and as an arts centre on the first floor, is a Grade II listed building.
History
In the early 1860s, a group of local businessmen led by the local member of parliament, Sir Richard Green-Price, whose seat was at Norton Manor, decided to form a company known as the "Presteigne Market Hall & Public Room Company" to finance and erect a new municipal building for the town: the site they selected in Broad Street had been occupied by the local post office and, before that, by the Black Lion Inn.
The foundation stone for the new building was laid by Lady Mary Jones-Brydges on 23 October 1863. It was designed by Thomas Nicholson of Hereford in the Italianate style, built in red brick with stone finishings and the market hall was officially opened to the public on 1 November 1865. The design involved an asymmetrical main frontage with four bays facing onto Broad Street; the left hand bay, which slightly projected forward, took the form of a three-stage clock tower with a doorway with a moulded segmental architrave in the first stage, a lancet window in the second stage and clock faces with ornamental stone surrounds in the third stage, all surmounted by a pyramid-shaped roof and a weather vane. The other three bays contained openings with voussoirs on the ground floor and round headed windows with voussoirs on the first floor. There were three bays finished in a similar style in Hereford Street and, at roof level, there was a wide cornice supported by brackets. Internally, the principal rooms were the market hall on the ground floor and the assembly rooms on the first floor.
In the early years of the life of the building, the assembly rooms were used for petty session hearings and the building was referred to as the "Town Hall". However, the company which had developed the building got into financial difficulty from an early stage and, in 1882, ownership passed to Elizabeth Abley who, as the principal lender, held a mortgage over the building. Following significant population growth, largely associated with the status of Presteigne as a market town, the area became an urban district in 1894. The new urban district council acquired the building in 1903 and used the assembly rooms as council offices and, following a decline in use of the market, converted the former market hall for storage of the local horse-drawn fire engine.
A cinema operated on the first floor of the building from 1934 until it closed in 1966. The building subsequently accommodated a furniture shop and then, after a period of disuse, Mid Border Arts, which had been established in the Shire Hall in 1988, moved into the assembly rooms in 1992. An extensive programme of refurbishment works costing £95,000, carried out with financial support from the Arts Council of Wales, was completed in 1995. The works included fitting out the ground floor for use as a public library and the first floor for use as an arts centre.
Notes
References
Grade II listed buildings in Powys
Government buildings completed in 1865
City and town halls in Wales
Presteigne
Liangshanella is a genus of Cambrian bradoriid known from the Chengjiang biota and Burgess Shale. 6263 specimens of Liangshanella are known from the Greater Phyllopod bed, where they comprise 11.9% of the community.
See also
Cambrian explosion
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
External links
Burgess Shale fossils
Cambrian arthropods
Maotianshan shales fossils
Cambrian genus extinctions
A bronze statue of Henry Havelock by the sculptor William Behnes, stands in Trafalgar Square in London, United Kingdom. It occupies one of the four plinths in Trafalgar Square, the one to the southeast of Nelson's Column.
Description and history
The bronze statue depicts Major General Sir Henry Havelock KCB as a standing figure in military uniform, with a cloak. Havelock was born in 1795 and died in 1857. He served in the First Anglo-Burmese War in the 1820s and the First Anglo-Afghan War in the 1840s. He recaptured Cawnpore and Lucknow during the Indian Mutiny in 1857, shortly before he died of dysentery.
The statue was reputedly one of the first statues to be made from a photograph. It was erected by public subscription in 1861, on a granite plinth, matching the statue of General Charles James Napier erected to the west in 1855–1856. A copy in Mowbray Park in Sunderland was also erected by public subscription and unveiled in 1861.
In 1936, it was suggested that the statues of Generals Havelock and Napier in Trafalgar Square should be replaced by statues of Admirals Beatty and Jellicoe, the naval commanders at the Battle of Jutland in 1916, but a place was eventually found for bronze busts of the Edwardian admirals (and later for Admiral Cunningham) against the north wall of the square, without removing the statues of the Victorian generals from their plinths.
The monument became a Grade II listed building in 1970. Trafalgar Square is itself Grade I listed.
In 2000, the Mayor of London Ken Livingstone suggested that the statues of Havelock and General Charles James Napier should be removed from Trafalgar Square, because he had no idea who they were.
References
External links
Trafalgar Square: statue of General Sir Henry Havelock., The National Archives
Havelock Memorial Fund. (pg. 304), A biographical sketch of Sir Henry Havelock by William Brock (1858)
Major General Sir Henry Havelock, The Victorian Web
Havelock, Henry
Monuments and memorials in London
Outdoor sculptures in London
Havelock, Henry
Trafalgar Square
Mac the Moose is a steel and concrete sculpture of a moose in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. It is on the grounds of Moose Jaw's visitors' center, on the corner of E Thatcher Drive and the Trans-Canada Highway. It is claimed to be the world's largest moose at tall and a weight of approximately .
History
Mac the Moose was built in 1984 by Saskatoon artist Don Foulds with the goal of attracting visitors to the city. The construction process involved a steel frame covered with metal mesh and four coats of cement. A contest was held to name the moose, with the name "Mac" being chosen after Les MacKenzie. The giant moose was one of the city's first tourist attractions. The project was completed in May 1984.
In 2004, Mac was moved using a flatbed truck and is now just off of the Trans-Canada highway next to the Moose Jaw visitors' center. Although Mac has been vandalized many times (once being painted blue and other physical damage was done, including losing his jaw), he still stands, although surrounded by a fence in 2009. In 2013, Mac was honoured by the Moose Jaw Times Herald as Moose Jaw's Best Celebrity.
Rivalry
After 31 years of holding the title of the world's largest moose, in 2015 Mac the Moose was surpassed by another moose statue in Stor-Elvdal, Norway, called The Big Elk (moose (Alces alces) are often called elk in Europe). The Big Elk stood about taller. In an interview with Global News on the subject, Moose Jaw's mayor Deb Higgins wasn't bothered, stating that "I think we've won the battle, first and foremost that Mac's reputation has spread to Norway and beyond." Subsequently, Mac the Moose was billed as North America's largest moose, with Tourism Moose Jaw referring to it as the "World's Second Largest Moose".
In January 2019, two Canadian comedians urged Moose Jaw residents to add to Macs height (likely by extending his antlers or giving him a helmet), so that the moose statue would once again win the title of the world's largest moose. The Norwegians responded and have stated that they will not give up the world record without a fight. News outlets from all over the globe have mentioned the contest.
The Canadians do have one edge over Norway—their moose was built by Canadians in the country where it resides, making it essentially a 'native' moose; the Norway statue instead, while being conceived by Norwegian artist Linda Bakke, was erected in China and imported largely as a cost-saving measure.
In October 2019, Mac reclaimed the title of the world's tallest moose when a new set of antlers was installed, raising its height to .
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090228185615/http://www.saskschools.ca/~gregory/sask/mac.html
http://www.roadsideattractions.ca/mjmoose.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20081121141539/http://tourism.sasktelwebhosting.com/mac.php
https://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/prisen-pa-ny-20-meter-hoy-elg-i-gull-er-klar/70686330
Buildings and structures in Moose Jaw
Roadside attractions in Canada
1984 sculptures
Concrete sculptures in Canada
Animal sculptures in Canada
Vandalized works of art in Canada
Deer in art
Hyphalus wisei is a species of intertidal beetle endemic to New Zealand.
Description
The adult beetle is 1.1 - 1.2 mm long and has a black body with pale coloured setae that give the insect a grey appearance. The larvae of this beetle are 2 mm long and are coloured pale to dark brown. Both the adult beetle and its larva are very similar in appearance to the species Hyphalus insularis.
Distribution
This species has been found in Rodney County near Te Hāwere-a-Maki / Goat Island. This species has also been found on Cuvier Island.
References
External links
New Zealand Organisms Register entry for Hyphalus wisei
Beetles of New Zealand
Beetles described in 1973
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Anstis is a surname that may refer to:
John Anstis (1669–1744), English officer of arms and antiquarian
John Anstis, younger (1708–1754), Officer of arms at the College of Arms in London
Marion Anstis, Australian herpetologist
Stuart Anstis, guitarist and songwriter, former member of Cradle of Filth
Thomas Anstis (died 1723), 18th-century pirate
Toby Anstis (born 1968), British radio presenter
See also
Anstice (disambiguation)
Anstiss
Under the Window: Pictures & Rhymes for Children (London, 1879) was Kate Greenaway's first children's picture book, composed of her own verses and illustrations. Selling over 100,000 copies, the toy book was a commercial success, helped launch Greenaway's career as a children's book illustrator and author in the late 19th century as well as starting what became known as the "Greenaway vogue".
Although Greenaway illustrated over 150 books, Under the Window and Marigold Garden (1885) were the only two books that she both wrote and illustrated. Under the Window is considered to be one of the first earliest examples of a designer picture book, and its popularity caused it to be imitated, the most blatant of which was the edition Frederick Warne published within weeks of its release.
Background
In the late 1870s, Greenaway—who had been illustrating greeting cards—persuaded her father, who was also in the engraving business, to show Edmund Evans her manuscript, Under the Window. Evans explains: "I was at once fascinated by the originality of the drawings and the ideas of the verse, so I at once purchased them." Evans considered Greenaway's illustrations to be commercially appealing and encouraged Routledge to publish the book. Of Greenaway's first collection of illustrations and verse, Evans writes:
After I had engraved the blocks and colour blocks, I printed the first edition of 20,000 copies, and was ridiculed by the publishers for risking such a large edition of a six-shilling book; but the edition sold before I could reprint another edition; in the meantime copies were sold at a premium. Reprinting kept on till 70,000 was reached.
Contents
Under the Window: Pictures and Rhymes for Children consists of rhymes and traditional nursery rhymes. Greenaway wrote her own verse for the book. In Under the Window, Greenaway presented drawings of children dressed in styles based on the fashions of the turn-of-the-century. This appealed to the sensibilities of the time, since the children's clothing appeared sweetly old-fashioned to Greenaway's contemporaries, the more sophisticated of whom were involved in the Artistic Dress movement of the era. Her books were so popular that the clothing the children in them wore came back into fashion.
The book reflected the influence of the Arts and Crafts Movement with its aesthetic motifs described as "quaint fancies of olden times, soft refined colouring, and humour suggested rather than strongly expressed" Each of the pages is framed with a border, creating a detached, static effect, "as if the reader were observing the scene". The colouring is pale with gently modulated tints "favored by the Aesthetes", mainly soft yellows and greens. Other fashionable motifs illustrated in the book are sunflowers, blue and white china, and Queen Anne Style architecture. Also evident within the book is the influence of Japanese woodblocks with their definite block outline, flat, delicate colours, and use of white space.
The emphasis is placed largely on the illustrations which are accompanied by verse. The images reflect the English countryside, childhood fantasies, and adult parodies.
Publication history
Under the Window appeared in stores in October 1879, in time for Christmas. Edmund Evans recalled how:
George Routledge "chaffed" me considerably for printing 20,000 first editions of a book to sell at six shillings, but we soon found out that we had not printed nearly enough to supply the first demand: I know booksellers sold copies at a premium getting 10 shillings each for them: it was of course, long out of print, for I could not print fast enough to keep up the sale.
A further 70,000 copies were printed and sold in England, with separate editions for America and other European countries.
The book was published in 1879; Edmund Evans produced 100,000 copies of Under the Window (including French and German editions) which helped launch Greenaway's career as an author and illustrator of children's books.
Under the Window was followed by The Birthday Book (1880), Mother Goose (1881), Little Ann (1883), and other children's books which became enormously successful. Despite the fact that the Greenaway's books were considered toy books, they created a revolution in children's book illustration and were praised by John Ruskin, Ernest Chesneau, Arsène Alexandre in France, Richard Muther in Germany, and other leading art critics throughout the world.
Imitation
Within weeks of publication of Under the Window, several imitations appeared, frustrating Greenaway. Most notable of them was a children's book called Afternoon Tea: a book of new rhymes for children by John G. Sowerby and Henry Hetherington Emmerson published by the rival firm Frederick Warne which Greenaway regarded as a "blatant piracy." Edmund Evans too shared Greenaway's frustration, writing in his Reminiscences:
Immediately this novelty in style was imitated by several artists who ought to have known better: some actually copied parts of the figures from Under the Window and took the head of one to add to the figure of another, thinking not to be found out. One fairly well-known artist from the North of England wanted me to buy a copy of a book he had drawn, painted, and I believe written the verses, calling the book Afternoon Tea. Of course I could have nothing to do with such a bare faced copy of K.G.'s book. It was, of course, bought and published by another firm of publishers and soon got classed as "Kate Greenaway Books" which flooded the bookseller's shop for years to follow.Lundin, p. 48
Greenaway's friends considered Afternoon Tea to be a crude exploitation and urged legal action. Greenaway's biographer Rodney Engen described Afternoon Tea as an objectionable "pastiche" of Greenaway's style, with "shocking alterations", such as a boy furtively smoking a pipe and a darkened graveyard, in shades that Greenaway would never use. Frederick Locker denounced the book as "a shameful imitation of your manner, which if it goes on will tend to disgust the brutal British public and therefore injure you."
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Under the Window, Project Gutenberg
Under the Window, Illuminated books
1879 children's books
1879 poetry books
British children's books
British picture books
Children's poetry books
Collections of nursery rhymes
English poetry collections
Routledge books
State Highway 10 (West Bengal) is a state highway in West Bengal, India.
Route
SH 10 originates from Malda Town and passes through Manikchak, Ratua, Samsi, Gazole Town, Madnahar, Buniadpur, Gangarampur, Patiram, Balurghat and Chapahat and terminates at Hili.
The total length of SH 10 is 173 km.
Road sections
It is divided into different sections as follows:
See also
List of state highways in West Bengal
References
State Highways in West Bengal
Transport in Maldah
Lévai, Levai, Levaï, Lévay or Levay is a Hungarian Jewish surname, originating from the Israelite surnames Levi and Levy.
It may refer to:
István Lévai (boxer) (born 1957), Hungarian boxer
Ivan Levaï (born 1937), Hungarian-French journalist
Katalin Lévai (born 1954), Hungarian politician
Nick Levay (1977–2021), American computer security expert
Simon LeVay (born 1943), British-American neuroscientist
Sylvester Levay (born 1945), Hungarian composer
Vivien Lévai (born 1992), Hungarian volleyball player
Anikó Lévai (born 1963), wife of Hungarian Prime Minister
Mag. Laurin Levai (born 1983), Ante Portas / Sozialarbeiter
History
The surname Lévai is a Jewish surname, which was created by the modification of the original Jewish name of Levi (surname) or Levy (surname). The name's bearers today are of Jewish Descent. During World War II, the time of The Holocaust, the name Lévai/Lévay was a name very much preferred by the Hungarian Jewish population to change their names to – in order to try to evade persecution.
See also
Lévay József Református Gimnázium és Diákotthon, a school in Hungary
References
Hungarian-language surnames
Levite surnames
Jews and Judaism in Hungary
The Ragwitch is a young adult horror/fantasy novel by Garth Nix. The book was first published in 1990 by Pan Macmillan. It was again published in 1995 by Tor Books and first published in Great Britain in 2005 by HarperCollins.
Summary
Julia and her brother, Paul, are spending a day by the beach when they discover a midden. They climb to the top, where Julia discovers a rag doll in a ball of feathers hidden in a nest. It turns out to be a powerful and evil witch, and it possesses Julia and spirits her away through a pyramid of fire. Paul manages to follow them and he finds himself in a strange country desperately unprepared for the return of the Ragwitch. At first, he meets the May Dancers, who after questioning him, lead him to the edge of the forest and set him free. The people of the land aid him as he searches for a way to free his sister, action following at every turn, as both Paul and Julia battle the Ragwitch; Julia from within Her, and Paul from outside. Paul collects several mystical objects from the powerful Elementals, before meeting with the Patchwork King, who forges for him a needle spear in order to kill the Ragwitch. There are no strong fighters to help Paul, no saviors for him and he must find his own way. Because Paul is no hero, his war is one of bravery and brains, not brawn. Julia tells her own story from the mind of the Ragwitch. Although she is much more courageous than Paul, her war is one of the mind, resisting the power of the Ragwitch from within the witch's body.
Characters
Julia: "[S]trong-willed" Julia is Paul's sister. She is ensnared by the Ragwitch in the opening chapter.
Paul: The protagonist of the novel. Paul is Julia's brother.
References
1990 novels
Australian fantasy novels
Horror novels
Children's fantasy novels
Australian children's novels
Novels by Garth Nix
1990 fantasy novels
Tor Books books
1990 children's books
Ja sam iz Krajine, zemlje kestena () is a 2013 Bosnian film directed by Jasmin Duraković. The script for the film is based on screenwriter Mirsad Ćatić's unpublished novel Krvavi zalogaj (Bloody Bite).
Cast
Edhem Husić as Omer
Vanessa Glodjo as Dunja
Mirsad Tuka as Zlatan
Nikolina Jelisavac as Jasna
Emina Muftić as Ajka
Amra Silajdžić as young Ajka
Muharem Osmić as Jusuf
Zijah Bajrić as Agent
Armin Ćatić as Zlatan's father
Reshad Strik
Release
The film had its premiere in Bihać on 1 July 2013. It was shown in Sarajevo on 4 July, Tuzla 5 July, and in Bugojno on 7 July 2013.
References
External links
2013 films
2010s war films
Bosnia and Herzegovina war drama films
Bosnian-language films
Bosnian War films
The Michigan–Michigan State basketball rivalry is a college basketball rivalry between Michigan Wolverines men's basketball and Michigan State Spartans men's basketball that is part of the larger intrastate rivalry between the University of Michigan and Michigan State University that exists across a broad spectrum of endeavors including their general athletic programs: Michigan Wolverines and Michigan State Spartans. On the field, the athletic rivalry includes the Paul Bunyan Trophy and the Michigan–Michigan State ice hockey rivalry, but extends to almost all sports and many other forms of achievement. Both teams are members of the Big Ten Conference.
The rivalry has been evidenced both on the court and off the court. Among the off the court elements of the rivalry, recruiting of basketball talent has resulted in battles, the most notable of which turned into the University of Michigan basketball scandal, the investigation of which began when both schools sought the services of Mateen Cleaves. Michigan leads the all-time series; however, Michigan State leads the series since joining the Big Ten in 1950.
Series history
Michigan currently leads the series, which began on January 9, 1909. However, Michigan State currently leads the series since joining the Big Ten in 1950. As a result of the Big Ten moving to 11 teams with the addition of Penn State, teams were not guaranteed two games against each other. Accordingly, the schools chose to play one game that did not count as a conference game in 1997. When the Big Ten went to a 20-game conference schedule in 2018–19, the conference announced that the teams would always play each other twice in each season.
A 1996 rollover accident during Michigan's recruitment of Mateen Cleaves led to a long investigation surrounding the University of Michigan basketball scandal. Cleaves eventually matriculated at Michigan State.
Despite the intense rivalry for basketball recruits and resources and the intensity of the rivalry in other sports, the rivalry had not been intense (as measured by rankings) on the basketball court until the 2010s when the teams met 7 times in a row as ranked opponents.
On February 12, 2013, for the first time in the series' 170-game history, dating back to 1909, the teams met while both were ranked in the Top 10. The Spartans (20–4, 9–2 Big Ten) were ranked No. 8 in both the AP Top 25 Poll and USA Today Coaches Poll, while the Wolverines (21–3, 8–3 Big Ten) came in ranked No. 4 in the AP poll and No. 5 in the coaches poll. Michigan State won the game at the Breslin Center, 75–52. The following month, both teams were once again ranked in the Top 10, this time Michigan was on the winning end of a game played at the Crisler Center, by a score of 58–57.
Indiana Mr. Basketball for 2012, Gary Harris, and 2013 Indiana Mr. Basketball Zak Irvin were teammates at Hamilton Southeastern High School, but Irvin signed with Michigan after Harris had joined Michigan State. The two were best friends from third grade through high school and even wagered on the January 17, 2012 game in high school after the two had committed to different basketball programs, with Harris having to wear Maize and Blue for a day as a result.
At the time of the first 2013–14 Big Ten season matchup of the teams, Sporting News Bill Bender felt the rivalry was the best in the Big Ten largely due to the teams' excellence in the prior three seasons. With Michigan State riding an 11-game winning streak, including seven in conference, and Michigan riding an eight-game winning streak, including six in conference, the January 25 game marked the first time in Big Ten history that two teams have met when both teams were 6–0 or better in conference play. (#21/#25T) Michigan defeated the (#3/#3) Spartans 80–75. It was the first time Michigan ever defeated three consecutive AP Poll top ten opponents and marked the first time since the 1986–87 Iowa Hawkeyes that any team has won three consecutive games against top 10 opponents. It also gave the team consecutive road wins against top five opponents after a 36-game losing streak against them. Michigan's 7–0 Big Ten start was their best since the 1976–77 team won its first eight games.
Both teams advanced to the championship game of the 2014 Big Ten Conference Tournament, marking the first time they have faced each other in any postseason tournament, and the first time they played three games against each other in one season. Michigan State won by a score of 69–55 securing the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. For the first rivalry contest of the 2014–15 Big Ten season, Michigan alum Nik Stauskas and Michigan State alum Draymond Green, the 2014 and 2012 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Players of the Year, respectively, had a highly publicized Twitter war of words and bet on the game.
On February 12, 2013, freshman Mitch McGary made his first career start in an NCAA game for the Wolverines against the Spartans, which featured Adreian Payne in the starting lineup. After Payne (15th) and McGary (21st) were both selected in the first round of the 2014 NBA Draft, McGary made his first NBA start on March 13, 2015 for the 2014–15 Oklahoma City Thunder, with Payne in the starting lineup for the 2014–15 Minnesota Timberwolves as the opposing power forward.
The incoming class for the 2017–18 Big Ten season included high school teammates Jordan Poole and Jaren Jackson Jr. who joined Michigan and Michigan State respectively after teaming up to win the 2017 Dicks National High School Championship.
The 2018 Mr. Basketball of Michigan finalist lineup was composed entirely of Big Ten conference recruits, including two players for Michigan and two for Michigan State. Michigan State's Foster Loyer (3,691 points) won, while Michigan's Brandon Johns (2,792) and David DeJulius (2,542) finished second and third, respectively. Marcus Bingham, an MSU recruit, was the fourth player set to attend one of the rivals.
In 2019, MSU defeated the Wolverines three times, going a perfect 3–0. The second game between the two teams marked the final regular season game and decided who would share the conference championship with Purdue. Michigan State prevailed over Michigan to sweep the regular season series. In the final meeting between the team, this time in the Big Ten Tournament championship, Michigan State defeated Michigan for the third time on the season. In each of the schools three meetings in 2019, each school was ranked in the top 10 of the AP Poll.
Another element of the rivalry is that Michigan (1964, 1992*, 1993* and 2018) and Michigan State (1999 and 2001) are the only two schools to have had both their hockey team and basketball team qualify for the final four of the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship and NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament in the same season.
Accomplishments by the two rivals
The following summarizes the accomplishments of the two programs.
Due to violations from the University of Michigan basketball scandal, Michigan was forced to vacate 113 victories, including seven against Michigan State, as well as four NCAA Tournament appearances, two Final Four appearances, one NIT Championship and one Big Ten tournament title. See Wikipedia:WikiProject College football/Vacated victories for further details for how vacated games are recorded.
Through July 29, 2020
Game results
Games with both teams ranked
(Rankings are from AP Poll)
Game Results
References
College basketball rivalries in the United States
Big Ten Conference rivalries
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball
Michigan State Spartans men's basketball
1909 establishments in Michigan
The HŽ Series 2062 is a class of diesel-electric locomotives belonging to Croatian Railways (). They are examples of the EMD G26 locomotive series.
Prior to the breakup of Yugoslavia, when in use with JŽ these locos were classified as JŽ 664-0. Of the original 64 JŽ locomotives, 56 found their way to HŽ, with the remainder in use with ŽS.
HŽ have modernised 20 class 2062s, reclassifying them as 2062-1s. The work was carried out by Gredelj & Turner.
The main usage for 2062s is in Lika, Dalmatia, Istria with a few in Slavonia. The -1 subclass is used only on Lika-Dalmatia services.
References
External links
TEHNIČKE KARAKTERISTIKE VUČNIH VOZILA
MODERNIZATION AND RECONSTRUCTION OF LOCOMOTIVE SERIES 2 062 (G26 CW)
General Motors Diesel locomotives
Co′Co′ locomotives
Co-Co locomotives
664
2062
Railway locomotives introduced in 1972
Đuro Đaković (company)
Gopeng Baru Jamek Mosque () is a community mosque located off Jalan Gopeng (Gopeng Road) in the town of Gopeng, Mukim Teja of the Kinta District, Perak Darul Ridzuan, Malaysia.
Description
It was built to provide larger space for the local Muslims to pray particularly Friday Prayers due to the insufficient of space in the previous Masjid Jamek Gopeng. Furthermore, the convenient location of the mosque and its more proper space planning makes it is the right decision for many to hold religious activities at this mosque instead of the old mosque.
Earlier, there was no minaret built for the mosque. However, a minaret was built to complete the mosque after a very long halt. A cendol kiosk will be around weekly for the Friday Prayers. The only disadvantages of the whole project is the exit point from the compound is excessively narrow and extremely congested during Friday Prayers and there are no proper zebra crossings for people to cross the road. It is dangerous for pedestrians particularly the Gopeng senior folks.
References
Mosques in Perak
Geography of Perak
The mountain wren (Troglodytes solstitialis) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in the Andes of northwestern Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and western Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The mountain wren has at times been considered to include the Santa Marta wren (Troglodytes monticola), ochraceous wren (T. achraceus), rufous-browed wren (T. rufociliatus), and tepui wren (T. rufulus) as subspecies. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC/AOS) considers the five of them to be a superspecies. The mountain wren has five subspecies:
T. s. solitarius Todd (1912)
T. s. solstitialis Sclater (1859)
T. s. macrourus Berlepsch & Stolzmann (1902)
T. s. frater Sharpe (1882)
T. s. auricularis Cabanis (1883)
Description
The mountain wren is long and has a mean weight of . The adult of the nominate subspecies has a rufous brown forehead and crown, a less reddish brown nape, shoulders, back, and rump, and a rufous brown tail with narrow black bars. The folded wings also appear barred. It has a buffy brown supercilium with a darker brown line behind the eye and warm buff cheeks. The throat and chest are also warm buff, the belly a paler buff, the flanks buffy brown with darker bars, and the vent grayish, also with darker bars. The juvenile's supercilium and upperparts are less warm and its underparts dull gray brown with darker speckles.
Subspecies T. s. solitarius differs from the nominate with darker upperparts and cheeks, a paler throat, and less reddish flanks. T. s. macrourus is larger than the nominate and has a longer tail, and the middle of its breast is white. T. s. frater is similar to macrourus but has a whitish supercilium. T. s. auricularis is similar to frater but has a shorter tail and its upperparts are not as reddish.
Distribution and habitat
The subspecies of mountain wren are found thus:
T. s. solitarius, mountains of Colombia (except in the extreme south) and western Venezuela
T. s. solstitialis, extreme southern Colombia through Ecuador into northwestern Peru
T. s. macrourus, eastern slope of the Peruvian Andes from the Department of San Martín south
T. s. frater, extreme southeastern Peru and western Bolivia
T. s. auricularis, northwestern Argentina south to Tucumán Province
The mountain wren inhabits humid montane forest, cloud forest, and their edges up to tree line. It is also sometimes found in bamboo thickets. In elevation it mostly ranges between but is found as low as in Argentina.
Behavior
Feeding
The mountain wren usually forages in pairs or family groups and occasionally joins mixed species foraging flocks. It hunts mostly in low vegetation but also climbs into mossy trees. No analysis of its diet has been published.
Breeding
The mountain wren breeds at almost any time of year in Colombia and Peru and at least between November and February in Bolivia. One of the few nests described was a bulky structure, open topped but with a side entrance, made of root fibers and lined with dry leaves. Clutches of two to five have been noted.
Vocalization
The mountain wren's song is quiet, "a series of high notes, 'treee-treeee-tititiki. Its calls are repetitive dzz' or 'di-di.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the mountain wren as being of The Least Concern. It is "[c]ommon or abundant in suitable habitat in much of its range" and occurs in several protected areas.
References
mountain wren
Birds of the Northern Andes
mountain wren
mountain wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Islamic studies refer to the academic study of Islam, and generally to academic multidisciplinary "studies" programs—programs similar to others that focus on the history, texts and theologies of other religious traditions, such as Eastern Christian Studies or Jewish Studies but also fields such as (environmental studies, Middle East studies, race studies, urban studies, etc.)—where scholars from diverse disciplines (history, culture, literature, art) participate and exchange ideas pertaining to the particular field of study.
Carole Hillenbrand describes Islamic studies as "a discipline that seeks to explain what the Islamic world has achieved in the past and what the future holds for it."
Many academic Islamic Studies programs include the historical study of Islam: Islamic civilization, Islamic history and historiography, Islamic law, Islamic theology and Islamic philosophy. Specialists in Islamic Studies concentrate on the detailed, academic study of texts written in Arabic within the fields of Islamic Theology, Islamic Law, and the Qur'an and Hadith and ancillary disciplines such as Tafsir or Qur'an Exegesis. However, they also often apply the methods adapted from several ancillary fields, ranging from Biblical studies and classical philology to modern history, legal history and sociology.
Overview
Scholars in the field of Islamic studies are often referred to as "Islamicists" and the discipline traditionally made up the bulk of what used to be called Oriental studies. In fact, some of the more traditional Western universities still confer degrees in Arabic and Islamic studies under the primary title of "Oriental studies". This is the case, for example, at the University of Oxford, where Classical Arabic and Islamic studies have been taught since as early as the 16th century, originally as a sub-division of Divinity. This latter context gave early academic Islamic studies its Biblical studies character and was also a consequence of the fact that throughout early-Modern Western Europe the discipline was developed by churchmen whose primary aim had actually been to refute the tenets of Islam. Today, academic Islamic Studies is usually taught and studied alongside or after an extensive study of the Arabic language, with named undergraduate and graduate degrees in Arabic and Islamic Studies existing at universities such as Georgetown University, the University of Exeter, University of Oxford, University of Leeds, SOAS at the University of London, Yale University and several universities in Holland and Germany, notably Leiden University and Tübingen University.
A recent HEFCE report emphasises the increasing, strategic importance for Western governments since 9/11 of Islamic studies in higher education and also provides an international overview of the state of the field.
History
The first attempt to understand Islam as a topic of modern scholarship (as opposed to a Christological heresy) was within the context of 19th-century Christian European Oriental studies.
In the years 1821 to 1850, the Royal Asiatic Society in England, the Société Asiatique in France, the Deutsche Morgenländische Gesellschaft in Germany, and the American Oriental Society in the United States were founded.
In the second half of the 19th century, philological and historical approaches were predominant. Leading in the field were German researchers like Theodore Nöldeke 's study on the history of the Quran, or Ignaz Goldziher 's work on the prophetic tradition.
Orientalists and Islamic scholars alike preferred to interpret the history of Islam in a conservative way. They did not question the traditional account of the early time of Islam, of Muhammad and how the Quran was written.
In the 1970s, the Revisionist School of Islamic Studies questioned the uncritical adherence to traditional Islamic sources and started to develop a new picture of the earliest times of Islam by applying the historical-critical method.
Themes
History of Islam
To understand the history of Islam provides the indispensable basis to understand all aspects of Islam and its culture. Themes of special interest are:
Historiography of early Islam
History of the Quran
Historicity of Muhammad
Early Muslim conquests
Theology
Kalam (Islamic studies of theology often include study of the traditional science of Kalâm.
Islamic eschatology
Mysticism
Sufism ( taṣawwuf) is a mystic tradition of Islam based on the pursuit of spiritual truth as it is gradually revealed to the heart and mind of the Sufi (one who practices Sufism).
It might also be referred to as Islamic mysticism. While other branches of Islam generally focus on exoteric aspects of religion, Sufism is mainly focused on the direct perception of truth or God through mystic practices based on divine love. Sufism embodies a number of cultures, philosophies, central teachings and bodies of esoteric knowledge.
Law
Islamic jurisprudence relates to everyday and social issues in the life of Muslims. It is divided in fields like:
the study of sharia
Islamic economics
Qur'an and Hadith studies
Key distinctions include those between fiqh, hadith and ijtihad.
Philosophy
Islamic studies scholars also deal with the long and rich tradition of philosophy as developed by Muslim philosophers.
It is divided in fields like:
Early Islamic philosophy
Avicennism
Averroism
Islamic philosophy
Modern Islamic philosophy
Sufi philosophy
Transcendent theosophy
List of Muslim philosophers
Illuminationist philosophy
Islamic ethics
Sufi metaphysics
Sciences
Islamic studies scholars are also active in the history and philosophy of science. Significant progress in science was made in the Muslim world during the Middle Ages, especially during the Islamic Golden Age, which is considered a major period in the history of science.
Timeline of Islamic science and engineering
Alchemy and chemistry in medieval Islam
Astronomy in medieval Islam
Islamic astrology
Inventions in medieval Islam
Mathematics in medieval Islam
Medicine in medieval Islam
Ophthalmology in medieval Islam
Physics in medieval Islam
Psychology in medieval Islam
Scholars also study the relationship between Islam and science, for example in the application of Islamic ethics to scientific practice.
Qur'an and science
Islamic creationism
Literature
Arabic literature
Arabic epic literature
Islamic poetry
Arabic poetry
Persian literature
Urdu Literature
This field includes the study of modern and classical Arabic and the literature written in those languages. It also often includes other modern, classic or ancient languages of the Middle East and other areas that are or have been part of, or influenced by, Islamic culture, such as Hebrew, Turkish, Persian, Urdu, Azerbaijanian and Uzbek.
Architecture
Islamic architecture is the entire range of architecture that has evolved within Muslim culture in the course of the history of Islam. Hence the term encompasses religious buildings as well as secular ones, historic as well as modern expressions and the production of all places that have come under the varying levels of Islamic influence.
Art
Islamic calligraphy
Islamic pottery
Muslim music
Islamic visual art has, throughout history, been mainly abstract and decorative, portraying geometric, floral, Arabesque, and calligraphic designs. Unlike the strong tradition of portraying the human figure in Christian art, Islamic art is typically distinguished as not including depictions of human beings. The lack of portraiture is due to the fact that early Islam forbade the painting of human beings, especially the Prophet, as Muslims believe this tempts followers of the Prophet to idolatry. This prohibition against human beings or icons is called aniconism. Despite such a prohibition, depictions of human beings do occur Islamic art, such as that of the Mughals, demonstrating a strong diversity in popular interpretation over the pre-modern period. Increased contact with the Western civilization may also have contributed to human depictions in Islamic art in modern times.
Comparative religion
Islamic comparative religion is the study of the relationship between Islam and other religions.
Islam and Christianity
Islam and Jainism
Islam and Judaism
Judeo-Islamic philosophies (800 - 1400)
Economics
Islamic economics studies how economics may be brought in accordance with Islamic law.
Islamic banking
Islamic economics in the world
Psychology
Psychology in medieval Islam
Sufi psychology
Islam and Modernity
One field of study deals with how Islam reacts on the contact with Western modernity.
Al-Nahda
Islam and modernity
Liberal and Progressive Muslim movements
Journals
Die Welt des Islams (Brill)
Islamic Law and Society (Brill)
Islam and Christian-Muslim Relations (Routledge)
Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam (The Max Schloessinger Memorial Foundation, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem)
Journal of Arabic and Islamic Studies open access (Lancaster University)
Journal of Islamic Studies (Oxford University Press)
Hakeem Al Hind (Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit Kerala, India)
Al Mahara (Maharajas College, Kochin, India)
The Muslim World (Blackwell Publishing)
Studia Islamica (Maisonneuve & Larose)
Pax Islamica (Mardjani Publishing House)
Journal of Islam in Asia (International Islamic University Malaysia)
Al-Qantara (Spanish National Research Council)
Journal of Shi'a Islamic Studies (The Islamic College)
Studia Islamika (Center for the Study of Islam and Society (PPIM) Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University of Jakarta, INDONESIA)
See also
Arabist
Glossary of Islam
List of non-Muslim authors on Islam
Notes
References
Bibliography
Asian studies
Medieval studies by field
Speller is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bob Speller (born 1956), Canadian politician
Cara Speller, British film and television producer
Cody Speller (born 1994), Canadian professional football player
Émile Speller (1875–1952), Luxembourgish military officer
Frank Speller, American organist and academic
Frank Newman Speller (1875–1968), Canadian-born American metallurgical engineer
Fred Speller (1863–1909), English footballer
Georgia Speller (1931–1987), African American artist
Henry Speller (1900–1997), American artist and blues musician
Sylvia Speller (born 1967), German physicist
Tony Speller (1929–2013), British politician
The Mercedes-Benz W11 was a midsize six-cylinder automobile introduced by Daimler-Benz it 1929. It was developed from the Mercedes-Benz W02 first seen in 1926, and the W11 shared its chassis and bodywork with the W02, but the W11 came with a larger more powerful engine, a new name and a wider list of “standard bodies” from which customers could choose.
The new car was also sold as the Mercedes-Benz 10/50 PS and as the Mercedes-Benz Typ Stuttgart 260. It continues in production till early 1934, although by then its replacements, the slightly smaller Mercedes-Benz W21 and the slightly larger Mercedes-Benz W18 had both already been in full-scale production for nearly a year.
A light van based on the Mercedes-Benz W11 was also offered, and carried its own works number, being identified as the Mercedes-Benz W37
Naming conventions
The manufacturer applied the widely followed German naming conventions of the time. On the Mercedes-Benz 10/50 PS the “10” defined the car's tax horsepower, used by the authorities to determine the level of annual car tax to be imposed on car owners. The “38” defined the manufacturer's claims regarding car's actual power output as defined in metric horsepower. In Germany tax horsepower, which had been defined by statute since 1906, was based on the dimensions of the cylinders in the engine.
Unlike the systems used elsewhere in Europe, the German tax horsepower calculation took account both of the cylinder bore and of the cylinder stroke, and there was therefore a direct linear relationship between engine size and tax horsepower. Reflecting the manufacturer's new naming strategy, the car was also sold as the Mercedes-Benz Typ Stuttgart, the Mercedes-Benz Typ 260 and as the Mercedes-Benz Typ Stuttgart 260.
In retrospect sources tend to use the internal works number whereby the car was identified as the Mercedes-Benz W11. This reduces the risk of confusion with other cars from the same manufacturer incorporating the name "Stuttgart" and / or the number "260" in their names.
10/50 PS Typ Stuttgart 260 (W 11)
The car was offered in bare chassis form for customers wishing to purchase a car body from an independent coach builder. Standard bodies from the manufacturer started with a Torpedo-bodied “Tourenwagen” and included 2 or 4-door ”Limousine” (sedan/saloon) bodies. There was also a choice from (initially) three different Mercedes-Benz cabriolet bodies, carrying according to the number of seats and of side windows, and listed respectively as the “Cabriolet A”, the “Cabriolet C” and the “Cabriolet D”.
In 1933 the manufacturer also produced a Mercedes-Benz W11L with its wheelbase lengthened by to . Intended to accommodate longer six-seater Pullman-bodied cars. There is no record of Mercedes-Benz having offered from their own Sindelfingen coachworks a Pullman body for this vehicle, so customers would have needed to follow the old tradition of arranging bodywork separately with an independent coachbuilder. Only 50 of the long-wheelbase cars were produced but the development provided a useful precedent for the long-wheelbase version of the newer Mercedes-Benz W21 which proved a winner with taxi operators and of which more than 6,000 examples would be produced between 1934 and 1936.
The side-valve six-cylinder 2,581 cc engine delivered a maximum output of at 3,400 rpm which translated into a top speed of 90 km/h (56 mph). Power was transmitted to the rear wheels via a four-speed manual transmission, the fourth speed being effectively an overdrive ratio of 1 : 0.76 while the more conventional “top” 1 : 1 ratio was achieved by selecting third gear. The wheels were fixed to a rigid axle suspended from semi-elliptic leaf springs. The braking applied to all four wheels, mechanically controlled using rod linkages.
L 1000 Express (W 37)
From 1929 the manufacturer also offered the commercially targeted Mercedes-Benz L 1000 Express which shared the technical elements of the Mercedes-Benz W11 and was known by its internal works number as the W37. Known versions include a flatbed truck, a box van (illustrated), an ambulance and a small ten seater buses.
Between 1929 and 1932 the "10/50 PS / Typ Stuttgart 260" and the less powerful but broadly similar “Typ Stuttgart 200” were the mainstays of the Mercedes-Benz range. The period was a particularly difficult one for the German auto-industry with passenger car sales badly depressed. The 5,640 cars produced in 1929 represented 66% of the manufacturer's output. Corresponding figures (excluding van and military versions ) for the next three years are:
1930: 4,453 cars / 69%,
1931: 2,320 cars / 70%,
1932: 885 cars / 15%
(1932 saw the launch of the all-new and smaller W15 model. )
Production of the 2,581 cc Mercedes-Benz Typ 260 / W11 ended with a trickle in 1934, by which time 6,807 had been produced. (If the volumes are combined with those for the less powerful W02 the total comfortably exceeds 20,000.) The replacement W21 model was introduced in 1933, by which year the auto-industry faced a much less bleak immediate-term outlook.
Not included with these passenger car statistics are 1,507 "Kübelwagen" (military quasi-Jeep) versions of the model which continued to be produced until 1935
or 1936.
Sources and further reading
Werner Oswald: Mercedes-Benz Personenwagen 1886–1986. 4. Auflage. Motorbuch Verlag Stuttgart (1987). , S. 46–47
Halwart Schrader: Deutsche Autos 1885–1920. Motorbuch Verlag Stuttgart (2002). , S. 67
This entry incorporates information from the equivalent German Wikipedia entry.
External links
W11
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Sedans
Cars introduced in 1929
1930s cars
Prashant Pandey is a Mumbai-based writer director. He started his career writing Amitabh Bachchan's critically acclaimed Sarkar Raj (2008) featuring Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai.
Educated at Hansraj College University of Delhi, and AJK, Mass Communication Research Centre Jamia Millia Islamia, Prashant Pandey had a brief stint as a journalist for ANI-REUTERS and later as a creative head with Zee TV talent hunt SAREGAMAPA.
Filmography
Dil Dosti Etc (lyrics)
Sarkar Raj (2008) (Screenplay, Dialogue and lyrics)
Contract (2008) (Story, Screenplay, Dialogue and lyrics)
Phoonk (2008) (lyrics)
Agyaat (2009) (lyrics)
Rann (2010)
Rakta Charitra (2010) (Story, Screenplay and Dialogues)
Turning 30 (2011) (lyrics)
Always Kabhi Kabhi (2011) (lyrics)
Bubble Gum (2011) (Lyrics)
The Attacks of 26/11 (2013) (dialogue)
Traffic (2016) (dialogue)
Poorna: Courage Has No Limit (2017)
Raid (2018)
External links
Indian male screenwriters
Hindi-language film directors
Delhi University alumni
Jamia Millia Islamia alumni
Living people
Film directors from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ceolodiscus is a genus in the gastropod family Euomphalidae from the Lower and Middle Jurassic of Europe. The shell is small but stocky; involute or with a slightly protruding spire. Whorls are generally smooth, evenly rounded and slightly overlapping; umbilicus deep, aperture ovate. Is the oldest known holoplanktonic gastropod, thanks to a bilateral symmetrical shell as an adaption to active swimming. Also the most common of the sea snails of the Posidonienschiefer Formation, it is also one of the most varied in size terms, with some of the biggest specimens of snail from the Lower Toarcian know. It has been related to large floating driftwood as one of the primary settlers.
References
Teichert, S., & Nützel, A. (2015). Early Jurassic anoxia triggered the evolution of the oldest holoplanktonic gastropod Coelodiscus minutus by means of heterochrony. Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, 60(2), 269–276.
J. B. Knight et al. 1960. Systematic descriptions; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part I, Mollusca (1):I196.
Coelodiscus
Gastropod genera
Euomphalidae
Jurassic gastropods
Jurassic animals of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 1909
Fondation Guilé is a Swiss foundation. This non-profit organization of Swiss private law has been founded in 1997 by the Charles Burrus family headquartered in Boncourt, Switzerland. The foundation's mission is to promote corporate responsibility in the process of globalization, focusing on human and labour rights, environmental protection and business ethics. The foundation supports and promotes the ten principles of the United Nations Global Compact through the engagement with companies about their sustainability and corporate responsibility efforts and by organizing high-level events on the topic. The foundation defines its role as “catalyst in helping companies implement and report on the ten principles of the Global Compact” according to the founders Nado and Charles Burrus.
Company assessments and engagement
Fondation Guilé has initiated two investment funds to promote its goals. The Guilé European Engagement Fund (GEEF) was set up in 2006 and is independently managed by de Pury Pictet Turrettini in Geneva, Switzerland. The fund is made up of approximately 45 European companies.
The Guilé Emerging Markets Engagement Fund (GEMEF) was set up in 2009 and is managed by Comgest in Paris, France. This fund contains roughly 45 companies. De Pury Pictet Turrettini and Comgest are both signatories of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment initiative.
The sustainability experts at Fondation Guilé analyse and benchmark the annual Communication on Progress (COP) and/or the sustainability reporting of all portfolio companies. The assessments focus on the four topical areas of the UNGC - human rights, labour standards, the environment and anti-corruption - and are based on publicly available information only. The assessments are aimed at determining strengths and areas for improvement to help each company further improve its commitment.
The portfolio companies receive the assessment results and a detailed presentation of the findings. The assessment and benchmark is offered to each portfolio company free of charge. The costs are borne by the investors through the fund's management fee.
High-level meetings
Since 2008, Fondation Guilé has organized and co-hosted a series of private events on the UNGC during the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland. These meetings bring together high-level representatives of companies, investors, academia, governments as well as the United Nations and aim at strengthening the UNGC and enhancing its impact. In 2011, the Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs, the Global Compact Office, KPMG and Novo Nordisk co-hosted an event which focused on the UNGC's "Blueprint for Corporate Sustainability Leadership". UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon was the special guest.
Other speakers at the 2011 event included Timothy P. Flynn, Chairman of KPMG International; Kris Gopalakrishman, CEO and Managing Director of Infosys Technologies; Lise Kingo, Executive Vice President & Chief of Staff of Novo Nordisk; Ditlev Engel, CEO of Vestas; Régis Burrus, Vice Chairman of Fondation Guilé; Robert Greenhill, Managing Director of the World Economic Forum; Ambassador Martin Dahinden, Director General of the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation; John Weeks, IMD Professor of Leadership and Organizational Change; Peter Maurer, Secretary of State of the Swiss Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs; and Georg Kell, Executive Director of the Global Compact.
During the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2012, Fondation Guilé co-hosted the UN Global Compact LEAD Luncheon. The goal of the meeting was to review the LEAD initiative as well as to discuss priorities for the Rio+20 process. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Heads of UN Agencies, Funds and Programmes, LEAD Chief Executives and high-level representatives from PRI and PRME were among the participants of the event.
Additional services
Fondation Guilé also served in an advisory capacity to the UNGC Office for the development and drafting of the Blueprint for Corporate Sustainability Leadership.
References
External links
Fondation Guilé Wikipedia in French
Comgest
Blueprint for Corporate Sustainability Leadership
Fondation Guilé de Pury Pictet Turrettini
Fondation Guilé Bruggers and Partners
Business ethics organizations
The Biblical Manuscripts in the Freer Collection, a collection of six biblical manuscripts, date from the 3rd to 6th centuries. Most of the manuscripts are written in Greek, one in Coptic. They are important witnesses of the history of the text of New Testament and Septuagint. The collection was established by Charles Freer (1854–1919), an industrialist from Detroit, Michigan and is held at the Freer Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
All these manuscripts were purchased at the beginning of the 20th century in Egypt by Charles Freer. Four manuscripts were bought on 19 December 1906 from an Arab dealer named Ali in Giza, not far from Cairo. Freer paid £1,600. Upon the next expedition to Egypt, Freer met with Ali and acquired a Coptic codex of the Psalms and the earliest papyrus codex of the Minor Prophets.
Formerly these manuscripts were held in Detroit, Michigan, in Freer's private collection. He gave his art collections to the United States together with funds for a building to house them. The building cost $1,000,000, all of which was paid by Freer.
The Freer Gallery of Art was opened in 1923.
Manuscripts
WI: Greek parchment codex, containing Deuteronomy and Joshua, from the early 5th century (designated as Washington Manuscript I by the Freer/Slacker Gallery).
Rahlfs 1219: Incomplete Greek parchment codex of the Psalms from 5th century (designated as Washington Manuscript II by the Freer/Slacker Gallery).
W (Codex Washingtonianus): Contains the four Gospels from the 5th century, with some material from 6th century (designated as Washington Manuscript III by the Freer/Slacker Gallery).
Fragmentary Codex Freerianus, contains Pauline epistles from the 5th century (designated as Washington Manuscript IV by the Freer/Slacker Gallery).
W: Twelve Prophets on papyri - before the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls, this was the oldest Greek manuscript of Twelve Prophets, of the 3rd century A.D. (designated as Washington Manuscript V by the Freer/Slacker Gallery).
Coptic manuscript of Psalms from the 5th century.
Gallery of Biblical Manuscripts
References
External links
The finding aid for this collection from The Freer Gallery of Art and Arthur M. Sackler Gallery Archives. Includes biographical information, relevant name and subject terms, and descriptions of the series.
Further reading
Henry A. Sanders, The Old Testament Manuscripts in the Freer Collection, New York, 1917.
Henry A. Sanders, The New Testament Manuscripts in the Freer Collection, The Macmillan Company, New York – London 1918.
Larry W. Hurtado, The Freer Biblical Manuscripts. Fresh Studies of an American Treasure Trove, Brill 2007.
Biblical manuscripts
Greek New Testament manuscripts
3rd-century biblical manuscripts
4th-century biblical manuscripts
5th-century biblical manuscripts
6th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution
Collection of the Smithsonian Institution
Alisa Childers is the self-titled debut album by former ZOEgirl member Alisa Childers. The album was released on December 1, 2007, and is also available online for download. It is the only solo album released by Alisa.
Track listing
The Truth Is...
Take It From Me
Skeletons
I Say
Bar On 59th
Pretty Prison
Bridges
Glory
Wake Me Up
Baptize Me
The Times They Are A-Changin'
References
2007 albums
Pop albums by American artists
Frederick Niecks (3 February 184524 June 1924) was a German musical scholar and author who resided in Scotland for most of his life. He is best remembered for his biographies of Frédéric Chopin and Robert Schumann.
Biography
Friedrich Maternus Niecks was born in Düsseldorf, son of a conductor and teacher; his grandfather was a professional musician. He studied music under his father; he later studied violin under Leopold Auer and others, and studied piano and composition under Julius Tausch. At age 13 he made his debut playing Charles Auguste de Bériot's Violin Concerto No. 2, then joined the Musikverein orchestra, with whom he remained until age 21.
In 1868 he expressed a desire to move to Great Britain, and Alexander Mackenzie invited him to settle in Scotland, where he became viola player in Mackenzie's string quartet in Edinburgh and an organist and teacher in Dumfries. In 1879 he became a regular contributor to The Musical Times.
In 1884 he published a Concise Dictionary of Musical Terms, in two editions. In 1888 he published his magnum opus, Frédéric Chopin as Man and Musician, with a German edition coming out in 1889. This was the first comprehensive biography of Chopin.
In 1891 he was appointed Reid Professor of Music at the University of Edinburgh, which post he held until 1914. His activities there included leading a string quartet and presenting an annual series of historical concerts, in addition to his lecturing and teaching duties. His published musical papers included The Flat, the Sharp and the Natural; The Teaching of Musical History; A History of Programme Music from the 16th Century to the Present Time; and The Nature and Capacity of Modern Music.
He was created a Doctor of Music by the University of Dublin in 1898. In 1907, aged 62, he married the daughter of Sir John Struthers, Secretary of the Scottish Education Department.
In 1914, on the outbreak of World War I, he was required to return to Germany. He was succeeded as Reid Professor by Donald Tovey. He later returned to Edinburgh, where he died in 1924, aged 79. He is buried in Grange Cemetery near the south-east corner.
His widow Christina Niecks (1869-1942) edited his biography of Robert Schumann and published it the year after his death. She died in 1944; she bequeathed to the Edinburgh University Library her collection of Chopiniana, including letters written by Chopin, Franz Liszt and Clara Schumann.
Reputation
In the 19th century, Niecks' reputation as a Chopin scholar was strong, but diminished in his later years. The Monthly Musical Record wrote in 1915: "His whole professional life has been one long big accident [including] the manner in which he first came to be regarded as the greatest living authority on Chopin". In recent years there are claims that "Niecks' sections on 1841–1849 and the posthumous years are flawed with half-truths, hearsay, misinformation, omissions, hints and puns", and that such inaccuracies have been copied and perpetuated by other writers.
Nevertheless, in 2011, the Fryderyk Chopin Institute, in Warsaw, Poland, published a Polish version of Niecks' Chopin biography.
Sources
Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians, 5th ed, 1954, Vol VI, p. 83-4
References
External links
1845 births
1924 deaths
German music educators
British music educators
German male writers
Chopin scholars
Robert Schumann
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
German music historians
Margaret Olive Hubicki MBE (2 July 1915 – 3 January 2006) was an English composer and teacher of musical harmony, who invented the Colour-Staff method to help people with dyslexia to read music.
Life
Hubicki was born Margaret Mullins in Hampstead, London on 2 July 1915. Her mother was Scottish and her father English. She studied piano and composition at the Royal Academy of Music, winning the gold medal of the Worshipful Company of Musicians, and at her graduation recital in 1934 performed a sonata of her own composition.
At the Academy she met fellow-student Bohdan Hubicki, a Canadian violinist of Ukrainian descent, and they married in July 1940. Three months later Bohdan died when their house was bombed; Peggy sustained severe injuries. Thereafter she devoted much of her life to music education. She did not remarry.
Hubicki devised the Colour Staff method to help people with dyslexia to read music by using colour. "Its particularly distinctive characteristic is that it enables musical notation to be taught in a multi-sensory way". She was one of the founders of the British Dyslexia Association, and involved in the Council for Music in Hospitals.
Hubicki was Professor of Harmony at the Royal Academy of Music until she retired in 1986; her students included composer Sir John Tavener, flautist James Galway, pianist Jeremy Menuhin and singer Annie Lennox. She was also one of the first teachers, and a governor, of the Yehudi Menuhin School.
She was appointed MBE in December 1986 in recognition of her service to music in hospitals.
An album of her compositions, Dedication in Time, was released on the Chandos label in 2005 to celebrate her 90th birthday.
References
1915 births
2006 deaths
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Academics of the Royal Academy of Music
British women composers
20th-century women musicians
Women music educators
Butter Fingers is a 1925 American silent film sports comedy film directed by Del Lord.
Cast
References
External links
1925 films
Mack Sennett Comedies short films
1926 comedy films
1926 films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
American comedy short films
1925 comedy films
Films directed by Del Lord
1920s American films
August Becker (27 April 1828 in Klingenmünster – 23 March 1891 in Eisenach) was a German author.
Biography
He studied at Munich, from 1855 to 1859 was a member of the staff of the Allgemeine Zeitung of Augsburg, and from 1859 to 1864 editor of the liberal Isar-Zeitung. He published Jung-Friedel der Spielmann (Young Friedel, the Minstrel, 1854), a poem which established his reputation, and considerable fiction, including Des Rabbi Vermächtnis (The Rabbi's Bequest, 1866); Vervehmt (Proscribed, 1868), which was attacked for containing alleged portraitures of contemporaries of the Bavarian court; The Carbuncle (1870); My Sister (1876), descriptive of the doings of Lola Montez and the events of 1848 in Bavaria; Painter Fairbeard (1878); and Der Küster von Horst (The Sexton of Horst, 1889).
Notes
References
External links
1828 births
1891 deaths
People from Südliche Weinstraße
People from the Palatinate (region)
Writers from Rhineland-Palatinate
German male novelists
19th-century German novelists
19th-century German male writers
Tavener is an unincorporated community in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. It is located east-northeast of East Bernard, Texas, near the intersection of U.S. Highway 90 Alternate (US 90A) and Farm to Market Road 1952. Tavener no longer has its own post office, schools and railroad stop, as it once did. There is no road sign identifying the community though the Tavener Gin is prominently labeled on the north side of the Union Pacific railway line, which parallels US 90A. A small bar and grill and a number of homes can be found in the area.
Geography
Tavener is located in Fort Bend County, Texas on US 90A between East Bernard and Rosenberg. It is west-southwest of Rosenberg in a straight line. FM 1952, also known as Tavener Road, starts at US 90A and goes directly north from the Tavener area. The road branches to the north and FM 1952 turns west toward Wallis, while FM 1489 continues north to Orchard. FM 1875 goes southeast from its intersection with US 90A to Beasley.
There is no Tavener road sign on US 90A. However, on the north side of the Union Pacific railway, a cotton gin at the intersection of FM 1952 is labeled TAVENER GIN in large black letters. Most of the land in the area is devoted to agricultural use. The level land surface is almost featureless except for a small creek that flows from the northwest and crosses under US 90A near Herman Sulak Road. The stream continues in a southerly direction and empties into the San Bernard River south of Kendleton.
North of US 90A the road net and property lines conform to a square pattern oriented north-to-south. Between US 90A and Koym Road, property lines are parallel with US 90A and with the north-south roads. South of Koym Road the road net and property lines conform to the northwest-to-southeast square pattern typical of the Needville area. The local roads bear English (Hopkins, Brandon, West Tavener), German (Behrens, Engel) and Czech (Sulak, Pilcik, Marek) names.
History
In 1890, the Texas and New Orleans Railroad added a stop and named it Tavener after Charlie Tavener, an early resident. The community received a post office in 1910. Four years later, the 25-person settlement boasted a lumberyard, general store, and telephone service. By 1926, Tavener had one school attended by 135 white children and a second segregated school with 28 black children. Postal service ceased in the 1930s. The community had a population of 50 and four commercial establishments in 1933. Only one business remained in 1945, but the number of residents remained steady. By 1953 only 20 people were recorded as living in the settlement. In 1970, the population was 30 persons.
Education
Brazos Independent School District operates schools in the area.
Gallery
References
Unincorporated communities in Fort Bend County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The 2014 AFL Tasmania TSL premiership season was an Australian rules football competition staged across Tasmania, Australia over eighteen home and away rounds and six finals series matches between 5 April and 21 September.
The League was known as the RACT Insurance Tasmanian State League under a commercial naming-rights sponsorship agreement with the motoring insurance company.
Three clubs exited the competition ahead of the 2014 season - reigning premiers South Launceston, as well as North Hobart and Hobart. They were replaced by new entity Western Storm, elevated team Kingborough Tigers and the newly formed Hobart City.
North Launceston were the premiers for the 2014 season, after they defeated the Western Storm by 59 points in the Grand Final.
Participating Clubs
Burnie Dockers Football Club
Clarence District Football Club
Devonport Football Club
Glenorchy District Football Club
Hobart City Football Club
Kingborough Tigers Football Club
Lauderdale Football Club
Launceston Football Club
North Launceston Football Club
Western Storm Football Club
Awards
Source: See here
Alastair Lynch Medal (Best afield throughout season): Daniel Roozendaal
Eade Medal (Best and Fairest in Development League): Mitchell Swan
Hudson Medal (The Highest goal kicker in TSL season): Aaron Cornelius – 76 goals
Baldock Medal (Grand Final Best on Ground): Daniel Roozendaal
Cazaly Medal (Premiership Coach in TSL): Zane Litteljohn
Matthew Richardson Medal (Rookie of the Year): Ben Halton
2014 TSL Club Coaches
Andrew Herring and Luke Shackleton (Burnie)
Matthew Drury (Clarence)
Max Brown (Devonport)
Aaron Cornelius (Glenorchy)
Michael McGregor (Hobart City)
Darren Winter (Lauderdale)
Scott Stephens (Launceston)
Zane Littlejohn (North Launceston)
Mitch Hills (Western Storm)
Adam Henley (Kingborough)
2014 Leading Goalkickers
Aaron Cornelius (Glenorchy) - 76
Trent Standen (Clarence) - 69
James Charlesworth (Clarence) - 62
Bart McCulloch (Western Storm) - 60
Bradley Cox-Goodyer (North Launceston) - 52
Jaye Bowden (Glenorchy) - 46
Highest Individual Goalkickers (Match)
12 – James Charlesworth (Clarence) v Kingborough – 24 August 2014 at Bellerive Oval
11 – Trent Standen (Clarence) v Kingborough – 13 July 2014 at Twin Ovals Complex
10 – Aaron Cornelius (Glenorchy) v Kingborough – 19 April 2014 at KGV Oval
10 – Jaye Bowden (Glenorchy) v Kingborough – 16 August 2014 at Twin Ovals Complex
8 – Ben Halton (Lauderdale) v Clarence – 9 August 2014 at Lauderdale Oval
8 – Allan O'Sign (North Launceston) v Kingborough – 5 July 2014 at York Park
8 – Chris McDonald (Burnie) v Launceston – 5 July 2014 at Windsor Park
Premiership season
Source: TSL season 2014 results and fixtures
Round 3A (5 April)
Western Storm 19.15 (129) def. Devonport 7.13 (55)
Round 1 (12 April)
Kingborough 13.11 (89) def. by Devonport 16.17 (113)
Lauderdale 21.18 (144) def. Hobart City 11.13 (79)
Western Storm 7.16 (58) def. by Launceston 11.10 (76)
Burnie 7.12 (54) def. by North Launceston 12.8 (80)
Clarence 20.9 (129) def. Glenorchy 14.10 (94)
Round 2 (18 & 19 April)
Lauderdale 10.18 (78) def. by Western Storm 14.10 (94)
Hobart City 13.14 (92) def. by Clarence 20.16 (136)
Devonport 15. 7 (97) def. Burnie 10.14 (74)
North Launceston 21.18 (144) def. Launceston 10.5 (65)
Glenorchy 23.19 (157) def. Kingborough 8.8 (56)
Round 3B (25–27 April)
North Launceston 9.9 (63) def. by Clarence 14.14 (98)
Burnie 12.12 (84) def. by Glenorchy 13.20 (98)
Kingborough 8.6 (54) def. by Hobart City 11.16 (82)
Launceston 1.4 (10) def. by Lauderdale 12.11 (83)
Round 4 (3 May)
Devonport 10.9 (69) def. by Hobart City 12.15 (87)
Clarence 20.16 (136) def. Launceston 10.5 (65)
Glenorchy 14.9 (93) def. Lauderdale 6.17 (53)
Kingborough 7.6 (48) def. by Burnie 22.20 (152)
Western Storm 6.9 (45) def. by North Launceston 7.14 (56)
Round 5 (10 May)
Burnie 5.14 (44) def. by Western Storm 9.14 (68)
Lauderdale 7.10 (52) def. by Clarence 19.10 (124)
Launceston 12.27 (99) def. Kingborough 5.4 (34)
North Launceston 12.15 (87) def. Devonport 6.7 (43)
Hobart City 11.9 (75) def. by Glenorchy 13.16 (94)
Round 6 (17 May)
North Launceston 8.7 (55) def. by Burnie 19.10 (124)
Devonport 17.11 (113) def. Launceston 8.13 (61)
Glenorchy 9.11 (65) def. by Clarence 12.10 (82)
Lauderdale 27.22 (184) def. Kingborough 6.6 (42)
Western Storm 18.13 (121) def. Hobart City 6.6 (42)
Round 7 (24 May)
Western Storm 18.12 (120) def. Glenorchy 14.13 (97)
Clarence 21.18 (144) def. Devonport 7.4 (46)
Burnie 19.12 (126) def. Launceston 12.7 (79)
Hobart City 27.12 (174) def. Kingborough 11.7 (73)
North Launceston 17.12 (114) def. Lauderdale 3.8 (26)
Round 8 (31 May)
Glenorchy 26.25 (181) def. Kingborough 3.3 (21)
Devonport 8.9 (57) def. by Western Storm 20.18 (138)
Clarence 20.16 (136) def. Hobart City 8.11 (59)
Lauderdale 13.11 (89) drew with. Burnie 13.11 (89)
Launceston 6.8 (44) def. by North Launceston 16.11 (107)
Round 9 (7 & 8 June)
Burnie 19.18 (132) def. Devonport 8.8 (56)
Hobart City 6.15 (51) def. by North Launceston 14.13 (97)
Lauderdale 10.18 (78) def. Glenorchy 9.13 (67)
Kingborough 5.4 (34) def. by Clarence 30.18 (198)
Launceston 9.6 (60) def. by Western Storm 14.15 (99)
Round 10 (14 June)
Devonport 11.15 (81) def. North Launceston 11.9 (75)
Clarence 9.11 (65) def. by Lauderdale 17.15 (117)
Glenorchy 11.5 (71) def. by Burnie 14.15 (99)
Hobart City 19.11 (125) def. Launceston 9.9 (63)
Kingborough 4.13 (37) def. by Western Storm 27.19 (181)
Round 11 (28 & 29 June)
Glenorchy 8.12 (60) def. Hobart City 7.10 (52)
Clarence 26.15 (171) def. North Launceston 10.9 (69)
Burnie 12.15 (87) def. Western Storm 5.11 (41)
Launceston 18.12 (120) def. Devonport 6.4 (40)
Lauderdale 8.19 (67) def. Kingborough 4.9 (33)
Round 12 (5 July)
North Launceston 23.26 (164) def. Kingborough 8.3 (51)
Devonport 11.9 (75) def. by Glenorchy 13.11 (89)
Hobart City 10.14 (74) def. by Lauderdale 10.17 (77)
Launceston 12.1 (73) def. by Burnie 15.12 (102)
Western Storm 16.16 (112) def. Clarence 10.9 (69)
Round 13 (12 & 13 July)
Western Storm 12.12 (84) def. North Launceston 12.8 (80)
Burnie 16.9 (105) def. Hobart City 11.6 (72)
Glenorchy 18.18 (126) def. Launceston 9.4 (58)
Kingborough 2.4 (16) def. by Clarence 25.28 (178)
Lauderdale 20.13 (133) def. Devonport 6.9 (45)
Round 14 (19 July)
Devonport 15.5 (95) def. Western Storm 14.10 (94)
Clarence 9.11 (65) def. by Hobart City 18.13 (121)
Glenorchy 20.7 (127) def. Lauderdale 15.4 (94)
Launceston 27.14 (176) def. Kingborough 2.2 (14)
North Launceston 11.9 (75) def. Burnie 8.13 (61)
Round 15 (2 August)
Clarence 11.7 (73) def. by Glenorchy 15.9 (99)
Burnie 14.16 (100) def. Devonport 6.7 (43)
Hobart City 8.4 (52) def. by Western Storm 18.19 (127)
Launceston 7.8 (50) def. by North Launceston 13.9 (87)
Kingborough 7.6 (48) def. by Lauderdale 20.19 (139)
Round 16 (9 August)
Devonport 15.15 (105) def. Launceston 9.18 (72)
Glenorchy 5.10 (40) def. by North Launceston 14.11 (105)
Hobart City 22.17 (149) def. Kingborough 7.8 (50)
Western Storm 19.5 (119) def. Burnie 17.14 (116)
Lauderdale 11.16 (82) def. Clarence 10.7 (67)
Round 17 (16 & 17 August)
Burnie 11.11 (77) def. by Clarence 12.17 (89)
Lauderdale 16.14 (110) def. Hobart City 5.11 (41)
North Launceston 22.10 (142) def. Devonport 7.4 (46)
Kingborough 2.3 (15) def. by Glenorchy 28.12 (180)
Western Storm 17.14 (116) def. Launceston 11.11 (77)
Round 18 (Final Round - 23 August)
Hobart City 10.10 (70) def. Glenorchy 8.11 (59)
North Lauceston 15.9 (99) def. Western Storm 11.9 (75)
Devonport 11.11 (77) def. by Lauderdale 22.13 (145)
Launceston 6.8 (44) def. by Burnie 14.13 (97)
Clarence 37.10 (232) def. Kingborough 3.2 (20)
Ladder
State League Finals Series
Qualifying and Elimination Finals
Semi Finals
Preliminary Final
Grand Final
TSL Team Of The Year
Foxtel Cup
Despite only forming as a new club in late 2013, the Western Storm were granted an invitation to compete in the Foxtel Cup knockout competition for 2014 ahead of 2013 runners-up Burnie. The Storm scored a stirring victory against reigning Foxtel Cup champions West Adelaide in their debut game in Adelaide. However, the long trip to Perth mid-week saw them defeated by WAFL club West Perth in the Semi Finals.
Round 1
Semi Finals
State game
The Tasmanian State League representative team competed against the North East Australian Football League representative team (which incorporates players from the four states and territories of the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory) on June 21.
See also
Australian rules football in Tasmania
References
External links
Tasmanian Football League Website
AFL Tasmania
2014
2014 in Australian rules football
Rhabdophis angeli, Angel's keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in Vietnam.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Vietnam
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Reptiles described in 1934
Taxa named by René Léon Bourret
The men's 94 kg weightlifting event was the sixth men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 94 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 17, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the thirteenth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Ilya Ilyin of Kazakhstan originally won the gold medal, but he was disqualified after he tested positive for stanozolol.
Khadzhimurat Akkaev of Russia originally won the bronze medal, but he was disqualified after he tested positive for dehydrochlormethyltestosterone.
Nizami Pashayev of Azerbaijan originally finished fifth, but he was disqualified after he tested positive for dehydrochlormethyltestosterone, oxandrolone and stanozolol.
References
Page 2679
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
The timberline wren (Thryorchilus browni) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Costa Rica and western Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The timberline wren is the only member of genus Thryorchilus, but its taxonomy at the subspecies level is unsettled. The International Ornithological Committee (IOC) considers it to be monotypic. The Cornell Lab of Ornithology's Birds of the World lists three subspecies, but notes that this treatment is disputed and that timberline wren should be "perhaps better considered monotypic." The Clements taxonomy and the Handbook of Birds of the World list the same three subspecies without comment.
The three disputed subspecies are the nominate Thryorchilus browni browni, T. b. ridgwayi, and T. b. basultoi.
Description
The timberline wren is long and weighs . The adult of the nominate subspecies has rich chestnut brown crown and upperparts and a reddish brown tail with thin dark bars. It has a broad gray-white supercilium, a chocolate brown stripe behind the eye, and grayish cheeks with narrow black markings. Its throat and chest are grayish white, its upper belly a mottled grayish white, its lower belly brown, and its flanks and vent area reddish brown. The juvenile is grayer below with a scalloped appearance. T. b. ridgwayi is larger than the nominate and has deeper reddish brown upperparts. T. b. basultoi has a wider supercilium, whitish markings on the upperparts and the sides of its neck, and has whiter underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The timberline wren's range is disjunct, and spans from central Costa Rica south to northern Panama. T. b. ridgwayi is found on Volcán Turrialba, Volcán Irazú, and adjacent areas in central Costa Rica. T. b. basultoi is found in the Cordillera de Dota of south central Costa Rica. The nominate T. b. browni is found on Volcán Barú, Volcán de Chiriquí, and Cerro Copete in western Panama.
The timberline wren inhabits páramo and near-páramo moorland at the upper edge of tree line, and is partial to bamboo thickets. In elevation it mostly ranges between but can be found as low as .
Behavior
Feeding
The timberline wren typically forages on or near the ground, sometimes fluttering to pick prey from leaves and creeping along mossy branches. Its diet includes small insects, caterpillars, and spiders.
Breeding
The timberline wren's breeding season in Costa Rica spans from April to June. Its nest is a hollow ball constructed of bamboo leaves lined with finer material. It has a side entrance and is placed up in bamboo or a shrub. The typical clutch size is two.
Vocalization
The timberline wren's song is quite different from that of any Troglodytes wren; it is a repeated "series of half a dozen scratchy, warbling notes, lasting 2–3 seconds". Its call is "a harsh scolding 'churr'".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the timberline wren as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a restricted range, it is considered common to abundant in its habitat. Much of its range is in national parks and receives little human pressure.
References
timberline wren
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
timberline wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shadow Music is the fifth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows, released in 1966 through EMI Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Hank Marvin - Main song instrument player
Bruce Welch - Rhythm guitar and vocals
Brian Bennett - Drums, percussion and piano
John Rostill - Bass guitar and vocals
Norrie Paramor - Producer, piano and orchestral accompaniment on "A Sigh (Un Sospiro)"
Dave Steen - photography
Charts
References
1966 albums
The Shadows albums
EMI Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by Norrie Paramor
CLTD/CLF/SCL cooling load calculation method
The CLTD/CLF/SCL (cooling load temperature difference/cooling load factor/solar cooling load factor) cooling load calculation method was first introduced in the 1979 ASHRAE Cooling and Heating Load Manual (GRP-158) The CLTD/CLF/SCL Method is regarded as a reasonably accurate approximation of the total heat gains through a building envelope for the purposes of sizing HVAC equipment. This method was developed as a simpler calculation alternative to difficult and unwieldy calculation methods such as the transfer function method and the Sol-air temperature method. Error when using the CLTD/CLF/SCL method tends to be less than twenty percent over and less than ten percent under.
History
After its introduction in the 1979 ASHRAE handbook, research continued on increasing the accuracy of the CLTD/CLF method. Research completed in 1984 revealed some factors which were not accounted for in the original publication of the method; these findings were a result of the ASHRAE research project 359. In 1988 ASHRAE Research Project 472 worked to correct these oversights with the introduction of a classification system for walls, roofs, and zones. Additionally, a weighting factor database was generated to help correct for previous inaccuracies. Additional research in Thermal radiation and appliance heat gain with respect to CLTD data was also completed shortly after the original publication of the method. The advancements in each of these areas inspired a revision/compilation effort, and in 1993 the CLTD/CLF/SCL method was succinctly compiled by Spitler, McQuiston, and Lindsey.
Application
The CLTD/CLF/SCL method uses predetermined set of data to expedite and simplify the process of cooling/heating load approximation. The data is divided into many different sections based on many different variables. These variables include, building material of the envelope, thicknesses of the building materials, day of the year, time of day, orientation of the surface (e.g. wall or roof, 90 degrees or 180), and wall face orientation (cardinal directions, i.e. N, NW, S, SE, etc.), to name a few. In order to determine which set of CLTD/CLF/SCL data to look at, all the requisite variables must be defined.
The respective tables of data were generally developed by using the more complex transfer function method to determine the various cooling loads for different types of heating. The results gained by doing so are then normalized for each type of heat gain used for the tables, CLTD, CLF, and SCL.
Explanation of variables
The first of the cooling load factors used in this method is the CLTD, or the Cooling Load Temperature Difference. This factor is used to represent the temperature difference between indoor and outdoor air with the inclusion of the heating effects of solar radiation.
The second factor is the CLF, or the cooling load factor. This coefficient accounts for the time lag between the outdoor and indoor temperature peaks. Depending on the properties of the building envelope, a delay is present when observing the amount of heat being transferred inside from the outdoors. The CLF is the cooling load at a given time compared to the heat gain from earlier in the day.
The SC, or shading coefficient, is used widely in the evaluation of heat gain through glass and windows.
Finally, the SCL, or solar cooling load factor, accounts for the variables associated with solar heat load. These include the global coordinates of the site and the size of the structure.
Equations
The equations for the use of the data retrieved from these tables are very simple.
Q= heat gain, usually heat gain per unit time
A= surface area
U= Overall heat transfer coefficient
CLTD= cooling load temperature difference
SCL= solar cooling load factor
CLF= cooling load factor
SC= shading coefficient
For heat gain through walls, doors, roofs, and windows (only window conduction)
Q = U*A*CLTD
Q = U*A*(T2-T1)
Where Q = Overall heat transfer in Btu per hour
U = Overall heat transfer coefficient in Btu/(ft2-hr-deg F)
A = Area in square feet
T1 = outdoor temperature in degrees F
T2 = indoor temperature in degrees F
For heat gains due to people, equipment (hooded and unhooded), and lighting
Q = Q*CLF
For solar heat gains through windows and glazed surfaces
Q = A*SC*SCL
Data tables
In addition to tables published by ASHRAE for select latitudes, a computer program called CLTDTAB, available since 1993, can be used to generate custom CLTD/CLF/SCL tables for a specific zone type for any latitude and month. This allows the use of this method, without interpolation, for any area in the world.
If the program CLTDTAB is used, the results obtained using this method will tend to be very close to the more rigorous TFM Method mentioned earlier.
References
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Cadet College Rawalpindi, known as CCR, is a private college at Chakri Interchange, Islamabad-Lahore Motorway M-2, Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
History
CCR is a project of the Pakistan Education Development Organization. Pakistan Education Development Organization (PEDO, LTD) is a private NGO, run by retired senior naval officers from Pakistan Navy and Education Directorate who joined hands under the leadership of Commander (R) Muhammad Sibtain Shah Hamdani, who was the pioneer founder of private sector Cadet Colleges in Pakistan since 1996. Cdr. (R) Sibtain Shah Hamdani, during his service in Pakistan Navy, held key positions in the Education Directorate of Pakistan Navy and initiated many new projects in education for the Pakistan Navy, while being assigned to run and establish curriculum and administration for projects like Bahria College Islamabad, Bahria University in 1996.after retirement had been actively involved in education projects and construction for Pakistan Navy and his company (METCO Engineering LTD) had undertaken projects like Bahria College Islamabad extension, Pakistan Navy Model School, Bahria University extension and a number of private boarding schools' projects, which were run under Shah's assistance.
Shah, while having a keen interest for education and understanding its importance for the future generations, always believed in imparting quality education to the masses. Discipline plays an important role in a young child's life and it grooms him to become a responsible and humble citizen to serve the humanity.
PEDO LTD, was formed with the intention, by Senior Naval Officers under leadership of Shah, to cater for quality education in Pakistan. Cadet College Rawalpindi was established in 2005 near Chakri Interchange on Islamabad - Lahore Motorway. A healthy environment requires ample space, specific blocks and a spacious campus with all sports and academic facilities, which was from the very first day kept in mind by the Management.
External links
CCR website
Cadet College Rawalpindi Facebook page
Universities and colleges in Rawalpindi District
The following lists events that happened during 1925 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Amanullah Khan
January–May
The amir takes severe measures to prevent a recrudescence of the rebellion among the Khost tribes which gave him so much trouble in the previous year. Early in February two shopkeepers in Kabul, members of the Ahmadiyya community of Muslims, and followers of the Quadian Mullah
who was executed in the previous summer for fomenting the rebellion, are sentenced to death by stoning for apostasy, and the sentence is carried out with great barbarity in the presence of Afghan officials. In the course of the same month there is a general dragooning of the revolted tribes. According to the Afghan newspapers, in two weeks all the Mangal villages are occupied, 3,500 houses are bombarded and burnt, 1,575 rebels are killed and wounded, 460 women and children die of cold and hunger during their flight in the snow, and 6,000 head of cattle and an immense booty are captured. The returning troops make a triumphal entry into Jalalabad, where flowers are showered on them by the amir and his mother. On May 25, sixty Khost rebels, mainly Ghilzais, are shot by order of the amir. After the rebellion, the amir does not prosecute further his reforming designs, and leaves the country in the traditional state. He devotes his energies to increasing its military power, having fifty young Afghans trained as airmen, and importing aeroplanes from Russia and large quantities of ammunition through India.
As the Soviet government continues to make sedulous efforts to extend Russian influence in Afghanistan, negotiations are commenced for a Russo-Afghan trade convention, and there is a steady infiltration of Russians prospecting for oil round Herat and in Afghan Turkestan. The Afghan government looks with disfavour on this activity, and it becomes genuinely alarmed at Russian designs when, near the end of December, Russian troops occupy an island in the Oxus at Darkad, which has always been regarded as Afghan territory, overpowering two Afghan posts by which it was held.
June–August
An "incident" occurs which for a time disturbs the relations between Afghanistan and Italy. An Italian engineer resident in Kabul named Dario Piperno is condemned to death by the Afghan court for killing a policeman who was trying to arrest him for some offence. On the Italian government offering to pay "blood money" for him, he is promised his release, but after the blood money has been duly paid, he is executed on June 2. Benito Mussolini at once makes a formal protest against the execution, and hands a note to the Afghan minister in Rome, demanding that the Afghan minister for foreign affairs should call in person on the Italian minister in Kabul to express his regret at the incident, while a company of Afghan soldiers was to salute the Italian flag. He further demands the payment of an indemnity of £7,000, in addition to the restoration of the blood money. The Afghan government procrastinates so long with its reply as to exhaust the patience of the Italian government, and a rupture of diplomatic relations is imminent when, on August 17, a telegram reaches Rome stating that the Afghan government has agreed to come to terms. It is announced the next day that the Afghan foreign minister has presented the apologies of his government to the Italian minister at Kabul, and has handed over £6,000 as indemnity and as repayment of the blood money. Good relations between the two countries are thereupon resumed.
Births
date unknown - Mohammad Hasan Sharq, politician
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Yegor Andreyevich Sorokin (; born 4 November 1995) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for FC Krasnodar.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Premier League on 14 September 2014 for FC Rubin Kazan in a game against FC Rostov. It took him 3 years to appear for the main Rubin squad again, when he started a game against FC SKA-Khabarovsk on 13 August 2017. He became a regular for Rubin in the 2017–18 season. On 9 December 2018, he scored twice to secure a 2–1 away victory over the league-leading FC Zenit St. Petersburg.
On 2 September 2019, he signed a 5-year contract with FC Krasnodar and was loaned back to Rubin for the remainder of the 2019–20 season. On 30 December 2019, Krasnodar exercised their option to terminate the loan early.
International
He was called up to the national team for the first time for games against Turkey and Czech Republic in September 2018. He made his debut on 10 September 2018 in a friendly against the Czech Republic.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Russian footballers
Russia international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Tosno players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Aktobe players
FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
FC Krasnodar players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Jean Lefèvre was a Belgian athlete. He competed in three events at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Belgian male long jumpers
Belgian male javelin throwers
Belgian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Belgium
Place of birth missing
Screven County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,593. The county seat is Sylvania.
History
The county was created on December 14, 1793, and was named for General James Screven, who died fighting in Georgia during the American Revolutionary War. Some wartime accounts used the alternate spelling of "Scriven" for the general, and the county's name was often spelled that way in its early history, as reflected on 19th-century Georgia maps.
Sylvania became the county seat in 1847, moved from Jacksonborough, by an act of State legislation.
The Screven County Courthouse, built in 1964, is the fourth courthouse to serve Screven County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water. The Savannah River borders the eastern side of the county, and the Ogeechee River borders the southwest portion. Elevation varies to around 40 feet on the Savannah river to 320 feet at the Bay Branch community, located a few miles west of Sylvania. Pine, oak, dogwood, and other trees prevalent to the South can be found in Screven County.
The very northern portion of Screven County, defined by a line running from Girard southeast and parallel to State Route 24 to the South Carolina border, is located in the Middle Savannah River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. A north-central section of the county, from Sylvania north and centered on Hiltonia, is located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin. The southern portion of Screven County, from Newington running northwest through Sylvania, is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin. The remaining southeastern corner of the county is located in the Lower Savannah River sub-basin of the larger Savannah River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 301
U.S. Route 301 Business
State Route 17
State Route 21
State Route 21 Business
State Route 24
State Route 73
Adjacent counties
Allendale County, South Carolina (north)
Hampton County, South Carolina (east)
Effingham County (southeast)
Bulloch County (southwest)
Jenkins County (west)
Burke County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,374 people, 5,797 households, and 4,104 families living in the county. The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 6,853 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 53.56% White, 45.29% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.49% from two or more races. 0.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,797 households, out of which 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.00% were married couples living together, 18.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.20% were non-families. 26.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.90% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 22.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 91.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,312, and the median income for a family was $34,753. Males had a median income of $30,228 versus $20,154 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,894. About 15.50% of families and 20.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.40% of those under age 18 and 25.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,593 people, 5,596 households, and 3,854 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,739 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.6% white, 43.3% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.5% were American, 9.3% were Irish, 8.9% were English, and 7.6% were German.
Of the 5,596 households, 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 18.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.1% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 39.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,155 and the median income for a family was $44,244. Males had a median income of $32,189 versus $25,480 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,189. About 14.0% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 19.2% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 14,067 people, 5,098 households, and 3,395 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cooperville
Dover
Halcyondale
Hiltonia
Millhaven
Newington
Oliver
Rocky Ford
Sylvania
Notable people
John Abbot, naturalist, entomologist, wrote The Natural History of the Rarer Lepidopterous Insects of Georgia
Lee Rogers Berger, explorer, paleoanthropologist
Edward Junius Black, member of the United States House of Representatives (1839–1841; 1842–1845)
Bucky Dent, New York Yankees shortstop (born in Savannah) but spent his early years in Sylvania
Francys Johnson, senior NAACP official
Macay McBride, Major League Baseball pitcher
John R. McKinney, Georgia's most decorated World War II hero.
Louie De Votie Newton, pastor and president of the Southern Baptist Convention
Sam Sommers former NASCAR Driver. Former Georgia Late Model Racing Champion and Georgia Racing Hall of Fame member.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Screven County, Georgia
References
Dixon Hollingsworth, ed., The History of Screven County, Georgia (Dallas, Tex.: Curtis Media Corporation, 1989).
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/13/13251.html
External links
Screven County Chamber of Commerce
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1793 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1793
Podraga () is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the traditional Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It is now generally regarded as part of the Slovenian Littoral.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
References
External links
Podraga at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Zeacumantus subcarinatus, common name the southern creeper, is a species of small sea snail or mud snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Batillariidae.
Distribution
This species is found on the coasts of New Zealand and Australia (New South Wales).
Description
The size of an adult shell varies between 8 mm and 16 mm.
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Miller M & Batt G, Reef and Beach Life of New Zealand, William Collins (New Zealand) Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1973
Ozawa, T., Köhler, F., Reid, D.G. & Glaubrecht, M. (2009). Tethyan relicts on continental coastlines of the northwestern Pacific Ocean and Australasia: molecular phylogeny and fossil record of batillariid gastropods (Caenogastropoda, Cerithioidea). Zoologica Scripta, 38: 503-525
Spencer, H.; Marshall. B. (2009). All Mollusca except Opisthobranchia. In: Gordon, D. (Ed.) (2009). New Zealand Inventory of Biodiversity. Volume One: Kingdom Animalia. 584 pp
External links
Bruce A. Marshall, Molluscan and brachiopod taxa introduced by F. W. Hutton in The New Zealand journal of science; Journal of the Royal Society of New Zealand, Volume 25, Issue 4, 1995
Batillariidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1855
David Merrifield is a Canadian retired ice hockey Center who was an All-American for North Dakota and helped the team win the 1963 NCAA Tournament.
Career
Merrifield was a three-year starter for North Dakota beginning in 1960. In his sophomore and junior seasons, the Fighting Sioux were a fairly poor team, missing the conference tournament both seasons. In his senior year, however, both the defense and offense vastly improved and UND tied Denver for the regular season championship. Merrifield was second on the team with 51 points and was named as both a All-WCHA First Teamer and an All-American. After the Fighting Sioux finished as runner-up for the WCHA Tournament the team set its sights on the National Championship. After easily dispatching Boston College in the semifinal, UND roared out to an early lead in the championship game. Merrifield assisted on two of the Sioux's 5 first period goals and the early lead enabled UND to hold on despite a furious surge from Denver at the end, winning the match 6–5. Merrifield was named to All-Tournament First Team
After graduating, Merrifield joined the Canadian National Team in the run up to the 1964 Winter Olympics. He was one of four players who remained with the squad but did not participate in any of the games. Merrifield retired after the 1964 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Thunder Bay
North Dakota Fighting Hawks men's ice hockey players
NCAA men's ice hockey national champions
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Eunisses Hernandez (born 1990) is an American activist and politician who is the member-elect of the Los Angeles City Council to represent the 1st district in the 2022 election. A member of the Democratic Party and the Democratic Socialists of America, Hernandez defeated incumbent councilmember Gil Cedillo in an upset in the 2022 election.
A self-described police and prison abolitionist, Hernandez was endorsed by progressive groups and leaders like City Councilman Mike Bonin and Dolores Huerta, and the Los Angeles Times. Hernandez declared victory on June 18, 2022 before the final vote tally, which was certified on July 1, 2022. Cedillo conceded the same day.
Electoral history
References
Living people
1990 births
Activists from Los Angeles
Los Angeles City Council members
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Hispanic and Latino American politicians
Hispanic and Latino American women in politics
California Democrats
California socialists
American democratic socialists
Police abolitionists
Prison abolitionists
Members of the Democratic Socialists of America
Women city councillors in California
North Bolaang Mongondow Regency is a regency of North Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. Boroko is the principal town of the regency. The regency covers an area of 1,856.86 km2 and had a population of 70,693 at the 2010 Census and 83,112 at the 2020 Census.
Administration
The Regency is divided into six districts (kecamatan), which are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census. The table also includes he location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and it's postal codes.
Notes: (a) Bolang Itang Timur District includes the offshore island of Nunuka. (b) Kaidipang District includes two offshore islands - Damar and Tikus. (c) Pinogaluman District includes three offshore islands - Anuling, Bongkil and Keramat.
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
JaQuan Hardy (born December 31, 1997) is an American football running back who is a free agent. He played college football at Tiffin University.
Early years
Hardy was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, on December 31, 1997, and attended Westlake High School, where he rushed for 1,800 yards, 23 touchdowns, and over 2,500 yards of total offense and received Second-team All-Ohio performer honors.
College career
Hardy accepted a football scholarship from Division II Tiffin University.
As a true freshman, the former All-Ohio selection from Westlake High School contributed in 11 games as a reserve, rushing for 576 yards and 5 touchdowns. In 2017, he led the Dragons in rushing as an 11-game starter: 1,077 yards and 8 touchdowns.
In 2018, he suffered a career-threatening knee injury, redshirting the 2018 season. In 2019, he started all 11 games, rushing for 1,554 yards and 15 touchdowns which ranked third in Division II. He was named the 2019-20 Great Midwest Athletic Conference's Male Athlete of the Year, as well as first-team all-conference. His 1,554 rushing yards during his Junior season tied the Great Midwest Athletic Conference rushing record, establishing himself as one of the best players in Tiffin program history.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Tiffin did not play any football games in 2020. He declared for the NFL Draft in 2021, instead of returning for a fifth year. He finished third in school history in rushing yards, third in touchdowns, fifth in rushing attempts, tied for eighth in points, and eighth in all-purpose yards.
College statistics
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Hardy was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys after the 2021 NFL Draft. He was waived on August 31, 2021 and re-signed to the practice squad. Hardy was elevated in Week 14 and Week 15, to replace an injured Tony Pollard. He registered 3 rushing yards and a kick return for 15 yards against the Washington Football Team. He was demoted to the practice squad on December 29.
In Week 18 with the starters resting for the playoffs, Dallas would elevate Hardy for the season finale against the Philadelphia Eagles, where had 3 carries for 26 yards and a touchdown, helping the franchise set the NFL record with 22 different players scoring a touchdown in one regular season. He signed a reserve/future contract on January 18, 2022. He was waived on July 14, 2022.
Denver Broncos
On August 10, 2022, Hardy signed with the Denver Broncos. He was waived on August 29.
Personal life
In 2021, Hardy was featured as a part of the Hard Knocks television series on HBO.
References
Living people
1997 births
American football running backs
Dallas Cowboys players
Denver Broncos players
Players of American football from Ohio
People from East Cleveland, Ohio
Sportspeople from Cuyahoga County, Ohio
Tiffin Dragons football players
David Dallas Taylor (December 15, 1926 – August 11, 1983) was an American murderer who was on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list in 1953.
Background
Taylor had held jobs as a service station attendant, electrician, plumber, autobody repairman, and grill man in restaurants. A career criminal, Taylor had been serving a jail sentence in Jasper, Alabama for grand larceny when he killed an elderly guard to escape; the first of four prison escapes prior to his addition to the most wanted list in 1953. He was a "persuasive talker" with a Southern accent who was always armed with a gun and switchblade.
Escape and capture
Taylor escaped from a train on September 1, 1952 while being transported from Chicago, Illinois back to Alabama following a previous escape, and was added to the list on March 3, 1953. He was captured by FBI agents on May 26, 1953 in Chicago while "caught in a traffic jam".
References
External links
FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives by year 1953
1926 births
1983 deaths
American murderers
Fugitives
The following is a list of Amanda Award winners within the main categories awarded at the annual Norwegian International Film Festival since the award's initiation in 1985. In 1993, the so-called "Nordic Amanda" honoured cinematic achievements from all the Nordic countries. This practice was discontinued the following year, but an award for best Nordic film was awarded until the year 2000.
Categories
The list of categories is incomplete.
Best Film (Norwegian)
1985–2004 the Amanda Award for Best Norwegian Film was given to the director. In 2005 this practice was changed, and the award is now given to the film's producer.
Best Director
The award for best director has only been awarded since 2005. Before this the best film award, which is now given to the producer, was given to the director.
People's Amanda
Best Actor
Best Actress
Best Supporting Role
Given intermittently up until 2007, starting in 2008 this award is given out in both a male and female category.
Best Actor in a Supporting Role
Best Actress in a Supporting Role
Best Sound Design
Best Children's Film
Best Original Screenplay
Best Short film
Best Documentary
Best Film (International)
The Amanda Committee's Golden Clapper (technical award)
The Amanda Committee's Honorary Award
Discontinued awards
Best Film (Nordic)
Best Television Drama
References
External links
Full list of winners.
Official site.
The Amanda Awards on IMDb.
Norwegian film awards
Amanda Award
Norwegian International Film Festival
The 1969–70 St. Bonaventure Brown Indians men's basketball team represented St. Bonaventure University during the 1969–70 NCAA University Division men's basketball season. The Brown Indians were independent and not a member of a conference. They were led by ninth year head coach Larry Weise as well as 6′ 11″ center Bob Lanier, named a consensus first-team All-American for the second consecutive season. He finished his career with averages of 27.6 points and 15.7 rebounds in 75 career games. St. Bonaventure advanced to the only Final Four in program history. Lanier suffered a knee injury in the Regional final against Villanova and did not play in the Final Four, but would be the top pick in the 1970 NBA Draft and go on to a Hall of Fame career.
Roster
Schedule/results
|-
!colspan=9| NCAA tournament
Rankings
Awards and honors
Bob Lanier – Consensus First-Team All-American
Team players in the 1970 NBA Draft
References
St. Bonaventure
St. Bonaventure Bonnies men's basketball seasons
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
St. Bonaventure
Mantralaya is the administrative headquarters of the Government of Maharashtra in the city of Mumbai, India built in 1955. Mantralaya was earlier known as Sachivalaya. (Sachiv- Secretary, Alaya- House, meaning House of Secretaries, called Secretariat). The headquarters of most State Governments in India are called Secretariats. However, since Ministers (Mantri in Marathi) also sit in the same building and to underline the fact that Ministers are powerful in a democracy, the name was changed to Mantralaya in the early eighties.
Mantralaya is a seven storeyed building which houses most of the departments of the state government in this building. The Chief Minister sits on the sixth floor. The Chief Secretary, sits on the sixth floor. Due to an increasing number of departments and staff, a new "annexe" building was built. Also, a new administrative building of 19 floors was constructed opposite Mantralaya to accommodate additional departments.
2012 Fire
On 21 June 2012 a fire broke out at the building. As per the preliminary report, the fire was caused due to an electric wire short circuit. Five people died, twenty were injured and hundreds of files were destroyed in the fire.
2013 Fire
On 9 March 2013, at 11:40 am, another large fire broke out on the fourth floor of Mantralaya. As per preliminary reports, the fire was caused by a short circuit, which caused the chemicals being used for its renovation to catch fire.
2018 Road Safety Maha Walkathon
On 18 November 2018, Chandrakant Dada Patil (Minister for Revenue and Public Works | Maharashtra State) flagged-off the Maha Walkathon from Mantralaya Gate at 8 am to spread awareness on Road Safety, No Honking and Responsible Driving. More than 5 Lakh participants joined Maha Walkathon across the State of Maharashtra.
See also
Vidhan Bhavan, Nagpur
Government of Maharashtra
References
Administrative headquarters of state governments in India
Government of Mumbai
Government buildings in Mumbai
Droogmansia scaettaiana is a plant in the legume family Fabaceae, native to West Africa.
Description
Droogmansia scaettaiana grows as a perennial shrub up to tall. The species is likely a pyrophyte (one adapted to recover from fire).
Distribution and habitat
Droogmansia scaettaiana is native to the region from Guinea to the Ivory Coast. Its habitat is in grassland or savanna at altitudes of .
Conservation
Droogmansia scaettaiana is threatened by mining activity at sites in Guinea and Liberia. Urbanization and agriculture pose a threat in other areas.
References
Desmodieae
Flora of Guinea
Flora of Ivory Coast
Flora of Liberia
Flora of Sierra Leone
Plants described in 1952
Netherlands Airport Consultants (NACO) is an airport consultancy and engineering firm. NACO is headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands and has branches and/or local presence in South Africa, Mexico, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates. The company is part of Royal HaskoningDHV.
History
NACO was established in 1949 by Dr. Albert Plesman, founder and director-president of Royal Dutch Airlines. He foresaw that after World War II, specialized know-how was needed to reconstruct airports in the Netherlands and abroad, and promoted the bundling of expertise available in the Netherlands. During the first few years of its existence, NACO worked on various projects in the Netherlands, Netherlands Antilles, Indonesia, Egypt and Germany. NACO began to play a directive role in the development of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the early 1960s. The years that followed have been marked by organisational growth and expansion of international activities that have seen NACO engaged in projects in over 600 airports around the world.
Projects
1960–present : Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
1992–2000: Second Bangkok International Airport
2003–2007: Beijing Capital International Airport Terminal 3
2009–2011: Kuala Lumpur International Airport
2012–2014: Viracopos International Airport
2015–present: New international airport for Mexico City
2016–present: Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport
References
Companies based in The Hague
Lyrceia or Lyrkeia (), or Lyrceium or Lyrkeion (Λυρκεῖον), was a town in ancient Argolis, distant 60 stadia (a little less than 7 miles) from Argos, and 60 stadia from Orneae, and situated on the road Climax, which proceeded from the gate of Deiras and ran from Argos in a northwesterly direction along the bed of the Inachus. The town is said to have been originally called Lynceia, and to have obtained this name from Lynceus, who fled hither when all his other brothers, the sons of Aegyptus, were murdered by the daughters of Danaus on their wedding night. He gave intelligence of his safe arrival in this place to his faithful wife Hypermnestra, by holding up a torch; and she in like manner informed him of her safety by raising a torch from Larissa, the citadel of Argos. The name of the town was afterwards changed into Lyrceia from Lyrcus, a son of Abas. It was in ruins in the time of Pausanias.
Its site is located near the modern Schinochori.
References
Populated places in ancient Argolis
Former populated places in Greece
Back to Work may refer to:
Back to Work: Why We Need Smart Government for a Strong Economy, 2011 book by former US President Bill Clinton
Back to Work Coalition, group of offshore oil and gas industry stakeholders and trade associations
Back to work legislation, a special law passed by Canada's federal or provincial governments that orders an end to strikes or lockouts and impose a settlement
Brook Silva-Braga (born March 27, 1979)<ref name="Back cover">Back cover of "A Map for Saturday DVD.</ref> is an American documentary film producer. He shared a Primetime Emmy Award for his production of Inside the NFL. He is best known from his documentary, A Map for Saturday, in which he produced, directed, and starred. This award-winning film is about his adventures as a backpacker for 11 months in 2005, in which he stayed in various hostels, and was released in 2007. His second film, One Day in Africa, was released in 2009. In 2011 his third film was released, The China Question. He is currently an on-air reporter for The Washington Post and freelances for CBS Newspath.
Early career
Silva-Braga was born and raised in Portsmouth, Rhode Island, and was a producer for HBO's Inside the NFL, for which he shared an Emmy Award.
A Map for Saturday
Making of the film
Silva-Braga quit his job with HBO "and he threw it all away" to travel around the globe for almost a year in 2005, with a video camera and equipment to record his adventures. It all started when HBO sent him to Asia for work on another story, and he discovered an underground network of backpackers, which enchanted him.
When he quit his job with HBO, his supervisor told him that, in the future, he'd only send married producers overseas. After he finished the film, he said that it had changed his outlook on life:
and
Synopsis
The film is billed as "around the world in 90 minutes." Its title describes the feeling that, "On a trip around the world, every day feels like Saturday." When "everyday is Saturday, each new person an instant best friend," you need a guide to how to deal with "always saying goodbye, and loss of connection(s)." Silva-Braga stays in hostels around the world, showing us the "hot spots" of backpacking adventure—Australia, Southeast Asia, India, and London—and out-of-the-way places like Brazil, Nepal, and Thailand. He was forced to pack only five pounds of clothes, because of his 30 pounds of video equipment, and stay in many hostels to save money. He interviews various hostellers and fellow travellers along the way as he investigates how and why people take long-term, budget travel.
Premiere
The documentary premiered at the 2007 Cleveland International Film Festival, where it was screened four times.Benson, Melinda J. Filmstrip Tease, found at Northern Ohio Live web site. Retrieved November 12, 2007. This film fest is a competitive one, drawing 43,000 attendees, 950 submissions, but only 180 films screened in 250 showings; this film was screened 4 times rather than the average 1.38 times of the typical film at the festival. The Cleveland Film Society, organizers of the film festival, created a live podcast during a panel interview with him. The local affiliate of ABC interviewed him while he was in town for the film festival.
ScreeningsA Map for Saturday was screened in Paris, France, shortly after the camera Silva-Braga used to film it was stolen.
The Hostelling International USA (HI-USA) is also screening the film at selected universities, colleges, and public libraries through its hostel councils.Albany Public Library official web page . Retrieved February 22, 2008.A Map for Saturday was screened on the MTV network's "True Life" series, episode 58.
Critical reception
The film has garnered mostly excellent reviews. Sean Keener, CEO of BootsnAll Travel Network, wrote that it was "well done" and praised the filmmaker as "a good story teller."
The indieWIRE web site reviewed the premiere in Cleveland, stating that "director Brook Silva-Braga, despite having incredibly honorable intentions with his backpacking documentary, A Map For Saturday, misses an opportunity to provide insight about a group of people..."
Recent programs
Silva-Braga posted a series of blogs at Gadling.com, which is affiliated with AOL, as well as posting at TheInterviewPoint''.
On November 10, 2007, Silva-Braga was the keynote speaker at the national conference of Hostelling International USA in Washington, D.C.; HI-USA sponsored an essay-writing contest called "The Big Trip" to celebrate this event.
In January 2009, he completed his next documentary, "One Day in Africa".
References
External links
A Map for Saturday
One Day in Africa
The China Question
1979 births
American cinematographers
American film directors
Living people
Youth hostelling
Backpacking
Adventure travel
Celebration is a compilation album by Simple Minds, released in 1982. The compilation features tracks from the band's first three albums released during their tenure on the Arista Records label, prior to their move to Virgin Records in 1981. One of the tracks, "Kaleidoscope", was exclusive to this CD and LP until it appeared on the X5 box set in 2012.
Track listing
Notes
Personnel
Simple Minds
Charlie Burchill – guitar, vocals
Derek Forbes – bass, vocals
Jim Kerr – vocals
Mick MacNeil – keyboards, vocals
Brian McGee – drums, vocals
Technical
John Leckie – producer
Thomi Wroblewski – sleeve design, photo illustration
Chart positions
References
External links
1982 compilation albums
Simple Minds compilation albums
Arista Records compilation albums
Oklahoma Girl is a compilation album by American country music singer Reba McEntire. It was released in October 1994 by Mercury Records. The tracks included are primarily minor hits released before she became a superstar in the 1980s and 1990s on MCA Records. No new material was recorded for this compilation, although seven previously unreleased songs from McEntire were found on the compilation. This compilation features all her solo Mercury singles except "Glad I Waited Just for You" and "One to One".
Track listing
References
Reba McEntire compilation albums
1994 compilation albums
Mercury Records compilation albums
Kada kažeš muzika, na šta tačno misliš, reci mi? (When you say music, what exactly do you mean, tell me?) is the eight studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, and the first to be released by the latest Belgrade version of the band working under an alternative band name Disciplin A Kitschme. The album was released by the PGP RTS, the heir of the PGP RTB label, under which the band had released several albums in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Track listing
All tracks arranged by Disciplin A Kitschme and written by Koja.
Personnel
The band
Koja (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals, djembe, drums [snare drum], timpani, music by, lyrics by, mixed by,
Buca (Miloš Velimir) — drums, djembe, drums [snare drum], timpani, vocals
Manja (Manja Đorđević) — vocals
Additional personnel
Crni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — artwork by [design], producer
Vlaca (Vladimir Đorđević) — djembe, drums [snare drum], timpani, vocals [featuring]
Goran Vukojčić — mastered by
Danko Đurić — photography
Stanislav Milojković — photography
Momma Hell — photography
Mobil Buca — photography
Aleksandra Stojanović — recorded by
Banana (Branislav Petrović) — vocals [featuring]
References
2007 albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
The Treaty of Edinburgh (also known as the Treaty of Leith) was a treaty drawn up on 5 July 1560 between the Commissioners of Queen Elizabeth I of England with the assent of the Scottish Lords of the Congregation, and the French representatives of King Francis II of France (husband of Mary Queen of Scots) to formally conclude the siege of Leith and replace the Auld Alliance with France with a new Anglo-Scottish accord, while maintaining the peace between England and France agreed by the Treaty of Cateau-Cambrésis.
French and English troops in Scotland
The rule of Mary of Guise in Scotland was supported by French troops. Scottish Protestants challenged her rule in the Reformation Crisis. During the ensuing Siege of Leith, French troops fortified the port and town of Leith against an English and Scottish Protestant force. The English army was invited into Scotland by the Treaty of Berwick made by the Lords of the Congregation. The treaty was concluded on 6 July 1560 just short of a month after the death of Mary of Guise. The fortifications at Leith, Inchkeith and Dunbar Castle were duly removed, and the French garrisons left Scotland. Other conditions discussed involved the joint use of English and French heraldry by Mary, Queen of Scots.
Remains of an artillery fort involved in the siege were found in 2006 in Edinburgh's Pilrig Park, and two gun emplacements can be seen on Leith Links.
Terms of the treaty
The representatives were Jean de Monluc, Bishop of Valence, and Charles de la Rochefoucault, Sieur de Randan, for France, with William Cecil and Nicholas Wotton, Dean of Canterbury and York. The French deputes were authorised to discuss the withdrawal of their troops with the Archbishop of St Andrews, John Bellenden of Auchnoul, and William Maitland as representatives of the Congregation. The French delegation was also permitted to meet and console the bereaved ladies-in-waiting of Mary of Guise's court. The cessation of hostilities during the negotiation was marked by two cannon shots from Edinburgh Castle at 7 o'clock in the evening of Monday 17 June.
It was agreed between France and England that all their land and naval forces would withdraw from Scotland. Mary and Francis II of France should not use the arms and signs of England and Ireland in their heraldry. Mary and Francis would fulfill the representations made by the nobility and people of Scotland on 6 July 1560.
Ratification
The terms of this treaty are occasionally confused with the acts of the Reformation Parliament of 1560 which met in August, and sought to establish the Protestant church in Scotland.
However the treaty was not ratified by Mary Stuart, the reigning Scottish monarch at the time, despite considerable pressure upon her to do so over the period until 1567. Even so, it had the intended effect of the withdrawal of French troops from Scotland at the time, and the eventual fall of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland.
Mary may not have wanted the Treaty to be ratified as she was heavily attached to France, having been its queen consort, and viewed the Lords of the Congregation as rebels against her mother Mary of Guise. She also did not ratify the treaty because it officially declared Elizabeth the monarch of England, a position Mary desired for herself. The Gowrie Regime attempted to ratify the treaty in April 1583.
See also
List of treaties
References
Further reading
Texts of the Treaty; pp. 581 French commission; pp. 591–3 Order for the demolition of Leith (French); pp. 593–7 Latin treaty, pp. 601–2 English ratification.
1560 in Scotland
Political history of France
Military history of France
History of Edinburgh
1560 in France
1560 treaties
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
France–Scotland relations
England–Scotland relations
Auld Alliance
1560 in England
Church of Scotland
Sam Page is an American physician and politician serving as the County Executive of St. Louis County, Missouri since April 29, 2019, taking office following the resignation of his predecessor, Steve Stenger. A member of the Democratic Party, Page represented the 2nd district of the St. Louis County Council from 2014 to 2019.
Political career
Page was first elected to the Creve Coeur City Council in 1999, and re-elected in 2001. In 2002, he was elected to the first of three terms in the Missouri House of Representatives.
On June 5, 2007, he announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Missouri. After a close race, his opponent Peter Kinder was re-elected on November 4, 2008. In 2009, Dr. Page announced his candidacy for the Missouri State Senate in the 24th District. Dr. Page ultimately lost the primary race.
In 2014, St. Louis County Councilwoman, Kathleen Kelly Burkett died midterm. Dr. Page was elected to fulfill her term in a special election held on August 5, 2014. On November 8, 2016 Councilman Page was re-elected for a four-year term commencing January 1, 2017. On January 3, 2017 Council Member Page was elected Chair of the Council for 2017. He is also Chair of the Council's Committee of the Whole.
Electoral history
Personal life
Dr. Page lives in Creve Coeur with his wife, Dr. Jennifer Page, and their three children who attend the local public schools.
References
External links
St. Louis County Council - Sam Page
Missouri House of Representatives – Sam Page
Campaign Website
1965 births
County commissioners in Missouri
County executives of St. Louis County, Missouri
Living people
Members of the Missouri House of Representatives
Missouri city council members
Missouri Democrats
People from Carter County, Missouri
Physicians from Missouri
University of Missouri–Kansas City alumni
Unpretty Rapstar (Korean: 언프리티 랩스타) is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet. The show has thus far released three compilation albums.
Compilation albums
Unpretty Rapstar
Unpretty Rapstar 2
Unpretty Rapstar 3
See also
Show Me the Money discography
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Hip hop discographies
Joseph L. Tezanos (born José Tezanos, July 6, 1920 – March 21, 1985) was the first American of Hispanic descent to join the United States Coast Guard's reserve officer ranks.
During World War II Tezanos served as a gunner's mate aboard during the invasions of Kiska, Alaska, Tarawa Atoll, Kwajalein Atoll, and in the Gilbert Islands. For participation in ad hoc rescue efforts on May 21, 1944 following a devastating explosion of ammunition back at Pearl Harbor that earned him a Navy & Marine Corps Medal for distinguished heroism. It was following the receipt of this medal that Tezanos was sent to a four-month officer training school. Following his commissioning Tezanos spent a year as a junior officer aboard the transport USS Joseph T. Dickman.
He was demobilized in early 1946, attending college and graduate school. Upon graduation he became a successful international businessman. Tezanos is interred at Arlington National Cemetery.
Legacy
Tezanos is the namesake of the Sentinel-class cutter .
References
External links
1920 births
1985 deaths
United States Coast Guard officers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
United States Coast Guard personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Navy and Marine Corps Medal
United States Coast Guard reservists
Spanish emigrants to the United States
Coccothrinax montana is a palm which is endemic to Hispaniola.
The Latin specific epithet montana refers to mountains or coming from mountains.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. montana to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
montana
Trees of Haiti
Trees of the Dominican Republic
Plants described in 1929
The Opera House is a proscenium theatre in Wellington, New Zealand, located on Manners Street opposite Te Aro Park.
History
The present Opera House replaced earlier buildings, also on Manners Street. The Imperial Opera House opened in 1878, but burnt down a year later. Its replacement was extensively modified to a cinema named Everybody's Pictures in 1914.
Construction work on the present building began in 1911. It was named The Grand Opera House in May 1913 with a plan to open early on Boxing Night that year. The principal architect William Pitt was based in Melbourne, Australia, and much of the work was overseen by Wellington architect Albert Liddy. The opera house finally opened on Easter Saturday of 12 April 1914 to an evening performance by the American Burlesque Company, with a full seating capacity of 2141 in three levels of stalls, dress circle and gallery, including 50 box seats. The original seating upholstery was made and installed by the Wellington company Kirkcaldie & Stains, and the interior features fine plaster mouldings and an ornate dome. The building was designed with brick masonry outer walls with wooden floors and a timber-framed roof.
In 1977 it was restored with funding from the New Zealand insurance company State Insurance, and for many years it was known as the State Opera House.
In the 1990s and early 2000s the building was operated by the St James Theatre Trust, which ran the nearby St James Theatre. In July 2011 Positively Wellington Venues, an integration between the Wellington Convention Centre and the St James Theatre Trust, began managing the theatre under the new name of The Opera House along with five other venues in the capital city. In October 2012 it was announced that the Opera House was an earthquake risk and would possibly have to close. By the end of 2016, funding from Wellington City Council and the Performing Arts Foundation of Wellington enabled the building to be strengthened and restored to sufficient code to continue to be open to the public. The refit also included an award-winning restoration of its original interior features, by a local architect and 14 painters and artists.
The Opera House was used for the theatre scenes in Peter Jackson's 2005 film King Kong.
References
Kernohoran, David, Wellington's Old Buildings, Victoria University Press, 1994, (page 131)
External links
Theatres in Wellington City
Theatres completed in 1914
NZHPT Category I listings in the Wellington Region
Opera houses in New Zealand
1910s architecture in New Zealand
Liberty County Airport is a county-owned airport a mile west of Chester, in Liberty County, Montana.
Most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, but this airport is LTY to the FAA and has no IATA code.
Facilities
The airport covers and has two runways: 7/25 is 4,607 x 75 ft (1,404 x 23 m) asphalt and 16/34 is 1,710 x 60 ft (521 x 18 m) turf. In the year ending August 24, 2008 the airport had 4,700 general aviation aircraft operations, average 12 per day.
References
External links
Airports in Montana
Buildings and structures in Liberty County, Montana
Transportation in Liberty County, Montana
was a seaplane tender in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN). The ship was initially built at Kawasaki's Kōbe Shipyard and launched on 13 December 1936 as a merchant vessel for the Kawasaki Kisen K. K. Line. On 18 September 1937 the IJN requisitioned her as an aircraft transport ship and she was refitted in 1939 as a seaplane tender. The ship subsequently saw service in the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Pacific Campaign of World War II. On May 29, 1943, Kamikawa Maru was torpedoed and sunk by the submarine approximately northwest of Kavieng, New Ireland at .
References
1936 ships
Ships sunk by American submarines
Kamikawa Maru-class seaplane tenders
Ships of the Kawasaki Kisen
Ships built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries
The 1997 Recopa Sudamericana was the ninth Recopa Sudamericana, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's Copa Libertadores and Supercopa Sudamericana competitions.
The match was contested between River Plate, winners of the 1996 Copa Libertadores, and Vélez Sársfield, winners of the 1996 Supercopa Sudamericana, on April 13, 1997. After a 1-1 draw, Vélez Sársfield managed to beat River Plate 4–2 on penalty shootout to win the trophy. Renowned goalkeeper José Luis Chilavert became the first ever goalkeeper to score a goal in the competition.
Qualified teams
Match details
References
Rec
Recopa Sudamericana
R
R
R
1997
R
Charles May Oelrichs (August 27, 1858 – January 15, 1932) was an American broker and clubman who was prominent in New York society during the Gilded Age.
Early life
Oelrichs was born on August 27, 1858, in Baltimore, Maryland. He was the son of German-born Henry Ferdinand Oelrichs (1810–1875), a senior partner in the firm of Oelrichs & Lurman, and Julia Matilda (née May) Oelrichs (1819–1879), who was born in Washington, D.C. His siblings included Hermann Oelrichs, an agent of Norddeutsche Lloyd shipping who married Theresa Alice Fair, daughter of United States Senator and Comstock Lode millionaire James Graham Fair; and Henry Oelrichs (1856–1902). Upon his older brother's death in 1906, Charles inherited the bulk of his estate.
Oelrichs was the grandson of Gesche Catharina (née Holler) Oelrichs and Johann Gerhard Oelrichs, a German merchant in Bremen. The Oelrichs came to America from Bremen around 1830. His grandfather later married a daughter of statesman Harrison Gray Otis. His maternal grandparents were Julia Matilda (née Slacum) May and Frederick May, who was a member of the May family, prominent in Virginia and Maryland during the American Revolutionary War.
Career
In his youth, Charles was an amateur cowboy on a ranch near Cheyenne, Wyoming where "he 'punched' cows, 'broke' bronchos, and lassoed bulls."
Oelrichs then entered business, becoming a member of the New York Stock Exchange with the firm E. C. Potter Co. The firm was later known as C. M. Oelrichs & Co., which was in business for sixteen years until his retirement in 1912.
Society life
In 1892, Oelrichs and his wife Blanche were included in Ward McAllister's "Four A Hundred", purported to be an index of New York's best families, published in The New York Times. Conveniently, 400 was the number of people that could fit into Mrs. Astor's ballroom. Oelrichs was a member of the Union Club of the City of New York.
The family spent summers in Newport, Rhode Island at their residence on Kay Street, amidst the Astors, the Vanderbilts, and numerous other wealthy elites of American society during the Gilded Age. The Oelrichs' were known for their lavish entertaining, including costume balls and dressing up in the "full regalia, including war paint and tomahawk".
Personal life
Oelrichs was married to Blanche de Loosey (1857–1932), the daughter of Chevalier Charles F. de Loosey, the Austrian Consul to New York. Blanche was also the sister of Emilie de Loosey, who was married to Theodore Havemeyer, a co-founder of the Newport Country Club. Together, the family lived in a town house on Madison Square and their summer cottage in Newport. Charles and Blanche were the parents of four children:
Natalie "Lily" Oelrichs (1880–1931), who married polo player Peter D. Martin of San Francisco. After his death, she married Heinrich Borwin Duke of Mecklenburg (1885–1942), the son of Duke Paul Frederick of Mecklenburg and Princess Marie of Windisch-Graetz, in 1915. They divorced in 1921.
Charles de Loosey Oelrichs (1882–1973), who married Marjorie Ramely Turnbull (1883–1952), sister of suffragist Alison Turnbull Hopkins.
Henry Edmond Oelrichs (1883–1944), who married Esther Moreland (1890–1941).
Blanche Marie Louise Oelrichs (1890–1950), the poet and playwright who married, and divorced, three times, to Leonard Moorhead Thomas, John Barrymore and Harrison Tweed. She also had a ten-year affair with Margaret Wise Brown.
Oelrichs died in Newport on January 15, 1932. He was buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. His widow died later that year.
Descendants
Through his eldest daughter, he was the grandfather of Charles Oelrichs Martin, who was disinherited by his mother after her death.
Through his son Charles, he was the grandfather of socialite Marjorie Oelrichs (1908–1937), who was married to band leader Eddy Duchin. Marjorie died six days after the 1937 birth of the couple's son, pianist and band leader Peter Oelrichs Duchin.
Through his daughter Blanche, he was the grandfather of three, including Diana Blanche Barrymore (1921–1960), who married three times (including to actors Bramwell Fletcher and Robert Wilcox) before her death which was attributed to a drug overdose.
References
External links
1858 births
1932 deaths
Oelrichs family
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
People included in New York Society's Four A Hundred
Paul Anthony Rawden (born 15 July 1973) is a former English cricketer. Rawden was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire.
Rawden made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1992 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Cumberland. Rawden played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1992 to 1997, which included 39 Minor Counties Championship matches and 11 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A debut against Glamorgan in the 1994 NatWest Trophy. He played 2 further List A match for Lincolnshire, against Gloucestershire in the 1996 NatWest Trophy and Derbyshire in the 1997 NatWest Trophy. In his 3 matches, he scored 21 runs at an average of 7.00, with a high score of 21, with Rawden scoring ducks in two of his three innings.
References
External links
Paul Rawden at ESPNcricinfo
Paul Rawden at CricketArchive
1973 births
Living people
People from Stamford, Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Bertie Raymond Ross (1909 - 17 November 1987) was a New Zealand first-class cricketer who played two matches for Wellington.
Ross was born in Lower Hutt.
External links
from Cricinfo.
1909 births
1987 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Wellington cricketers
Brachininae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae.
Taxonomy
The subfamily contains two tribes and 14 genera.
Tribe Brachinini Bonelli, 1810
Aptinoderus Hubenthal, 1919
Aptinus Bonelli, 1810
Brachinulus Basilewsky, 1958
Brachinus Weber, 1801
Mastax Fischer von Waldheim, 1828
Pheropsophus Solier, 1833
Styphlodromus Basilewsky, 1959
Styphlomerus Chaudoir, 1875
Tribe Crepidogastrini Jeannel, 1949
Brachynillus Reitter, 1904
Crepidogaster Boheman, 1848
Crepidogastrillus Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogastrinus Basilewsky, 1957
Crepidolomus Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidonellus Basilewsky, 1959
References
Carabidae subfamilies
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1986 season.
Overview
Taipei City Bank won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1983
1
Taipei
Taipei
"Cheer Up" (stylized in all caps) is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Twice. It was released by JYP Entertainment on April 25, 2016, as the lead single from their second extended play Page Two. It was written and composed by Sam Lewis and Black Eyed Pilseung respectively.
The song topped the Gaon Digital Chart and is the best-performing single of 2016 in South Korea. It also won several awards including Song of the Year in two major music awards shows, Melon Music Awards and Mnet Asian Music Awards.
Composition
"Cheer Up" has lyrics written by Sam Lewis and music by Black Eyed Pilseung, the same team who wrote Twice's hit single "Like Ooh-Ahh" from their debut EP. It is a dance-pop song that incorporates multiple genres, including hip hop, tropical house, and drum and bass; this blend was described as "color pop". Lyrically, the song emotes tease and frustration about a love interest.
Music video
The music video for "Cheer Up" was directed by video production team Naive (Kim Young-jo and Yoo Seung-woo). The music video was released on JYP Entertainment's YouTube Channel. It went viral on YouTube soon after it was uploaded on April 25, 2016, gaining 400,000 views in only thirty minutes. It reached one million views in less than a day, and surpassed seven million views on April 27.
In the music video, the members portray characters from famous films and TV shows. Mina is Itsuki Fujii from Love Letter, Sana is Sailor Moon from the Sailor Moon series, Nayeon is Sidney Prescott from the Scream film series, Tzuyu is Holly Golightly from Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Jeongyeon is Faye from Chungking Express. Momo is an action heroine reminiscent of the Tomb Raider and Resident Evil film series, Jihyo is a cheerleader from Bring It On, Chaeyoung is a cowgirl (reminiscent of different Western films, especially A Fistful of Dollars), and Dahyun is the gisaeng Hwang Jini (from the biopic Hwang Jin Yi). In the group dance scenes, the members are cheerleaders at a pep rally in a soccer stadium and a basketball stadium and in another dance scene, they are in front of a house, decorated as if hosting a party, wearing casual clothing.
A special music video, titled "Twice Avengers", was released on May 27 to commemorate the original music video reaching 35 million views on YouTube. In the special video, the members dance in their film character costumes on a set made to look like a planet in outer space.
On November 17, the video surpassed 100 million views. It then surpassed 200 million views on August 9, 2017, making Twice the first K-pop girl group with two music videos to reach this milestone. The music video also topped 2016 YouTube's Most Popular Music Video in South Korea.
Reception
Critical
Tamar Herman of Billboard described "Cheer Up" as an atypical K-pop girl group release that "solidifies Twice's unique style" through its unexpected mix of beats and genres. She further noted that the accompanying music video helped reinforce the members' independent identities while the song showcased of each member's individual voice, "[forgoing] musical wholeness for the sake of eccentricity".
Fuse journalists Jason Lipshutz, Tina Xu, and Jeff Benjamin discussed the release in the K-pop-centric podcast K-Stop, describing "Cheer Up" as a 1990s pop throwback reminiscent of Britney Spears' "...Baby One More Time". They praised the single's fun and catchy tone, rap break, and the "incredible" production quality of its music video but criticized its processed vocals and controversial lyrics, which seem to encourage young women to "play games" (i.e., feign disinterest) with their romantic partners. They concluded that, while the group has a lot of potential, they would need to "polish it up" for future releases.
Billboard and Dazed included "Cheer Up" in their best K-pop songs of 2016 lists.
The song's "shy shy shy" line became a viral meme and was imitated by many celebrities.
Commercial
"Cheer Up" was a commercial success, debuting atop the Gaon Digital Chart. It topped the chart for three non-consecutive weeks. The song acculumated 1,839,566 digital sales and 111,556,482 streams in 2016, making it the best performing single of the year. Elsewhere, it entered Billboard'''s World Digital Song Sales at number three.
"Cheer Up" surpassed 2,500,000 downloads in August 2017 on Gaon Music Chart. As of 2018, it has 2,737,015 digital downloads and 160 million streams.
Japanese version
On February 24, 2017, Twice officially announced that their debut in Japan was set for June 28. They released a compilation album titled #Twice'' which consists of ten songs including both Korean and Japanese-language versions of "Cheer Up". The Japanese lyrics were written by Yu Shimoji.
Accolades
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
! scope="col" colspan="3" | Streaming
|-
See also
List of Gaon Digital Chart number ones of 2016
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Korean-language songs
JYP Entertainment singles
Gaon Digital Chart number-one singles
Twice (group) songs
The Trial of the Century is the second full-length album by indie rock band French Kicks. It was released in 2004 through Startime Records. The song The Trial of the Century was featured in the movie, and trailer, The Art of Getting By.
Track listing
Tracks 1,2,5,6,9 and 11 written by Nick Stumpf.
Tracks 3,4,7 and 10 written by Nick Stumpf and Josh Wise.
Track 8 written by Josh Wise
"One More Time" – 3:17
"Don't Thank Me" – 2:58
"The Trial of the Century" – 4:14
"Oh Fine" – 4:15
"The Falls" – 3:30
"Was It a Crime" – 3:00
"Following Waves" – 4:16
"You Could Not Decide" – 4:02
"Yes, I Guess" – 2:28
"Only So Long" – 5:28
"Better Time" – 5:11
French Kicks albums
2004 albums
Albums produced by Doug Boehm
Startime International albums
C. Shane Reese is an American statistician and academic administrator. In 2019, he was appointed Academic Vice President of Brigham Young University (BYU) succeeding James Rasband, who had been called as a general authority seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Reese previously had been dean of the College of Physical and Mathematical Sciences at BYU and the Melvin W. Carter professor in the statistics department.
Reese has bachelor's and master's degrees from BYU and a doctorate from Texas A&M University.
Reese has done studies using statistical models to predict what will happen to nuclear weapons. In 2013, Reese was made an association fellow of the American Statistical Association. Reese has also done solar storm mapping, whale activity mapping and many studies applying statistics to sports.
References
External links
Profile of C. Shane Reese from Brigham Young University
Living people
American academic administrators
American statisticians
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
Texas A&M University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marco Vinicio Juárez Fierro (born 29 May 1976) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2002 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico.
References
1976 births
Living people
Politicians from Mexico City
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for the State of Mexico
Lieutenant Charles Henry Arnison (13 January 1893 – 4 September 1974) was a British World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories. He won the Military Cross for valour in World War I, and returned to the RAF to serve in World War II.
Early life
Charles Henry Arnison was born in Newcastle-on-Tyne on 13 January 1893.
World War I
On 26 May 1917 Sergeant C. H. Arnison of the Territorial Force was commissioned as a second lieutenant and transferred to the General List of the Royal Flying Corps. On 28 June 1917 he was confirmed as a second lieutenant and appointed a flying officer.
By early 1918, he was assigned to 62 Squadrons as a Bristol F.2 Fighter pilot; he began his victories with them with a win on 12 April 1918, and ran his string out at nine with his last victory on 15 May 1918. On both 6 and 20 June 1918 he was reported wounded in Flight magazine, although it is uncertain if this is a reference to two separate woundings. His exploits won him the Military Cross, gazetted 16 September 1918:
He also won a Distinguished Flying Cross.
Arnison remained in the Royal Air Force after the war. On 28 October 1919 he was appointed as a Flight Lieutenant in the reorganized RAF. However, less than a year later, on 6 October 1920, he retired due to injuries, retaining his rank.
World War II
On 25 January 1941, Arnison was commissioned as a probationary flying officer in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, and assigned to the Administrative and Special Duties Branch.
On 17 July 1941 he was reported wounded or injured in action in Flight magazine.
Post-war Arnison remained on the RAF List of Reserve Officers until relinquishing his commission on 11 May 1954.
List of aerial victories
Endnotes
References
1893 births
1974 deaths
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
British World War I flying aces
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Military Cross
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Flying Corps officers
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force officers
Pterostylis lepida, commonly known as the Halbury greenhood is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to South Australia. Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves. Flowering plants have up to ten green flowers with brown and translucent striations and a small, insect-like labellum. It is only known from two small populations.
Description
Pterostylis lepida is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and between five and ten egg-shaped leaves forming a rosette about in diameter. Flowering plants have a rosette at the base of the flowering stem but the leaves are usually withered by flowering time. Between three and ten green flowers with translucent white and brown striations are borne on a flowering spike tall, but only one or two flowers are open at a time. The dorsal sepal and petals form a hood or "galea" over the column with the dorsal sepal having a narrow tip about long. The lateral sepals turn downwards, have hairy edges and narrow tips up to long which are upturned and spread apart from each other. The labellum is fleshy, dark brown, about long and insect-like with long, silky hairs on its edges. Flowering occurs from August to November.
Taxonomy and naming
The Halbury greenhood was first formally described in 2009 by David Jones and given the name Oligochaetochilus lepidus from a specimen collected near Halbury. It had previously been known as Pterostylis sp. 'Halbury'. The description was published in The Orchadian. In 2010, Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterostylis lepida. The specific epithet (lepida) is a Latin word meaning "pleasant", "elegant" or "fine".
Distribution and habitat
Pterostylis lepida grows in mallee woodland with a dense shrub layer on plains. It is found in two small populations near Halbury and Moonta.
Conservation
Pterostylis lepida is listed as "endangered" under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. The main threats to the species are weed invasion, especially by bearded oat and brome, grazing by rabbits and trampling.
References
lepida
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of South Australia
Plants described in 2009
András Schiffer (born 19 June 1971 in Budapest) is a Hungarian lawyer and former politician, who served as co-president of the Politics Can Be Different and leader of its parliamentary group. Schiffer announced his retirement from politics on 31 May 2016.
Early life
András Schiffer was born in Budapest on 19 June 1971 to journalist Péter Schiffer (born 1943), a former deputy director of the Hungarian Financial Supervisory Authority (PSZÁF) and jurist Anna Hajnal. Among his uncles are director Pál Schiffer and Socialist politician János Schiffer, who served as Deputy Mayor of Budapest between 1994 and 2006. His grandfather was Pál Schiffer Sr., a Member of Parliament and Hungarian Ambassador to Norway. His great-grandfather was Árpád Szakasits, a leading Social Democrat, then Communist political figure also president of Hungary in (1948–1949) and Chairman of the Presidential Council of the Hungarian People's Republic (1949–1950) during Communist rule. Schiffer received his Juris Doctor degree at the Faculty of Law of the Eötvös Loránd University in 1995.
In 1989 he was a member of the short-lived "New Generation Movement" led by Ferenc Gyurcsány. In 1990 he was a founding member of the Young Socialists political movement. He was a leader there until 1992 when he quit that organization. He then worked in the private sector and return to public affairs via the green movement. He became part of the leadership of Védegylet. Védegylet was instrumental in electing László Sólyom for President of Hungary, against the Socialist Speaker of the House, Katalin Szili, Schiffer took a leading role in that campaign personally as well.
Schiffer served as Charge d'Affaires of the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (HCLU) from 2004 to 2008. He left the legal aid organization in the Summer of 2008.
Political career
In 2008 Schiffer founded the Politics Can Be Different movement, which formally organized as the LMP party in 2009. In the 2010 national elections in Hungary he was the leader of the LMP party list and was elected as a member of the Hungarian Parliament. He resigned as LMP parliamentary group leader in January 2012. He was succeeded by Benedek Jávor.
During the Politics Can Be Different party's congress in November 2012, the party decided not to join Together 2014, the electoral alliance of opposition parties and movements led by Gordon Bajnai. As a result, Benedek Jávor, a follower of the agreement, resigned from his position of parliamentary group leader. Unlike Jávor, Schiffer did not support cooperation with Bajnai and the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP). According to the press, Schiffer's group won within the party and eclipsed the other group, led by Benedek Jávor and Gergely Karácsony. In the first round, the parliamentary caucus failed to elect its new leader. Schiffer was nominated but rejected by an 8-to-7 vote. The platform 'Dialogue for Hungary' was formed within the party on 26 November 2012, with Jávor as one of its founders. The platform gathers those who would back the Together 2014 electoral movement with the aim of "changing the Orbán regime." Later that day Schiffer was elected leader of the LMP parliamentary group for a second time.
In January 2013, the LMP's congress rejected electoral cooperation with other opposition forces, including Together 2014. As a result, members of LMP's "Dialogue for Hungary" platform announced their decision to leave the opposition party and form a new organization. Benedek Jávor said the eight MPs leaving LMP would keep their parliamentary mandates and would coordinate with the remaining seven LMP lawmakers in order to keep the parliamentary group operational on some level. Schiffer said the move would not lead to a party split. Less than 10 percent of the party's membership had indicated a desire to leave the party, he said. The leaving MPs established Dialogue for Hungary as a full-fledged party. The eight MPs also left the parliamentary group which then broke up, according to the rules of the National Assembly.
Schiffer and Bernadett Szél were elected co-presidents of the LMP during the party's congress on 24 March 2013. The seven party MPs were able to re-establish the LMP's caucus on 1 September 2013, after the decision of the Committee on Immunity, Incompatibility and Mandate. Schiffer said the newly former LMP parliamentary group became the first group in Hungarian history with a female majority. On 18 July 2015, Schiffer and Szél were re-elected co-presidents of the party.
On 31 May 2016, Schiffer announced his retirement from politics in an interview in Index.hu. He resigned as co-president of the LMP and leader of its parliamentary group on 1 June, and also added he would give up his parliamentary seat on 31 August. Schiffer, referring to the new housing rules unilaterally adopted by ruling party Fidesz, said "the current parliamentary term has clearly demonstrated that we do not have the intellectual atmosphere for politics critical of the system". Schiffer declared that he would not participate in the next parliamentary election and would return to his previous profession as a lawyer. Disagreeing with the party's "new direction", Schiffer quit the LMP on 7 May 2018.
References
External links
Biography of András Schiffer on the Politics Can Be Different website
|-
Living people
1971 births
LMP – Hungary's Green Party politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Politicians from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian lawyers
Emma Xuereb (born 5 January 1992) is a Maltese football forward.
Honours
Mosta FC
Winner
Maltese First Division: 2010–11
Runners-up
Maltese First Division: 2011–12, 2012–13
External links
1992 births
Living people
Maltese women's footballers
Malta women's international footballers
Women's association football forwards
Jasper County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,900. The county seat is Monticello. Jasper County is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
This area was inhabited by indigenous peoples for thousands of years before the arrival of Europeans. At the time of European-American settlement, it was inhabited by the Cherokee and Muscogee Creek peoples, who became known as among the Five Civilized Tribes of the Southeast.
The county was created on December 10, 1807, by an act of the Georgia General Assembly with land that was originally part of Baldwin County, Georgia. It became part of the new area of upland settlement through the South eventually known as the Black Belt, and a center of large plantations for short-staple cotton. Invention of the cotton gin in the late 18th century had made processing of this type of cotton profitable, and it was cultivated throughout the inland areas. As migration continued to the west, the county population rapidly rose and fell through the nineteenth century. Georgia settlers pushed Congress for the Indian Removal Act of 1830, which eventually forced most of the Native Americans west of the Mississippi River.
Jasper County was originally named Randolph County (after the Virginian John Randolph). Because of Randolph's opposition to U.S. entry into the War of 1812, the General Assembly changed the name of Randolph County to Jasper County on December 10, 1812, to honor Sergeant William Jasper, an American Revolutionary War hero from South Carolina. However, Randolph's reputation eventually was restored, and in 1828, the General Assembly created a new Randolph County.
Newton County was created from a part of the original Jasper County in 1821.
The Jasper County, Georgia courthouse was shown and used for filming the courthouse scenes in the motion picture comedy "My Cousin Vinny", starring Joe Pesci. Although the setting of the movie is in Beechum County, Alabama (a fictitious place), near the end of the movie, Sheriff Farley (played by veteran actor Bruce McGill), actually mentions Jasper County, Georgia by name.
Government
The county has a five-member county commission, elected from single-member districts. The commission elects a chairman and vice-chairman to aid in conducting business.
The county is protected by a combined Fire Rescue Department providing EMS and Fire Services. The department operates out of seven fire stations with the majority of their manpower being volunteers. The department employs 50 personnel, which include full-time, part-time, and volunteer employees, and is headed by a Fire Chief Christopher Finch.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
The western portion of Jasper County, west of a line formed by State Route 11 to northwest of Monticello, then along the eastern border of the Piedmont National Wildlife Refuge, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The eastern portion of the county is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
State Route 11
State Route 16
State Route 83
State Route 142
State Route 212
State Route 380
Adjacent counties
Morgan County - northeast
Putnam County - east
Jones County - south
Monroe County - southwest
Butts County - west
Newton County - northwest
National protected areas
Oconee National Forest (part)
Piedmont National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,426 people, 4,175 households, and 3,122 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,806 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 70.95% White, 27.26% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.61% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. 2.07% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,175 households, out of which 34.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 13.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.20% were non-families. 21.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.20% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 28.60% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 11.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,890, and the median income for a family was $43,271. Males had a median income of $32,351 versus $21,785 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,249. About 10.90% of families and 14.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.20% of those under age 18 and 13.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 13,900 people, 5,044 households, and 3,778 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,153 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 73.9% white, 21.8% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 2.0% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.2% were English, 12.2% were Irish, 11.9% were American, and 6.6% were German.
Of the 5,044 households, 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.1% were non-families, and 20.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.15. The median age was 39.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,081 and the median income for a family was $52,177. Males had a median income of $40,323 versus $27,491 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,263. About 13.2% of families and 19.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.7% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 14,588 people, 5,171 households, and 3,807 families residing in the county.
Communities
Hillsboro
Monticello (county seat)
Shady Dale
Notable people
Susan Holmes - American politician born in Jasper County. 2001 Jasper County Citizen of the Year.
Roy "Buckshot" Jones - NASCAR driver.
Odell Thurman - NFL player.
Trisha Yearwood - Country music artist. In 2005, she released a studio album titled Jasper County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jasper County, Georgia
References
External links
Jasper County Sheriff's Office
Jasper County historical marker
The Old Loyd Place historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1807 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1807
Jasper
Manderston House, Duns, Berwickshire, Scotland, is the home of The Rt Hon. The 4th Baron Palmer. It was completely rebuilt between 1901 and 1903 and has sumptuous interiors with a silver-plated staircase. The proprietor, Sir James Miller, 2nd Baronet (1864–1906), told the architect, John Kinross, that there was no budget: "It doesn't matter". The house is a Category A listed building and the surrounding area, which includes the farm complex at Buxley, is listed in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
Origins
Manderston was an estate of the powerful Hume family, and their tower house appears on General Roy's map of 1750. Alexander Hume, of Manderston, de jure 5th Earl of Dunbar (1651–1720), seems to be the last member of this family who owned the estate. On 14 October 1689, King William III & II confirmed the Earldom of Dunbar to him, exemplifying the previous confirmation thereof by King Charles II. The estate was later owned for a short time by the head of the Swinton family, who now resides at Kimmerghame House nearby, and from whom the actress Tilda Swinton is descended. The present big house at Manderston incorporates the earlier Georgian house built about 1790 for Dalhousie Watherston (1752–1803).
Buildings
The original c.1790 house underwent alterations in 1870 and was then extensively remodelled by John Kinross at the start of the 20th century. It is one of several Category A listed buildings in the estate along with the stables, a boat house and a gamekeeper's cottage; all of which were built by Kinross. Kinross was also responsible for the group of buildings at Buxley at the north of the estate.
Near to the house is a Category C listed cricket pavilion. Manderston cricket club was founded in 1899 and is one of the oldest in Scotland. The pavilion, built c.1900, was renovated in 1999 as part of the club's centenary celebrations following a successful Heritage Lottery Funding bid.
Family
Sir James Miller's father, Sir William Miller, 1st Baronet (1809–1887), had, with his father James, made a fortune trading in Russia, mainly in herring and hemp. He was British Vice-Consul at St. Petersburg (1842–1854), Member of Parliament for Leith (1859–1868), and Berwickshire (1873–1874).
Sir James Miller, 2nd Baronet, had married Eveline, daughter of Alfred, 4th Baron Scarsdale, and his grand house remodelling scheme was said to be to remind his wife of the splendour of her family home, Kedleston Hall. They had no children and the estate passed to his brother John Alexander Miller, 3rd Baronet, (1867–1918). He also had no children by either of his two wives, and the estate passed to his sister Amy Elizabeth Miller, the present Lord Palmer's great-grandmother.
The house contains the world's largest collection of Huntley & Palmers biscuit tins, dating back to 1868. It is open to the public on selected days only.
Films
The house was used in
Two films about the Prince and Princess of Wales
The Edwardian Country House (Manor House in the U.S.)
Secrets of the Manor House (2012, PBS)
The Awakening (2011, BBC Films)
First Night (2010, Scorpio Films)
The House of Mirth
Man to Man
See also
Buxley
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of places in Scotland
References
Burke's Peerage & Baronetage, 61st edition, 1899.
An Ordinary of Scottish Arms, by Sir James Balfour Paul, Edinburgh, 1903
Borders and Berwick, by Charles A Strang, Rutland Press, 1994, pps:41-2.
External links
Manderston home page
RCAHMS: Manderston House (Kennels)
RCAHMS / CANMORE: Manderston Estate and Policies
SCRAN image of Manderston
Berwickshire
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Gardens in the Scottish Borders
Historic house museums in the Scottish Borders
Country houses in the Scottish Borders
Palladian architecture
Tikhvin (; Veps: Tihvin) is a town and the administrative center of Tikhvinsky District in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on both banks of the Tikhvinka River in the east of the oblast, east of St. Petersburg. Tikhvin is also an industrial and cultural center of the district, as well as its transportation hub. Population:
It was previously known as Predtechensky pogost, Tikhvinsky posad.
Etymology
Per to one version (Max Vasmer was a supporter of it) the name of the town originates from Old East Slavic тихъ (), which means «quiet». Per another version, from Finnish tihkua — «trickle out».
History
It was first mentioned in 1383 as Predtechensky pogost (), when a chronicle reported that a wooden Church of the Dormition was built here. Later, in 1495–1496, Y. K. Saburov, a clerk in the Novgorod Cadastre, mentioned the "...Tikhvin parish and in it, a wooden church..."
Its location at the intersection of trade routes which connected the Volga River with Lake Ladoga and the Baltic Sea ensured its rapid development. At the beginning of the 16th century, it was already a widely known commerce and trade center. In 1507–1515, funded by prince Vasily III of Moscow, on the spot of the burned wooden church, Dmitry Syrkov of Novgorod constructed the monumental stone Cathedral of Dormition, which stands to this day.
In 1560, by order of Tsar Ivan the Terrible, the Monastery of Dormition was built on the left bank of the Tikhvinka River. Management of the construction project was entrusted to Fyodor Syrkov, the son of Dmitry Syrkov. Special importance was placed on the haste of its construction; therefore, the Tsar permitted the use of peasants from twenty rural divisions to assist in building it.
In the spring and summer of 1560, the large Monastery of Dormition and the smaller Vvedensky convent were simultaneously built, as well as two trade and industrial settlements with various buildings for residential, economic, and religious purposes. The monastery was initially surrounded by a stockade of sharpened poles. Later, in the mid-17th century, it was replaced by two parallel log walls, filled in between with earth and stones. A covered walkway with arrow slits went along the top of walls and above the walls nine powerful towers were raised. Thus, on the spot of an ancient settlement, an important fortified stronghold was created, which would play a large role in the defense of the northwestern borders of Russia.
At the beginning of the 17th century, the Russian state underwent a deep internal crisis. During the Swedish-Polish incursion, the Swedes occupied and devastated the region around Novgorod. In 1613, Tikhvin was captured, ransacked, and burned. Tradespeople, sheltering behind the fortress walls of the monastery, survived a prolonged siege and numerous attacks before routing the Swedish army. The fight ended with the expulsion of the Swedes from the area, marking the beginning of the liberation of the Novgorod region from Swedish and Polish forces.
Tikhvin blossomed economically during the 17th and 18th centuries. The products of Tikhvin's blacksmiths enjoyed special demand and were bought not only in Russian cities but also abroad. Tikhvin became one of the points for foreign trade in Russia and Tikhvin Fair was one of the largest in the country. The bloom in trade and crafts in the 17th century contributed to an increase of the settlement's population, which grew considerably.
Stone buildings were permitted only on the territory of the monastery. In the 16th century, in addition to the cathedral, a stone refectory was built, and a church dedicated to the birth of the Mother of God was erected in 1581. In 1600, a five-roofed belfry was constructed. An especially intense period of stone construction took place in the second half of the 17th century, when all the wooden buildings in the monastery were replaced by ones of stone. As a result of these works, a highly artistic ensemble of historical and architectural monuments was created on the territory of the monastery, which is mostly preserved to this day, although in the 18th and 19th centuries some of the cloister buildings underwent reconstruction which altered their original appearance.
Since their construction in 1560, Tikhvin owed its allegiance to the monastery and convent. In 1723, after a prolonged fight, the inhabitants of Tikhvin were freed from monastery control and obtained their own administration, a magistrate who answered to Novgorod Province office. The settlement was not totally separated from the monastery until 1764, after an edict concerning the transfer of the monastery's property to the state. In 1773, Tikhvin was granted town status.
Tikhvin has considerable deposits of bauxite, a component involved in the manufacture of aluminum. These reserves were of "decisive significance" to the German war effort in World War II. 12th Panzer Division launched an operation to capture Tikhvin on 19 October 1941. During World War II, Tikhvin was occupied by Nazi troops from 8 November 1941 to 9 December 1941. Due to counterattacks on the part of Soviet forces, it had to be abandoned after one month, but many architectural monuments were destroyed during that time. The re-capture of Tikhvin is considered to have been extremely vital in the execution of the Road of Life during the Siege of Leningrad, thanks to its railway. It allowed the Soviets to provide much more foodstuffs in comparison to the makeshift land road previously used.
Climate
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Tikhvin serves as the administrative center of Tikhvinsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with nineteen rural localities, incorporated within Tikhvinsky District as Tikhvinskoye Settlement Municipal Formation. As a municipal division, Tikhvinskoye Settlement Municipal Formation is incorporated within Tikhvinsky Municipal District as Tikhvinskoye Urban Settlement.
Economy
Industry
In Soviet times, the largest employer in Tikhvin was a heavy machine factory, known as Transmash up to 2001, where tractors and defense equipment were manufactured. In its heyday, 20,000 people were employed there. The plant was very negatively affected by the dissolution of the Soviet Union and post-Soviet economic problems. Tractor production ceased in 2003 and by 2005, its workforce was reduced to about a thousand. The plant was acquired in 2001 by the ICT Group and restructured, a ferroalloy plant (acquired by Mechel in 2008), and rail wagon building plant were constructed in the first decade of the 21st century.
Other industrial enterprises in the town include the manufacturing of furniture for IKEA, a construction company, a wood-chemical plant (producing rosin, resin, turpentine, and other such wood-based chemicals), a meat-packing plant, a dairy plant, a bread factory, and other light enterprises.
Transportation
A railway connecting St. Petersburg and Vologda passes Tikhvin. A secondary railway branches out south, connecting Tikhvin with Budogoshch.
The A114 Highway, connecting Vologda with Cherepovets and St. Petersburg, passes Tikhvin as well. There are also local roads.
The whole course of the Tikhvinka River is a part of the Tikhvinskaya water system, one of the waterways constructed in the early 19th century to connect the basins of the Volga and the Neva Rivers. The waterway runs from the Syas upstream the Tikhvinka. Lake Yelgino is connected by the Tikhvin Canal, with the upper course of the Volchina River. The waterway then follows downstream the Gorun River, the Chagodoshcha River, and the Mologa River. Currently, it is not used for any commercial navigation. Most of the locks built on the Tikhvinka decayed and are not in use.
Architecture
Today, Tikhvin is divided into two parts: the "old town", which preserves the look of a small provincial town, and the "new town", consisting of apartment blocks built after World War II in the typical Soviet style. The majority of the population lives in the "new town". The houses and buildings of the "old town" are mostly wooden; in the center square, which until the 20th century was the commercial heart of the town, stands a restored cathedral, Savior of the Transfiguration, which is the main church in the town. In addition to the cathedral, a number of notable buildings are preserved around the square, including the hotel "St. Petersburg" (now Sberbank) and the "Guest Court", which was closed for many years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, but has been completely restored and now functions as a shopping center.
An additional point of interest is the historical part of the town with old wooden buildings and planning characteristic of the 18th century. The ruins of wooden sluices from the 19th century has been preserved as well; these are the remains of the Tikhvinskaya water system.
Culture
The famous Russian composer, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, was born in Tikhvin. His house has been converted into a museum.
Festivals
"Tikhvin Lel": begun in 1991, a yearly children's artistic competition and festival of traditional dance associations. In 2000 more than 80 associations from different cities of Russia and countries of the CIS participated, with more than 1000 participants. There are three categories of competition: classical dance, folk dance, and variety dance. Many associations attend the festival several years in a row. Since 1998, players of folk instruments have been able to take part in the competition as soloists, duets, ensembles and orchestras. In 2000, 76 contestants participated in this portion of the festival.
"September in Tikhvin": an open festival of wind and jazz music that began in 2000 and is organized in part by the Rimsky-Korsakov School of Arts. The festival's aims are to encourage connections between musicians of different countries, train young people with the best examples of world jazz, and raise the level of musical education in art and music schools. Famous jazz musicians and jazz associations from Russia and abroad have participated in the festival throughout the years; participants from other countries have included those from Finland, Denmark, Sweden, and Great Britain. One of the initiators of the festival was the Tikhvin jazz quartet (created in 1994), which has repeatedly represented Tikhvin in festivals in France, Germany, and Finland.
Religion
The main architectural and historical sight of town is the Monastery of the Dormition, founded in 1560. The monastery is famed for the Theotokos of Tikhvin icon. According to legend, it appeared on the shore of the Tikhvinka River on June 26 (July 9), 1383; later at this place the monastery and town would be built.
Notable people
Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov (1844–1908), composer
Voin Rimsky-Korsakov (1822–1871), his brother, naval figure
Twin towns – sister cities
Tikhvin is twinned with:
Hérouville-Saint-Clair, France
Imatra, Finland
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Photos of Tikhvin
Cities and towns in Leningrad Oblast
Tikhvinsky Uyezd
Christmasberry (also Christmas berry or Christmas-berry) can refer to any one of several shrubs or small trees, as well as their colorful fruit:
Ardisia crenata, native to Asia and Australia
Crossopetalum ilicifolium
Lycium carolinianum (Carolina desert-thorn, family Solanaceae), a boxthorn native to subtropical North America
Heteromeles arbutifolia (toyon or California holly, family Rosaceae), native to southern California and northern Mexico
Passerina ericoides, a South African shrub
Photinia villosa
Ruscus aculeatus cultivar 'Christmas Berry'
Schinus terebinthifolia (Brazilian pepper, family Anacardiaceae), native to South America but introduced and invasive in many tropical and subtropical areas
See also
Christmas bush
Huang Yihang (; born May 30, 2002) is a Chinese pair skater. With his skating partner, Wang Yuchen, he is the 2020 Cup of China silver medalist, the 2020 Chinese junior national champion, and placed in the top eight at the 2020 World Junior Championships.
Personal life
Huang was born on May 30, 2002 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang. He enjoys playing basketball.
Career
Early career
Huang started skating in 2012. His first pairs coach was Luan Bo.
Huang teamed up with Wang Yuchen prior to the 2017–18 season. They placed eighth at the 2018 Chinese Championships, where there was no separate junior division.
2018–2019 season
Wang/Huang were added to the Chinese national team ahead of the season to replace an injured Yu Xiaoyu / Zhang Hao. They made their junior international debut on the Junior Grand Prix, placing eighth in Canada and 13th in the Czech Republic. In early December, Wang/Huang competed at the Russian-Chinese Winter Youth Games, where they finished fourth. They ended their season at the 2019 Chinese Championships at the end of the month. As there was no separate junior division, Wang/Huang finished fifth among seniors.
2019–2020 season
Wang/Huang opened their season on the Junior Grand Prix and finished eighth at both their events in the United States and Croatia. In between the two JGP events, they competed at the 2020 Chinese Championships, where they won the junior title by 0.01 points ahead of Wang Huidi / Jia Ziqi and Li Jiaen / Wang Zijian.
Wang/Huang were assigned to compete at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland in January. On being selected, Wang said: "I am very excited to participate in such a large competition for the first time. In order to achieve our competition goal, I will train hard and strive to skate in my best form and win glory for the country." Wang/Huang went on to place fifth in the individual event. Huang expressed dissatisfaction with their performance and called it a "learning opportunity." As part of Team Future during the team event, they again placed fifth to help the team finish seventh overall.
Wang/Huang finished their season at the 2020 World Junior Championships in March. Placing eighth in the short program and sixth in the free skating, they ended in eighth place overall.
2020–2021 season
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Junior Grand Prix series was cancelled and the Grand Prix events were limited to domestic competitors or skaters who trained in the host nation's immediate geographic region. As a result, Wang/Huang were assigned to make their senior debut at the 2020 Cup of China. They finished second in both segments to earn the silver medal behind Peng Cheng / Jin Yang.
In January 2021, Wang/Huang participated in the New Year's Day Ice Carnival, a domestic team competition held among the Chinese national team, as part of Sui Wenjing's Team Elite alongside Jin Boyang, Chen Hongyi, Wang Yihan, and Chen Hong / Sun Zhuoming. They lost the competition to Han Cong's Team Sharp Blades after falling behind on the first day of competition.
2021–2022 season
Wang/Huang were assigned to compete at the 2021 CS Nebelhorn Trophy to attempt to qualify a third berth for Chinese pairs at the 2022 Winter Olympics. They placed fourth in the short program, third among the teams seeking the three available spots, but dropped to sixth place after three falls in their free skate, and did not qualify a place.
Programs
With Wang
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Wang
Detailed results
With Wang
Senior results
Junior results
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Chinese male pair skaters
Figure skaters from Heilongjiang
Sportspeople from Qiqihar
Figure skaters at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
Joseph Allen Willard (April 26, 1803, in Hubbardton, Rutland County, Vermont – August 18, 1868, in Lowville, Lewis County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life
He was the son of Francis Willard (c. 1777–1856), a carpenter. Joseph A. Willard became a clothier, and about 1824 set up shop in Lowville. On October 22, 1829, he married Eusebia Eager (1818–1887), and they had several children.
He entered politics as a Whig, was a delegate to the Anti-Nebraska Party state convention in 1854, and joined the Republican Party upon its foundation. He became a brigadier general of the State Militia, and was Supervisor of the Town of Lowville in 1856 and 1857.
Willard was a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
Ancestry
Joseph Allen Willard was a 3rd great-grandson (6th generation descendant) of the Massachusetts colonist Simon Willard (1605–1676).
Bibliography
Annotations
Notes
References
; .
; .
<li>
<li>
1803 births
1868 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Lowville, New York
New York (state) Republicans
People from Hubbardton, Vermont
Town supervisors in New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Consort Ji (; 1846 – 12 November 1905), of the Han Chinese Plain Yellow Banner Wang clan, was a consort of Xianfeng Emperor.
Life
Family background
Consort Ji was a member of Han Chinese Plain Yellow Banner Wang clan. Her personal name was Xinghuachun (杏花春; literally: Spring Apricot; corresponding with Spring Apricot villa in Yuanmingyuan).
Father: Qingyuan (), served as a guard in imperial gardens department.
Mother: Lady Wu (伍氏)
One brother:Wenyuan (文元)
Daoguang era
Consort Ji was born in 1846. Her father and grandfather died, leaving her together with mother, lady Wu, who received only one tael monthly.
Xianfeng era
In 1858, Lady Wang entered the Forbidden City, and was given the title of "Noble Lady Ji" (吉贵人; "ji" meaning "auspicious"). She lived under the supervision of Empress Xiaozhenxian in Zhongcui palace. Lady Wang joined a clique called "Four spring ladies" () together with Noble Lady Lu, Noble Lady Xi and Noble Lady Qing. According to the "Early years of Cixi" lady Wang and Consort Yi were holding crippled Xianfeng Emperor. Once, when Noble Lady Ji was pregnant, she was walking together with Lady Yehe Nara in Imperial Garden. Lady Nara accidentally kicked lady Wang causing her a miscarriage.
Tongzhi era
In 1861, Noble Lady Ji was promoted to "Concubine Ji" (吉嫔) together with other Four Spring ladies.
Guangxu era
In 1875, Concubine Ji was promoted to "Consort Ji" (吉妃). Consort Ji died on 12 November 1905. She was interred at the Ding Mausoleum in Eastern Qing tombs in 1907.
Titles
During the reign of the Daoguang Emperor (r. 1820–1850):
Lady Wang (from 1846)
During the reign of the Xianfeng Emperor (r. 1850–1861):
Noble Lady Ji (; from 1858), sixth rank consort
During the reign of the Tongzhi Emperor (r. 1861–1875):
Concubine Ji (; from 1861), fifth rank consort
During the reign of the Guangxu Emperor (r. 1875–1908):
Consort Ji (; from 1875), fourth rank consort
Issue
As Noble Lady:
Miscarriage (male; 1859 or 1860)
See also
Ranks of imperial consorts in China#Qing
Royal and noble ranks of the Qing dynasty
References
Consorts of the Xianfeng Emperor
1864 births
1905 deaths
The UK Rock & Metal Albums Chart is a record chart which ranks the best-selling rock and heavy metal albums in the United Kingdom. Compiled and published by the Official Charts Company, the data is based on each album's weekly physical sales and digital downloads.
Chart history
See also
List of UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart number ones of 2021
References
External links
Official UK Rock & Metal Albums Chart Top 40 at the Official Charts Company
The Official UK Top 40 Rock Albums at BBC Radio 1
2021 in British music
United Kingdom Rock and Metal Albums
2021
The Lambas are an ethnic and linguistic group of people living in the Kéran and Doufelgou Districts (Préfecture) of the Kara Region in Northern Togo and in the Atakora and Donga Departments of Bénin, West Africa. The capital of the Kéran District is Kanté and the capital of the Doufelgou District is Niamtougou.
In Togo, the Lambas live the Center and West of the Kéran District; in the Togo Mountains on the Défalé Chain; in the Western reaches of Doufelgou District; in Eastern reaches of Doufelgou District North of the Binah River: and, in Niamtougou, in the Villages of Yaka and Agbandé. In Bénin, the Lambas live in and around Boucoumbé (Boukamtié) in the Atakora Department and near Djougou and Bassila in the Donga Department. They also live in diaspora zones in the Central and Plateaux Regions of Togo, in border areas of Ghana, and in the capital cities of Lomé and Cotonou.
People
The Lambas are primarily engaged in subsistence farming and small animal husbandry, especially chickens, guinea fowl, goats, pigs, and sheep. They grow millet and sorghum that they make into a thick porridge (la pâte) that is the staple of their diet and that they brew into thick low-alcohol beer. They also grow yams and cassava, groundnuts (peanuts), beans, and fonio.
The Lambas have migrated in search of fertile available land in Togo to the area along the North-South National Road No. 1 between Sokodé and Notsé, where they have founded numerous communities. In addition, they have migrated to Togo's capital city, Lomé, and the economic capital of Bénin, Cotonou, in search of wage employment. Lamba men served in the colonial armies of Germany, Britain, and France as well as in the Togolese and Beninese armies in the years following the independences of the two countries.
The Lambas refer to themselves and to their Language as Lama. Lamba is the name attributed to them in French and that continues to be used in the administration. In addition, all of the inhabitants of the Doufelgou District of Togo were designated as Lossos by the colonial administration, including people who identify themselves as Lama and Nawdba. Therefore, Lambas from the Doufelgou District are still frequently called Losso. The two populations have exercised considerable mutual influence but their languages are different and do not resemble each other.
Language
The Lambas speak a collection of closely related dialects that are grouped together as the Lama language. There are approximately 200,000 native speakers of Lama in Togo and Bénin. Lama most closely resembles the Kabiyé language spoken by the Kabiyé people in the Kozah and Binah Districts of Togo as well as in diaspora points. Lama and Kabiyé are classified under the Grusi, Eastern cluster of the Gur (or Voltaique) group of the Niger-Congo languages. Also included in this cluster are Tem (Cotokoli), Bagou-Koussountou, Lukpa (Logba or Dompago), Delo (Ntribou), and Chala. Speakers of this cluster of languages constitute 28% of the population of Togo and are the second most widely spoken cluster of languages in Togo after the Gbé cluster that includes Éwé, Mina, and Waci.
Ethnic groups in Togo
Ethnic groups in Benin
St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox parish and center for Greek-American life in Tarpon Springs, Florida. Its noted Neo-Byzantine church is located at 36 North Pinellas Avenue.
St. Nicholas hosts an annual Epiphany celebration on January 6, in which Greek Orthodox boys aged 16 to 18 dives into Spring Bayou to retrieve a white wooden cross, said to bring the finder blessings for the year. It is the largest such event in the Western Hemisphere, with thousands in attendance. A statue of an epiphany diver is located in front of the church.
Architecture
The domed main church building, designed by the Eugene Brothers of Chicago, was completed in 1943. Modeled in part after the Hagia Sophia in what is now Istanbul, it melds Byzantine and Gothic Revival styles. It is a local landmark which has been featured on postcards.
Noted features include 23 stained glass windows surrounding the dome depicting episodes in the life of Jesus and the saints, hand-painted by Joseph V. Llorens of Atlanta, and the sixty ton altar, made of Pentelic marble. Within the dome are three large chandeliers imported from Czechoslovakia. The altar was originally part of the Greek exhibit at the 1939 New York World's Fair. It, along with the cathedra, choir stalls, and other components were obtained with help from George Frantzis. A new altar of Carrara marble was installed in 1965.
The interior is richly decorated with icons, many by Greek iconographer George Saclaridis. Forty-one icons, sponsored by various members of the parish, were delivered in 1952, with more added in subsequent years. On December 4, 1969, the icon of Saint Nicholas was observed to have drops of moisture, and some consider it a Weeping Icon.
History
The community traces its history to John Cocoris, a native of Leonidio in Arcadia, Greece, who settled in the area in 1896 and became a prosperous sponge diver and trader. The trade attracted Greek immigrants as well as Greeks from other parts of the U.S. By 1907, the population was large enough to support a Greek Orthodox church, a project put under the supervision of Nicholas Peppas, a native of Aegina. The first church, completed that year at a cost of $300 for the land and $3,500 for construction, was a wood frame structure painted white. Rev. Stamatis Koutouzis was appointed the first parish priest. The parish added a school in 1925.
By 1935, the parish had outgrown the first church and began raising funds toward current structure. Construction began in 1941 and was completed in 1943, when it was consecrated by Archbishop Athenagoras (later Patriarch) at Epiphany. St. Nicholas was by then a significant center of community life as well, with major festivals surrounding Epiphany, Greek Independence Day, and Orthodox Easter. Honoring this, in 1975, the Tarpon Springs Board of Commissioners passed a resolution designating the city the "Epiphany City" of the United States. St. Nicholas was elevated to cathedral status for West Florida in January of 1979.
In January of 2006, His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of the Eastern Orthodox Church, came to St. Nicholas to preside over the Centennial Epiphany service and to throw the cross during the dive.
References
External links
Church website
Interior photo
Churches in Pinellas County, Florida
Greek-American culture in Florida
Churches completed in 1943
Church buildings with domes
Buildings and structures in Tarpon Springs, Florida
1907 establishments in Florida
Greek Orthodox churches in the United States
Byzantine Revival architecture in the United States
Malik Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar (; 1947 – 24 January 2022) was a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from September 2013 to May 2018.
Political career
Rabbani Khar was elected as the member of the National Assembly for the first time from two constituencies, NA-137 and NA-138, in 1990 Pakistani general election.
He was re-elected to the National Assembly for the second time in 1997 Pakistani general election.
Rabbani Khar was the father of Hina Rabbani Khar and the younger brother of Ghulam Mustafa Khar.
He couldn't run in the 2002 Pakistani general election because he did not have an undergraduate degree to his name.
Rabbani Khar contested the seat of National Assembly on a ticket of Pakistan Peoples Party from NA-177 (Muzaffargarh) in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful.
He was re-elected as the member of the National Assembly on a ticket of Pakistan Peoples Party from NA-177 (Muzaffargarh) in by-election held in September 2013. The seat had become vacant after Jamshed Dasti who won it in 2013 election vacated it in order to retain the seat he won in his home constituency NA-178 (Muzaffargarh-III).
Rabbani Khar died on 24 January 2022 at the age of 74.
References
Year of birth missing
20th-century births
2022 deaths
Pakistani MNAs 1990–1993
Pakistani MNAs 1997–1999
Pakistani MNAs 2013–2018
Pakistan People's Party politicians
People from Muzaffargarh District
Ghulam Noor Rabbani
People from Muzaffargarh
Politicians from Muzaffargarh
is a Japanese model and actor who is affiliated with Stardust Promotion.
Filmography
TV series
Films
References
Asaya Kimijima at Wikiinfromer
External links
Official profile at Stardust Promotion
Japanese male models
1987 births
Living people
Male actors from Kanagawa Prefecture
Stardust Promotion artists
Models from Kanagawa Prefecture
Zero is a proprietary game engine created by Pandemic Studios. It was used first in the game Battlezone II: Combat Commander and later used in several Star Wars games including the popular Battlefront series. Battlezone II: Combat Commander and Dark Reign 2 both feature an in-engine editor accessible via commands. The engine was revamped for Star Wars: The Clone Wars to accommodate consoles and third person gameplay. The engine was again retooled for Star Wars: Battlefront and the level editor was made a separate entity from the game engine. A set of modding tools including ZeroEdit, the new level creation tool, were released for use with Star Wars: Battlefront on December 23, 2004. An updated version of the tools were released on February 2, 2006 for Star Wars: Battlefront II. Pandemic used Zero as their primary engine for several of their games developed in their Los Angeles, California studio. A modified version of the Zero engine was also used in Pandemic's Mercenaries 2: World in Flames.
Games using Zero
Battlezone II: Combat Commander (1999)
Dark Reign 2 (2000)
Army Men: RTS (2002)
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2002)
Star Wars: Battlefront (2004)
Star Wars: Battlefront II (2005)
Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction (2005)
Mercenaries 2: World in Flames (2008)
The Lord of the Rings: Conquest (2009)
References
1999 software
Video game engines
"Dirty Mind" is a single by The Pipettes. The first widely available release by the band, "Dirty Mind" was supported by a headline UK mini tour. It is available on CD, 7" vinyl and digital download it was released on 14 November 2005. It prompted the band to make their first music video and garnered airplay on many alternative radio shows including a playlist spot on 6Music. The CD b-sides were all session tracks recorded live for XFM's John Kennedy earlier the same year.
Track listing
CD single
"Dirty Mind"
"Tell Me What You Want" (XFM Session)
"We Are The Pipettes" (XFM Session)
7" single
"Dirty Mind"
"Because It's Not Love (But It's Still a Feeling)"
Chart positions
References
External links
Music video on YouTube
2005 singles
The Pipettes songs
2005 songs
DeSanto-Shinawi (DESSH) syndrome is a rare genetic disorder caused by genetic variations (mutations) in a gene called WW Domain-Containing Adaptor with Coiled-coil Region (the WAC gene). The condition was first described in 2015 in six individuals. The prevalence of DESSH syndrome is unknown at this time, but 25 individuals have been so far described in the medical literature. However, many other individuals with this condition are being studied and characterized. With the increasing utilization of exome and whole genome sequencing, it is anticipated that many more individuals to be identified.
The condition is characterized by a variable degree of developmental delay and intellectual disability, decreased muscle tone (hypotonia), behavioral abnormalities, some facial differences, gastrointestinal and eye abnormalities.
Signs and symptoms
Individuals with DESSH syndrome present in infancy with nonspecific feeding and gastrointestinal problems, such as constipation, feeding difficulties and gastroesophageal reflux as well as hypotonia. They can also exhibit some eye abnormalities, such as strabismus and refractive errors (nearsightedness), and astigmatism and occasionally recurrent respiratory infections. When children get older, they start showing developmental delay and neurobehavioral difficulties. Gross motor delay is very common; for instance independent walking usually starts around 20–30 months of age. Language acquisition is delayed in almost all individuals with DESSH syndrome. Many patients with DESSH syndrome have cognitive disabilities ranging from mild to moderate. Behavioral problems include ADHD, anxiety, aggressive outbursts and some autistic features. There are cases of autism in this population. Facial features of patients with DESSH syndrome include a broad forehead, bushy eyebrows, depressed nasal bridge and a bulbous nasal tip.
Congenital anomalies were also occasionally reported and include eye, kidney, pelvic and limb anomalies.
Some patients in this grouping experience seizures.
Genetics
The condition is caused by WAC mutations that result in a loss of function via either mRNA decay or protein truncation. Most cases of DESSH syndrome are not inherited and affected people typically have no history of the disorder in their family. The genetic changes in the WAC gene occur as random events during the formation of reproductive cells (eggs and sperm) or in early embryonic development. There are 2-3 familial recurrences due to a presumed germline mosaicism. The condition is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis is usually made on patients by technologies such as exome sequencing or whole exome sequencing. Because the recognizable facial features in many patients, it is expected that clinicians would be able to make a clinical diagnosis based on physical exam but molecular confirmatory studies are usually needed.
Treatment
Currently there is no cure for DESSH syndrome and the treatment relies on managing its symptoms. Children with DESSH often require several forms of support, including physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy.
The treatment also involves screening for autism, neurological issues, ocular abnormalities and kidney deficits.
Multiple specialists can be involved in the management of children with DESSH syndrome including developmental pediatricians, neurologists, gastroenterologists, ophthalmologists, psychologists, psychiatrists and geneticists.
References
External links
DESSH.ORG
Dr. Marwan Shinawi MD
Facebook Page for Awareness
Facebook Family Support Page for DESSH Families
Genetic diseases and disorders
Daksharama is one of the five Pancharama Kshetras that are sacred to the Hindu god Siva. The temple is located in Daksharamam town of Konaseema district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Bhimeswara Swamy refers to Lord Siva in this temple.
Etymology
The town was formerly known as Dhakshatapovana and Dhakshavatika. This is the place where Daksha head of all prajapatis did a yagna or yajna called "Nireeswara yaga" or "Nireeswara yagna". This place's present name is a derivative of "Daksha aaraama" which means "Abode of Daksha". This place was also referred to as Daksha vaatika by Jagadguru Shankaracharya/ Adi Shankara in maha shakti peetha sloka at "Maanikye Daksha vaatika" which points to "Maanikyamba devi of Draksharama". The place where Daksha performed "Nireeswara yagna" is still visited by pilgrims here.
History of the temple
Inscriptions in the temple reveal that it was built between the 9th and 10th centuries CE by the Eastern Chalukyan king, Bhima. Architecturally and sculpturally, the temple reflects a blend of Chalukyan and Chola styles.
The temple is historically prominent. It was built by Eastern Chalukyas who reigned over this area. It's believed to have been constructed earlier to the Bhimeswaraswamy temple in SamarlaKota (Samalkot) that was built between 892 C.E. and 922 C.E.
Legend
Daksharama is considered to be the place where Daksha Yagnam happened. Lord Siva sanctified the place after the rampage and carnage carried out at the place by Lord Veerabhadra.
Landmarks
Bheemeswara Swami temple is a big temple which was renovated by eastern chalukyas. Temple has a pushkarini called "Sapta godavari" where sapta rishis brought waters from seven different rivers to create it. One can find saptarishis in a small mantapa located in sapta godavari pushkarini. One can visit kashi viswesara temple constructed by vyasa and agasthyeswara swami who was worshiped by sage Agasthya. There are few mantapas available in the temple compound too. You can find four gopurams around the temple and few temples like kala bhairava, veera bhadra and vatuka bhairava temples inside the temple premises.
Festivals
Maha Siva Ratri and Dasara are the main festivals associated with Draksharama.
Transport
Draksharamama is located at a distance of 25 km from Amalapuram, 28 km from Kakinada and 50 km from Rajahmundry. People can reach Rajahmundry and Kakinada by train and from there by road can reach Daksharamam. State highway connects it with all major towns and cities in India. Frequent bus services are available. The nearest airport is Rajahmundry Airport.
One can reach Draksharama by road, train and air.
Road: One can reach Rajahmundry and take a bus to Ramachandrapuram or One can reach Ravulapalem and take a bus to Ramachandrapuram. From Ramachandrapuram one should take Kotipalli or Yanam and other buses to reach Draksharama.
Train: One can reach Kakinada and take a train to Draksharama but there is only one rail bus running now and it won't run continuously.
Air: One can fly up to Rajahmundry and take a cab from airport to reach Draksharama in one and half hour.
See also
Andhra Vishnu
Pancharama Kshetras
References
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Pancharama Kshetras
Archaeological sites in Andhra Pradesh
Families Belong Together refers both to an advocacy campaign devoted to reuniting immigrant families that were separated at the US-Mexico border by a Trump administration policy introduced in spring 2018, and also specifically to a series of protests on June 30, 2018 in Washington, D.C., New York City, and 700 other cities and towns in the United States. Very large crowds turned out to those events despite heat waves in many areas, including in Washington, D.C.
History
The "zero tolerance" policy introduced by the Trump Administration in spring 2018 was the immediate catalyst for the Families Belong Together mass mobilization in June 2018, as media outlets began reporting on children being held in cages and in detention facilities after having been separated from their parents or guardians after crossing the border. The news organization Pro Publica released widely-circulated audio of one group of children crying. As public shock and outrage grew, a small group of women activists, advocates, and public officials began conferring to organize a public response, including Anna Galland, then Executive Director at MoveOn Civic Action; Jessica Morales Rocketto, then Political Director of the National Domestic Workers Alliance; Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal (D. Wash.); and Ai-jen Poo, Executive Director of the National Domestic Workers Alliance. That group's organizing led to a call for peaceful protests on Saturday, June 30, 2018, and hundreds of thousands of people turned out for those events.
Participants
Many of those protesting in June 2018 had participated in previous anti-Trump protests and actions, while others were new to immigration activism, with parents who felt called into action based on the reported stories of separations. Protesters at the events in June 2018 participated in both major cities and also more rural regions like Appalachia and Wyoming. Protests were also held internationally. Some protesters compared the detainment of children by the U.S. government to the Nazi concentration camps.
Support from celebrities and other public figures
A number of prominent public figures spoke out around the time of the June 2018 protests to criticize the Trump Administration's policy. Former First Lady Laura Bush issued a statement saying the policy "broke her heart."
Celebrities who appeared at protests around the country included:
Washington DC: Lin-Manuel Miranda, America Ferrara, Alicia Keys, Diane Guerrero
Los Angeles: Laura Dern, Mira Sorvino, Chrissy Teigen, John Legend, Lea Thompson, Patton Oswalt, Laverne Cox, Chadwick Boseman, David Arquette
New York City: Kerry Washington, Alysia Reiner, Amy Schumer, Padma Lakshmi, Vincent D'Onofrio, Carrie Coon, Alec Baldwin, Ellen Page
San Francisco: Joan Baez
Counter-protests
At some of the locations there were counterprotesters, resulting in at least one arrest. A counter-protester was arrested at Huntsville, Alabama after displaying a gun, and reportedly stating "I will shoot everyone here." In Phoenix, Arizona, about 25 counter-protesters from patriot movement proclaimed their opposition to the protests using signs and a megaphone, and engaging others at the protests near Arizona State Capitol, while the event remained mostly peaceful.
Locations
United States
International
Gallery
See also
List of protest marches on Washington, D.C.
References
External links
2018 protests
Articles containing video clips
Protests against Donald Trump
June 2018 events in the United States
2018 in American politics
Immigration to the United States
Immigration policy of Donald Trump
Immigration-related protests
Rožni Dol (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1526, but was extensively rebuilt in the Baroque style in the mid 18th century.
References
External links
Rožni Dol at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Ihor Vitiv (born April 1, 1984) is a Ukrainian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Playing career
Vitiv began his career in 2001 with FC Skala Stryi in the Ukrainian Second League. After several years in the third tier he achieved promotion to the Ukrainian First League with Obolon Kiev in 2005. He primarily played with their reserve squad FC Obolon-2 Kyiv in the Druha Liga. After failing to make an appearance with Obolon he was transferred to FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne. He later had stints with FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva, and FC Desna Chernihiv before heading abroad to play in the Armenian Premier League with FC Banants in 2010.
After a season in Armenia he returned to play with Desna Chernihiv. The following season he went across the border to Poland to play with Resovia in the III liga. He returned to Ukraine in 2011 to play with FC Metalurh-2 Zaporizhzhia, FC Poltava, and won promotion to the Persha Liga in 2013 with FC Stal Kamianske. In 2015, he went overseas to play in the Canadian Soccer League with Toronto Atomic FC. In his debut season he was named the CSL Goalkeeper of the Year in the Second Division.
In 2018, he played indoor soccer with Ukraine AC in the Arena Premier League. He returned to the Canadian Soccer League for the 2019 season to play with FC Ukraine United.
References
1984 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Skala Stryi (1911) players
FC Obolon-2 Kyiv players
FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne players
FC Arsenal-Kyivshchyna Bila Tserkva players
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Urartu players
FC Metalurh-2 Zaporizhzhia players
FC Poltava players
FC Karlivka players
FC Stal Kamianske players
Toronto Atomic FC players
FC Ukraine United players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Association football goalkeepers
Ukrainian First League players
Armenian Premier League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Hail the Sun is an American post-hardcore band from Chico, California. Formed in 2009. the band currently consists of lead vocalist and drummer Donovan Melero, lead guitarist Shane Gann, rhythm guitarist Aric Garcia, and bass guitarist John Stirrat. They are known for their eclectic progressive rock and math rock style, along with traditional elements of screamo and post-hardcore. They released their debut studio album, POW! Right In the Kisser! (2010), and EP, Elephantitis (2012), independently before signing to Blue Swan Records the following year. The group released their sophomore studio album, Wake, in 2014. In 2016, the band departed from the label, signing to Equal Vision Records and released their third studio album, Culture Scars on June 17, 2016, which charted at number 38 on the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart.
In 2017, the band released their second EP, Secret Wars, which was met with critical acclaim and was noted for the group's heavier and technical post-hardcore sound. They released their fourth studio album, Mental Knife, on September 28, 2018.
Hail the Sun has toured with Dance Gavin Dance, I the Mighty, Circa Survive, and Silverstein, among others. They have also performed at numerous music festivals such as Chain Fest at the Chain Reaction, South By So What?!, Horns Up Festival, and Swanfest.
History
2009–13: Formation, POW! Right In the Kisser, and Elephantitis
Originating in Chico, California, members Donovan Melero, Shane Gann, Aric Garcia, and John Stirrat formed Hail the Sun in 2009 whilst in college. They wrote and recorded their debut full-length studio album, POW! Right In the Kisser!, over the course of three months, which was released on May 21, 2010.
The band released the EP album, Elephantitis, on July 3, 2012. The creative process was heavily influenced by other post-hardcore musical groups the Fall of Troy and Hot Cross, and was dubbed "a sort of paradigm shift in the way post-hardcore can be played, combining a progressive hammer-on-pull-off heavy style of guitar playing and more free range drumming with a huge decrease in riffage, conventional time signatures and simplistic song structures resulted in a spastic, technically savvy sound which fit right in with the high energy mood and feel post-hardcore was known for."
2014–17: Wake, Culture Scars, and Secret Wars EP
After three years of extensive touring, Hail the Sun became acquainted with Sacramento, California-based post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance, eventually signing to Will Swan's independent record label Blue Swan Records. Hail the Sun released their sophomore studio album, Wake, on September 23, 2014 through the label, to critical acclaim. Throughout 2014 and 2015, Hail the Sun toured extensively on respective tours from I the Mighty, Too Close to Touch, Dance Gavin Dance, A Lot Like Birds, the Ongoing Concept, Stolas, Polyphia, Our Last Night, Palisades, among several others. On December 3, 2015, it was revealed that the group had parted ways with Blue Swan Records and signed with record label Equal Vision Records, releasing a new demo version of the song, "Paranoia". On March 25, 2016, the band released the official version of the single, "Paranoia". On April 27, it was announced that Hail the Sun was set to release their third studio album, Culture Scars, on June 17, 2016. The band is touring on the 2016 Vans Warped Tour.
Speaking about the band's third album, Culture Scars, guitarist Shane Gann said "Culture Scars is a term we came up with to refer to those scars, both physical and emotional, that come about due to certain things that society deems as normal and acceptable. We don't normally put much thought into the amount of pain that may be caused by dirty politics, found within a family with a 'problem child', or existing behind the scenes of an adult entertainment shoot. These themes are so commonplace in the world, and yet there is often so much trauma and hurt that is brought about by all these scenarios. We wanted to shed some light on the darker side of what we think of as normalcy."
On November 8, 2017, Hail the Sun released the single "1109" and announced their extended play (EP), Secret Wars, which was released on November 10, 2017.
2018: Mental Knife
On January 2, 2018, Hail the Sun published a statement confirming that they were recording their upcoming fourth studio album with producer Beau Burchell of American post-hardcore band Saosin. The band released two new songs from the album on June 20, 2018, with the entirety of 'Mental Knife' later releasing on September 28, 2018.
2019-present: New Age Filth
On September 4, 2019, Hail the Sun posted a post announcing their new single and video on their Facebook page. The band later announced re-entering the studio to record their next studio album New Age Filth. On April 16th, 2021, their fifth studio album was released.
Music and influence
Donovan Melero's vocal style has been often compared to that of recording artist Anthony Green of Circa Survive and Saosin's vocal style. Hail the Sun has been labelled as a post-hardcore band using elements of screamo, progressive rock, and math rock in its music.
Members
Current members
Donovan Melero - lead vocals (2009–present), drums, percussion (2009-2021)
Shane Gann - guitar, backing vocals (2009–present)
Aric Garcia - guitar (2009–present)
John Stirrat - bass (2009–present)
Discography
Studio albums
POW! Right In the Kisser! (2010)
Wake (Blue Swan Records, 2014)
Culture Scars (Equal Vision, 2016)
Mental Knife (Equal Vision, 2018)
New Age Filth (Equal Vision, 2021)
EPs
Elephantitis (2012)
Secret Wars (Equal Vision, 2017)
References
Chico, California
American post-hardcore musical groups
Musical groups from Chico, California
Equal Vision Records artists
Megan Page or Paige may refer to:
Megan Page, see 2012 Women's World Junior Squash Championships
Megan Page, musician in Frightwig
Megan Paige, character in The Alphabet Killer
Poecilopsyra is a monotypic genus of katydids or bush crickets native to Malesia. The single (type) species, Poecilopsyra octoseriata, was originally taken from Borneo.
References
Phaneropterinae
Orthoptera of Asia
Monotypic Orthoptera genera
(Peony lantern kaidan) is a story inspired by the Chinese influenced kaidan Botan Dōrō. Published as a stenography narrated and created by the rakugo artist San'yūtei Enchō and written with the aid of both Sakai Shōzō (酒井昇造) and Wakabayashi Kanzō (若林玵蔵). Published in 1886, it is considered a famous kaidan in Japan.
Content and style
Kaidan Botan Dōrō is inspired by the Chinese influenced Botan dōrō, a story in which a young man falls in love with the spirit of a beautiful young woman. Nevertheless, San'yūtei's telling of the popular myth also tells the novel story of a young shoeman, Kōsuke, and his quest to avenge his deceased master. This adds a new story to the Botan dōrō myth and develops the relationships with the main characters. The book contains twenty-one chapters and a final chapter.
Written in a vernacular Japanese, Kaidan Botan Dōrō is one of the first books written in the unified language or Ichitai genbun, a free speech style resembling the spoken language of the time (Meiji era).
Publication and influence
The book was first serialised in a newspaper and published every Sunday. It has also contributed to the success of publishing stenographies during the Meiji era.
Kaidan Botan Dōrō has had a notable influence on consequent versions, which are usually loosely based in San'yūtei's version of the story, including most theatre and cinematographic productions of the myth.
The stories
The book can be divided into three main parts: the Tale of Kōsuke and his master Iijima, Shinzaburō and his ghost lover O-Tsuyu, and Kōsuke's revenge. The two first parts take place during the sixteen first chapters. Chapters seventeen through twenty-one tell the story of Kōsuke's revenge.
The sixteen first chapters are divided between two groups: odd chapters (Kōsuke and Iijima) and even chapters (Shinzaburō and O-Tsuyu).
Chapters 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, and 15 explain how Iijima Heizaemon, a notable hatamoto, killed a drunken samurai and how eighteen years later, the latter's son, Kōsuke, became Iijima's servant. Iijima is fooled by his wife, O-Kuni, who cheats on him with Iijima's nephew Genjirō and the adulterers plan to kill the master. However, the hatamoto is killed in an accident and Kōsuke swears revenge. O-Kuni and her lover eventually flee the house of Iijima.
Chapters 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16 explain how Shinzaburō, a charming young man, meets Iijima's only daughter O-Tsuyu. They fall in love with each other but social class prevents them from being together. O-Tsuyu dies longing for the young man and returns during the Festival of spirits (O-Bon), to visit her lover. Shinzaburō's neighbours and servants, Tomozō and his wife O-Mine, learn of the young man's misfortune but in the end help the spirit consume Shinzaburō's soul in exchange for money. Tomozō and his wife then flee the neighbourhood.
All chapters after 17 explain how in a twist of events, Tomozō meets O-Kuni and both start a love affair resulting in the murder of Tomozō's wife. O-Kuni is finally faced with Kōsuke and Tomozō is arrested for his wife's murder. In the final chapters Kōsuke meets his mother who left him alone as a child.
References
Noriko Reider, "The Emergence of Kaidan-shu: The Collection of Tales of the Strange and Mysterious in the Edo Period." Asian Folklore Studies 60 (2001): p.79-99.
Reider, Noriko T. 2002. Tales of the Supernatural in Early Modern Japan: Kaidan, Akinari, Ugetsu Monogatari. Edwin Mellen Press.
Shirane, Haruo, ed. “Early Yomihon: History, Romance, and the Supernatural.” In Early Modern Japanese Literature. New York: Columbia University Press, 2002.
Okuno, Shintarō, "Commentary to Kaidan Botan Dōrō (in Japanese-解説)." In Kaidan Botan Dōrō 怪談牡丹燈籠, Iwanami bunko, 2003, p. 295-308.
1886 books
Chinese folklore
Japanese folklore
The Empresa Metropolitana de Transportes Urbanos de São Paulo, or EMTU, is a company owned by the Secretaria de Estado dos Transportes Metropolitanos (STM) (). Created in 1977, it is responsible for the transport, by bus, of 5 million people in the Greater São Paulo area.
See also
São Paulo Metro
Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos - São Paulo's Metropolitan Train Company
SPTrans - São Paulo Transport
Trolleybuses in São Paulo
References
External links
Official page of EMTU
Empresa Metropolitana de Transportes Urbanos de São Paulo
Transport companies established in 1977
Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary (established in 1979, also known as the Jawaharlal Nehru Bustard Sanctuary of Maharashtra) is a wildlife sanctuary for the great Indian bustard (Ardeotis nigriceps) at Solapur, Maharashtra, India. The land is drought-prone and semi-arid. It is in the Deccan thorn scrub forests ecoregion.maharasthtra
Maharashtra is one of the six states of India where great Indian bustards (Ardeotis nigriceps) are still seen. The great Indian bustard at Nannaj and Karmala was first identified By Mr B.S.Kulkarni in 1972 and with his constant efforts to save the bird had resulted in Dr. Salim Ali visiting Nannaj and starting a research project. Mr Kulkarni wrote extensively in local newspapers and made people aware of its existence and he is still active in trying to protect the bird and its habitat at Nannaj, near Solapur. In former days the bustard was a common bird in the dry districts of Maharashtra.
Data on the sanctuary
Coordinates - 17°49′36.2″N 75°52′10.9″E
Year of establishment- 1979
Size -
Climate - Dry, mild winter. Hot summer (40 °C to 43 °C )
Temperature - 13 °C to 42 °C
Topography - Gentle undulations, with isolated hillocks of 450-500 msl.
Habitat - 6A/01 Southern Tropical Thorn Forest (Champion and Seth 1968)
Biogeographic Zone - Deccan Peninsula
Breeding Status - Breeds in Nannaj and some other DPAP plots.
Nesting season - Monsoon (July–October)
Figure of bustards according to census 2009 - Total 21 ( 13 females and 8 males)
Drought Prone Areas Programme (DPAP) Plots
In 1975 the Drought Prone Areas Programme (DPAP), financed by the World Bank, was initiated in Solapur district . Establishment of pastures and woodlots by the forest department under DPAP resulted in regeneration of wildlife, benefited by the protection of their habitat (Rahamani, A. R. Final Report 1989, BNHS).
Habitat types in Nannaj plots
Habitat of Nannaj can be broadly divided into five main types (Manakadan, R. and Rahmani, A. R. 1986 Annual Report No. 3, BNHS, Rahmani, A. R. Final Report 1989 BNHS).
Grassland plots - Mardi 100 and Mardi 50 plots are pure grassland, with few young Acacia nilotica trees and Cassia auriculata bushes. Prominent grasses are Aristida funiculate, Aristida stocksii, Chrysopogon fulvus, Heteropogon contortus, Lodhopogon tridentatus, Melanocenchris jacquemontii.
Woodlot (Nannaj plots)- In some of the areas the following trees were planted by the forest department: Acacia nilotica, Albizia lebbeck, Gliricidia sepium, Dalbergia sissoo, Azadirachta indica, Hardwickia binata, Sapindus emarginatus and Tamarindus indica. These plots have become extremely thick in the past years, and the grassland has been converted to woodland.
Grazing land
Stony grazing land
Crop fields
Habitat utilization and preference by great Indian bustard
Maximum sightings of bustards are seen at pure grassland areas, and no bird is recorded in dense woodlots.
Bustards prefer wide open short grass plains and open scrubland with scattered trees. Bustards need open habitat for the following purposes:
Nesting
Display
Foraging
Roosting'Need for habitat management
Some of the areas like Nannaj 10 ha (close to mardi, 100 hectare) and Karamba (also close to Mardi, 50 hectare) were planted with exotic plant species like Gliricidia sepium, Azadirachta indica. Because of the dense growth of weeds like Hyptis suaveolens and Lantana camara, these areas became dense woodlands.
Pictures taken from Google Earth effectively shows how dramatically habitat has changed from scrubland and grassland to dense woodland. The idea of no tree plantain proposed by some and other are not proper there has to be some trees which are not tall and there has to be the proper grassland so that the bird can hide and fly. If the camouflage is not there the bird has chance to fall prey to poachers.
Recommendations
No tree planting - It is believed to be better to have fewer trees or bushes in the core areas than to have too many of them.
Maintenance of grassland - very thick and dense grasses are not preferred by bustards. In such cases thinning, cutting would be useful to maintain the grassland at the optimum suitability for the bustards.
These recommendations were included in management plan of the sanctuary but nothing much was done for the management of grasslands in Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary, Nannaj, Solapur.
Removal of trees by the forest department
With reference to above recommendations in the management plan, Forest Department (Wildlife Division) Pune submitted a proposal to PCCF Maharashtra in 2006 for the uprooting and cutting of trees like Gliricidia and Lantana in Nannaj and Karamba areas. With allotments of funds, actual work started in March 2008 under the guidance of Conservator of Forest (Wildlife Division) Pune Dr. Y L P Rao.
Total 25 hectares of land was cleared out of trees, of which 10 hectares at Nannaj 10 ha area (near Kale Talav) and 15 hectares at Karamba (near Mardi 50 hectare). Trees like Gliricidia, Neem and Lantana were cut and then uprooted so as to prevent their regrowth. A total of 15,240 trees were uprooted from 25 hectares of land.
On 15 August 2009, an observer saw one male great Indian bustard in the newly opened Nannaj 10 (Near Kale Talav) plot. The bustard was seen foraging and the observer continued to observe the bird for about 45 minutes in 10 ha (from 7:15 to 8:00 am). Then the bustard crossed the TCM by walking and entered the Mardi 100 hectare area.
The following species of birds have been observed in newly opened areas:
Great Indian bustard (Ardeotis nigriceps)
Indian bushlark (Mirafra erythroptera)
Ashy-crowned sparrow-lark (Eremopterix grisea)
Rufous-tailed lark (Ammomanes phoenicurus)
Southern grey shrike (Lanius meridionalis)
Yellow-wattled lapwing (Vanellus malabaricus)
Red-necked falcon (Falco chicquera)
White-eyed buzzard (Butastur teesa)
Rock bush quail (Perdicula argoondah)
Barred buttonquail (Turnix suscitator)
Grey francolin (Francolinus pondicerianus)
Eurasian collared dove (Streptopelia decaocto)
Pied bushchat (Saxicola caprata)
Common myna (Acridotheres tristis)
Large grey babbler (Turdoides malcolmi)
Indian silverbill (Lonchura malabarica'')
A majority of the above-mentioned species are grassland birds. These observations suggest the acceptance of newly opened habitat by great Indian bustard and also by various other bird species. The Forest Department has proposed to uproot about more 5,244 trees in Mardi, Akolekati and Karamba plots. This will help in restoration of proper habitat for bustards.
See also
Wildlife of India
Great Indian bustard
List of birds of India
References
Ali & Ripley S. D.(1969) : Handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan, Vol 2 pp 188–201, Oxford University Press, Delhi.
B S KulkarniEcology and Behaviour of Great Indian Bustard BNHS Journal VOl 78(2) Dt - 28-8-81 pages 375-77
Manakadan, R & Rahamani A. R. (1986) : Study of Ecology of certain Endangered Species of Wildlife and their Habitat: the Great Indian Bustard. Annual report No 3, Pp 100. Bombay Natural History Society.
Asad R Rahmani, Ranjit Mankadan (1988) : Bustard Sanctuaries of India, Strategies for their conservation and management, Technical report No. 13, Pp 40. BNHS.
Asad R Rahamani, The Great Indian Bustard, Final Report (1989), pp 234. Bombay Natural History Society
Islam, M. Z. and Rahmani A. R. Threatened birds of India, BUCEROS, Vol 7. No.1& 2. (2002). Compiled from Threatened Birds of Asia. BirdLife International Red Data Book (2001). Cambridge,U.K. : BirdLife International.
Rahmani, A.R. (2002). Protection of Nannaj Bustard area, Solapur Maharashtra. Pp 9. BNHS.IBCN,Mumbai.
Shendre, N (2002), Management Plan Great IndianBustard Sanctuary, Maharashtra. Government of Maharashtra.
Islam, M.Z. and Rahmani A.R. (2004) Important Bird Areas in India : Priority Sites for Conservation. IBCN, BNHS, BirdLife International U K. Pp xviii + 1133
Rahmani, A R, (2006), Need to start Project Bustard. Pp 20. BNHS.
Government of India Task force on Grassland and Deserts Report. (2006), Planning Commission. New Delhi. Pp 32.
Much of the article is based on the following report: http://www.kolkatabirds.com/bustardhabitat.htm
Wildlife sanctuaries in Maharashtra
Environment of Maharashtra
Tourist attractions in Solapur district
1979 establishments in Maharashtra
William Woodburn Skiles (December 11, 1849 – January 9, 1904) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1904.
W.W. Skiles is buried in Oakland Cemetery in Shelby, Ohio.
Biography
Born in Stoughstown, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, on December 11, 1849 to John Gettis Skiles (c1820-1891) and Sarah Jane Martin (1823-1913), both of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. His grandfather was William Martin. Siblings of W. W. Skiles were Mary Caroline Cramer (1847-1920), George M. Skiles (1852-1916), John Clark Skiles (1855-1906), Jennie Smith (1857-1939), Valletta Bell (1861-1945), and Burgetta Crum (1863-1925). Sarah Jane Martin had at least three sisters: Mary Hahn (-1867), Martha E. Mattoon (-1893), and Susan B. Roberts (1831-1910)
Skiles moved with his parents to Richland County, Ohio, in 1854 and attended the district schools in Shelby, Ohio.
He taught school for several years before graduating from Baldwin University in Berea, Ohio, in 1876.
In 1877, Skiles married E. Dora Matson of Shelby, and had two children.
He then studied law, was admitted to the bar on July 24, 1878, and commenced the practice of his profession in Shelby, Ohio in partnership with his brother as Skiles and Skiles.
He was interested as a stockholder and director in various manufacturing enterprises.
He served as president of the Citizens Bank from 1893 until his death.
He served as president and member of the Shelby City School Board 1885–1904.
He served as member of the Republican State central committee 1900–1904.
Congress
Skiles was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses and served from March 4, 1901, until his death in Shelby, Ohio, January 9, 1904.
He served as chairman of the Committee on Patents (Fifty-eighth Congress).
Congress
He died January 9, 1904, and was interred in Oakland Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
1849 births
1904 deaths
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
People from Shelby, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Puyehue (Mapudungun: Puye (small fish), hue (place)) may refer to:
Puyehue Lake
Puyehue Volcano
Puyehue National Park
Cardenal Antonio Samoré Pass formerly known as Puyehue Pass
Puyehue, Chile a commune in Osorno Province
Puyehue Hot Springs
The Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) was the government of Ghana from June 4, 1979, to September 24, 1979.
4 June military coup
The AFRC came to power in a coup that removed the Supreme Military Council, another military regime, from power. The June 4 coup was preceded by an abortive attempt on May 15, 1979, when Flt. Lt. Jerry Rawlings and other ranks were arrested. Their trial only served to make them popular till they were eventually released on the morning of June 4 by young officers and noncommissioned officers inspired by Rawlings. During the fighting that ensued throughout the day, a number of military personnel lost their lives. These include Major General Odartey-Welllington who led the government's resistance to the coup d'état. Others who fell that day included another officer, Colonel Joseph Enningful who was a former Commander of the Support Services of the Ghana Armed Forces. Other soldiers who died that day include Second-Lieutenant J. Agyemang Bio, Corporal William Tingan, Lance Corporal Sorkpor, Trooper Samuel Larsey, Trooper Emmanuel Koranteng-Apau, Lance Corporal Gabriel Follivi and Lance Corporal Mamudu Kalifa. They were all buried with full military honours at the Osu Military Cemetery in Accra.
House cleaning exercise
The regime started a 'House cleaning' exercise against corruption. Three former military leaders of Ghana, Lt. Gen. Afrifa, Gen. Acheampong and Lt. Gen. Akuffo were all executed together with five other senior officers deemed to have been corrupt by the special courts set up by the government. Numerous business entrepreneurs were also targeted and unlawfully had their assets confiscated by the AFRC government including J. K. Siaw.
The AFRC allowed already scheduled elections to go ahead and handed over to the duly elected Dr. Hilla Limann of the People's National Party who became the only president of the Third Republic of Ghana.
Membership
The AFRC consisted of 15 members.
Captain Henry Smith – one of the architects of the uprising and described by officers and soldiers in June 1979 as the officer who was responsible for the success of the uprising – declined membership of the AFRC. He was, nevertheless, given the portfolio of "special duties" and was also put in charge of the Foreign Affairs ministry.
Lieutenant Commander H. C. Apaloo died in a road traffic accident before the end of AFRC rule.
Commissioners
Commissioners were in place of Ministers of state and most carried on from the previous government. A number of commissioners had to cover additional ministries during the period of the AFRC.
See also
History of Ghana (1966–79)
References
Conflicts in 1979
Military of Ghana
Military coups in Ghana
Governments of Ghana
Politics of Ghana
1979 establishments in Ghana
1979 disestablishments in Ghana
June 1979 events in Africa
July 1979 events in Africa
August 1979 events in Africa
September 1979 events in Africa
1970s coups d'état and coup attempts
Obendoffers Creek (also known as Obendorfers Creek) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. It is approximately long and flows through Exeter Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . It is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. The surficial geology in its vicinity consists of alluvium, alluvial fan, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, Wisconsinan Till, and bedrock.
Course
Obendoffers Creek begins in a valley to the northwest of Peterson Mountain in Exeter Township. It flows northeast for a few tenths of a mile before turning east-northeast as its valley deepens. After several tenths of a mile, the creek turns east-southeast for several tenths of a mile. It then turns southeast and crosses Pennsylvania Route 92 before turning east. The creek then turns east for several hundred feet before reaching its confluence with the Susquehanna River.
Obendoffers Creek joins the Susquehanna River upriver of its mouth.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Obendoffers Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is between above sea level.
The surficial geology in the vicinity of the mouth of Obendoffers Creek consists of alluvial fan and alluvium, both of which contain stratified sand, silt, and gravel. Further upstream, there is alluvium, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and bedrock consisting of coal, conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. However, in the vicinity of the creek's upper reaches, the surficial geology mainly consists of the bedrock and a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till.
One proposed route for the Susquehanna-Roseland 500 kV Transmission Line would pass through the watershed of Obendoffers Creek.
Watershed
The watershed of Obendoffers Creek has an area of . The creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Pittston.
History
Obendoffers Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1182856. The creek is also known as Obendorfers Creek.
PPL Corporation once requested a permit to discharge stormwater associated with construction activities into Obendoffers Creek and a number of other nearby streams. A bridge carrying State Route 1038/Obendorfers Road crosses the creek as well. A bridge replacement/rehabilitation project has been programmed for the bridge, which is structurally deficient.
Biology
The drainage basin of Obendoffers Creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery.
See also
Hicks Creek, next tributary of the Susquehanna River going downriver
Gardner Creek (Susquehanna River), next tributary of the Susquehanna River going upriver
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of the Susquehanna River
Rivers of Pennsylvania
This is a list of notable people who were born or have lived in Voronezh, Russia.
Born in Voronezh
18th century
Yevgeny Bolkhovitinov (1767–1837), Orthodox Metropolitan of Kiev and Galicia
Mikhail Pavlov (1792–1840), Russian academic and professor at Moscow University
19th century
1801–1850
Aleksey Koltsov (1809–1842), Russian poet
Ivan Nikitin (1824–1861), Russian poet
Nikolai Ge (1831–1894), Russian realist painter famous for his works on historical and religious motifs
Vasily Sleptsov (1836–1878), Russian writer and social reformer
Nikolay Kashkin (1839–1920), Russian music critic
1851–1900
Valentin Zhukovski (1858–1918), Russian orientalist
Vasily Goncharov (1861–1915), Russian film director and screenwriter, one of the pioneers of the film industry in the Russian Empire
Anastasiya Verbitskaya (1861–1928), Russian novelist, playwright, screenplay writer, publisher and feminist
Mikhail Olminsky (1863–1933), Russian Communist
Serge Voronoff (1866–1951), French surgeon of Russian extraction
Andrei Shingarev (1869–1918), Russian doctor, publicist and politician
Ivan Bunin (1870–1953), the first Russian writer to win the Nobel Prize for Literature
Alexander Ostuzhev (1874–1953), Russian and Soviet drama actor
Valerian Albanov (1881–1919), Russian navigator and polar explorer
Jan Hambourg (1882–1947), Russian violinist, a member of a famous musical family
Volin (1882–1945), anarchist
Boris Hambourg (1885–1954), Russian cellist who made his career in the USA, Canada, England and Europe
Boris Eikhenbaum (1886–1959), Russian and Soviet literary scholar, and historian of Russian literature
Anatoly Durov (1887–1928), Russian animal trainer
Samuil Marshak (1887–1964), Russian and Soviet writer, translator and children's poet
Eduard Shpolsky (1892–1975), Russian and Soviet physicist and educator
George of Syracuse (1893–1981), Eastern Orthodox archbishop of the Ecumenical Patriarchate
Yevgeny Gabrilovich (1899–1993), Soviet screenwriter
Semyon Krivoshein (1899–1978), Soviet tank commander; Lieutenant General
Andrei Platonov (1899–1951), Soviet Russian writer, playwright and poet
Ivan Pravov (1899–1971), Russian and Soviet film director and screenwriter
William Dameshek (1900–1969), American hematologist
20th century
1901–1930
Ivan Nikolaev (1901–1979), Soviet architect and educator
Galina Shubina (1902–1980), Russian poster and graphics artist
Pavel Cherenkov (1904–1990), Soviet physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in physics in 1958 with Ilya Frank and Igor Tamm for the discovery of Cherenkov radiation, made in 1934
Yakov Kreizer (1905–1969), Soviet field commander, General of the army and Hero of the Soviet Union
Iosif Rudakovsky (1914–1947), Soviet chess master
Pawel Kassatkin (1915–1987), Russian writer
Alexander Shelepin (1918–1994), Soviet state security officer and party statesman
Grigory Baklanov (1923–2009), Russian writer
Gleb Strizhenov (1923–1985), Soviet actor
Vladimir Zagorovsky (1925–1994), Russian chess grandmaster of correspondence chess and the fourth ICCF World Champion between 1962 and 1965
Konstantin Feoktistov (1926–2009), cosmonaut and engineer
Vitaly Vorotnikov (1926–2012), Soviet statesman
Arkady Davidowitz (1930), writer and aphorist
1931–1950
Grigory Sanakoev (1935), Russian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster, most famous for being the twelfth ICCF World Champion (1984–1991)
Yuri Zhuravlyov (1935), Russian mathematician
Mykola Koltsov (1936–2011), Soviet footballer and Ukrainian football children and youth trainer
Vyacheslav Ovchinnikov (1936), Russian composer
Iya Savvina (1936–2011), Soviet film actress
Tamara Zamotaylova (1939), Soviet gymnast, who won four Olympic medals at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics
Yury Smolyakov (1941), Soviet Olympic fencer
Yevgeny Lapinsky (1942–1999), Soviet Olympic volleyball player
Galina Bukharina (1945), Soviet athlete
Vladimir Patkin (1945), Soviet Olympic volleyball player
Vladimir Proskurin (1945), Soviet Russian football player and coach
Aleksandr Maleyev (1947), Soviet artistic gymnast
Valeri Nenenko (1950), Russian professional football coach and player
1951–1970
Vladimir Rokhlin, Jr. (1952), Russian-American mathematician and professor of computer science and mathematics at the Yale University
Lyubov Burda (1953), Russian artistic gymnast
Mikhail Khryukin (1955), Russian swimmer
Aleksandr Tkachyov (1957), Russian gymnast and two times Olympic Champion
Nikolai Vasilyev (1957), Russian professional football coach and player
Aleksandr Babanov (1958), Russian professional football coach and player
Sergey Koliukh (1960), Russian political figure; 4th Mayor of Voronezh
Yelena Davydova (1961), Soviet gymnast
Aleksandr Borodyuk (1962), Russian football manager and former international player for USSR and Russia
Aleksandr Chayev (1962), Russian swimmer
Elena Fanailova (1962), Russian poet
Alexander Litvinenko (1962–2006), officer of the Russian FSB and political dissident
Yuri Shishkin (1963), Russian professional football coach and player
Yuri Klinskikh (1964–2000), Russian musician, singer, songwriter, arranger, founder rock band Sektor Gaza
Yelena Ruzina (1964), athlete
Igor Bragin (1965), footballer
Gennadi Remezov (1965), Russian professional footballer
Valeri Shmarov (1965), Russian football player and coach
Konstantin Chernyshov (1967), Russian chess grandmaster
Igor Pyvin (1967), Russian professional football coach and player
Vladimir Bobrezhov (1968), Soviet sprint canoer
1971–1980
Oleg Gorobiy (1971), Russian sprint canoer
Anatoli Kanishchev (1971), Russian professional association footballer
Ruslan Mashchenko (1971), Russian hurdler
Aleksandr Ovsyannikov (1974), Russian professional footballer
Dmitri Sautin (1974), Russian diver who has won more medals than any other Olympic diver
Sergey Verlin (1974), Russian sprint canoer
Maxim Narozhnyy (1975–2011), Paralympian athlete
Aleksandr Cherkes (1976), Russian football coach and player
Andrei Durov (1977), Russian professional footballer
Nikolai Kryukov (1978), Russian artistic gymnast
Kirill Gerstein (1979), Jewish American and Russian pianist
Evgeny Ignatov (1979), Russian sprint canoeist
Aleksey Nikolaev (1979), Russian-Uzbekistan footballer
Aleksandr Palchikov (1979), former Russian professional football player
Konstantin Skrylnikov (1979), Russian professional footballer
Aleksandr Varlamov (1979), Russian diver
Angelina Yushkova (1979), Russian gymnast
Maksim Potapov (1980), professional ice hockey player
1981–1990
Alexander Krysanov (1981), Russian professional ice hockey forward
Yulia Nachalova (1981–2019), Soviet and Russian singer, actress and television presenter
Andrei Ryabykh (1982), Russian football player
Maxim Shchyogolev (1982), Russian theatre and film actor
Eduard Vorganov (1982), Russian professional road bicycle racer
Anton Buslov (1983–2014), Russian astrophysicist, blogger, columnist at The New Times magazine and expert on transportation systems
Dmitri Grachyov (1983), Russian footballer
Aleksandr Kokorev (1984), Russian professional football player
Dmitry Kozonchuk (1984), Russian professional road bicycle racer for Team Katusha
Alexander Khatuntsev (1985), Russian professional road bicycle racer
Egor Vyaltsev (1985), Russian professional basketball player
Samvel Aslanyan (1986), Russian handball player
Maksim Chistyakov (1986), Russian football player
Yevgeniy Dorokhin (1986), Russian sprint canoer
Daniil Gridnev (1986), Russian professional footballer
Vladimir Moskalyov (1986), Russian football referee
Elena Danilova (1987), Russian football forward
Sektor Gaza (1987–2000), punk band
Regina Moroz (1987), Russian female volleyball player
Roman Shishkin (1987), Russian footballer
Viktor Stroyev (1987), Russian footballer
Elena Terekhova (1987), Russian international footballer
Natalia Goncharova (1988), Russian diver
Yelena Yudina (1988), Russian skeleton racer
Dmitry Abakumov (1989), Russian professional association football player
Igor Boev (1989), Russian professional racing cyclist
Ivan Dobronravov (1989), Russian actor
Anna Bogomazova (1990), Russian kickboxer, martial artist, professional wrestler and valet
Yuriy Kunakov (1990), Russian diver
Vitaly Melnikov (1990), Russian backstroke swimmer
Kristina Pravdina (1990), Russian female artistic gymnast
Vladislav Ryzhkov (1990), Russian footballer
1991–2000
Darya Stukalova (1994), Russian Paralympic swimmer
Viktoria Komova (1995), Russian Olympic gymnast
Vitali Lystsov (1995), Russian professional footballer
Marina Nekrasova (1995), Russian-born Azerbaijani artistic gymnast
Vladislav Parshikov (1996), Russian football player
Dmitri Skopintsev (1997), Russian footballer
Alexander Eickholtz (1998) American sportsman
Angelina Melnikova (2000), Russian Olympic gymnast
Lived in Voronezh
Aleksey Khovansky (1814–1899), editor
Ivan Kramskoi (1837–1887), Russian painter and art critic
Mitrofan Pyatnitsky (1864–1927), Russian musician
Mikhail Tsvet (1872–1919), Russian botanist
Alexander Kuprin (1880–1960), Russian painter, a member of the Jack of Diamonds group
Osip Mandelstam (1891–1938), Russian poet
Gavriil Troyepolsky (1905–1995), Soviet writer
Nikolay Basov (1922–2001), Soviet physicist and educator
Vasily Peskov (1930–2013), Russian writer, journalist, photographer, traveller and ecologist
Valentina Popova (1972), Russian weightlifter
Igor Samsonov, painter
Tatyana Zrazhevskaya, Russian boxer
See also
List of Russians
List of Russian-language poets
List of famous Russians
Voronezh
Voronezh
List
Sebastian Baczkiewicz (born 1962, Hammersmith, London) is an English writer.
Biography
As a teenager, Baczkiewicz was a member of Questors Theatre in West London before training as an actor at The Drama Centre. He was the BBC's first writer in residence in 2000.
Work
Author of a number of episodes of Holby City, Baczkiewicz has written a range of plays for BBC Radio including adaptations of Les Miserables and The Count of Monte Cristo and nine series of Pilgrim, starring Paul Hilton as William Palmer, the immortal title character.
His stage plays include The Lives of the Saints, Hello Paris, The Man Who Shot the Tiger and Dancing under the Bridge.
In 2004, he wrote half of a six-part series, Arthur, for BBC Radio 4 using characters from Arthurian legend.
In 2012, his radio drama Pilgrim was nominated for the Prix Italia and awarded silver at the Prix Europa.
Baczkiewicz was lead writer on Radio 4's Home Front, a radio drama series broadcast across the centenary of the First World War, in 14 series, from 2014 to 2018, and in which William Palmer makes a brief one-word appearance.
Ghosts of Heathrow, with Paul McGann was broadcast in 2014. Recorded on location, An Angel in Miami and Elsinor were broadcast on Radio 4 in 2019.
References
External links
Radio Listings (Pilgrim)
Living people
English television writers
English fantasy writers
1962 births
The 1957 season of the Primera División Peruana, the top category of Peruvian football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Centro Iqueño. At the end of the regular season (home and away matches) teams were split in 2 groups of 5 teams: top 5 played for the title and bottom 5 played for the relegation. Teams carried their regular season records and played an additional round (4 further matches).
Results
Standings
External links
Peru 1957 season at RSSSF
Peruvian Football League News
Peru1
1957 in Peruvian football
Peruvian Primera División seasons
The 1996 CAA men's basketball tournament was held March 1–4, 1996, at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was VCU, who received an automatic bid to the 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Bracket
Honors
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
Lithuanian raid on Mazovia was an attack of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania on the duchies of Warsaw, Czersk, and Rawa, that were the fielfdoms of the Kingdom of Poland, that took place in 1369. It was led by Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania. During the attack, following the short-lasting siege, Lithuanian forces had captured Pułtusk and castle within it, that was owned by the Płock bishop. The invaders burned down the city, after what they had retreated to Lithuania, before Siemowit III, Duke of Masovia, could organize the counterattack.
Citations
References
Bibliography
Słownik wojen, bitew i potyczek w średniowiecznej Polsce by Piotr Bunar and Stanisław A. Sroka. Kraków, Universitas publishing house.
Lithuania–Poland relations
Battles of the Middle Ages
Battles involving Poland
Mazovia
Conflicts in 1369
History of Masovia
The Battle of Collecchio-Fornovo (26–29 April 1945) was a battle of the Second World War between the Brazilian Expeditionary Force (Força Expedicionária Brasileira – FEB), along with Italian partisans and units from the American 1st Armored and 92nd Infantry Divisions, against the Wehrmachts 148th Infantry Division, 90th Panzergrenadier Divisions and the fascist National Republican Army's 1st Bersaglieri "Italia" and the 4th Mountain "Monterosa" Divisions. The battle was fought around the town of Fornovo di Taro, about to the southwest of Parma, Italy. The Allies defeated the Axis forces, which were attempting to break through to the north.
On 28 April, the Brazilian 6th RCT followed up with an attack on Fornovo, with German General Otto Fretter-Pico surrendering the 148th Division, with almost 15,000 German and Fascist Italian troops at the morning of 29 April.
Background of main forces
1st Brazilian (Expeditionary) Infantry Division
The Brazilian Expeditionary Division was commanded by General João Baptista Mascarenhas de Morais.
The FEB arrived in Italy in the latter part of 1944, at a time when Allied troops were being transferred from Italy to take part in operations in southern France.
On 16 July 1944, the 6th RCT reached Naples, the first of five contingents sent by Brazil. These troops were formed into a RCT under Brigadier General Euclides Zenóbio da Costa. With three U.S. tank companies as reinforcements, the 6th RCT moved to the front in September 1944, pursuing German units that were making a tactical retreat to the Gothic Line.
In October–November 1944, the 6th RCT fought several engagements, but were unable to break through the Gothic line positions before the winter snows. The 1st and 11th RCT arrived in November, bringing the FEB up to division strength. At its peak, the Brazilian division had a total of 25,334 men in the 1st, 6th and 11th RCTs. Each RCT had three battalions of four companies.
In February 1945, the Brazilians overcame the German defenders of the strong Monte Castello position. They then moved eastward, fighting at Roncovecchio, Seneveglio and Castelnuovo. The Brazilian division fought a tough four-day battle for Montese, which was taken on 16 April. Turning north, in the early morning of 21 April Brazilian forces conquered and occupied Zocca, an important rail terminal in the region, and by 22 April the FEB had broken into the Po Valley, pursuing the fleeing German forces. General Zenóbio da Costa took the vehicles from 10 of his 12 artillery batteries for use in infantry transport, creating a mobile force with 606 jeeps and 676 trucks of different types. On the morning of 26 April, Brazilian forces were consolidating the defenses of Parma, when they heard that German units were approaching from the south.
German 148th Infantry Division
On 25 September 1943, General Otto Fretter-Pico took command of the 148th Infantry Division and led it for the rest of the war. In August 1944, the division was in action against the Allied Operation Dragoon, the invasion of southern France. In late October 1944, the division was transferred to northern Italy. In December 1944, the 148th Division struck decisively against the Americans in the Apennine Mountains in Operation Wintergewitter (Winter storm), causing serious disruption despite being out-numbered and inferior in weapons to the allies.
However, by the end of March the German army was in an impossible situation. It suffered from an acute lack of supplies, total domination of the skies by the Americans, and large and rapidly growing partisan forces. By 23 April, the situation for German forces in Italy was desperate. The partisans had taken Parma, Fiume had been occupied by Tito's Yugoslav forces and French units had entered Italy from the west. The 148th Division, which had been based around the Gulf of Genoa, was making a last effort to break out to the north across the Po Valley.
Battle
Collecchio
On news of the German-Italian forces approach, retreating from Genoa-La Spezia region, which had been liberated by the US 92nd Division, a Brazilian armored reconnaissance squadron moved south from Parma, meeting leading units of the Axis forces in Collecchio. They first met armored cars from the 90th Panzergrenadier Division's reconnaissance unit, and then tanks (of the same division) with infantry from the 281st regimental of the 148th Infantry Division. The reconnaissance squadron called for reinforcements. According to Captain Pitaluga of the reconnaissance troop, "I arrived in Collecchio at noon, and I was alone until 6 pm. I had already occupied almost half the town when the infantry arrived." Pitaluga's unit of M8 cars fought it out against more lightly armored German vehicles, which only had 20 mm cannons. However, the Brazilian armored cars were vulnerable to tanks and anti-tank weapons; Pitaluga said of his vehicles, "The M8 is for recon, not (for heavy) combat.". Like the M10 (another vehicle used then by Brazilian supporting units of Cavalry), M8 had open-topped turrets, which made them more vulnerable (than fully enclosed tanks) to anti-tank infantry close attacks, especially in urban combat, as was the case at Collecchio. Also, in this first day of the battle, the Brazilians were outnumbered by a German battalion with two or three squadrons.
A force of Brazilian infantry was hastily ferried to the town in jeeps, trucks (like M3s), and the transport sent back for more. By 18:30 on 26 April, the Brazilian infantry was in place and prepared for action. This included 5th Company, II Battalion, 11th Infantry; a machine gun platoon from 8th Company, 11th Infantry; and 9th Company, III Battalion, 6th RCT. Major Orlando Gomez Ramagem, commander of II Battalion, 11th Infantry was given command of the Brazilian forces. With the war clearly drawing to a close, the troops may have been reluctant to take unnecessary risks. At first, Major Ramagem was in favor of encamping for the night, but he was dissuaded by the Brazilian divisional commander, General Mascarenhas de Moraes. According to one source, "The old general acted with the enthusiasm of a lieutenant."
Ramagem ordered some of his troops, supported by the machine guns, to dig in to block Highway 62, which led north to Parma. The 5th company of the 11th RCT was ordered to attack at 19:30. The first attacks were made from the southeast by this company, which quickly captured the church. This was followed by attacks from the northeast by a company of the 6th RCT. German infantry defending the outskirts of the town, supported by mortars, responded to the attacks with intense fire. Neither the Brazilians nor the Germans had any regular artillery. The Germans had only mortared and rifle fire.
The church was used to hold German prisoners, and the church tower as an observation post. Lt. Jairo Junqueira da Silva of the 11th Infantry recounts an incident when General Zenóbio da Costa appeared unexpectedly at the church:
More Brazilian troops from 2nd Company, I Battalion, 6th RCT arrived at 21:00, some riding on American and Brazilian, M10 and M4 tanks, to enter the fight. The Axis troops made several unsuccessful attempts to break through to the north, but by 02:00 on 27 April, Allied forces had penetrated into the town. The Axis forces, reinforced by artillery and some tanks made a final desperate assault just before dawn. When this failed, their resistance collapsed. By noon Allied forces, with Brazilians ahead, had full control of the town, forcing the Germans and Fascist Italians south toward Fornovo by late afternoon on 27 April.
Fornovo di Taro
Prisoners taken in the battle at Collecchio confirmed partisans and Rebels' reports that the 148th Division had come from the Gulf of Genoa and was in the area surrounding Fornovo di Taro about to the southwest of Collecchio on Highway 62. The German 148th Infantry Division made an attempt to halt the allies at Fornovo di Taro. The Allied forces attacked this position at 18:00 on 28 April. The defeat at Collecchio and follow-up attacks in Fornovo, convinced the German commander that defeat was inevitable. At 22:00, General Otto Fretter-Pico sent emissaries seeking a cease fire while terms were discussed. On 29 April, he surrendered the 148th Division intact.
Aftermath
The Brazilian commander, General Mascarenhas de Moraes, received the surrender of the Wehrmacht and ENR Divisions on 29 April 1945. In one week the Brazilians had taken 14,700 troops, 800 officers and two generals. The Brazilians also took 1,500 vehicles and 80 guns. All Axis forces in Italy capitulated on 2 May 1945.
References
Bibliography
1945 in Italy
Collecchio
Collecchio
Battles in Emilia-Romagna
Province of Parma
Collecchio
Collecchio
Collecchio
Collecchio
April 1945 events
Jesse Louis Cox (born May 18, 1981) is an American YouTube gaming personality, comedian, voice actor, and media commentator. He is the owner of the YouTube channel previously named OMFGcata, a gaming channel on which Cox posts most of his content. As of July 2022, the channel has over 992,000 subscribers.
Biography
Jesse Cox was born in Wheeling, West Virginia and for the early part of his life traveled frequently with his parents around the country. Eventually, they settled in Oakwood, Ohio just outside of Dayton. After high school, he studied at the State University of New York at Buffalo where he double majored in Theater, as well as History, earning a bachelor's degree. He later went on to receive his master's degree in education while teaching, from the University of Dayton.
Content
YouTube
OMFGcata is Cox's YouTube channel (Rebranded as "Jesse Cox") and serves as his primary content platform. The name of the channel was inspired by the Cataclysm expansion of World of Warcraft, the coverage of which was one of Cox's first major video series. After the initial release of Cataclysm, Jesse expanded his coverage into "Let's Play" style gaming videos and eventually into a weekly "show" format featuring friends and colleagues. In 2016, he won a Golden Joystick Award for upcoming YouTube personality. The gaming convention Coxcon is named after Cox.
In 2016, it was announced that Cox and Michele Morrow were co-creating in a YouTube Red series, Good Game, about a fledgling eSports team starring Cox. It aired in 2017, and was generally praised by critics, but was cancelled in 2018 after one season due to low viewership. Cox was signed to Creative Artists Agency in 2020.
Voice acting
Cox has voiced several video game characters such as Spriticus in Heroes of Newerth, Genji in Awesomenauts, and an ice troll named Jesse in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, as well as a possible quest-giving character in Cyberpunk 2077, also named Jesse.
Podcasts
Cox co-hosted the Co-Optional Podcast alongside his friends Brooke "Dodger" Thorne and John "TotalBiscuit" Bain (prior to his death in 2018). After Bain's death, the podcast was hosted by his wife, Jenna Bain. The last episode of the podcast, Episode 257, aired on Jenna Bain's Youtube channel in October 2019. The gaming Podcast was hosted every week, usually with a fourth special guest or occasionally their friend Eric "Crendor" Hraab. While the podcast's main focus was about video games, they commonly derail and discuss other topics of the day, giving way to the joke "We do occasionally talk about Video Games".
in November 2012, Cox and Hraab launched the "Cox'n'Crendor Podcast", an initially daily, and later weekly, series that serves as a parody of a daily news show. Cox and Hraab discuss one another's personal and professional lives, poke fun at entertaining news stories, and do humorous reports on traffic, sports, and weather, the latter of which utilizes the hometowns of viewers. As of August 2022, the Cox'n'Crendor Podcast Youtube channel has more than 75,000 subscribers.
CoxCon
CoxCon was a video game and content creator convention, hosted by Cox and held annually in Telford, United Kingdom from 2015 to 2019. The convention featured game exhibitors, vendors, board gaming, and most prominently internet celebrity guests in various panels over the course of two days. Most of the artwork featured in Coxcon's promotional material was created by Daniel "Supardanil" Tan, animator of "Cox n' Crendor Animated!".
References
External links
Nerdist article about Cox's YouTube Red series
Sundered teases its stylish Metroidvania world ahead of today's closed beta, PC Gamer
, Cox's Twitter
1981 births
Living people
American male video game actors
American podcasters
American YouTubers
Esports team owners
Gaming YouTubers
Let's Players
American male YouTubers
People from Los Angeles
People from Wheeling, West Virginia
Schoolteachers from West Virginia
University at Buffalo alumni
University of Dayton alumni
Video game commentators
People from Oakwood, Montgomery County, Ohio
American men podcasters
The plumbeous-backed thrush (Turdus reevei) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
plumbeous-backed thrush
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
plumbeous-backed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
792 Naval Air Squadron (792 NAS) was a Naval Air Squadron of the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm and was originally formed at RNAS St Merryn in August 1939 as an Air Target Unit, equipped with six Blackburn Skuas. The squadron disbanded in 1945 and merged with 794 Naval Air Squadron.
792 Squadrons reformed at RNAS Culdrose in 1948 as a Night Fighter Training Unit. It was initially equipped with Fairey Firefly NF.1s and Avro Ansons. They were later replaced with Sea Hornets shortly before the squadron disbanded again in August 1950.
The squadron was reformed at RNAS Culdrose in November 2001 from the Fleet Target Group from RNAS Portland, which closed in 1998. It operated the Mirach 100/5 unmanned subsonic drones which were used to test the Sea Dart Missile System on Type 42 destroyers and Sidewinder missiles on Harrier and Tornado fighters. It is not listed on the current Royal Navy website and is believed to have been replaced by QinetiQ's Combined Aerial Target Service contract.
References
Bibliography
700 series Fleet Air Arm squadrons
Military units and formations of the Royal Navy in World War II
Military of the United Kingdom in Cornwall
The 2020 Israeli Basketball League Cup, for sponsorships reasons the Winner League Cup, is the 15th edition of the pre-season tournament of the Israeli Basketball Premier League. All twelve Israeli Premier League team's was participated except from Hapoel Tel Aviv because the participation at the Champions League
Bracket
First Round
Maccabi Haifa vs. Ironi Nahariya
Ironi Nes Ziona vs. Hapoel Eilat
Hapoel Haifa vs. Hapoel Be'er Sheva
Hapoel Gilboa Galil vs. Bnei Herzliya
Quarterfinals
Maccabi Rishon LeZion vs. Maccabi Haifa
Hapoel Jerusalem vs. Hapoel Eilat
Hapoel Holon vs. Hapoel Gilboa Galil
Maccabi Tel Aviv vs. Hapoel Haifa
Semifinals
Maccabi Rishon LeZion vs. Maccabi Tel Aviv
Hapoel Jerusalem vs. Hapoel Holon
Final
Maccabi Tel Aviv vs. Hapoel Holon
References
2020
League Cup
Balâtre () is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
A small farming village, situated 6.4 kilometres (6 miles) to the east of Roye, on the D248 road.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
Communes of Somme (department)
The Kodak Ektra is a smartphone inspired by the original 1941 Kodak Ektra camera. It was announced in 2016 by Kodak. The phone was designed by the Bullitt Group and runs Android 6.0 “Marshmallow” on the Android platform.
Originally priced in the UK and Europeat £449, the Ektra smartphone was released to the public in 2017 to mixed reviews.
Specifications
The phone's features include:
5-inch 1080p IPS display
Rear camera: 21-megapixel camera with f/2.0 aperture, using Sony's IMX230 image sensor
Front camera: 13-megapixel sensor and f/2.2 lens
Phase detect autofocus, 6-axis optical image stabilisation, HDR and 4K video capture
3GB of RAM
32GB of hard drive storage with microSD expansion slot
MediaTek Helio X20 processor (two high-performance 64-bit ARM Cortex-A72 CPU cores, eight low power Cortex-A53 cores, and a Mali-T880 GPU)
Android 6.0 “Marshmallow”
3,000 mAh battery
References
Android (operating system) devices
Kodak digital cameras
Mobile phones introduced in 2016
Smartphones
P. C. D. Nambiar was an Indian career banker who served as the eighth Chairman of State Bank of India.
Life
He was born and raised in the Indian city of Chennai.
He died on 28 May 2012 in Chennai.
Career
Early career
He has joined the State Bank of India as a probationary officer and served in a number of roles. He also served as the chief manager of the Thalassery branch in Kerala.
Banking career
He served as the eighth Chairman of State Bank of India from 23 May 1977 until 13 December 1982.
After his retirement in 1982, he was succeeded by V. S. Natarajan as the Chairman of State Bank of India.
Later career
After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1982, he was appointed as a director and board member at many private companies including Reliance Industries and Western India Plywood Limited.
He also served as vice-chairman of the now defunct Dubai Bank.
References
External links
SBI chairmen
SBI history
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
People from Chennai
Lud (), according to Geoffrey of Monmouth's legendary History of the Kings of Britain and related medieval texts, was a king of Britain in pre-Roman times who founded London and was buried at Ludgate. He was the eldest son of Geoffrey's King Heli, and succeeded his father to the throne. He was succeeded, in turn, by his brother Caswallon (Latinised as 'Cassibelanus'). Lud may be connected with the Welsh mythological figure Lludd Llaw Eraint, earlier Nudd Llaw Eraint, cognate with the Irish Nuada Airgetlám, a king of the Tuatha Dé Danann, and the Brittonic god Nodens. However, he was a separate figure in Welsh tradition and is usually treated as such.
His name appears in the words Ludgate, Ned Ludd, and subsequently in 'luddite'.
In literature
Lud's reign is notable for the building of cities and the refortification of Trinovantum (London), which he especially loved. Geoffrey explained the name "London" as deriving from "Caer Lud", or Lud's Fortress. When he died, he was buried at Ludgate. His two sons, Androgeus and Tenvantius, were not yet of age, so he was succeeded by his brother Cassibelanus.
In the Welsh versions of Geoffrey's Historia, usually called Brut y Brenhinedd, he is called Lludd fab Beli, establishing the connection to the early mythological Lludd Llaw Eraint. An independent Welsh tale, Cyfranc Lludd a Llefelys (The Tale of Lludd and Llefelys), is appended into some versions of the Brut. It also survives independently, and in this form was included in the collection known as the Mabinogion. According to this tale, Lludd had an additional brother named Llefelys, who became king of France while Lludd ruled in Britain. During Lludd's reign, three great plagues befell Britain, but he was able to overcome them with the advice of his brother.
King Lud in the City of London
Lud's name was claimed by Geoffrey of Monmouth to be the origin of Ludgate (named Porth Llydd in the Brut y Brenhinedd), a major gateway into the City of London, as well as of the name of London itself (the true etymology of Ludgate is from the Old English term "hlid-geat" a common Old English compound meaning "postern" or "swing gate").
Crumbling statues of King Lud and his two sons, which formerly stood on the gate, now stand in the porch of the church of St Dunstan-in-the-West on Fleet Street in London. There was a pub at Ludgate Circus called "King Lud", now an outlet of the chain restaurant Leon, and medallions of King Lud may be seen up on its roofline and over the doors.
References
Legendary British kings
An Account of the Entry of the Catholic Religion into Sichuan (), also referred to as Mission to Sichuan, is a 1918 history book edited by Paris Foreign Missions Society missionary François-Marie-Joseph Gourdon in Chinese, and published by Sheng Chia Book-Printing Bureau in the city of Chongqing (then known as Chungking).
Synopsis
Allegedly based on ('Account of Tyrannies Wrought by Zhang Xianzhong, China's Famous Looter in the Year 1651') by Gabriel de Magalhães, the book recounts the early history of Roman Catholic mission in Sichuan throughout the 1640s, providing first-hand witness testimony by Gabriel de Magalhães and Lodovico Buglio on Zhang Xianzhong's reign and massacre in Sichuan.
Editions
The first edition contains 76 pages, published in Chongqing by Sheng Chia Book-Printing Bureau, aimed at Catholics in east Sichuan, hence is limited to only 2000 copies. A Chronicle by Mister Wuma was added to the end of the reprint edition, making a total of 139 pages. This version is limited to 3200 copies, published for historical research only.
The editor
François-Marie-Joseph Gourdon was born around 1840. He was sent to Chongqing by the Paris Foreign Missions Society in 1866, he died there around 1930. During his station in Chongqing, Gourdon became abbot of the largest among several abbeys that he established. In 1904, he co-founded the Catholic newspaper () with a certain Frenchman Lonis. An Account was edited and noted by Gourdon based on a hand-copy manuscript given to him by a Jesuit in Shanghai, which containing detailed accounts of the first Catholic mission in Sichuan carried out by Gabriel de Magalhães and Lodovico Buglio, and allegedly being Magalhães's . In 1918, the book was published by the authority of the Bishop of Eastern Szechwan, .
Reception
On NetEase, a review says: 'The book provides valuable first-hand historical materials for the study of Zhang Xianzhong's '. Zheng Guanglu, a Sichuanese writer from Chengdu, remarked that the book is one of the hard evidences of the Sichuan massacre carried out by Zhang Xianzhong, in contrast to the false claim made by some historians that the massacre was fabricated by feudal landlord class out of instinctive hatred against peasant class.
See also
Catholic Church in Sichuan
Christianity in Sichuan
List of massacres in China
References
1918 non-fiction books
20th-century history books
History books about Catholicism
History books about the Ming dynasty
Books on Christian missions
Chinese non-fiction books
Catholic Church in Sichuan
Jesuit China missions
History of the Catholic Church
History of Christianity in Sichuan
Works by French people
Ichthyomyzon is a genus of northern lampreys in the sub-family Petromyzontinae, native to North America.
Species
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:
Ichthyomyzon bdellium (D. S. Jordan, 1885) (Ohio lamprey)
Ichthyomyzon castaneus Girard, 1858 (Chestnut lamprey)
Ichthyomyzon fossor Reighard & Cummins, 1916 (Northern brook lamprey)
Ichthyomyzon gagei C. L. Hubbs & Trautman, 1937 (Southern brook lamprey)
Ichthyomyzon greeleyi C. L. Hubbs & Trautman, 1937 (Mountain brook lamprey)
Ichthyomyzon unicuspis C. L. Hubbs & Trautman, 1937 (Silver lamprey)
References
Petromyzontidae
Jawless fish genera
Bélabo is a town and commune in Cameroon, lying on the Yaoundé – N'Gaoundéré railway line. Near the town lies the Sanaga-Yong chimpanzee rescue centre.
Transport
The town has a railway station served by Camrail, and lies on the Sanaga River.
Factory
The town has a quarry supplying ballast and aggregate for a factory making concrete sleepers.
Statistics
Population = 22,553
See also
Railway stations in Cameroon
References
Populated places in East Region (Cameroon)
Communes of Cameroon
Eugene Louis Faccuito (March 20, 1925 – April 7, 2015), known professionally as Luigi, was an American jazz dancer, choreographer, teacher, and innovator who created the jazz exercise technique. The Luigi Warm Up Technique is a training program that promotes body alignment, balance, core strength, and "feeling from the inside." It is also used for rehabilitation. This method became the world's first standard technique for teaching jazz and musical theater dance.
Faccuito developed the technique, which consists of a series of ballet-based exercises, for his rehabilitation after suffering paralyzing injuries in a car accident at the age of twenty one. He couldn't stop dancing, so he first learned to regain control of his body by what he uses as a cornerstone of his technique – namely, to "lengthen and stretch the body without strain" and "put the good side into the bad side." He then focused on a way "to stabilize himself – as if he were pressing down on an invisible (dance) barre." e went on to have a successful dance career and became a world-renowned jazz teacher.
Early life and career
Born in Steubenville, Ohio, Luigi is the eighth of eleven children of immigrant Italian parents, Nicola and Antoinette (Savoia) Faccuito. His father died when Luigi was five. His older brother Tony taught him to sing, dance, and use contortionist skills so he could enter local talent contests to win prize money for the family. He was a natural performer who won many events. At the age of ten, he had an agent who got him a job with bandleader Ted Lewis as the shadow in Lewis's "Me and My Shadow". He won The Original Amateur Hour contest in nearby Pittsburgh.
At thirteen, Luigi replaced Dean Martin, his neighbor, in the Bernie Davis Orchestra, a local twelve-man band that performed at weddings, school dances, and special events throughout Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia. He stayed with the band for close to five years.
Aged 18, he was drafted into the U.S. Navy during World War II. He served in the Pacific Theater – New Guinea and the Philippines - until the war's end. After returning home at age twenty-one, he enrolled in college to become a lawyer, but his brother Tony pushed him to study in Hollywood under the G. I. Bill of Rights to pursue a film career.
He moved to California, enrolled in his first ballet classes with Bronislava Nijinska, and studied other theatrical forms at Falcon Studios in Hollywood. Three months later, in 1946, he was in a car accident that left him paralyzed on the right side of his body. After awakening months later from a coma, he was told by doctors that he would never walk again.
Technique and Hollywood career
Conventional therapy at that time did not help Luigi much. To regain control of his body, he started to experiment and design his own stretches. After nine months of self therapy, he returned to Falcon Studios where he trained daily. In 1948, he was hired by Horace Heidt, a popular pianist and big band leader, to choreograph for his Bandwagon tour. A few months later, back in Los Angeles, the three became housemates. It was then that Luigi, with Frontiere's help, coined "5, 6, 7, 8" as a lead-in for when to start dancing. He started to use the phrase around other dancers.
In 1949, a talent scout discovered Luigi in a benefit show and brought him to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios to audition for On the Town. Gene Kelly was impressed by Luigi's dancing and gave him the job despite his facial paralysis and crossed eyes. This job led to a long friendship, during which Kelly became Luigi's mentor and used him in his other films, such as Singin' in the Rain. He warmed up using his own stretches and strengthening exercises and soon found other performers following him. "Alton encouraged (Luigi) to take up teaching his evolving style", so he began a late afternoon class at Rainbow Studios in 1951.
Between films, Luigi also performed in professional musicals at the Greek Theatre and with the Moro Landis Dancers, mostly at the Sahara Hotel in Las Vegas. While Luigi was working with Nita Bieber in an East Indian dance act promoted by MGM, Bieber's agent offered to represent him if he formed his own act, which he did, the Gene Louis Dancers.
New York City and career
In 1956, choreographer Alex Romero brought Luigi to New York City to perform on Broadway with Ethel Merman and Fernando Lamas in Happy Hunting. The show brought Luigi to the attention of east coast dancers, and choreographer June Taylor, who invited him to teach at her school. A few months later, to better suit his schedule, he began teaching his own classes. In 1961, Luigi was one of the first teachers hired for Dance Caravan, a yearly summer dance convention troupe. This job brought his teachings and his new technique book - with his philosophy and recorded music for class - to dancers in major cities across America. He remained with the organization and became one of the long-standing teachers until its closing in 2009. In addition to his classes in New York City, dance conventions helped turn Luigi's work into the foundation for jazz dance classes in academic institutions and studios across the United States. He found himself in demand for a wide range of projects, including teaching, choreographing, staging, and touring. He accepted an invitation from Germany to teach at an international workshop which boosted his reputation across Europe. He was invited to work in many more European countries including, England, Italy and France; began teaching master classes at the Radio City Music Hall for the performers; and joined the faculty of the Harkness Ballet School.
Highlights
In 1967, Luigi choreographed a short film, Exorcism, which won the Cine-Golden Eagle Award in the United States and the Irish Film Festival Award.
In 1972, Luigi taught in Cape Town, South Africa, where he was the first dance teacher to allow both whites and blacks to participate together in classes and then, during a public lecture at the Nico Malan Opera House, to perform together onstage to demonstrate his work.
In 1974, he formed Luigi's Jazz Dance Company, which toured internationally for two years. The company folded because he could not get government funding. His pieces from that era are performed in venues around the world.
After returning from teaching in Tokyo, Japan, in 1978, Luigi started to teach a second method that he devised with Michio Ito. This work concentrates on a set of arm positions which go beyond ballet's basic five arm positions. These twenty four additional arm placements give jazz dance more patterns, with a unified appearance. He named these arms positions Lurythmics.
In 1981, Gene Kelly asked Luigi to assist him on a Broadway show that he was to direct and choreograph. The show, called Satchmo, was based on the life of Louis Armstrong bit never went into production because of financial difficulties.
In 1982, Donald Saddler brought Valentina Koslova to Luigi to be coached for her Broadway debut in the revival of On Your Toes. The show featured George Balanchine's Slaughter on Tenth Avenue, which Luigi worked with Koslova on.
In 1982, Luigi's technique book was translated into Japanese. Also, the biggest Japanese dance supply company, Chacott, started to market Luigi-endorsed jazz shoes and a line of apparel called Luigi Brand Dancewear.
In 1987, Luigi's warm up book was translated into Italian.
In 1992, Luigi trained the Hungarian Sports and Rhythmic Gymnastics Team in Budapest, Hungary, for two weeks. Many of the team members went on to compete in the Olympics.
In addition to teaching at Dance Masters of America and Dance Educators of America's conventions, Luigi has served as guest faculty for the High School of Performing Arts, City University of New York, Sarah Lawrence College, Renato Greco's Stages in Rome and Amalfi, Italy, New York University, The Metropolitan Opera, Joffrey Ballet Summer School, Dennis Wayne's Dancers Workshop in Italy, Broadway Theater Project, Studio Maestro Summer Workshop, Jacob's Pillow, Youth Dance Festival and Dance Teacher Summit in New York City.
2000 and beyond
Throughout the 2000s, Luigi choreographed and staged numbers for many benefit events, including Michael Zaslow's benefits for A.L.S. (Lou Gehrig's disease) on Broadway, the Dance Library of Israel, the New York Jazz Choreography Project, Dancers Over 40 benefits for Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, the TranscenDance Group dance company, and the Ailey/Fordham Bachelor of Fine Arts Senior Solo Concert.
Luigi died on April 7, 2015, at the age of 90, in his Manhattan home.
Awards and honors
He has been commended for his life's work by three U.S. presidents – Reagan, Bush, and Clinton. He received the "Fred Astaire Award from the Theatre Development Fund, a proclamation for "Luigi Day in New York City" from Mayor Ed Koch, was the grand marshal of the Dance Parade on Broadway in 2008, and an Ohio governor awarded him the Man of the Year in his hometown. In 2013 he was honored by Antonio Fini with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the inaugural Italian International Dance Festival.
He received the Lifetime Achievement Award in Dance at the 2013 Bessie Awards.
Filmography
Features
Yes Sir, That's My Baby (1947)
On the Town (1948)
Toast of New Orleans (1948)
Jerry Gray and the Band of Today (1948)
Let's Dance (1949)
Annie Get Your Gun (1949)
An American in Paris (1950)
Singin' In The Rain (1950)
Rainbow Round My Shoulder (1951)
Five Thousand Fingers of Dr. T (1951)
Call Me Madame (1952)
The Band Wagon (1952)
All Ashore (1953)
Calamity Jane (1953)
White Christmas (1955)
Cha-Cha-Cha-Boom (1956)
Invitation to the Dance (1956)
Bela Lugosi Meets the Brooklyn Gorilla (1956)
Ten Commandments (1956)
Exorcism (1967)
Stage productions
Anything Goes, 1948, performer, the Greek Theatre, Los Angeles, CA.
New Moon, 1949, performer, the Greek Theatre, Los Angeles, CA.
Girl Crazy, 1949, performer, the Greek Theatre, Los Angeles, CA.
Annie Get Your Gun, 1951, performer, the Greek Theatre, Los Angeles, CA.
Look, That's Life, 1952, assistant choreographer to Nick Castle, Las Palmas Theater, Los Angeles, CA.
Happy Hunting, 1956, performer, Broadway, New York, NY
Whoop-Up, 1958, assistant choreographer, performer, Broadway, New York, N.Y.
The Happy Time, 1959, assistant choreographer, performer, Broadway, New York, NY
Carousel, 1960, performer, choreographer, Equity Library Theater, New York, N.Y.
Can-Can, 1960, choreographer, Charlotte Summer Theater, Charlotte, North Carolina
Brigadoon, 1960, choreographer, performer, Charlotte Summer Theater, Charlotte, North Carolina
Let it Ride, 1961, assistant choreographer, performer, Broadway, New York, N.Y.
References
External links
Luigi Jazz Center
1925 births
2015 deaths
People from Steubenville, Ohio
American jazz dancers
American choreographers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
The rufous-chested tanager (Thlypopsis ornata) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Ecuador, Peru and southwestern Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rufous-chested tanager
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
rufous-chested tanager
rufous-chested tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Runc or Idieș is a right tributary of the river Someșul Mare in Romania. It discharges into the Someșul Mare in Mititei. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Immortal is a 2008 single/EP released by The Crüxshadows. It is the debut song for the newest lineup of the group, and is currently not included on an album.
The EP consists of the title song, a radio edit, a new mix of the DreamCypher song "Ariadne", a club mix of the title song, and an exclusive B-side track entitled "Exile".
Track listing
"Immortal"
"Immortal" (Radio edit)
"Ariadne" (Legendary Mix)
"Immortal" (Our Souls Enduring Club Mix)
"Exile"
External links
The Crüxshadows' official website
The Crüxshadows EPs
2008 EPs
The 2022 WNBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game that was played on July 10, 2022 at Wintrust Arena. The Chicago Sky hosted the game and related events for the first time.
The league also debuted a new, two-day fan event called "WNBA Live," which included interactive events as well as the All-Star teams' practice. This year also brought back the Three-Point Contest and Skills Competition, for the first time since 2019.
A'ja Wilson, of the Las Vegas Aces was the overall leader in fan votes with 88,407, with Breanna Stewart, of the Seattle Storm, finishing in 2nd with 79,520 votes.
Allie Quigley won the MTN Dew 3-Point Shootout for a WNBA and NBA record 4th time. Sabrina Ionescu and her high school partner and NC State commit, Zoe Brooks, won the Skills Challenge.
Team Wilson defeated Team Stewart 132–112. Kelsey Plum of the Las Vegas Aces scored 30 points to tie Maya Moore for the All-Star Game record for points. She was named the MVP of the game. This was A'ja Wilson's second time winning as team captain – moving herself to 2–0.
Rosters
Selection
On June 2, the WNBA announced that 2022 would similar roster selection process to the 2019 WNBA All-Star Game. Fans, WNBA players, head coaches, sports writers, and broadcasters would all be able to vote for All Stars. All groups could fill out a ballot of four guards and six front court players. Players and coaches could not vote for members of their own team. Voting began on June 3 at 2 p.m. ET and concluded on Monday, June 20 at 11:59 p.m. ET.
The voting was weighted as follows:
Players were not allowed to vote for their own teammates. The top 10 players receiving votes based on this weighting would be selected to the All-Star Game. These ten players would be deemed the starters. The starters were revealed on June 22, 2022. After the announcement of the starters, the WNBA's head coaches selected the 12 reserves. Coaches voted for three guards, five frontcourt players, and four players at either position regardless of conference. They could not vote for their own players. The reserves were announced on June 28, 2022. The top two vote-getters were captains of the two All-Star teams and selected their teams from the pool of 8 remaining starters and the 12 reserves. The captains drafted their respective rosters by selecting first from the remaining eight players in the pool of starters and then from the pool of 12 reserves. ESPN broadcast the WNBA All-Star Team Selection Special on July 2, 2022.
Fan Vote Results
The following is the top 20 players based on fan voting alone.
Full Voting Results
The following are the overall scores for the Top 10 finishers – based on the results from all three voting groups. The fans votes was weighed at 50%, while votes from the media and players were weighed 25%. The players are sorted by their positions. The top four players at the guards and the top 6 players at the frontcourt positions were deemed the starters for the game.
Head coaches
The head coaches for the AT&T WNBA All-Star 2022 were the head coaches of the two teams regardless of conference with the best records following games on Friday, June 24. The head coach with the best record as of that date coached the team whose captain earned the most fan votes.
Becky Hammon, coach of the Las Vegas Aces, and James Wade, coach of the Chicago Sky, qualified to be the two head coaches for the 2022 All-Star Game on June 24, 2022. They earned the right to be the coaches as they guided their teams to the top two spots in the standings as of that date. This is Hammon and Wade's first time as head coaches in the All-Star game. Wade had previous been an assistant coach for the Western Conference Team in the 2017 game.
All-Star Pool
The players for the All-Star Game were selected by the voting process described above. The starters for the game were announced on June 22, 2022, with A'ja Wilson of the Las Vegas Aces and Breanna Stewart of the Seattle Storm leading in fan votes. Those two were named captains for the game, along with Sue Bird of the Seattle Storm and Sylvia Fowles of the Minnesota Lynx who were named additional captains. This was Wilson and Stewarts fourth time being named to the All-Star team, while Fowles was named for the eighth time and Bird was named for the thirteenth time.
Candace Parker of the Chicago Sky and Nneka Ogwumike of the Los Angeles Sparks were named to the starting frontcourt, both earning their seventh all-star appearance. Jonquel Jones of the Connecticut Sun rounded out the frontcourt, earning her fourth all-star selection. In the backcourt, Sabrina Ionescu of the New York Liberty, Kelsey Plum and Jackie Young of the Las Vegas Aces were named to the starting lineup, each earning their first all-star selection. Brittney Griner was named an honorary All-Star and starer.
The All-Star Game reserves were announced on June 28, 2022. The reserves at the guard position included Courtney Vandersloot of the Chicago Sky, her fourth selection; Kahleah Copper of the Chicago Sky, her second selection; Ariel Atkins of the Washington Mystics, her second selection; Skylar Diggins-Smith, her sixth selection; Arike Ogunbowale of the Dallas Wings, her second selection; Jewell Loyd of the Seattle Storm, her fourth selection; and Rhyne Howard of the Atlanta Dream; her first selection.
The reserves at the frontcourt position included Dearica Hamby of the Las Vegas Aces, her second selection; Natasha Howard, her second selection; Brionna Jones of the Connecticut Sun, her second selection; Emma Meesseman of the Chicago Sky, her second selection; and Alyssa Thomas of the Connecticut Sun, her third selection.
Griner named an Honorary All-Star Starter.
All-Star Selections per team
Draft
The WNBA-All Star draft took place on July 2, 2022. A'ja Wilson and Breanna Stewart were named captain respectively as they received the most fan votes. Sue Bird and Sylvia Fowles were named honorary All-Star captains. Bird was assigned to Team Wilson, while Fowles to Team Stewart. The first six players to be drafted were starters. The next 12 players, chosen by WNBA head coaches were then drafted. Wilson began the draft of the starters due to her having the most votes, while Stewart began the draft of the reserves.
Following the Draft, Team Wilson traded Nneka Ogwumike to Team Stewart for Sabrina Ionescu. Team Stewart traded Sue Bird to Team Wilson for Sylvia Fowles.
Final rosters
Game
Rule Changes
The WNBA put in three special rules for the 2022 All-Star Game:
4-Point Shot
Four circles – two at each end of the court – were placed above the current three-point line
20-Second Shot Clock
Automatic Points for Free-Throw Attempts: “No Free-Throws”
Three-Point Contest & Skills Challenge
On June 2, 2022, it was announced that there would be a Three-Point Contest and Skills Challenge on July 9, the night before the All-Star game. It was televised on ESPN in the USA and across the TSN Network in Canada. This is the first time since 2019 that it was held. The Three-Point Contest was sponsored by Mountain Dew. The 3-PT Contest and WNBA Skills Challenge took place indoors at McCormick Place for a special audience of participants in the Girls Nike Nationals
Three-Point Contest
The contestants for the Mountain Dew 3-Point Contest were announced on July 7, 2022. 3-Time Champion Allie Quigley was the only non-All-Star to be in the competition. The Three-Point Shootout is a two-round, timed competition in which five shooting locations are positioned around the three-point arc. Four racks contain four WNBA balls (each worth one point) and one “money” ball (worth two points). The fifth station is a special “all money ball” rack, which each participant can place at any of the five locations. Every ball on this rack is worth two points. Two balls were placed on pedestals between racks 2 and 3 and racks 3 and 4 in “THE DEW ZONE™”. Each of these balls is worth three points. The players have one minute and ten seconds to shoot as many of the 27 balls as they can. The three competitors with the highest scores in the first round advance to the championship round.
Skills Challenge
On July 8, 2022, the WNBA announced the eight competitors that would be involved in the Skills Challenge. The Skills Challenge were teams consisting of one WNBA player and one athlete from the Elite Youth Basketball League (EYBL) participating in the 2022 Nike Nationals. The teams competed head-to-head in an obstacle course relay competition that tests dribbling, passing, agility and shooting skills. A three-round, bracket-style event, the Skills Challenge featured two teams competing simultaneously on an identical course. The team that successfully completes the course first shall be deemed the winner of that matchup and advance to the next round of the competition.
Skills Challenge Bracket
References
WNBA All-Star Game
Sports competitions in Chicago
Basketball in Chicago
Women's National Basketball Association All-Star Game
WNBA All-Star Game
2020s in Chicago
2022 in sports in Illinois
Rancho San Andrés was a Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Cruz County, California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to José Joaquín Castro. The grant on Monterey Bay extended from La Selva Beach on the north to Watsonville Slough on the south. Rancho Aptos of his son Rafael Castro formed the north boundary of the grant.
History
José Joaquín Castro (1768–1838), the son of Joaquin Ysidro de Castro and Maria Marina Botiller, had come as a boy with his family to California from Mexico with the De Anza Expedition in 1775. His brother José Mariano Castro (1765–1828) was the grantee of Rancho Las Animas; his brother Carlos Antonio Castro (b.1775) was the grantee of Rancho San Francisco de las Llagas; and his brother Francisco María Castro (1775 - 1831) was the grantee of Rancho San Pablo. Jose Joaquin Castro, after serving as a soldier for 13 years, came with his wife Maria Antonia Amador (1780–1827) to settle the new community of Villa de Branciforte in 1798. Maria Antonia Amador died in 1827, and Castro married Maria Rosario Briones (b. 1816) in 1830. Castro received the two square league Rancho San Andrés grant in 1833. In 1838, José Joaquín Castro died of smallpox.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho San Andrés was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1853, and the grant was patented to Guadalupe Castro and Juan José Castro et al. (the 13 children of José Joaquín Castro) in 1876.
After the patent was issued, there was a boundary dispute with José Amesti's Rancho Los Corralitos which adjoined Rancho San Andrés on the east.
In 1873, a partition suit (Briody vs. Hale) was brought and Rancho San Andrés was subdivided.
Historic sites of the Rancho
Castro Adobe. Rancho San Andrés Castro Adobe.
References
San Andres
San Andres
San And
San And
Bailey Noel Hanks Weidman (born Bailey Noel Hanks; February 6, 1988) is an American singer, actress, and dancer best known for winning MTV's Legally Blonde: The Musical – The Search for Elle Woods. She performed on Broadway as Elle Woods in Legally Blonde: The Musical in 2008.
Early life and career
Hanks are born on February 6, 1988, in Anderson, South Carolina, to Brad and Angie Hanks. She has one older sister, Brooke, and one younger sister, Bradlee. Her father is a pastor and youth minister in addition to being a highway patrolman, and her mother is a nurse. Hanks attended Westside High School in Anderson. She transferred to and graduated from Pendleton High School in 2006.
Hanks performed the National Anthem for president Bill Clinton in 2000, at age 12.
Growing up in local theater, her notable appearances were as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz; Gertrude McFuzz in Seussical the Musical; Elle Woods in Legally Blonde; Baby June in Gypsy; Hello, Dolly!; The Music Man; A Year With Frog and Toad; Annie; Bye Bye Birdie; A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum; and High Steppin' Country.
Hanks are crowned Miss Liberty Teen 2005 and competed in the Miss SC Teen Pageant.
She attended Tri-County Technical College in Pendleton, South Carolina, as well as Coastal Carolina University, where she was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority, though she did not graduate.
Career
In 2008 Hanks appeared on the reality television show Legally Blonde: The Musical – The Search for Elle Woods and was declared the winner. She made her Broadway debut as Elle Woods in Legally Blonde at the Palace Theatre on July 23, 2008, and continued performing in the role until the musical ended its run on October 19, 2008. Later that year she starred as Sharpay Evans in a production of High School Musical which ran from November 5 to December 7, 2008, at the Paper Mill Playhouse.<ref>{{Cite web|last=Gans|first=Andrew|date=October 7, 2008|title=Blonde'''s Hanks Will Star in Paper Mill's High School Musical|url=http://www.playbill.com/article/blondes-hanks-will-star-in-paper-mills-high-school-musical-com-154040|url-status=live|website=Playbill}}</ref>
Hanks appeared in the daytime television soap opera Guiding Light in April 2009.
She played the part of the NYU Tour Guide in the third installment of Touchstone Pictures' "Step Up" franchise. The film, titled Step Up 3D'', premiered in August 2010.
Personal life
Hanks currently resides in Piedmont, South Carolina. Hanks are currently Worship Leader at her father's church, Living Hope, and is a hair stylist. Hanks married Jason Weidman in 2014 and honeymooned in the Dominican Republic. They have one daughter, Noelle "Elle" Marie.
Work
Stage
Television
Film
References
External links
1988 births
American musical theatre actresses
Coastal Carolina University alumni
Living people
People from Anderson, South Carolina
Reality casting show winners
Actresses from South Carolina
21st-century American actresses
1984–85 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 79th water polo championship in Hungary. There were fourteen teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1984 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
1985 in Hungarian sport
1984 in water polo
1985 in water polo
Central Park Station may refer to:
Central Park Station (Incheon), South Korea
Central Park Station (Kaohsiung MRT), Taiwan
Central Park tram stop, Manchester, UK
Central Park station (CTA), Chicago, USA
Central Park station (Chongqing Rail Transit), Chongqing, China
Central Park Station (Suzhou), Suzhou, China
Central Park station (RTD) in Denver, Colorado, USA
Schoorel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Maaike Schoorel (born 1973), artist
Thomas Schoorel (born 1989), Dutch tennis player
Bollworm is the common term for a moth larva that attacks the fruiting bodies of certain crops, especially cotton.
The most common moths known as bollworms are:
Red or Sudan bollworm, Diparopsis castanea
Rough bollworm, Earias perhuegeli
Spotted bollworm, Earias fabia
Spiny bollworm, Earias insulana
Spotted bollworm, Earias vittella
American cotton bollworm or tomato grub, Helicoverpa armigera
Cotton bollworm, Helicoverpa gelotopoeon
Cotton bollworm, Helicoverpa punctigera
Corn earworm, Helicoverpa zea
Tobacco budworm, Heliothis virescens
Pink bollworm, Pectinophora gossypiella
Pinkspotted bollworm, Pectinophora scutigera
== See also ==
Cotton bollworm
Boll weevil, the beetle Anthonomus grandis
External links
H. virescens, tobacco budworm on the UF / IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Lepidoptera and humans
Agricultural pest insects
Former disambiguation pages converted to set index articles
Otreius of Melitene (fl. late 4th century) was a Chalcedonian bishop of Melitene. He was one of three named by an edict of Theodosius I (30 July 381; Cod. Theod., LXVI, tit. I., L. 3) to episcopal sees named as centres of Catholic communion in the East, along with Gregory of Nyssa and Helladius of Caesarea.
References
Catholic Encyclopedia, s.v. Saint Gregory of Nyssa
4th-century bishops in Roman Anatolia
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Brithysternus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Brithysternus calcaratum MacLeay, 1873
Brithysternus macleayi Sloane, 1910
Brithysternus nodosum Sloane, 1910
References
Broscinae
"I'm Sprung" is the debut single written, produced, and performed by American musician T-Pain from his debut album, Rappa Ternt Sanga (2005). The song is dedicated to his wife, Amber. T-Pain thanked DJ Felli Fel for being the first person to play the song on the radio.
Background
The idea for the song originated from the 1997 movie Sprung.
Chart performance
"I'm Sprung" was a success on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number eight, becoming T-Pain's first Top 10 single. The song was in the 2005 and 2006 year-ends, albeit very barely both times. The single was also a success on the R&B charts, peaking at number nine, while peaking at number 14 on the Billboard Pop 100. While a big success in the United States, it was considered a moderate success in most European countries. On June 14, 2006, the single was certified platinum for sales of over a million copies in the United States.
Remix
The official remix of this song was featured on the album as "I'm Sprung Pt. 2", which features Youngbloodz & Trick Daddy. The'm Sprung remix is with Stat Quo. The U.K. remix features Dizzee Rascal. There is a Swishahouse Chopped & Screwed remix of the song. The most successful version of the song was co-produced by Jason, Armand and Brittany.
A remixed version titled "Jerry Sprunger" was released on 8 November 2019 by Tory Lanez and featured T-Pain.
Music video
Video appearances were made by Midget Mac (who was a contestant on I Love New York 2), Akon, Bone Crusher, Rasheeda, Sleepy Brown and Cyco Black of Crime Mob. At the end of the video for "I'm Sprung", music from "I'm 'n Luv (wit a Stripper)" plays.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2005 debut singles
T-Pain songs
Song recordings produced by T-Pain
Songs written by T-Pain
Konvict Muzik singles
2005 songs
Heaven Before I Die is a 1997 indie comedy film written and directed by Izidore Musallam and starring Andy Velasquez, Giancarlo Giannini, Joanna Pacula and Omar Sharif.
Plot
This is the story of an outcast named Jacob, a Palestinian. Jacob's feet are so turned out that he walks like Charlie Chaplin. He is different because of that and decides to emigrate from Palestine to Canada, where "everyone is equal". There everybody treats him kindly, and a thief specializing in stealing money from cash machines takes him into his home and treats him like a son, waitress Selma finds him a job as a Chaplin imitator, "prophet" Khalil Gibran gives him wise advice.
Cast
Andy Velasquez as Jacob
Giancarlo Giannini as Thief
Joanna Pacula as Selma
Geoffrey Lower as Sterrea
Burt Young as Pollof
Omar Sharif as Kahlil Gibran
Joseph Bologna
Cherilee Taylor
Leonard Cohen
References
External links
1997 comedy films
1997 films
American comedy films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The Higg Index is an apparel and footwear industry self-assessment standard to rate environmental and social sustainability throughout the supply chain. It was launched in 2012 by the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, a nonprofit organization of more than 100 fast fashion companies, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, and other nonprofit entities.
The Higg Index has been criticized for using poor data and a non-transparent approach resulting in misleading information which fiber is more sustainable.
Overview
The Sustainable Apparel Coalition developed the Higg Index. Founded in 2011, it is a nonprofit organization whose members include brands producing apparel or footwear; retailers; industry affiliates and trade associations; the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, academic institutions and environmental nonprofits.
The Higg Index provides a tool for the apparel industry and footwear industry to assess sustainability throughout a product's entire life cycle, from materials to end-of-life. The metrics created Higg Index are limited to a company's internal use for the evaluation and improvement of environmental performance. As of 2012, plans for a future version included a scoring scale to communicate a product's sustainability to consumers and other stakeholders.
History
The Higg Index was adapted from two previously existing sustainability measurement standards: the Nike Apparel Environmental Design Tool and the 2007 Eco Index created by the Outdoor Industry Association, the European Outdoor Group and the Zero Waste Alliance. The Eco Index had been created by a group of outdoor companies including REI, MEC, Patagonia, Outdoor Research and others starting in 2007. Leaders of the group at this time included Kevin Myette, Greg Scott, Ammi Borenstein, Peter Girard, Nick Sterling and many others. After 2-3 years of independent work the Eco Index was adopted by the Outdoor Industry Association and ultimately became a core component of the Higg Index.
The SAC was established as brands and retailers sought to self-regulate on environmental and sustainability issues.
Version 1.0 of the Higg Index was made public in July 2012.
According to the Coalition's Executive Director in 2012, the name "Higg" was inspired by the Higgs Boson search. The name Higg also met other key criteria: it was short, easy to pronounce and was able to clear trademark registration in 120 countries.
In its first iteration, Higg Index metrics focus on environmental factors in the apparel supply chain. As of 2013, Metrics pertaining to footwear as well as labor and social sustainability were planned for a future release. On 11 December 2013, an updated version of the Higg Index was released.
In October 2015, the Sustainable Apparel Coalition announced the launch of the Social Labor and Convergence Project, which seeks to establish a uniform standard for auditing labor conditions and social impact in the apparel and footwear industries.
Criticism
The Higg Index has been criticized for being based on poor data and using a non-transparent approach resulting in misleading information which fiber is more sustainable. The index is rating synthetics as the most sustainable choice.
In June 2022, the Norwegian Consumer Authority notified the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, H&M and Norrøna that they concluded the Higg Index was misleading to consumers. June 27, 2022 the Sustainable Apparel Coalition said that it will pause the use of consumer-facing Higg labels globally.
References
External links
Sustainable Apparel Coalition
Higg Index apparel coalition
Nike Environmental Design Tool
The Eco IndexOutdoor Industry Association
Sustainability Working GroupOutdoor Industry Association
The European Outdoor Group
Zero Waste Alliance
Fashion
Clothing and the environment
Sustainability metrics and indices
Environmental indices
Textile organizations
Futsal at the 2007 Pan American Games took place at the Rio Centro Complex in a temporary facility. It was the first time the sport was played in a Pan American Games, mainly because Brazil hosted the games, and it is very popular there.
In each group, each team played against all others once and the two best teams in each group advanced to the semifinals. The teams that did not advance to the semi-finals played 5th to 8th classification matches.
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Consolation round
Classification 5th-8th
Seventh Place
Fifth Place
Final round
Semifinals
Bronze Medal
Gold Medal
Final classification
2007
Events at the 2007 Pan American Games
2007
The Parish Church and Sanctuary of Our Lady of Graces () is a Roman Catholic parish church in Żabbar, Malta, dedicated to Our Lady of Graces. The church was originally built between 1641 and 1696 to designs of the Renaissance architect Tommaso Dingli. Its façade, an outstanding example of Maltese Baroque architecture, was built in 1738 to designs of Giovanni Bonavia. The dome was rebuilt in the early 19th century after it had been damaged during the French blockade of 1798–1800, and it was rebuilt again in the first half of the 20th century to designs of Giuseppe Pace.
History
A shrine dedicated to Our Lady of Graces existed in Żabbar since at least the 16th century, and it was sacked by the Ottomans during a raid in 1614. The town became a parish in 1615, and the present church was constructed between 1641 and 1696, to designs of the architect Tommaso Dingli. The main aisle was complete by 1658, and the old church was retained as a sacristy. The church was decorated with an altarpiece painted by Alessio Erardi in 1715, and the interior was fully complete by 1723. The church radically altered in 1738, when its façade was rebuilt in the Baroque style to designs of Giovanni Bonavia. The church was dedicated on 31 October 1784. This has been hailed as one of the best examples of Maltese Baroque architecture.
During the French blockade of 1798–1800, Żabbar was held by Maltese insurgents, and it was repeatedly bombarded by French forces from the nearby Cottonera Lines. During one of the bombardments in November 1799, a cannonball hit the church's dome, and a woman was killed by falling stones. Meanwhile, Maltese insurgents built an artillery battery near the church in order to bombard French positions. After the blockade was over, the dome had to be completely rebuilt due to the damage it had sustained, while the right belfry had also suffered considerable damage and it was also repaired in 1801.
In 1926, the dome was rebuilt again and side chapels were constructed to designs of Giuseppe Pace. In 1951, the church's altarpiece was crowned by Archbishop Mikiel Gonzi, and in 2001 a silver diadem was placed on it by Archbishop Joseph Mercieca.
The church is scheduled as a Grade 1 national monument, and it is also listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands.
Architecture
The church has a cruciform plan with three bay naves. It has two bell towers that have a pyramidal spire, a large dome and smaller ones on the transepts.
The church's façade includes a colonnaded portico having rectangular recesses topped by an entablature, a cornice and balustrades. The façade is divided into three bays by flat pilasters topped by Corinthian capitals. It is further divided into tiers, with the middle one containing three apertures, with a window in the centre and statues on either side. The central bay has a scrolled pedestal and a cross.
Żabbar Sanctuary Museum
The Żabbar parish maintains a museum housed in a purposely-built building adjacent to the church. The museum was established in 1954, and it contains many artifacts, both religious and secular. Its key holdings include a collection of ex-voto paintings which were offered to Our Lady of Graces, two sedan chairs which were used by Grand Masters in the 17th and 18th centuries, and paintings and other works of art that were formerly located in the sanctuary and in other churches and chapels in Żabbar.
References
External links
Żabbar
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Malta
Limestone churches in Malta
Renaissance architecture in Malta
Baroque church buildings in Malta
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1696
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1738
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
This is a list of television programmes formerly and currently broadcast by the British & Irish children's television channel Nicktoons, a sister network to Nickelodeon.
Current programming
Programming from Nickelodeon
Former programming
44 Cats (2020–2021)
Aaahh!!! Real Monsters (2002–2011)
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (2002–2013)
The Adventures of Kid Danger (2018–2019; 2021)
All Grown Up! (2004–2010; 2017)
ALVINNN!!! and the Chipmunks (2016–2022)
The Amanda Show (2011)
The Angry Beavers (2002–2010)
Animal Crackers (2002–2004)
Arthur (2002–2004) (Moved to CBBC)
As Told by Ginger (2002–2008)
Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005–2017; 2020–2022)
Back at the Barnyard (2008–2014)
The Barbarian and the Troll (2021)
Beyblade: Metal Saga (2010–2015)
Big Blue (2021–2022)
Big Guy and the Rusty the Boy Robot (2004)
Blaze and the Monster Machines (2020)
Breadwinners (2014–2020)
Bunsen Is a Beast (2017–2020)
Carrot Oont Rabbit
The Casagrandes (2020–2022)
CatDog (2002–2013)
Catscratch (2006–2010)
ChalkZone (2003–2008)
Dan Dare: Pilot of the Future (2004–2006)
Danny Phantom (2004–2014; 2020)
Dorg Van Dango (2020–2021) (now on CITV)
Doug (2002–2010)
Drake & Josh (2010–2012)
Earthworm Jim (2002–2009)
Edgar & Ellen (2007–2009)
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera (2007–2011)
The Fairly OddParents (2002–2022)
Fanboy & Chum Chum (2010–2017)
George of the Jungle (2007–2010)
Get Blake! (2015–2019)
The Gnoufs (2002–2006)
Gormiti (2009–2015)
Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids (2010–2018)
Growing Up Creepie (2007–2010)
Harvey Beaks (2015–2018)
Hey Arnold! (2002–2017)
Huntik: Secrets & Seekers (2013–2014)
Invader Zim (2002–2017)
It's Pony (2020–2022)
KaBlam! (2002–2005)
Kappa Mikey (2006–2009)
Kenan & Kel (2011)
King (2004–2009)
King Arthur's Disasters (2006–2011)
Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness (2011–2016; 2019–2021)
The Legend of Korra (2015–2016; 2020–2022)
Lego City Adventures (2019–2021, now on Nickelodoen)
The Loud House (2016–2022)
Matt Hatter Chronicles (2011–2015)
Max Steel (2013–2015)
Middlemost Post (2021–2022)
The Mighty B! (2009–2013)
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (2011–2014)
Mix Master (2007–2009)
Mona the Vampire (2002–2003)
Monsters vs. Aliens (2013–2015)
Monsuno (2012–2014)
Mr. Bean: The Animated Series (2004–2010, now on CITV & Boomerang)
Mr. Meaty (2007–2008)
Mr. Magoo (2020–2021) (Originally and now on CITV)
My Dad the Rock Star (2005–2006)
My Life as a Teenage Robot (2005–2008)
Mysticons (2018)
Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide (2010–2012)
Nick Kicks (2016–2017)
Oggy and the Cockroaches (2014-2018)
Oh Yeah! Cartoons (2002–2005)
Ollie's Pack (2020–2021)
Pelswick (2002–2005)
The Penguins of Madagascar (2009–2016)
Pet Alien (2007–2011)
Pig Goat Banana Cricket (2018–2021)
Planet Sheen (2011–2016)
Power Rangers Megaforce (2013–2017)
Power Rangers Samurai (2011–2014)
Rabbids Invasion (2014–2019)
Rainbow Butterfly Unicorn Kitty (2019)
The Ren & Stimpy Show (2002–2017) (since August 25, 2022, now airing on Comedy Central)
Renford Rejects (2011)
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy (2008–2010)
Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2018–2020)
Robot and Monster (2013–2016)
Rocket Monkeys (2013–2018)
Rocket Power (2002–2011)
Rocko's Modern Life (2002–2017)
Rugrats (2002–2022)
Ryan's Mystery Playdate (2020)
Sanjay and Craig (2013–2022)
The Smurfs (2021–2022)
Space Goofs (2005–2008)
Spliced (2009–2013)
The Spectacular Spider-Man (2008)
Spider-Man: The New Animated Series (2003–2005)
SpongeBob SquarePants (2002–2022)
Star Trek: Prodigy (2022)
Supah Ninjas (2012)
The Super Hero Squad Show (2009–2012)
T.U.F.F. Puppy (2011–2016)
Tak and the Power of Juju (2008–2013)
Takeshi's Castle Thailand (2018–2022)
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2012–2018)
The Three Friends & Jerry (2004–2010)
ToonMarty (2017–2018)
Transformers: Animated (2008–2012)
The Troop (2010–2012)
Viva Piñata (2007–2009)
Wayside (2008–2009)
Welcome to the Wayne (2018–2019)
The Wild Thornberrys (2002–2008; 2017)
Winx Club (2005–2008)
The X's (2006–2008)
Yakkity Yak (2003–2006)
Yu-Gi-Oh! (2002–2011)
Yu-Gi-Oh! GX (2006–2010)
See also
List of programmes broadcast by Nickelodeon (British and Irish TV channel)
References
Nicktoons
Doublets or queen's game is an historical English tables game for two people which was popular in the 17th and 18th centuries. Although played on a board similar to that now used for backgammon, it is a simple game of hazard bearing little resemblance to backgammon. Very similar games were played in mainland Europe, the earliest recorded dating to the 14th century.
History
Doublets may be an elaboration of the Spanish game of doblet which is described in detail in 1283 in El Libro de los Juegos published by Alfonso X of Castile.
In 1534, a game called renette or reynette ("little queen") appears in the list of games in Gargantua published by Rabelais. According to Cotgrave's French Dictionary of 1611, renette is "a game of tables of some resemblance with our Doublets or Queenes Game..." The name "queen's game" is recorded as early as 1554 and doublets in 1549 in a sermon by Latimer to Edward VI: "they be at their doublets still." Hyde (1694) equates doublets to the French game known variously as tables rabattues, dames rabattues or dames avallées.
By 1621, doublets was clearly well known enough to be mentioned in Taylor's Motto thus: "At Irish, Tick-tacke, Doublets, Draughts or Chesse, He flings his money free with carelessnesse". The earliest known English rules were written down around 1665-1670 by Willughby in his Volume of Plaies, who describes "Dublets" as "the most childish game at Tables in which there is nothing but chance and scarce any skill." He was followed by Cotton, (1674) Seymour (1750) and Johnson, in the various editions of The Compleat Gamester, the later editions being reprints of the first with minor spelling changes.
Equipment
The game is played on a tables board of the type used for backgammon. It has two halves known as tables each of 6 points a side. Players sit on opposite sides of the board and only one table is used. The outermost point on each side is point 1; the innermost, next to the bar is point 6. Each player has 15 counters known as men, one player having white men and the other player, having black ones. Two dice are used.
Aim
The aim of doublets is to be first to play off all one's men.
Rules
The following rules of play are based on Willughby.
Players begin by dressing the board on the side nearest to them as follows:
Points 1-3: Two men are placed on each point, one on top of the other
Points 4-6: Three men are placed on each point in a pile, one on top of the other.
Players throw the dice to decide who goes first. Each player takes a die and throws it. The one with the highest cast wins, picks up both dice and makes the first throw of the game.
In turn, each player throws the dice and moves his or her men based on the result. There are two phases of play:
Phase 1. Players play down a man for each cast of the die. For example, with throws of 2 and 6, the player takes the upper of the two men on point 2 and places it on the same point but above the lower man; they also take the top of the three men on point 6 and place it on the point above the remaining pile of two. If the men on a point corresponding to a die throw have already been played down, the throw is lost.
Phase 2. When all the men are played down, they are played off or borne off. For example, if a player throws 1 and 5, he may remove a man from each of points 1 and 5. If the point corresponding to a die throw is vacant because the men have already been borne off, the throw counts for nothing.
If a doublet is thrown, the player may play down (in phase 1) or bear off (in phase 2) as many men as the total of the two dice e.g. if two deuces are thrown, four men may be played or borne off; if two fives are thrown, ten men may be played down or borne off. Hence the name of the game.
The first to play off all his or her men wins the game.
Variation
Cotton's description is broadly similar except that, when a player is unable to use the throw of a die, the opponent may use it instead if able. This rule is also found in dames rabattues—see below—but the rules for bearing off in the French variant are different.
Doblet
Doblet is one of 15 games recorded in Alfonso X's book of games. It is simpler than English doublets, but uses three dice. There are two players who only have 12 men each and they place them in pairs on the six points on the table of the board nearest to them. Each pair is stacked, one man being placed on top of the other. The players use the same table of the board, so the pieces are opposite one another. The players roll a die each and the one with the higher cast goes first. Again there are two types of move: first players unstack men based on the numbers they roll i.e. a throw of 1, 3 and 5 entitles a man to be unstacked from each of points 1, 3 and 5. Second, players bear off their men based on the throw of the dice. If a player cannot use a throw, the opponent may utilise it instead and may even win in doing so. The winner is the first to bear off all 12 men.
This is "the exact description" of the French game of dames rabattues in Moulidars' Encyclopédie des Jeux (1888) except for the number of men and dice used and their deployment.
Dames rabattues
In France, a very similar game was played, variously called tables rabattues, dames rabattues or dames avallées. The game is listed by Rabelais in Gargantua in 1534 and extensive rules appear from around 1699 onwards. The following is based on the 1715 compendium published by Charpentier.
The game is for two players who require a trictrac board, fifteen men each, two dice cups and two dice. Only the half of the board—the table "nearest the light"—is used and the men are stacked as in doublets: two each on points 1-3 and three each on points 4-6, players stacking them on the side of the board nearest to them. Players throw for the lead and the one who throws higher goes first. Players unstack one man per die on the point whose number corresponds to that die. Once all his or her points are unstacked, a player may begin to bear off; again bearing off one man per die on the point corresponding to the throw of that die. The player who is first to bear off all 15 men wins. There are two key differences when compared with doublets. First, a player who throws a doublet keeps the dice and has another throw; this continues until two singles are thrown. Second, if a player is unable to use a die throw, the opponent uses it instead. It is thus possible to win the game on the throw of your opponent's dice. An important exception is that a player who has not yet unstacked all 15 men may not utilise the throw of an opponent who is in the process of bearing off.
Ofanfelling
Ofanfelling or ofanfellingartafl is an "ancient" Icelandic game described by Fiske (1905). In this version, each player has 12 men which they deploy in their right-hand table, stacking two on each point as in Spanish doblet. After throwing to decide who goes first, each player, in turn, unstacks his men in accordance with the throw of the two dice. Doublets entitle a player to another throw and unusable throws do not count. A key difference is that, in phase 2, players re-stack their men on the same point. Finally, there is a third phase in which, once the men are all restacked, they are borne off "exactly as at backgammon" and the first to bear off all 12 men wins.
Footnotes
References
Literature
Charpentier, Henry (1715), Le Jeu du Trictrac, Enrichi de Figures Avec les Jeux du Revertier, du Toute-Table, du Tourne-Case, des Dames Rabattues, du Plain, et du Toc., 3rd revised, corrected and expanded edn. Paris: Henry Charpentier (1st edn. 1698 - only Trictrac, 2nd edn. 1701).
Alfonso X (1283). Libro de los Juegos. Seville. MS held in the Escurial, Madrid.
Cotgrave, Randle (1611). A Dictionarie of the French and English Tongues London: Adam Islip.
Cotton, Charles (1674). The Compleat Gamester. London: A.M.
Fiske, Willard (1905). Chess in Iceland and in Icelandic Literature: with Historical Notes on Other Table-Games. Florence: The Florentine Typographical Society.
Forgeng, Jeff, Dorothy Johnston and David Cram (2003). Francis Willughby's Book of Games. Ashgate Press. .
Forgeng, Jeffrey L. and Will McLean (2009). Daily Life in Chaucer's England, 2nd edn. Westport, CT and London: Greenwood.
Johnson, Charles (1754). The Compleat Gamester, 8th edn. London: J. Hodges.
Parlett, David (1999). The Oxford History of Board Games. Oxford: OUP.
Seymour, Richard. The Compleat Gamester, 7th edn. London: J. Hodges.
Taylor, John (1621). Taylor's Motto: Et Habeo, Et Careo, Et Curo. Edward Allde.
Willughby, Francis (2003). Forgeng, Jeff; Johnston, Dorothy; Cram, David (eds.). Francis Willughby's Book of Games. Farnham: Ashgate. ISBN 1-85928-460-4. (Critical edition of Willughby's volume containing descriptions of games and pastimes, c.1660-1672. Manuscript in the Middleton collection, University of Nottingham; document reference Mi LM 14)
Historical tables games
British board games
Games of chance
16th-century board games
Hits U Missed Vol. 2 is a compilation album from Hip Hop artist Masta Ace. Unlike the first volume, Hits U Missed, which featured all Ace singles, this installment is composed of collaborations and mixtape tracks featuring Ace.
Track listing
"Survival" Koolade featuring Masta Ace
Originally released on the "Survival" single (2004, ABB Records)
"What Am I?" DJ JS-1 featuring Masta Ace
Originally released on DJ JS-1's Ground Control (2003, Yosumi Records)
"Gimme Gimme Gimme" J-Zone featuring Masta Ace
Originally released on J-Zone's $ick of Being Rich (2003, Fat Beats)
"What Is It" Tommy Tee featuring Masta Ace
From Midnight Club II video game (2003)
"Out Da Box" Tony Touch featuring Pete Rock, Large Professor and Masta Ace
Originally released on Tony Touch's The Piece Maker 2 (2004, Landspeed Records)
"Again" DJ Serious featuring Masta Ace
Originally released on the "Again" single (2004, Audio Research)
"Figure 8" UK's Finest & Masta Ace
"The Call" Code Red featuring Masta Ace
Originally released on Code Red's Since Forever Til Forever (2002, 502 Headz Records)
"Family 1st" Punchline featuring Apocalypse & Masta Ace
Originally released on the "Family 1st" single (2003, Get Large Records)
"Boulevard Connection" Edo G, Common and Masta Ace
Originally released on the "CPH Claimin' Respect #2" single (2004, Boulevard Connection Records)
"We Get It Done" Masta Ace, Strick and Joe Buddah
"Get Large" Tribeca featuring Lord Tariq, Mr. Complex & Masta Ace
Originally released on the "Get Large" single (2003, Major League Records)
"Who Killed Hip Hop" Shams the Professor featuring Masta Ace
Masta Ace albums
2005 compilation albums
The russet-mantled softtail (Thripophaga berlepschi) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
russet-mantled softtail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
russet-mantled softtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Nathan B. Kelley (February 26, 1808 – November 20, 1871) was an American architect and builder. He was a prolific architect whose designs dominated the cityscape of Columbus, Ohio at the middle of the 19th century.
Life and work
Little personal information exists about Kelley before he began a major commission in 1835 for the Columbus State Hospital, when he was 27 years of age. At about the same time, he was named as construction superintendent of the Ohio State School for the Blind. In the 1840s, city directories list him as surveyor and engineer for the city of Columbus.
His most significant works are the interior space and mechanical systems of the Ohio Statehouse. This massive government building was erected between 1839 and 1861, with Kelley serving as one of four principal architects between 1854 and 1858. When he came to the project, Kelley basically began from scratch, as his predecessors had taken all plans and working drawings away with them. Walls and some flooring were in place, and first steps in erecting iron trusses for the roof had begun. Undaunted by the great scope of work before him, he saw it as fitting challenge for his abilities, stating the project was "a rare field for the exercise of ingenuity and invention in the correction of mistakes, careless conclusions and want of foresight." Seeing the building had no provision for heating or ventilation, Kelley designed an innovative steam heating system that was highly effective, at a time when central heating was a rare and expensive luxury. He was responsible for the finishing touches on the exterior of the building, as well as the design and engineering of most of the interior spaces.
Kelley was forced off the project after repeated conflicts with the commission that oversaw the work for the state government. The major source of controversy arose from Kelley's florid and elegant plasterwork and high level of ornamentation, which reflects the use of Classical motifs combined with the decorative sensibilities of the Victorian era, and contrasted sharply with the restrained Greek Revival exterior of the structure. Kelley envisioned a highly decorated interior, in accord with the elegance and noble purpose of the building itself, and the stature of such a place in the developing state. He believed if the work were done in the "bare and bald" style, which the government commission overseeing the work favored, it would meet with little acceptance and have to soon be done over at great cost and effort. The chambers used by the House and Senate are basically as Kelley pictured them, though with some modern additions and alteration of layout, but with decorative scheme intact. They give some indication of what he would have done as far as finishes in the central rotunda, which he planned to be the most ornate and opulent space in the building. He made further recommendations that monumental paintings or murals be installed in the rotunda (the panels intended for this purpose were never hung with art as he wished), and hoped that the government "would see fit to honor the nation's great general" (George Washington) with a statue in the rotunda, which also never came to pass.
In Columbus, in addition to the psychiatric hospital, blind school and Ohio Statehouse. Kelley was responsible for the 1840 Franklin County Courthouse, many schools and churches, commercial buildings, and a variety of private residences. His residence for Benjamin E. Smith, one of his last active commissions, was completed in 1871, and is still in use as a home for the Columbus Club. Another surviving building is the Hayden Block, a yellow sandstone building on Broad Street directly to the north of the statehouse. Originally a bank and office building, it still is used for those purposes. A powerhouse for the city of Columbus, begun soon before his death and completed by his son James, was located near the Scioto River, on land that is still used by the city for a utility complex.
Immediately after his dismissal from the Ohio Statehouse project, he left the Columbus area and worked in southwest Ohio and in Kentucky. In the western Kentucky city of Hopkinsville, Kelley made a significant contribution to the built landscape. His projects in the city overlap his tenure on the Ohio Statehouse, beginning with the woman's school Bethel College, completed in 1855. He also erected a home for the Leavell family and a second all-female institution of higher learning, South Kentucky College (1858). He also built a second mental institution, which still stands and houses patients, the Western State Hospital.
In his long career, Kelley combined a tenacious ability to champion his own personal artistic choices with a willingness to recognize changes in popular taste and fashion. In his obituary in the Columbus Statesman newspaper, his work was called "of the substantial kind, with a most desirable absence of that confusion of styles which condemns so many expensive buildings."
Many of Kelley's buildings in Columbus and other locations did not survive, as growth and development overtook them. His life and career are an example of how someone well regarded and respected in his own time can come to be almost anonymous a century after his death.
Death
No image of the man himself exists and his grave in Green Lawn Cemetery was unmarked until 2012, when a preservation group funded a stone monument fashioned from Columbus limestone, the material used for the Ohio Statehouse.
Personal life
Kelley married the former Malinda Hufford in 1832, shortly before they moved to Columbus. The Hufford family was of Swiss extraction, having originally settled in Virginia before coming to Ohio in 1831. Kelley is listed as head of household in the 1840, 1850 and 1870 U.S. censuses as residing in Columbus, and he and his family are enumerated three times in 1860 :in Columbus, the 6th ward of Cincinnati and in Hopkinsville, Christian County, Kentucky. Census records, burial records and city directories make it possible to state that Kelley had two sons, William George (1843–1867) and James H (1847–1876). He had at least one daughter, perhaps two, but records are contradictory. Martha Jane Kelley (1835–1836) is buried in Green Lawn beside her father and brothers. A Maria Kelley, aged 3, is part of the 1850 census listing, but appears in no other census listings, and is not mentioned in probate records when Kelley died.
James H. Kelley is listed in city directories as clerk to his father, or architect in his own right. The very real possibility that there are no direct descendants of Nathan B. Kelley is evidenced by the fact that his wife is mentioned as having resided with her brother Daniel Hufford for six years in his obituary dated 1891. It is unlikely that Malinda Kelley would have had to rely upon the charity of her brother if any of her own children had been able to provide for her. This is confirmed by the fact that probate records for the estate of Nathan Kelley indicate he died intestate, Malinda Kelley requested not to serve as executor, and James H. Kelley requested that duty as the only child and heir. Malinda Hufford Kelley died in 1893.
Kelley was a member of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows (IOOF), a fraternal organization devoted to the welfare and betterment of its members and society at large. He was a founder of the first IOOF lodge in Columbus, the group for most of its life meeting in a building at the corner of High and State Streets that also contained a bank and Kelley's offices.
Family name and history
As is typical of the time period, there was little consistency in the spelling of personal names. In various sources, it is spelled either Kelley or Kelly. Burial records from Green Lawn Cemetery and his daughter's tombstone there, as well as his grandfather's biography from an early history of Warren County have it as Kelley, while his obituary in a Columbus newspaper and his own signature on working drawings omit the final ‘e' and spell the name Kelly. In some sources he is also known as N.B. Kelley.
Kelley was of Anglo-Irish heritage, his great-grandfather John Kelley leaving Belfast, Ireland to settle in New Castle, Delaware. The architect was named for his paternal grandfather, Nathan Kelley (1760–1845), who left Delaware to head west, first to south western Pennsylvania, where he married Hannah Miller, and then to Warren County in what was then the Northwest Territory. The elder Nathan was a prosperous farmer who served the area as justice of the peace, appeals court judge and state representative. Nathan B. Kelley was the third of 8 children born to James Miller Kelley and Rebecca Ludlum Kelley. The Ludlum line can be traced back to Derbyshire, England. The Kelley family had a demonstrated habit of sharing names among generations and branches of the family, so that Nathan had both uncles and brothers with the same names. He had a nephew, Nathan Kelley Hufford, named in his honor. His elder brothers Thomas Jefferson Kelley and George Washington Kelley demonstrate the patriotic zeal felt in the still young nation.
Kelley's younger brother James Finley Kelley (1816–1894) was also a resident of Columbus, Ohio, where with his wife, the former Eliza Van Horn, he raised three children: Albert (b. 1845), a railroad brakeman, Virginia (b. 1857), a school teacher, and Rebecca (b. 1859). Census records list James? F. Kelley as a pattern maker and metal foundry supervisor, so it is likely he was involved in the statehouse project in some capacity.
References
Executive Documents of the State of Ohio, annual reports of the statehouse commissioners, reports of the statehouse architect, published by the state printing office, 1854, 1855, 1856, 1857
Cummings, Abbott Lowell, Ohio's Capitols at Columbus, 1948 unpublished manuscript held at the Ohio Historical Society
United States Census documents
Probate records of Franklin County, State of Ohio, held on microfilm at the Ohio Historical Society
External links
Columbus Club -- originally the Benjamin E. Smith residence, now a private club
Market House&caption=Central Market Scene&backpage=oldcolumbus/downtown.cfm&imagename=doc_oldcolumbus/market.jpg?fmt=jpg --Columbus' Central Market House, built by Kelley about 1850
about Kelley's Kentucky projects
Ohio State House -- photographs and history of the building
Western State Hospital, Hopkinsville, Kentucky -- asylum built by Kelley
Newspaper column about Kelley
the architect finally gets a tombstone
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Artists from Columbus, Ohio
People from Warren County, Ohio
1808 births
1871 deaths
19th-century American architects
Architects from Columbus, Ohio
American people of Anglo-Irish descent
Members of the Odd Fellows
William Wallace Ellsberry (December 18, 1833 – September 7, 1894) was an American physician and politician and a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1885 to 1887.
Early life and career
Born in New Hope, Ohio, Ellsberry attended the public schools of Brown County and a private academy in Clermont County.
He taught school two years.
Began the study of medicine with his father.
He attended medical lectures and graduated from the Cincinnati College of Medicine and Surgery, and later from the Ohio Medical College.
He engaged in the practice of his profession at Georgetown, Ohio, until his election to Congress.
County auditor.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880.
Congress
Ellsberry was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1887).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1886.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of medicine until his death in Georgetown, Ohio, September 7, 1894.
He was interred in Confidence Cemetery.
References
1833 births
1894 deaths
Physicians from Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Medicine alumni
People from Brown County, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Georgetown, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Dino is a surname. It may refer to:
Abedin Dino (1843–1906), Albanian politician
Abidin Dino (1913–1993), Turkish painter
Ahmed Dino (1785–1849), Albanian military leader and politician
Ali Dino (1889–1938), Albanian cartoonist and a Member of the Greek Parliament
Gerald Nicholas Dino (born 1940), American clergyman
Güzin Dino (1910–2013), Turkish literary scholar, linguist, translator and writer
Kenny Dino (Kenneth J. Diono, 1939–2009), American singer
Rasih Dino (1865–1928), Albanian politician
Shahin Dino, Albanian politician and diplomat in the 19th and early 20th centuries
Xhemil Dino (1894–1972), Albanian politician and diplomat
See also
Diño, Filipino surname
El Camino Real is a work for concert band by the American composer Alfred Reed.
Program Notes
The following are the program notes that Alfred Reed wrote to accompany his composition:
References
Program note by Alfred Reed, from the score to El Camino Real.
Compositions by Alfred Reed
Concert band pieces
Archaeopithecus is an extinct genus of Notoungulate, belonging to the suborder Typotheria. It lived during the Middle Eocene, in what is today Argentina.
Description
This animal is mostly known from several cranial remains, including an almost complete skull, teeth and mandibles. Comparison with some of its better known relatives allows portraying a small animal, somewhat similar with rodents, and weighing less than two kilograms. The snout was higher than in Notopithecus, with a longer rostrum ; the mandible was short and thick, with a particularly massive, short and broad mandibular symphysis. The tympanic bullae were modestly sized.
Archaeopithecus had conical incisors, similar to its canines, and triangular-shaped upper premolars, devoid of hypocone. The premolars and molars had a strong parastyle and a paracone fold. Unlike other Eocene notoungulates such as Notopithecus and Oldfieldthomasia, which had low-crowned teeth, Archaeopithecus had a near-hypsodont (high-crowned) dentition, with short diastemas between the anterior teeth. The teeth of Archaeopithecus show an important occlusal variability during growth, associated with a variation caused by wear in the size of the teeth : with the progress of dental wear, the upper molars became wider, while the lower molars became broad and short.
Classification
The type species, Archaeopithecus rongeri, was first described in 1897 by Florentino Ameghino. It is known from various fossils discovered in Middle Eocene terrains of Argentina. More recently, other species of small notoungulates from the same terrains were described, including Acropithecus tersus and Archaeopithecus rigidus. Several studies tried subsequently to shed light on their taxonomic confusion ; a recent review of their fossil materials indicates that all those species are most probably synonymous with the type species.
Archaeopithecus and Acropithecus were initially described by Ameghino as primitive monkeys, hence their name, Archaeopithecus ("archaic monkey") and Acropithecus ("highest monkey"), but were later correctly attributed to the order Notoungulata. There is still doubts over the real relationships of this genus within Notoungulata ; it is often placed, with its relative Teratopithecus, within the family Archaeopithecidae, sometimes including the better known genus Notopithecus, and characterized by the characteristic conical incisors and canines and the near hypsodont molars. It may have been an archaic member of the suborder Typotheria, a group of rodent-like notoungulates.
References
F. Ameghino. 1897. Mammiféres crétacés de l'Argentine (Deuxième contribution à la connaissance de la fauna mammalogique de couches à Pyrotherium) [Cretaceous mammals of Argentina (second contribution to the knowledge of the mammalian fauna of the Pyrotherium Beds)]. Boletin Instituto Geografico Argentino 18(4–9):406-521
F. Ameghino. 1904. Nuevas especies de mamíferos, cretáceos y terciarios de la República Argentina [New species of mammals, Cretaceous and Tertiarty, from the Argentine Republic]. Anales de la Sociedad Cientifica Argentina 56–58:1-142
G. G. Simpson. 1967. The beginning of the age of mammals in South America. Part II. Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History 137:1-260
B. Vera. 2016. Phylogenetic revision of the South American notopithecines (Mammalia: Notoungulata). Journal of Systematic Palaeontology 14:461-480.
Notoungulates
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Fossil taxa described in 1897
Prehistoric placental genera
Halifax commonly refers to:
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
Halifax, West Yorkshire, England
Halifax (bank), a British bank
Halifax may also refer to:
Places
Australia
Halifax, Queensland, a coastal town in the Shire of Hinchinbrook
Halifax Bay, a bay south of the town of Halifax
Canada
Nova Scotia
Halifax, Nova Scotia, the capital city of the province
Downtown Halifax
Halifax Peninsula, part of the core of the municipality
Mainland Halifax, a region of the municipality
Halifax (electoral district), a federal electoral district
Halifax (provincial electoral district), a provincial electoral district
Halifax County, Nova Scotia, the county dissolved into the regional municipality in 1996
Halifax Harbour, a saltwater harbour
Halifax West, a federal electoral district since 1979
Prince Edward Island
Halifax Parish, Prince Edward Island
British Columbia
Halifax Range, a mountain range
United Kingdom
Halifax, West Yorkshire, England
Halifax (UK Parliament constituency)
United States
Halifax, Kentucky, an unincorporated community in Allen County
Halifax, Massachusetts, in Plymouth County
Halifax (MBTA station)
Halifax, Missouri
Halifax, North Carolina
Halifax County, North Carolina
Halifax, Pennsylvania, a borough in Dauphin County
Halifax Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Halifax, Vermont, in Windham County
Halifax, Virginia
Halifax County, Virginia (named for George Montague-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax)
Halifax area, in Florida
Halifax River, in Florida (named for George Montague-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax)
People
Halifax (name), including a list of people and characters with the name
Earl of Halifax
Arts, entertainment, and media
Music
Halifax (band), an American rock band
"Halifax", a song by Pete Yorn from ArrangingTime
Brands and enterprises
Halifax (bank), part of the Lloyds Banking Group
Halifax (Ireland), part of the Lloyds Banking Group
Military
, the name of two Canadian naval vessels
HMCS Halifax (FFH 330), the lead ship of the Halifax class
Halifax-class frigate, of the Canadian Navy
HMCS Halifax (K237), a World War II Flower-class corvette for convoy escort duties
, the name of several Royal Navy ships
HMS Halifax (1756), a 22-gun sloop launched in 1756 and captured by the French in the same year at Oswego
HMS Halifax (1768), a 10-gun schooner originally built for merchant service at Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1765
HMS Halifax (1775), a schooner purchased in 1775 and sold 1780
HMS Halifax (1780), an 18-gun sloop, originally USS Ranger, renamed after the ship was captured from the United States Navy on 11 May 1780, and sold in 1781,
HMS Halifax (1782), a 10-gun schooner purchased in 1782 and sold in 1784
HMS Halifax (1800), a 10-gun brig, the captured French Marie, renamed from in 1800 and sold in 1802.
HMS Halifax (1806), an 18-gun sloop launched in 1806 at Halifax, Nova Scotia and broken up in 1814
Handley Page Halifax, a British 4-engine heavy bomber of World War II
Sports
England
F.C. Halifax Town, a professional football club
Halifax Town A.F.C., a former professional football club
Halifax Panthers, a professional rugby league club
Canada
Halifax Thunderbirds, a professional box lacrosse team
Halifax Hurricanes, a professional basketball team
Halifax Mooseheads, a junior ice hockey team
Halifax Wanderers FC, a professional soccer team
Other uses
Halifax College, a college of the University of York, England
Halifax station (disambiguation), stations of the name
See also
Halifax Explosion, a 1917 explosion that leveled a large portion of Halifax, Nova Scotia
Halifax Gibbet, an early guillotine used in Halifax, West Yorkshire
Sinjŭngsan station is a railway station in Chŭngsal-li, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 4 December 1943 along with the rest of the Tongam–Paekkŭmsan section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
The Gullegem Jets are an ice hockey team in Gullegem, Belgium. They are currently playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium.
Belgian Hockey League Results
References
Ice hockey teams in Belgium
Sebastian Szymański (born 10 May 1999) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eredivisie club Feyenoord, on loan from Dynamo Moscow, and the Poland national team.
Club career
On 31 May 2019, Szymański signed a five-year contract with the Russian Premier League club Dynamo Moscow. He was voted by Dynamo fans as "player of the month" for October 2019. On 9 November 2019, he scored his first goal for Dynamo, the only goal of the game in a 1–0 victory over FC Rubin Kazan. It was the first Dynamo away victory against Rubin in 13 years.
On 2 June 2021, he signed a new contract with Dynamo for a five-year term. He was voted player of the month by Dynamo fans for July 2021, August 2021 and November 2021.
On 22 July 2022, Szymański joined Dutch club Feyenoord on a one-year loan with an option to buy for the club. He scored his first goal for the club on 27 August 2022, scoring the fourth goal in the club's 4–0 win over FC Emmen.
International career
In May 2018 he was named in Poland's preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. However, he did not make the final 23.
He made his Poland national team debut on 9 September 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Austria. He replaced Kamil Grosicki in the 70th minute. He made his first start in the next qualifier on 10 October 2019 against Latvia and assisted on one of the goals as Poland won 3–0 and secured their spot at the final tournament. He scored his first goal for his country on 19 November 2019 in the last qualifying group game against Slovenia.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Poland's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Szymański goal.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Biała Podlaska
Association football midfielders
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
Poland international footballers
Legia Warsaw II players
Legia Warsaw players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Feyenoord players
III liga players
Ekstraklasa players
Russian Premier League players
Eredivisie players
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Polish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Maa Nanna Chiranjeevi () is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language drama film produced by Murali Krishna on Laughing Lords Entertainments banner and directed by P. A. Arun Prasad. Starring Jagapati Babu, Neelima, Master Atulith and music composed by Hemachandra. The film is a remake of 2006 American film The Pursuit of Happyness, starring Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith.
Plot
The film begins at Razole where Kommalapati Chiranjeevi is a lowbrow laird. Sandhya is a lavish city-bred who is forcibly knitted with him considering his silver spoon. Sandhya starts an unwilling derision life with Chiranjeevi and the two are blessed with a son Viswanath. Slowly, she throws him into bankruptcy for her greed. Chiranjeevi takes up the crisis simply as he thinks his family is ample to him. After a few years, Vishwanath a naughty plucky boy conducts several mischievous deeds and Chiranjeevi covers up it. Since father-son share an enormous deep bond. As of today, Sandhya acquires a fine job, dumbs her husband, and willy-nilly tries to grab the kid. Like a shot, Chiranjeevi retorts, challenges Sandhya to rear their son better than her, and also states that one day she will discern the values of relations.
Presently, Chiranjeevi lands in the city underdetermination to admit Viswanath to the finest school. At the outset itself, he is swindled by a scammer who sticks a lot of dictionaries to him in name of the business that does not work. He struggles hard and faces many mortifications for the survival of his son. Just like being thrown away from railway platforms because of nonpassengers, kicked out from a wedding ceremony taking into account uninvited guests and sleeping inside an empty movie theatre, etc. Anyhow, Chiranjeevi thresholds the pain with patience. To keep Viswanath happy he fictions himself as an undercover CBI officer because he should not know the actuality. Now Chiranjeevi succeeds in acquiring a seat in a renowned school but its fee is very pricey. The school administration gives him 1 month time to pay it and takes Viswanath.
Hence, Chiranjeevi scrimps & scrounges doing countless works for 20 hours a day including donating his blood for the money. In that process, once, he rescues a factory when with an officer's aid he applies for a fireman post and prepares for it. On the final day, Chiranjeevi triumphs in accumulating the amount but alas, some goons steal it which crushes him. Simultaneously, Viswanath meets with an accident and is operated on soon for which Chiranjeevi needs money. So, he flares up on the thugs who robbed him, retrieves his money, and safeguards his son. Therefrom, everything goes while Chiranjeevi pays the fee, intellectually sells all the dictionaries and gains the fireman job. At last, Sandhya also backs after soul-searching. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the reunion of the family.
Cast
Jagapati Babu as Kommalapati Chiranjeevulu
Neelima as Kommalapati Sandhya
Master Atulith as Kommalapati Vishwanath
Brahmanandam as Maniratnam
Ali as Ram Gopal Varma
M. S. Narayana as School Principal Rajanala
Jaya Prakash Reddy as Rohit
Banerjee as Fire officer
Rajababu as Sandhya's father
Satyam Rajesh as Nagesh
Venu
Tirupathi Prakash
Jogi Naidu
Fish Venkat
Gautam Raju
Gundu Sudarshan
Junior Relangi
Jenny
Telangana Shakuntala as Didi
Jhansi as PRO Fathima Sastry
Bangalore Padma as Sandhya's mother
Apoorva
Kalpana
Ragini
Poornima
Soundtrack
Music composed by Hemachandra. Music released on ADITYA Music Company.
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Indian remakes of American films
Films directed by P. A. Arun Prasad
WCKG (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to Elmhurst, Illinois, United States. The station serves the Chicago area and is owned by DuPage Radio, LLC. The station operates during daytime hours only. Hours of operation are determined by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC); daytime broadcasting varies monthly with the changes in sunrise and sunset. Due to its close proximity to 1530 WCKY in Cincinnati, OH, its coverage diminishes during the mid afternoon. The station is also heard on 102.3 FM through a translator in Elmhurst.
History
WKDC
AM 1530 signed on the air October 10, 1974. The station's call letters were originally WKDC representing the signal coverage in Will, Kane, DuPage and Cook counties. It ran 250 watts, during daytime hours only, and aired a middle of the road (MOR) format. It was owned by Frank and Lois Blotter, operating as DuPage County Broadcasters. The studios were built for stereo (Cetec Sparta stereo audio equipment) although it was not until 1976 when the FCC authorized the station to test AM stereo. Daytime and night-time findings on AM stereo were presented at the 1977 NAB Convention in Washington, DC.
In 1981, the station was sold to Robert Snyder's Snyder Broadcasting for $1 million, and it began airing show tunes. Snyder Broadcasting filed for bankruptcy on December 29, 1982, and the station was taken off the air in October 1983 and remained off the air for over a year until it was repurchased by Frank and Lois Blotter. When it returned to the air, it began airing beautiful music and adult standards. By the early 1990s, it was airing ethnic programming and big band music.
WJJG
In 1994, the station was sold to Joe Gentile for $700,000 and its call sign was changed to WJJG. The call letters stood for owner Joseph J. Gentile. Joe's nickname was "The Baron of Barrington," where he owned a Chrysler-Plymouth dealership for many years. Gentile hosted a program weekday mornings, featuring talk and adult standards. The station also featured brokered programming, including a show hosted by John H. Cox, syndicated talk shows, and The Sounds of Sinatra with Sid Mark.
WCKG
On September 19, 2012, AM 1530 changed its call letters to WCKG. In 2013, the station was sold to DuPage Radio, LLC for $290,000. Arthur Dubiel is the majority owner, and his son, Matt runs the station.
On June 27, 2017, the FCC approved WCKG to move its FM translator, W272DQ, to the top of Trump Tower in Chicago.
On April 23, 2018, WCKG changed their format from news/talk/variety to sports, with programming from Fox Sports Radio.
On March 10, 2020, WCKG launched new "Sportsbook Radio Chicago" branding, shifting its focus to content related to sports betting. The station reverted to its previous branding on March 30 due to the Coronavirus pandemic, but later restored the new branding.
In March 2021, WCKG asked the FCC to lower its power to 190 watts and operate using a long wire antenna, as the State of Illinois enacted Eminent Domain over its tower site for highway use. With the powerful Cincinnati AM radio station on the same channel, the coverage area of the station was greatly diminished. Its construction permit for 4,000 watts was also in jeopardy.
Translator
The station is also heard on 102.3 FM through translator W272DQ in Elmhurst.
See also
Joseph J. Gentile Center
References
External links
Official website of WCKG
Local Suburban Chicago Advertising website for WCKG
CKG
Radio stations established in 1974
1974 establishments in Illinois
Sports radio stations in the United States
CKG
From Here to the Hearse is a 2010 limited edition vinyl compilation album released by American musician Wednesday 13. It features songs from his horror punk solo career and his various side projects such as his outlaw country project Bourbon Crow, his glam metal project Gunfire 76 and covers from his previous band Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13. It was a limited release only seeing 1,000 copies being made in the US. The album title is taken from the track of the same name on Wednesday's Skeletons album.
Background
The album features five studio tracks from his solo career with "It's a Wonderful Lie" being a previously unreleased Digital only single. It also features 1 live track from his solo career "197666" which is a cover from his previous band Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13. The album also features 2 tracks from Bourbon Crow and 2 tracks from Gunfire 76. The artwork was handled by Marlene Elizabeth and the photos were handled by James Williams from Razorstrike.com.
Track listing
Side 1
Gimmie Gimmie Bloodshed - 2:19 (Wednesday 13 - Skeletons)
From Here to the Hearse - 3:21 (Wednesday 13 - Skeletons)
B-Movie Babylon - 5:02 (Wednesday 13 - Bloodwork)
I Love to Say Fuck - 6:22 (Wednesday 13 - Bloodwork) (2007 Version)
Suck My Dixie - 2:11 (Bourbon Crow - Highway to Hangovers)
Side 2
Long Way to the Bottom - 2:54 (Bourbon Crow - Long Way to the Bottom)
197666 (live) - 2:54 (Wednesday 13 - Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13 cover)
Los Angel-Less - 4:27 (Gunfire 76 - Casualties & Tragedies)
One More Reason - 3:52 (Gunfire 76 - Casualties & Tragedies)
It's a Wonderful Lie - 4:10 (Wednesday 13 - Xanaxtasy digital single)
References
2010 compilation albums
Wednesday 13 albums
The Northwest New Mexico Correctional Facility (NNMCF), formerly the New Mexico Women's Correctional Facility (NMWCF), is a privately owned prison for men, located in Grants, Cibola County, New Mexico.
The prison is owned and operated by the Corrections Corporation of America, under contract with the New Mexico Corrections Department. It opened in 1989 as the first privatized women's prison in the U.S.
In late 2015 state officials announced a plan to transfer all female inmates out of the facility, and to consolidate New Mexico's estimated population of 1200 sex offenders here. In August 2016 it was renamed as Northwest New Mexico Correctional Center.
References
External links
Northwest New Mexico Correctional Facility
Prisons in New Mexico
Buildings and structures in Cibola County, New Mexico
CoreCivic
1989 establishments in New Mexico
Gaddi's is a French haute cuisine restaurant situated in The Peninsula Hong Kong hotel. It was opened in 1953 and named after a former general manager of The Peninsula, Leo Gaddi. The current chef de cuisine is Albin Gobil.
Decor
The decor is meant to evoke old Hong Kong and the hotel's original 1928 neoclassical architecture. It has a European dining room, with two six-foot crystal-and-silver chandeliers from Paris, Tai Ping carpets, and a Chinese coromandel screen dating from 1670.
It also created the first chef's table in Hong Kong where the Chef Table diners sit at a special table beside the Gaddi's kitchen viewing the dishes being prepared.
Food
The food is classically French but with inventive European influences.Online Frommer's review
Examples of past dishes include:
Raw-marinated foie gras with toasted brioche
Twice-cooked pork belly with mustard risotto
Bitter herb salad and balsamico sauce
Specially selected American Black Angus Sirloin baked in a rosemary and salt crust with pea puree
Roquefort fritters and pan-fried rye bread with melted Camembert and oscietra caviar
There is a ten-course tasting menu which lets the diners taste a sample of many of Gaddi's famous dishes.
The wine cellar is among the best and largest in Hong Kong, with a collection of rare vintages.
In a 2006 Independent feature on romantic dining, author Alexandra Antonioni wrote: "They don't make restaurants like this any more and everyone should dine at Gaddi's at least once in their lifetime. Nothing can touch it for glamour and sheer indulgence."
Recognitions
One Michelin star, <<Michelin Guide Hong Kong Macau 2021>>
2020 Forbes Travel Guide Five-Star restaurant
Pinor – China's Wine List of The Year Awards 2018
Wine Spectator 2020 – Best of Award of Excellence
Wine Luxe Magazine: Wine by The Glass Restaurant Awards Gold Medal 2020
Wine Luxe Magazine - Top 10 Wine Pairing Restaurant Awards 2020
References
Restaurants in Hong Kong
French restaurants
Restaurants established in 1953
1953 establishments in Hong Kong
Duarte Daun e Lorena Cardoso Pinto (born 17 March 1982 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese rugby union footballer. He plays as a fly-half.
Before moving to France, he played for Agronomia in Portugal, where he won the National Championship title in 2006–2007. He played for Blagnac in the French Second Division, in 2007/08.
He had 45 caps for the Portugal national team, from 2003 to 2010, and scored a total of 107 points (2 tries, 17 conversions and 21 penalties). He was a member of the Portugal squad that went to the 2007 Rugby World Cup. He played in all four games, being the top scorer for his country, with 2 conversions and 3 penalties, 12 points in aggregate.
External links
1982 births
Living people
Portuguese rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
Portuguese expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in France
Rugby union players from Lisbon
Portugal international rugby union players
Valery Igorevich Gromyko (; ; born 23 January 1997) is a Belarusian footballer. He plays for BATE Borisov.
Club career
On 15 January 2020, Gromyko signed a 3.5-year contract with Russian Premier League club FC Arsenal Tula.
On 30 June 2021, he joined BATE Borisov on loan until the end of 2021. On 28 February 2022, he joined BATE on a permanent basis until the end of 2022.
International
He made his Belarus national football team debut on 8 June 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Germany, as a starter.
International goal
Scores and results list Belarus' goal tally first.
Honours
Shakhtyor Soligorsk
Belarusian Cup winner: 2018–19
BATE Borisov
Belarusian Super Cup winner: 2022
References
External links
Profile at FC Minsk website
1997 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Belarus youth international footballers
Belarus under-21 international footballers
Belarus international footballers
Russian Premier League players
FC Minsk players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
FC Arsenal Tula players
FC BATE Borisov players
House of Champagne, 1234–1285
House of Capet, 1284-1349
Notes
Champagne
Orange jelly candy are finger-sized sticks of soft jelly candy generally sold in food specialty stores in Hong Kong. A great deal of candy available in Hong Kong is imported from Europe, mainland China, United States and other regions around the world. Orange jelly candy is one of the few that have historically been manufactured locally in Hong Kong.
History
The 1980s version of the candy came with a thin transparent layer that is basically an edible wrapper. The candy is made at Smith's confectionery factory (史蜜夫糖果廠) at Kwun Tong. The jelly sticks are very soft and sweet. It does not have much of an orange taste despite the name.
Related products
In the early 1990s, the company produced a hard candy named Orange Arm-Cicle (a play on the words icicle and arm because of its pointed shape and use of locomotion, much like a spinning or rotating lollipop). The actual candy, like the jelly candy, does not taste like orange; it does, however, come in a variety of flavors, often changing color during certain Public holidays in Hong Kong.
See also
Jelly bean
List of candies
White Rabbit Creamy Candy
References
Chinese confectionery
Gummi candies
The Argentina Classic was a men's professional golf tournament held in Argentina and has been part of the PGA Tour Latinoamérica schedule since 2012.
The tournament was first played on PGA Tour Latinoamérica in December 2012 as the "Olivos Golf Classic-Copa Personal" and was held at Olivos Golf Club. The inaugural winner of the event was Ariel Cañete.
In the 2013 season the event moved to La Reserva Cardales and following a sponsorship deal with the telecommunications company BlackBerry the tournament was renamed as the "Personal Classic presentado por BlackBerry".
From 2014 to 2017, the event was played at C.C.G. Las Praderas de Lujan in Luján, Buenos Aires. The tournament moved to Chapelco Golf Club in Neuquén in 2018.
Winners
Notes
References
External links
Coverage on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica official site
PGA Tour Latinoamérica events
Golf tournaments in Argentina
Recurring sporting events established in 2012
2012 establishments in Argentina
The active zone or synaptic active zone is a term first used by Couteaux and Pecot-Dechavassinein in 1970 to define the site of neurotransmitter release. Two neurons make near contact through structures called synapses allowing them to communicate with each other. As shown in the adjacent diagram, a synapse consists of the presynaptic bouton of one neuron which stores vesicles containing neurotransmitter (uppermost in the picture), and a second, postsynaptic neuron which bears receptors for the neurotransmitter (at the bottom), together with a gap between the two called the synaptic cleft (with synaptic adhesion molecules, SAMs, holding the two together). When an action potential reaches the presynaptic bouton, the contents of the vesicles are released into the synaptic cleft and the released neurotransmitter travels across the cleft to the postsynaptic neuron (the lower structure in the picture) and activates the receptors on the postsynaptic membrane.
The active zone is the region in the presynaptic bouton that mediates neurotransmitter release and is composed of the presynaptic membrane and a dense collection of proteins called the cytomatrix at the active zone (CAZ). The CAZ is seen under the electron microscope to be a dark (electron dense) area close to the membrane. Proteins within the CAZ tether synaptic vesicles to the presynaptic membrane and mediate synaptic vesicle fusion, thereby allowing neurotransmitter to be released reliably and rapidly when an action potential arrives.
Function
The function of the active zone is to ensure that neurotransmitters can be reliably released in a specific location of a neuron and only released when the neuron fires an action potential.
As an action potential propagates down an axon it reaches the axon terminal called the presynaptic bouton. In the presynaptic bouton, the action potential activates calcium channels (VDCCs) that cause a local influx of calcium. The increase in calcium is detected by proteins in the active zone and forces vesicles containing neurotransmitter to fuse with the membrane. This fusion of the vesicles with the membrane releases the neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft (space between the presynaptic bouton and the postsynaptic membrane). The neurotransmitters then diffuse across the cleft and bind to ligand gated ion channels and G-protein coupled receptors on the postsynaptic membrane. The binding of neurotransmitters to the postsynaptic receptors then induces a change in the postsynaptic neuron. The process of releasing neurotransmitters and binding to the postsynaptic receptors to cause a change in the postsynaptic neuron is called neurotransmission.
Structure
The active zone is present in all chemical synapses examined so far and is present in all animal species. The active zones examined so far have at least two features in common, they all have protein dense material that project from the membrane and tethers synaptic vesicles close to the membrane and they have long filamentous projections originating at the membrane and terminating at vesicles slightly farther from the presynaptic membrane. The protein dense projections vary in size and shape depending on the type of synapse examined. One striking example of the dense projection is the ribbon synapse (see below) which contains a "ribbon" of protein dense material that is surrounded by a halo of synaptic vesicles and extends perpendicular to the presynaptic membrane and can be as long as 500 nm. The glutamate synapse contains smaller pyramid like structures that extend about 50 nm from the membrane. The neuromuscular synapse contains two rows of vesicles with a long proteinaceous band between them that is connected to regularly spaced horizontal ribs extending perpendicular to the band and parallel with the membrane. These ribs are then connected to the vesicles which are each positioned above a peg in the membrane (presumably a calcium channel). Previous research indicated that the active zone of glutamatergic neurons contained a highly regular array of pyramid shaped protein dense material and indicated that these pyramids were connected by filaments. This structure resembled a geometric lattice where vesicles were guided into holes of the lattice. This attractive model has come into question by recent experiments. Recent data shows that the glutamatergic active zone does contain the dense protein material projections but these projections were not in a regular array and contained long filaments projecting about 80 nm into the cytoplasm.
There are at least five major scaffold proteins that are enriched in the active zone; UNC13B/Munc13, RIMS1 (Rab3-interacting molecule), Bassoon, Piccolo/aczonin, ELKS, and liprins-α. These scaffold proteins are thought to be the constituents of the dense pyramid like structures of the active zone and are thought to bring the synaptic vesicles into close proximity to the presynaptic membrane and the calcium channels. The protein ELKS binds to the cell adhesion protein, β-neurexin, and other proteins within the complex such as Piccolo and Bassoon. β-neurexin then binds to cell adhesion molecule, neuroligin located on the postsynaptic membrane. Neuroligin then interacts with proteins that bind to postsynaptic receptors. Protein interactions like that seen between Piccolo/ELKS/β-neurexin/neuroligin ensures that machinery that mediates vesicle fusion is in close proximity to calcium channels and that vesicle fusion is adjacent to postsynaptic receptors. This close proximity vesicle fusion and postsynaptic receptors ensures that there is little delay between the activation of the postsynaptic receptors and the release of neurotransmitters.
Neurotransmitter release mechanism
The release of neurotransmitter is accomplished by the fusion of neurotransmitter vesicles to the presynaptic membrane. Although the details of this mechanism are still being studied there is a consensus on some details of the process. Synaptic vesicle fusion with the presynaptic membrane is known to require a local increase of calcium from as few as a single, closely associated calcium channels and the formation of highly stable SNARE complexes. One prevailing model of synaptic vesicle fusion is that SNARE complex formation is catalyzed by the proteins of the active zone such as Munc18, Munc13, and RIM. The formation of this complex is thought to "prime" the vesicle to be ready for vesicle fusion and release of neurotransmitter (see below: releasable pool). After the vesicle is primed then complexin binds to the SNARE complex this is called "superprimed". The vesicles that are superprimed are within the readily releasable pool (see below) and are ready to be rapidly released. The arrival of an action potential opens voltage gated calcium channels near the SNARE/complexin complex. Calcium then binds to change the conformation of synaptotagmin. This change in conformation of allows synaptotagmin to then dislodge complexin, bind to the SNARE complex, and bind to the target membrane. When synaptotagmin binds to both the SNARE complex and the membrane this induces a mechanical force on the membrane so that it causes the vesicle membrane and presynaptic membrane to fuse. This fusion opens a membrane pore that releases the neurotransmitter. The pore increases in size until the entire vesicle membrane is indistinguishable from the presynaptic membrane.
Synaptic vesicle cycle
The presynaptic bouton has an efficiently orchestrated process to fuse vesicles to the presynaptic membrane to release neurotransmitters and regenerate neurotransmitter vesicles. This process called the synaptic vesicle cycle maintains the number of vesicles in the presynaptic bouton and allows the synaptic terminal to be an autonomous unit. The cycle begins with (1) a region of the golgi apparatus is pinched off to form the synaptic vesicle and this vesicle is transported to the synaptic terminal. At the terminal (2) the vesicle is filled with neurotransmitter. (3) The vesicle is transported to the active zone and docked in close proximity to the plasma membrane. (4) During an action potential the vesicle is fused with the membrane, releases the neurotransmitter and allows the membrane proteins previously on the vesicle to diffuse to the periactive zone. (5) In the periactive zone the membrane proteins are sequestered and are endocytosed forming a clathrin coated vesicle. (6) The vesicle is then filled with neurotransmitter and is then transported back to the active zone.
The endocytosis mechanism is slower than the exocytosis mechanism. This means that in intense activity the vesicle in the terminal can become depleted and no longer available to be released. To help prevent the depletion of synaptic vesicles the increase in calcium during intense activity can activate calcineurin which dephosphorylate proteins involved in clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
Vesicle pools
The synapse contains at least two clusters of synaptic vesicles, the readily releasable pool and the reserve pool. The readily releasable pool is located within the active zone and connected directly to the presynaptic membrane while the reserve pool is clustered by cytoskeletal and is not directly connected to the active zone.
Releasable pool
The releasable pool is located in the active zone and is bound directly to the presynaptic membrane. It is stabilized by proteins within the active zone and bound to the presynaptic membrane by SNARE proteins. These vesicles are ready to release by a single action potential and are replenished by vesicles from the reserve pool. The releasable pool is sometimes subdivided into the readily releasable pool and the releasable pool.
Reserve pool
The reserve pool is not directly connected to the active zone. The increase in presynaptic calcium concentration activates calcium–calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaMK). CaMK phosphorylates a protein, synapsin, that mediates the clustering of the reserve pool vesicles and attachment to the cytoskeleton. Phosphorylation of synapsin mobilizes vesicles in the reserve pool and allows them to migrate to the active zone and replenish the readily releasable pool.
Periactive zone
The periactive zone surrounds the active zone and is the site of endocytosis of the presynaptic terminal. In the periactive zone, scaffolding proteins such as intersectin 1 recruit proteins that mediate endocytosis such as dynamin, clathrin and endophilin. In Drosophila the intersectin homolog, Dap160, is located in the periactive zone of the neuromuscular junction and mutant Dap160 deplete synaptic vesicles during high frequency stimulation.
Ribbon synapse active zone
The ribbon synapse is a special type of synapse found in sensory neurons such as photoreceptor cells, retinal bipolar cells, and hair cells. Ribbon synapses contain a dense protein structure that tethers an array of vesicles perpendicular to the presynaptic membrane. In an electron micrograph it appears as a ribbon like structure perpendicular to the membrane. Unlike the 'traditional' synapse, ribbon synapses can maintain a graded release of vesicles. In other words, the more depolarized a neuron the higher the rate of vesicle fusion. The Ribbon synapse active zone is separated into two regions, the archiform density and the ribbon. The archiform density is the site of vesicle fusion and the ribbon stores the releasable pool of vesicles. The ribbon structure is composed primarily of the protein RIBEYE, about 64–69% of the ribbon volume, and is tethered to the archiform density by scaffolding proteins such as Bassoon.
Proteins
Measuring neurotransmitter release
Neurotransmitter release can be measured by determining the amplitude of the postsynaptic potential after triggering an action potential in the presynaptic neuron. Measuring neurotransmitter release this way can be problematic because the effect of the postsynaptic neuron to the same amount of released neurotransmitter can change over time. Another way is to measure vesicle fusion with the presynaptic membrane directly using a patch pipette. A cell membrane can be thought of as a capacitor in that positive and negative ions are stored on both sides of the membrane. The larger the area of membrane the more ions that are necessary to hold the membrane at a certain potential. In electrophysiology this means that a current injection into the terminal will take less time to charge a membrane to a given potential before vesicle fusion than it will after vesicle fusion. The time course to charge the membrane to a potential and the resistance of the membrane is measured and with these values the capacitance of the membrane can be calculated by the equation Tau/Resistance=Capacitance. With this technique researchers can measure synaptic vesicle release directly by measuring increases in the membrane capacitance of the presynaptic terminal.
See also
Paired pulse facilitation
Postsynaptic density
References
Neurophysiology
Cellular neuroscience
Cell signaling
Signal transduction
Molecular neuroscience
Sir Thomas Burnett, 1st Baronet of Leys (died 27 June 1653) was a feudal baron and leading Covenanter who had represented Kincardineshire in the Scottish Parliament in 1621.
Early years
The eldest surviving son of Alexander Burnett of Leys and Katherine, the eldest daughter of Alexander Gordon of Lesmoir, "Thomas Burnaetus de Leyes" appears in the records of King's College, Aberdeen and Aberdeen University, as a student who matriculated in 1603. In 1604 and 1606 when he was a witness to sasines he is designed as his father's "son and heir apparent", whom he succeeded in 1619 in the feudal barony of Leys and a range of other lands and rights. He completed the work of restoring Muchalls Castle, which his father acquired in the year 1588.
In 1619, prior to his father's death, Thomas Burnet younger of Leys was one of a body of Commissioners named by King James VI of Scotland, at the instance of Bishop Patrick Forbes, to visit the universities of Aberdeen. The same year he was made an honorary Burgess of Aberdeen, and in 1620 he was knighted. He was one of the earliest recipients of the dignity of Baronet of Nova Scotia, his patent dated at Holyroodhouse on 21 April 1626.
In the Act of 1621 for the Plantation of new kirks, mention is made of Burnet of Leys having petitioned for the erection of a new church at Fetteresso, the parish in which his lands and castle of Muchalls lay, the castle being begun by his father was completed by Sir Thomas in 1627. The religious strife of the 1620s found Sir Thomas a decided opponent of the Episcopalian Court party and he became a supporter of the Solemn League and Covenant.
Covenanting wars
Immediately on the subscription of the Covenant in Edinburgh, the powerfully organized body, known as the Tables, made arrangements for enforcing its acceptance throughout the whole country and gathering funds to support military detachments.
Sir Thomas Burnett of Lees was one of their commissioners for the district north of the Grampians. He and other Commissioners paid a preliminary visit to Aberdeen in early July 1638 where they were told politely but firmly by the town's magistrates and other leading citizens that they had no legal authority to exact the subscriptions demanded. The deputation returned in force on the 20th of that month headed by the Earl of Montrose, then an earnest Covenanter, with several notable Covenanting preachers with them. The latter were promptly refused the pulpits of the city churches. The university promptly denounced the Covenant as unlawful, and three of the leading preachers, Henderson, Dickson, and Cant, made a temporary retreat to the safety of Sir Thomas's Muchalls Castle.
In March 1639, some 11000 men under Montrose and Huntly were told to 'reduce' the northern districts to subjection, but on 12 March 1639, Montrose and Argyll wrote to Sir Thomas Burnett of Leys to reassure him. Aberdeen made strong representations to Montrose who retired to Strathbogie whilst his army were admitted into the town for accommodation, most of the opposition to them having fled. Sir Thomas Burnett was one of the tribunal established to sit on 2 April in Greyfriars Church there and on following days, to force 'malignants' to subscribe to the Covenant under pain of confiscation of their goods. Viscount Aboyne's part of the Covenanting army then encamped at Muchalls and ransacked Burnett's property, despite his protestations.
Further Covenanters arrived at Aberdeen in 1644 under the Earl of Argyll and the Earl Marischal, and during that occupation a Committee of the Estates for Northern Business met there, to which a petition was presented by Lord Fraser, Sir Thomas Burnett of Leys, Patrick Leslie the Provost, and others, complaining of their losses by the quartering of troops and seeking redress from the first and readiest effects of the 'malignants' which come to hand.
Later that year, Montrose, raised to a Marquess and now opposed to the Covenant, marched north to suppress opposition to the King's cause. Leys clearly thought the Covenanters had gone too far in open rebellion against their King, and summoned Montrose to his castle at Crathes to sup with him, whereupon he offered Montrose arms, horses, and 5000 merks. Montrose accepted the arms and horses but refused the money. Sir Thomas and his son were subsequently the only known Covenanters who were protected by the Marquess. In the meantime Sir Thomas armed and organised half of his retainers to protect his lands from robber bands now all too plentiful due to the state of the north. At the same time Sir Thomas petitioned the Scottish Parliament for an exemption from excise and other heavy taxation being raised for Covenanting armies being sent to England, and for aid against marauding Highlanders.
It would appear that Sir Thomas was refused exemption for he subsequently sent his whole silver plate to Edinburgh to be melted down, by way of a loan, and also loaned money to the Marquess of Argyll.
Charles II
Following the Proclamation of Charles II as King in Scotland, the Scottish Parliament adopted the most uncompromisingly covenanting character and its records for 1649 contain a complaint from Sir Thomas Burnett of Leys to the effect that he was owed £67,000 for supporting their cause. The result was an Act of Parliament in favour of Sir Thomas exempting him from further levies and recommending he be repaid, although it is unclear he ever was.
Charles II summoned Sir Thomas to support him in a letter dictated to the Earl Marischal dated 5 October 1650. The King wrote again to Sir Thomas on 12 April 1651, granting him an exemption from the quartering of soldiers. There followed Charles's defeat at the battle of Worcester after which there were widespread persecutions. However, Sir Thomas Burnett appears to have again trod a diplomatic course as General Monck wrote to him from Dundee on 26 December 1651, assuring him of protection.
Educational matters
Sir Thomas Burnett had co-operated with Bishop Patrick Forbes in removing 'abuses' in King's College, Aberdeen, and amending its discipline, although there is no trace of his having had a hand in its "purgation" in 1640. His continued love of his Alma Mater, notwithstanding its prelatic leanings, is shown by his endowment, in October 1648, of three Bursaries of Philosophy in King's College. The Parliamentary records of 1649 record Sir Thomas again as one of a proposed Commission to visit Aberdeen University.
Another education foundation by Sir Thomas Burnett was an endowment by a bond of 5000 merks to the Grammar School of Banchory-Ternan on 29 October 1651.
At a later period he built a hospital at Banchory for the support of the aged dwelling on his estates and, in October 1651, he mortified 6300 merks secured on his lands in the parish of Crimond for the inmates of that hospital.
Marriage
Sir Thomas was twice married with issue from both. He married (1) Margaret (d. before August 1621), the eldest daughter of Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, second son of William Douglas, 9th Earl of Angus. They had two sons and two daughters,
He remarried by contract dated 9 August 1621 (2) Jean, daughter of Sir John Moncrieff of that Ilk, and widow of Sir Simon Fraser of Inverallochy. They had three sons and four daughters.
A portrait of Sir Thomas by the Scottish painter George Jameson remains in Crathes Castle.
References
Burnett, George, Lord Lyon King of Arms, edited by Col. James Allardyce, LL.D., The Family of Burnett of Leys, Aberdeen, 1901, p. 41-58.
External links
Official Burnett Website
16th-century births
1653 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Covenanters
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1621
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Concert Tonight is an American music television series which aired on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network.
Broadcast history
Concert Tonight first aired from December 30, 1953 to March 31, 1954, then was brought back from September 15, 1954 to April 6, 1955. During the 1954–55 season, Concert Tonight aired Wednesdays at 9 pm EST.
DuMont broadcast many music-based programs, including this one, which featured the Chicago Symphony performing an hour of music. The series was broadcast from DuMont affiliate WGN-TV in Chicago.
Episode status
One episode survives at the UCLA Film and Television Archive, while the November 18, 1953 episode survives as part of the Peabody Award collection. Edie Adams, an actress and singer who worked at DuMont before the network ceased broadcasting during 1956, claimed that so little value was given to DuMont's programs that in the late 1970s they were loaded onto three trucks and dumped into Upper New York Bay.
Several episodes from the 1950s of the Chicago Symphony being conducted by Fritz Reiner (as well as by George Szell) have survived and are available on DVD.
See also
List of programs broadcast by the DuMont Television Network
List of surviving DuMont Television Network broadcasts
1953-54 United States network television schedule
1954-55 United States network television schedule
This Is Music
The Music Show
Music From Chicago
References
Bibliography
David Weinstein, The Forgotten Network: DuMont and the Birth of American Television (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 2004)
Alex McNeil, Total Television, Fourth edition (New York: Penguin Books, 1980)
Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network TV Shows, Third edition (New York: Ballantine Books, 1964)
External links
DuMont historical website
1953 American television series debuts
1955 American television series endings
1950s American music television series
Classical music in the United States
DuMont Television Network original programming
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
The Mansion is an Australian television comedy based upon news and current affairs. It is hosted by Michael Chamberlin and Charlie Pickering and features Kate McLennan and Justin Kennedy, It premiered on The Comedy Channel on Thursday 3 April 2008 at 8:30 pm.
The fictional backstory of The Mansion is that its previous host of The Mansion was one of the word's richest and most sexually potent news magnates, Jebediah McNews. The series finale of the Mansion aired on 19 June 2008 with a 'best of' episode airing on 26 June.
References
External links
2008 Australian television series debuts
2008 Australian television series endings
Australian comedy television series
Australian television news shows
The Comedy Channel original programming
Ghana competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Background
Wheelchairs, especially specialized ones, are very expensive in Ghana. Their high cost makes it cost prohibitive for many Ghanaians with disabilities to get into sport, especially as they often use cheap, home manufactured wheelchairs to get around. The infrastructure in Ghana also makes it difficult for people with wheelchairs to get out into society as there are few ramps and handicap accessible locations. This makes it hard to develop elite disability sport in the country to compete at the Paralympic level.
Funding and support
NPC Ghana has created a program to support efforts by its Paralympians called the “Right to Dream” which provides regular funding to support athletes in their efforts to compete internationally, and not just at key Paralympic qualifying events.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Field
Cycling
Road
Track
Pursuits and time trials
Powerlifting
See also
Ghana at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Ghanaian sport
Rachael Margot Smith (known professionally as Rachael Margot, born 1985) is a Perth born presenter and model.
Biography
Rachael grew up in Perth, Western Australia, as the youngest of three children. She trained as a classical ballet dancer and then as a rhythmic gymnast.
Rachael's love for the environment led her to complete an Environmental Science degree, and her devotion to helping the environment has been furthered by her Miss Earth Australia title.
Rachael moved from Perth to Sydney in 2009 and studied screen acting at the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) in Sydney, Australia.
Miss Earth Pageant
Rachael was crowned Miss Earth Australia 2008 and represented Australia in the Miss Earth 2008 International Pageant in the Philippines. Rachael won Miss Talent at the international event for her graceful and dynamic rhythmic gymnastics display.
References
External links
Official Site of Rachael Margot
Miss Earth International Official Site
Miss Earth Australia Official Site
Miss Earth 2008 - Wikipedia Article
Sydney Morning Herald
Toronto Sun
www.suleka.com - India
The Brisbane Times
Earth's Blog
Missology.org Official Website
Pageants India
Jamaicans.com
1985 births
Australian beauty pageant winners
Living people
Miss Earth 2008 contestants
People from Perth, Western Australia
Whickham School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in Whickham (near Newcastle upon Tyne) in Tyne and Wear, England.
Formerly Whickham Comprehensive School, it opened in 1962 as a replacement for the small, 'all-age' Victorian school in the village centre. A much larger school was required due to the large house-building programme that was taking place. It holds around 1700 pupils between the ages of 11-19 and has 300 members of staff. It offers a range of vocational and traditional qualifications at Key Stage 4 and 5, including GCSE, BTEC and A-Level. In 2021, there was a horrific water shortage in which beloved former RE teacher Mr Fleming drove a water tank into the school and hydrated everyone.
School performance
The school has good academic achievement, and is the largest sixth form in Gateshead.
The last Ofsted inspection judged the school as Good with five areas of the school judged Outstanding.
The ‘Outstanding' areas were:
1 - The quality of learning for pupils with special educational needs and /or disabilities and their progress
2 - The extent to which pupils feel safe
3 - Pupils' attendance
4 - The effectiveness of care, guidance and support
5 - The effectiveness of partnerships in promoting wellbeing
Drama at Whickham School
A minimum of two productions are staged every year (a spring musical and an autumn show). Recent Whickham School productions include the Wizard of Oz and the Grease.
Fire
On 21 March 2008, there was a fire which destroyed the staff room, library, two music rooms, sixth form common room and study area. New and improved Sixth Form facilities opened ready for the academic year beginning in September 2009.
Legal challenge to school uniform
In June 1999, University Professor Claire Hale took legal action against the School when they refused permission to allow her daughter to wear trousers. Amongst others, the Equal Opportunities Commission decided to back the case. On 24 February 2000 the school avoided a legal battle by announcing that, in future, girls would be able to wear trousers.
Notable Former Pupils
Richard Brodie, footballer
Beverley Fullen, former drummer in UK pop band Hepburn (band)
Conor Newton, footballer
Mark Stoneman, cricketer for Surrey County Cricket Club and England
References
External links
School website
Academies in Gateshead
Secondary schools in Gateshead
Site of the First CPC National Congress · South Huangpi Road () is an interchange station on lines 1 and 14 of the Shanghai Metro; line 1 opened on 10 April 1995 as part of the section between and ; It became an interchange station on 31 December 2021 with the opening of line 14.
On 20 June 2021, to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party, the station name changed from South Huangpi Road Station to Site of the First CPC National Congress · South Huangpi Road Station.
The station is situated within the Inner Ring Road and adjacent to Middle Huaihai Road, the major up-market shopping street in Shanghai.
The neighbourhood in the vicinity was a residential district in the old French Concession. In recent years, the area was bought by a property developer and turned into an expensive restaurant district. Large-scale demolition has reduced the number of residents in the area, and replaced them with restaurants and large, Hong Kong-style shopping malls.
Station Layout
Places nearby
Huaihai Road (M.), shopping street
Xintiandi, shopping and nightlife area
Museum of the First National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party
Gallery
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Huangpu District
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1995
Railway stations in Shanghai
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Puente is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 6,876.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Puente barrio was 718.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
White County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 27,144. The county seat is Cleveland. The county was created on December 22, 1857, formerly a part of Habersham County and most likely was named for Newton County Representative David T. White, who helped a Habersham representative successfully attain passage of an act creating the new county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
The county is mostly located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Northern parts of the county have the highest elevations, being in the mountains themselves. The highest point in White County is Tray Mountain, shared with Towns County to the north. Tray Mountain is the 6th-highest mountain in Georgia. Another very prominent White County peak is Yonah Mountain, also known as Mount Yonah. This peak, located between Helen and Cleveland, is rimmed by sheer cliffs and is the highest point on Georgia's Piedmont Plateau.
All of White County is located in the Upper Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Adjacent counties
Towns County - north
Habersham County - east
Hall County - south
Lumpkin County - west
Union County - northwest
Protected areas
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Unicoi State Park
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
State Route 11
State Route 17
State Route 75
State Route 75 Alternate
State Route 115
State Route 254
State Route 255
State Route 284
State Route 348
State Route 356
State Route 384
Pedestrians and cycling
River Bridge Trail
River Hiking Trail
Unicoi State Park Trail
Yonah Preserve Trail
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 19,944 people, 7,731 households, and 5,782 families living in the county. The population density was 83 people per square mile (32/km2). There were 9,454 housing units at an average density of 39 per square mile (15/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.16% White, 2.17% Black or African American, 0.40% Native American, 0.51% Asian, 0.18% Pacific Islander, 0.51% from other races, and 1.07% from two or more races. 1.56% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,731 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 8.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.20% were non-families. 21.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.20% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 25.20% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,084, and the median income for a family was $40,704. Males had a median income of $29,907 versus $22,168 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,193. About 8.40% of families and 10.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.30% of those under age 18 and 15.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 27,144 people, 10,646 households, and 7,750 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 16,062 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.1% white, 1.7% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.0% were English, 14.9% were American, 14.5% were Irish, and 10.8% were German.
Of the 10,646 households, 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were married couples living together, 10.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.2% were non-families, and 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 42.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,756 and the median income for a family was $50,981. Males had a median income of $40,265 versus $31,061 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,680. About 16.9% of families and 19.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.4% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 28,003 people, 11,695 households, and 8,581 families residing in the county. However, the county is challenging the accuracy of the count.
Communities
Cities
Cleveland
Helen
Census-designated places
Sautee-Nacoochee
Yonah
Unincorporated communities
Mossy Creek
Robertstown
Scorpion Hollow
Benefit
Leaf
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in White County, Georgia
Lanier Meaders
References
External links
White County Chamber of Commerce website
White County Government Website
White County Historical Society Website
History of White County, Georgia
1857 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1857
Issoufou Assoumane is a Nigerien politician who has been President of the Union of Nigerien Democrats and Socialists (Union des démocrates et socialistes nigériens, UDSN-Talaka) since 2001. He served in the government of Niger as Minister of Mines and Energy from 1995 to 1996 and as Minister of the Environment from 2000 to 2001.
Political career
Assoumane was Secretary-General of the Democratic Union of Progressive Forces (UDFP-Sawaba) during the 1990s. Along with Mamadou Tandja, the President of the National Movement for the Development of Society (MNSD-Nassara), and André Salifou, the President of the Union of Democratic and Progressive Patriots (UPDP-Chamoua), Assoumane was arrested on 17 April 1994 following a protest against the government. In the January 1995 parliamentary election, the opposition coalition won a majority of seats, and Assoumane served in the government as Minister of Mines and Energy from 25 February 1995 until the government was ousted in a military coup on 27 January 1996.
After the 1996 coup, Assoumane was an opposition leader under President Ibrahim Bare Mainassara. When Mainassara dismissed the government in November 1997, expressing hope for greater political cooperation, Assoumane rejected the gesture. He said that nothing less than the dissolution of the National Assembly and the holding of a new election would be sufficient, and he said that the opposition would not participate in the next government. According to Assoumane, Mainassara's decision was "aimed at pulling wool over the international community's eyes" and intended to "portray the opposition as refusing to participate in his government". He noted that even if the opposition participated in the government, its ministers could be dismissed on a pretext at any time.
Assoumane was arrested in early January 1998, along with Hama Amadou and Mohamed Bazoum, for alleged involvement in a plot to assassinate Mainassara. He was never charged and was released a week after his arrest.
Later, following Bare's 1999 assassination, Assoumane supported the candidacy of Mamadou Tandja in the second round of the 1999 presidential election. Tandja won the election, and Assoumane was appointed to the government as Minister of the Environment and the Fight Against Desertification on 5 January 2000. He served in that position until 17 September 2001, when he left the government. He founded the UDSN-Talaka, a political party, in October 2001.
Although the UDSN-Talaka was part of the presidential majority coalition supporting President Tandja, Assoumane expressed opposition to Tandja's efforts to call a referendum on a new constitution that would allow him to run for re-election in 2009. Later, after the success of the referendum, he was present for an opposition rally in Niamey on 13 December 2009. On that occasion, he said that it was the will of the people that Tandja leave office on 22 December, the date his term was originally scheduled to end.
Since 2010
Assoumane supported the candidacy of Mahamadou Issoufou in the January–March 2011 presidential election; he campaigned alongside Issoufou during the first round as well as the second. After Issoufou won the election and took office as President, he appointed Assoumane as Special Adviser to the President, with the rank of Minister, on 20 April 2011.
References
Ministers of council of Niger
Nigerien socialists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Environment ministers of Niger
Energy ministers of Niger
Mining ministers of Niger
Trusty Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, east-southeast of Minnehaha.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
John Brown (1627–1685), also known as the Christian Carrier, was a Protestant Covenanter from Priesthill farm, a few miles from Muirkirk in Ayrshire, Scotland. He became a Presbyterian martyr in 1685.
Among the numerous executions carried out by the government during The Killing Time of the 1680s, the allegations of brutality make this event one of the most controversial illustrations of the character of John Graham of Claverhouse, afterwards Viscount Dundee.
Background
In order to protect the Presbyterian polity and Calvinist doctrine of the Church of Scotland, the pre-Restoration government of Scotland signed the 1650 Treaty of Breda with King Charles II to crown him king and support him against the English Parliamentary forces. At his Restoration in 1660, the King renounced the terms of the Treaty and his Oath of Covenant, which the Scottish Covenanters saw as a betrayal. The Rescissory Act 1661 repealed all laws made since 1633, effectively ejecting 400 Ministers from their livings, restoring patronage in the appointment of ministers to congregations and allowing the king to proclaim the restoration of bishops to the Church of Scotland. The Abjuration Act of 1662 ..was a formal rejection of the National Covenant of 1638 and the Solemn League and Covenant of 1643. These were declared to be against the fundamental laws of the kingdom. The Act required all persons taking public office to take the Oath of Abjuration not to take arms against the king, and rejecting the Covenants. This excluded most Presbyterians from holding official positions of trust.
The resulting disappointment with Charles II's religious policy became civil unrest and erupted in violence during the early summer of 1679 with the assassination of Archbishop Sharp, Drumclog and the Battle of Bothwell Bridge. The Sanquhar Declaration of 1680 effectively declared the people could not accept the authority of a king who would not recognise their religion, nor commit to his previous oaths. In February 1685 the king died and was succeeded by his Roman Catholic brother, the Duke of York, as King James VII.
Life
John Brown lived in a remote farm called Priesthill, in the upland parish of Muirkirk in Kyle, Ayrshire, where he cultivated a small piece of ground and acted as a carrier.
Wodrow describes him as 'of shining piety', and one who had 'great measures of solid digested knowledge, and had a singular talent of a most plain and affecting way of communicating his knowledge to others, he had employed his leisure in instructing youths.'
He had fought with the Covenanters at the battle of Bothwell Bridge (1679), and was on intimate terms with the leaders of the persecuted party. In 1682, Alexander Peden, one of the chief of these, married him to his second wife, Marion Weir. On this occasion Peden, according to Walker, foretold the husband's early and violent end: 'Keep linen by you for his winding-sheet'.
He was shot on the morning of 1 May 1685, in a summary execution instigated by John Graham of Claverhouse under the emergency powers given him by the Privy Council to suppress insurrection in the South West of the country.
Death
In 1685, Brown was captured (along with his nephew, one 'John Brownen') by a troop of horse under the command of Graham of Claverhouse. Brown's house was searched where 'bullets, match and treasonable documents' were found. Brown was offered the chance to take the Oath of Abjuration. Brown refused to swear the oath which was designed to be repugnant to Covenanters and thereby a "sieve, the mesh of which would winnow the loyal from the disloyal".
At the time, failure to take the Oath was a capital offence and thus defying the King was high treason; this was a fact of which Brown was well aware. 'John Brownen' then made testimony that John Brown had in fact been 'in armes' at Drumclog and Bothwell Bridge. An underground house was discovered which contained weapons which Brown stated belonged to his uncle – John Brown.
Controversy
Much of what we know of his life has come from contemporary accounts of the dramatic events of the morning on which he died. A number of clearly polemical accounts were produced in the years following while eyewitnesses remained living and their accounts could be assembled. These (except Howie) were written after the Revolution but while the Jacobite threat was still alive. It is these accounts which have been influential in setting a reputation of cruelty on the part of Claverhouse.
A second level of detail was published in the late 19th century by revisionists chiefly concerned with reassessing and redefining Claverhouse's reputation. Mark Napier's work is an overt paean on the life of his hero Claverhouse, while Charles Sandford Terry takes a more modern approach to the source documents, but expresses his views nevertheless. These both publish a letter from Claverhouse to the Duke of Queensberry, the Lord High Treasurer, the head of the Scottish government, in which Claverhouse defends his actions taken in executing John Brown. Not surprisingly, he is sparse on detail of the summary execution. 'I caused shoot him dead, which he suffered very inconcernedly.' This contrasts with his great detail on the reasons and evidence against Brown.
Napier and Terry cite this letter as an example of Claverhouse's professionalism in law enforcement, simply following orders. However, Wodrow et al. do not dispute Brown was technically guilty of the draconian laws, but question the morality of the high-handed laws and highlight the cruelty of Claverhouse in carrying out the sentence on the spot, in front of his house, infant son and pregnant wife.
A memorial was erected after his death and a more permanent stone plinth put in place in 1828. The site, on the remote hillside above Muirkirk is still the destination of visitors to pay their respects and sits on an ancient upland path that runs to Lesmahagow.
Shooting
Several stories were published by Covenanting commentators after his death, each with slightly different detail. Patrick Walker describes six troopers who shot Brown, and that "the most part of the bullets fell upon his head", Wodrow says that the dragoons were so moved to tears after Brown prayed that they refused to obey Claverhouse's orders and that he himself had to shoot – for fear of mutiny – adds Howie.
While Alexander Shields writing only five years later mentions that Brown was shot in front of his house in the presence of his wife, Wodrow says his wife was pregnant and that his infant son was also present. Walker makes no mention of his wife being pregnant but that his son and a child from a previous marriage were present.
While critics of the Covenanters point to the inconsistency of the detail as proof of their fabrication, the sheer number of similar cases painstakingly recorded by these authors within living memory of the events and the wide popularity and readership of these publications confirms, at least, the deep effect these events had on a nation who, for a hundred years had subscribed to a settled religion that was now under threat by the stroke of the King's legislating pen.
Significance
Controversy over the details notwithstanding, the sheer number of events like this and their continued power to excite controversy shows a broader significance beyond the immediate religious arguments. As part of the political ferment leading to the Revolution in both Scotland and England, they represent the emergence of the people's voice against government policy and the development of modern ideas of democracy and the limits of government in the face of popular opposition. These views eventually supplanted the Stuart dynasty's view of the Divine right of kings.
Bibliography
Wodrow's History of the Sufferings of the Church of Scotland. Edin. 1721-2
Walker's Life of Peden, &c. 1727, Glasgow, 1868
Napier's Life and Times of John Graham, Edin. 1862, contains Claverhouse's Report, together with a defence of his conduct
Thomson's edition of A Cloud of Witnesses (1713), Edin. 1871, gives (pp. 574–5) an account of the monument, with copy of inscription
a chap-book Life of Brown was published at Stirling in 1828
Notes
Attribution
References
Mark Napier – Memorials and letters illustrative of life and times of John Graham of Claverhouse, viscount Dundee (1859)
Charles Sandford Terry – "John Graham of Claverhouse, viscount of Dundee, 1648-1689" (1905)
Mowbray Morris – "John Graham" (1887)
Alistair and Henrietta Tayler, John Graham of Claverhouse. London: Duckworth (1939).
1627 births
1685 deaths
Covenanters
Monuments and memorials in Scotland
17th-century Scottish clergy
17th-century Presbyterian ministers
17th-century Protestant martyrs
People from East Ayrshire
Executed Scottish people
People executed for treason against Scotland
17th-century executions by Scotland
Protestant martyrs of Scotland
Moonville is an unincorporated community in Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Geography
Moonville is located at .
History
Moonville was laid out in 1835 by Zimri Moon, and named for him.
References
Links
Madison County Cemeteries Commission
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
"A Bridge over You" is a charity single recorded and released independently by the Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Choir, the choir of the Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust located in south-east London. It is a mashup of "Bridge over Troubled Water" by Simon & Garfunkel and Coldplay's 2005 single "Fix You", with additional arrangement by the choir's conductor, Peter Mitchell. It reached number one on the UK Singles Chart at Christmas 2015.
Background and recording
The Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Choir had previously appeared on the first series of Gareth Malone's BBC Two show The Choir: Sing While You Work, a competition between workplace choirs, in 2012. They finished the show as runners-up. "A Bridge over You" was recorded in 2013, following the choir's appearance in the competition.
It was recorded at Angel Recording Studios in Islington, north London, with piano accompaniment by Liam Dunachie, guitars by Ed Cusick, bass by Sam Weston, drums by Christian Rae, and vocal direction by Dan Ludford and Peter Mitchell. The single was created and arranged by Adam Morris, with additional arrangements made by Peter Mitchell and Liam Dunachie. At the time of recording, the choir's artistic director was Dan Ludford-Thomas, the musical director Peter Mitchell, and the accompanist Liam Dunachie. An accompanying video featuring the song over footage of NHS staff working at the Trust was uploaded to YouTube.
Christmas number one campaign
A social media campaign to get the choir to the "Christmas number one", a period traditionally resulting in higher sales than the rest of the year, was launched in October 2015 by choir member Katie Rogerson, junior doctor Harriet Nerva, and Joe Blunden, a communications manager for the National Health Service (NHS). At the time, Secretary of State for Health Jeremy Hunt was debating extending the contracted hours of junior doctors, a move that proved controversial and which prompted the British Medical Association to consider strike action.
Nerva created a Facebook event for the campaign after the video "moved [her] to tears", telling Mirror Online that "getting it to Number One would bring to the public's eye the fantastic service it provides in very challenging times". Rogerson told The Guardian that "it's a challenging time for the NHS and morale is quite low ... We wanted people to recognise all the brilliant things that happen on an everyday basis rather than feel miserable and unappreciated."
On 13 January 2016, the UK Government announced that the value-added tax on sales of the single—16.5p from every 99p sale—would be donated to charity.
Release and reception
"A Bridge over You" was originally released independently by Blunden on behalf of the NHS Trust through EmuBands on 9 December 2013 in support of various charities including Carers UK, Mind and other smaller healthcare related charities. The 2015 campaign's organisers asked supporters not to purchase the song until the week of the Christmas charts so as to focus sales.
On the week of the Christmas charts, Justin Bieber, whose song "Love Yourself" was the favourite for the accolade, tweeted his support for the choir's song: "For 1 week it's ok not be #1. Let's do the right thing & help them win. It's Christmas." Following his tweet, bookmaker Coral suspended betting on the odds of the single reaching number 1. On Christmas Eve, itv.com commented that the choir "now look unbeatable".
It reached number one on the UK Singles Chart at Christmas 2015, selling more than 127,000 copies, 88,000 sales fewer than Ben Haenow's 2014 Christmas number one "Something I Need". It beat off competition from Bieber as well as The X Factor winner Louisa Johnson, Adele, and Stormzy. It was the closest run-in to the Christmas number one since 2009, when Jon Morter's anti-X Factor social media campaign resulted in Rage Against the Machine's 1992 single "Killing in the Name" taking the accolade ahead of the competition's winner Joe McElderry. Blunden was in regular contact with Morter during the campaign for his previous experience with Christmas chart campaigns.
Blunden, who was manager of the #NHS4XmasNo1 campaign, told The Telegraph on Christmas Day that "it's an historic day for the NHS...a day that the country has shown just how much they love their NHS". Zoe Davies, a medical registrar who sings part of the opening solo, told The Northern Echo that "it gives the NHS a morale boost at a time of uncertainty about junior doctors' contracts and nurses' bursaries being taken away". Chidi Ejimofo, a Consultant in Emergency Medicine who sang the male solo part, told the South London Press "...it is about so much more than the front line doctors and nurses. This song celebrates the work of all the unsung heroes in the NHS, whose amazing work is often taken for granted.".
In its second week on the UK Singles Chart, the song broke the record for the biggest fall for a UK number one single, when it fell to number 29 on 1 January 2016. Previously, the record had been held by McFly's "Baby's Coming Back/Transylvania", which fell from number 1 to number 20 on 20 May 2007. The song dropped out of the charts completely the following week, making the song's two-week chart run the shortest ever for a UK number one single at the time; both records have since been beaten by Ladbaby, with second single "I Love Sausage Rolls" falling from 1 to 57, before leaving the chart the following week, and third number one "Don't Stop Me Eatin'", which spent one week in the UK Top 75.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the website of the Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Choir.
Writing
Original songs ("Bridge over Troubled Water" and "Fix You") written by Paul Simon, Chris Martin, Jonny Buckland, Guy Berryman and Will Champion
Arrangements – Adam Morris, Peter Mitchell and Liam Dunachie
Performance
Performed by the Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Choir
Piano – Liam Dunachie
Guitars – Ed Cusick
Bass – Sam Weston
Drums – Christian Rae
Vocal direction – Dan Ludford and Peter Mitchell
Production
Produced – Dan Ludford-Thomas and Peter Mitchell
Executive producer – Megan Clark
Recorded at Angel Recording Studios, Islington, London
Charts
Release history
References
2013 songs
2015 singles
Christmas number-one singles in the United Kingdom
Christmas number-one single downloads in the United Kingdom
Number-one singles in Scotland
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Songs written by Paul Simon
Songs written by Chris Martin
Songs written by Jonny Buckland
Songs written by Guy Berryman
Songs written by Will Champion
Charity singles
Pop ballads
Photoplay was one of the first American film (another name for photoplay) fan magazines. It was founded in 1911 in Chicago, the same year that J. Stuart Blackton founded Motion Picture Story, a magazine also directed at fans. For most of its run, Photoplay was published by Macfadden Publications. In 1921 Photoplay established what is considered the first significant annual movie award. The magazine ceased publication in 1980.
History
Photoplay began as a short fiction magazine concerned mostly with the plots and characters of films at the time and was used as a promotional tool for those films. In 1915, Julian Johnson and James R. Quirk became the editors (though Quirk had been vice president of the magazine since its inception), and together they created a format which would set a precedent for almost all celebrity magazines that followed. By 1918 the circulation exceeded 200,000, with the popularity of the magazine fueled by the public's increasing interest in the private lives of celebrities.
Popularity
Photoplay reached its apex in the 1920s and 1930s and was considered quite influential within the motion picture industry. The magazine was renowned for its artwork portraits of film stars on the cover by such artists as Earl Christy and Charles Sheldon. Macfadden Publications purchased the magazine in 1934. With the advancement of color photography, the magazine began using photographs of the stars instead by 1937.
Photoplay published the writings of Lillian Day, Sheilah Graham, Hedda Hopper, Dorothy Kilgallen, Hazel MacDonald, Louella Parsons, Adela Rogers St. Johns, Rob Wagner, later editor and publisher of Rob Wagner's Script, and Walter Winchell, among others. The magazine was edited by Quirk until 1932; later editors include Kathryn Dougherty, Ruth Waterbury, and Adele Whiteley Fletcher. It also featured the health and beauty advice of Sylvia of Hollywood, arguably the first fitness guru to the stars.
Sidney Skolsky, a nationally syndicated gossip columnist for the New York Daily News and later the New York Daily Mirror, had a regular column in Photoplay called "From A Stool At Schwab's", the Hollywood drugstore he made famous; such was the magazine's popularity.
The Photoplay Magazine Medal of Honor
In 1921 Photoplay established what is considered the first significant annual movie award, the Photoplay Magazine Medal of Honor. An actual medallion produced by Tiffany & Co., it was voted on by the readers of the magazine and given to the producer of the year's best film, chosen with an emphasis on (according to Quirk) "the ideals and motives governing its production... the worth of its dramatic message." Though Photoplay only gave the single award for best film, its intentions and standards were influential on the Academy Awards founded later in the decade, and they overlap on Best Picture choices to some extent, though increasingly in the 1930s Photoplay'''s choices reflected its primarily female audience. By 1939 the Medal of Honor had declined in importance and the award was discontinued that year.
From 1944 to 1968, Photoplay awarded a Gold Medal for film of the year based on polling done by George Gallup's Audience Research Inc. through the 1950s, and then voted on by the magazine's readers. It also awarded Most Popular Male Star and Most Popular Female Star based on an actor and actress' popularity, not their performance. The awards were based on polling through the 1950s, and then on a vote by the readers, similar to the Gold Medal. Bing Crosby and Greer Garson were frequently named the most popular film stars during the 1940s and later winners of the title included James Stewart, Jane Wyman, Alan Ladd, Marilyn Monroe, Rock Hudson, and Kim Novak. Most popular television stars were also named in the 1960s. In 1948, the Photoplay Awards were broadcast on network television as part of The Steve Allen Plymouth Show.
Medal of Honor winners: 1920–1939
1920: Humoresque 1921: Tol'able David 1922: Robin Hood 1923: The Covered Wagon 1924: The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln
1925: The Big Parade 1926: Beau Geste 1927: Seventh Heaven 1928: Four Sons 1929: Disraeli 1930: All Quiet on the Western Front 1931: Cimarron 1932: Smilin' Through 1933: Little Women 1934: The Barretts of Wimpole Street 1935: Naughty Marietta 1936: San Francisco 1937: Captains Courageous 1938: Sweethearts 1939: Gone with the WindGold Medal Winners for film of the year: 1944–1968
1944: Going My Way 1945: The Valley of Decision 1946: The Bells of St. Mary's 1947: The Jolson Story 1948: Sitting Pretty 1949: The Stratton Story 1950: Battleground 1951: Show Boat 1952: With a Song in My Heart 1953: From Here to Eternity 1954: Magnificent Obsession 1955: Love is a Many-Splendored Thing 1956: Giant 1957: An Affair to Remember 1958: Gigi 1959: Pillow Talk 1960: no awards
1961: Splendor in the Grass 1962: The Miracle Worker 1963: How the West Was Won 1964: The Unsinkable Molly Brown 1965: The Sound of Music 1966: The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming 1967: The Dirty Dozen 1968: Rosemary's Baby Mergers and closure Photoplay merged with another fan magazine, Movie Mirror, in 1941; and with TV-Radio Mirror in 1977, when the name became Photoplay and TV Mirror.
The magazine published its final issue on April 15, 1980. In a sign of changing times, the cover photo featured not movie stars but two television actresses, Victoria Principal and Charlene Tilton. The skeleton staff of six people were all transferred to Us magazine, which Macfadden Publications had recently acquired. The president of Macfadden, Peter J. Callahan, said the decision to cease publication was made "very reluctantly", but also added the bald observation that "the day of the traditional movie magazine is over".
A British version of Photoplay debuted in March 1950, and in April 1981 it was rebranded as Photoplay: Movies and Video''. It featured an equal mix of American and British films and stars, and ceased publication in 1989.
References
External links
Original Photoplay interview with Greta Garbo - as told by her to Ruth Biery
Film magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Fiction magazines
Magazines disestablished in 1980
Magazines established in 1911
Magazines published in Chicago
Abrocoma is a genus of abrocomid rodents found in the Andes of South America, from southern Peru to central Chile. The genus contains eight species, most of which are found in isolated mountain ranges in northwestern Argentina. The oldest fossil record for the Caviomorpha appears at the late Eocene-Early Oligocene transition (37.5–31.5 mybp).
Species
Genus Abrocoma
A. bennettii - Bennett's chinchilla rat
A. boliviensis - Bolivian chinchilla rat
A. budini - Budin's chinchilla rat
A. cinerea - ashy chinchilla rat
A. famatina - Famatina chinchilla rat
A. shistacea - Sierra del Tontal chinchilla rat
A. uspallata - Uspallata chinchilla rat
A. vaccarum - Punta de Vacas chinchilla rat or Mendozan chinchilla rat
Additionally, the species Cuscomys oblativus was formerly classified as A. oblativus, but has been reassigned.
References
Further reading
Braun, J. K. and M. A. Mares. 2002. Systematics of the Abrocoma cinerea species complex (Rodentia: Abrocomidae), with a description of a new species of Abrocoma. Journal of Mammalogy, 83:1-19.
Chinchilla rats
Taxa named by George Robert Waterhouse
Rodent genera
Bridge and Roof Company (India) Limited is a Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSE) of the Government of India, based in Kolkata, India. The company began in 1920. Bridge and Roof Co. (India) Ltd., is a construction organization, encompassing industrial and infrastructure sectors in India as well as abroad. It also undertakes EPC and Turnkey contracts.
In fiscal 2016, the company reported aggregated revenues of .
On 9 February 2017, the Government of India approved the privatization of Bridge and Roof Company.
In 2019, the company completed their 100 years.
In 2022, The Inter-State Bus Terminal (ISBT) project which is being constructed at Baramunda missed its completion deadline again and was given an extension until June this year. The project is now awarded to Bridge and Roof Company for 160.6 crores.
On 4 June 2022, the Transportation Department of Odisha imposed a fine amounting to Rs 2,63,500 on Bridge and Roof Co's truck driver in Bhubaneswar for violating rules. The driver was reportedly driving the truck without a license and tax.
References
External links
Bridge and Roof Co. (India) website
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1920
Construction and civil engineering companies of India
Companies based in Kolkata
Indian companies established in 1920
Anna was launched at Bombay in 1790. She was often called Bombay Anna to distinguish her from Bengal . Bombay Anna made two voyages for the British East India Company (EIC). She was lost at sea in 1816.
Career
Anna first appeared in Lloyd's Register for 1797 (published in 1796), with M. Gilmore, master, changing to J. Horne, Law & Co., owner, and trade London–East Indies. The entry noted that she had been built in 1788 of teak in the East Indies.
In 1796 she carried rice from Bengal to Britain on behalf of the British government which was importing grain to address high prices for wheat in Britain following a poor harvest.
Anna was admitted to the Registry of Great Britain on 24 November 1796. The next day Captain John Horn acquired a letter of marque.
On 31 July 1797 Bengal Anna, Bombay Anna, and arrived in Portsmouth with invalids and prisoners from the West Indies. They had made a rapid voyage of about a month. The vessels may have gone out to the West Indies in connection with Admiral Sir Hugh Cloberry Christian's expedition to the West Indies, thought they are not listed amongst the vessels that left on 24 January 1796.
On 20 November 1798 Captain James Horsburgh sailed from China, bound for England. Anna left Whampoa Anchorage on 20 November 1798 and was at Lintin on 7 February 1799. She reached Malacca on 22 February and St Helena on 8 May; she arrived at Long Reach on 17 July.
On 9 December 1799 Bengal Anna and Bombay Anna were at Madeira taking on wine. They were in company with Calcutta, which shortly thereafter was captured and recaptured. They had sailed from Spithead on 20 November. One report has her in the Red Sea as one of the many transports supporting General Baird's expedition to help General Ralph Abercromby expel the French from Egypt.
Captain James Horsburgh sailed from Bombay on 6 May 1801, bound for England. Anna reached St Helena on 26 August and arrived at The Downs 30 October.
She then made voyages to China in 1802, 1805, 1806, and 1807. On the voyage in 1804 she carried opium. From 1807 to 1808 her captain was F. Smith.
In the summer of 1810 the Royal Navy took up Anna as transport. The navy detached Anna and Minerva, and two Calcutta ships, Oxford and Troubridge from the rest of the transports and sent the four to the Cape of Good Hope to gather reinforcements. The governor there, Lord Caledon, delayed their departure. They were armed and received a naval officer to command them. (They may thereafter have been styled briefly as HM hired armed ships.) They arrived at Mauritius too late to participate in the Invasion of Île de France in December. Lieutenant Bertie Cator was appointed to command Anna. He moved from temporary command of and by some accounts commanded Anna during the Invasion. He then became (acting) commander of , which he sailed back to England with duplicate dispatches.
Captain Jonathon Tate commanded Anna between 1811 and 1816. She made a voyage to Mauritius in 1811.
Anna served as a transport ship during the British invasion of Java in 1811. She was part of the second division, which sailed from Malacca on 11 June 1811.
On 4 July 1812 Anna was at Prince of Wales' Island when a fire broke out on shore. She was among the many vessels, Navy and merchant, that contributed men to fight the fire.
In 1812, 1814, and 1816 Anna again sailed to China. In 1814, for instance, she carried 14,495 piculs of cotton to China.
Fate
Captain Jonathon Read commanded Anna in 1816. Anna was lost at sea in 1816, or 1817.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
1790 ships
Ships of the British East India Company
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in 1816
Maritime incidents in 1817
Missing ships
Ships lost with all hands
The 2020–21 UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina Wilmington during the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks was led by Takayo Siddle, who took over from C.B. McGrath when he was fired by UNCW in January 2020. They played their home games at Trask Coliseum as part of the Colonial Athletic Association.
Previous season
The Seahawks finished the 2019–20 season with a 10–22 record and 5–13 in conference play. They were eliminated in the first round of the 2020 CAA men's basketball tournament when they lost to the Drexel Dragons.
Offseason
Departures
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA Tournament
|-
Source:
References
UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball seasons
UNC Wilmington
UNC Wilmington
UNC Wilmington
Essence Music is an independent record label based in Juiz de Fora, Brazil. All the albums are released in a standard edition and a special edition, which is a hand-made box including the standard edition of the album, various inserts, and usually a bonus disc.
Artists
References
External links
Essence Music official website
Brazilian independent record labels
Ambient music record labels
Experimental music record labels
Noise music record labels
Psychedelic rock record labels
Record labels established in 2003
Paulo Renato Costa Souza (10 September 1945 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul – 25 June 2011 in São Roque, São Paulo) was a Brazilian economist and politician.
Life
Souza took a degree in economics from Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul in 1967 and received a master's degree from the University of Chile in 1970. He was the deputy director of the International Labour Organization's Regional Program for Employment in Latin America and the Caribbean from 1971–1974, he later worked as a consultant for a number of UN agencies active in Latin America. He completed his doctorate at Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP) in 1980.
From 1984 to 1986, he was Secretary of Education of the State of São Paulo under Governor André Franco Montoro. He left the post to take up the position of rector of UNICAMP, his former university. After finishing his term, he became the operations manager and vice president of the Inter-American Development Bank in Washington, D.C. from 1991-1994.
Souza was one of the founding member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party in 1988 and was Minister of Education from 1995 to 2002 under President Fernando Henrique Cardoso. During his time in office, Souza oversaw the implementation of the Enem exam system. On the other hand, during the same time, federal education faced an enormous scarcity of resources, which resulted in a huge strike in all federal education establishments throughout Brazil from the second half of 2001 to the first half of 2002.
In November 2006, Souza was elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil to one of the 70 seats representing the State of São Paulo. He took leave of absence from the Chamber of Deputies on 27 March 2009 to take office as Secretary of Education of the State of São Paulo under Governor José Serra, replacing Maria Helena Guimarães de Castro. On December 16, 2010, he resigned this post, and returned to the Chamber of Deputies, finishing his term until January 31, 2011.
He died on June 25, 2011, from a heart attack while staying over the week-end at a hotel in São Roque, São Paulo.
References
External links
Official website
1945 births
2011 deaths
Education Ministers of Brazil
Brazilian economists
International Labour Organization people
People from Porto Alegre
University of Chile alumni
State University of Campinas alumni
State University of Campinas faculty
Brazilian Social Democracy Party politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil) from São Paulo
Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul alumni
Brazilian officials of the United Nations
NUG may refer to any of a number of entities:
Full name
Nug (graffiti artist)
Acronym
National Unity Government of Myanmar, a parallel government created in the aftermath of the 2021 Myanmar coup d'état by supporters of ousted Aung San Suu Kyi.
Guidelines for National Unification between mainland China and Taiwan
Necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis, a subclassification of the Necrotizing periodontal diseases
Anorthosis Famagusta is a Cypriot cultural and sports club that was established in 1911. It has had many presidents over the years, including some honorary presidents. This article has a complete list of presidents of the club.
Anorthosis Famagusta association presidents
This is a complete list of all presidents of the Anorthosis Famagusta sports club.
Anorthosis Famagusta (Football) Public LTD presidents
In 2014, Christos Poullaides rescued Anorthosis financially and created a public company for the footballing department of the club, Anorthosis Famagusta (Football) Public LTD, of which there is a president. This is a different position to the association president, the role is to control only the football club and not the other activities of Anorthosis. Here is a complete list of them.
References
Anorthosis Famagusta
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C.
Togarmah (Hebrew: Tōgarmā) is a figure in the "table of nations" in Genesis 10, the list of descendants of Noah that represents the peoples known to the ancient Hebrews. Togarmah is among the descendants of Japheth and is thought to represent some people located in Anatolia. Medieval sources claimed that Togarmah was the legendary ancestor of several peoples of the Caucasus (including Armenians and Georgians) as well as several Turkic peoples.
Biblical attestations and historical geography
Togarmah is listed in as the third son of Gomer, and grandson of Japheth, brother of Ashkenaz and Riphath. The name is again mentioned in the Book of Ezekiel as a nation from the "far north". mentions Togarmah together with Tubal as supplying soldiers to the army of Gog. mentions Togarmah together with Tubal, Javan and Meshech as supplying horses to the Tyrians.
Most scholars identify Togarmah with the capital city called Tegarama by the Hittites and Til-Garimmu by the Assyrians. O.R. Gurney placed Tegarama in Southeast Anatolia.
Later traditions
Several later ethnological traditions have claimed Togarmah as the legendary ancestor of various peoples located in western Asia and the Caucasus. Jewish historian Flavius Josephus (37 – c. 100 AD) and the Christian theologians Jerome (c. 347 – 420 AD) and Isidore of Seville (c. 560 – 636 AD) regarded Togarmah as the father of the Phrygians. Several ancient Christian authors, including Saint Hippolytus (c. 170-c. 236 AD), Eusebius of Caesarea (c. 263 – c. 339 AD), and bishop Theodoret (c. 393 – c. 457 AD), regarded him as a father of Armenians. Medieval Jewish traditions linked him with several peoples: Turkic, including the Khazars.
Armenian and Georgian traditions
Another Togarmah, this one being the son of both Tiras and Gomer, is mentioned by Armenian Moses of Chorene (c. 480) and Georgian Leonti Mroveli who regarded Togarmah as the founder of their nations along with other Caucasian peoples.
According to Moses of Chorene's History of Armenia and to Leonti Mroveli's medieval Georgian Chronicles, "Thargamos" was thought to have lived in Babylon, before he received the "land between two Seas and two Mountains" (i.e. the Caucasus) in his possession. He then settled near Mount Ararat and divided his land among his sons:
Hayk (Հայկ) - first son of Thargamos, inherited Mount Ararat and founded the Armenian nation.
Kartlos (ქართლოსი) - settled in north-east from Ararat, founder of Kartli (Sa'kartvelo) who united other brothers and founded the Georgian nation.
Bardos (ancestor of the Aghbanians/Aghuanians/Aghuans)
Movkan (ancestors of the Movkans)
Lekos ancestors of the "Lek" tribe of the North Caucasus.
Heros (Herans) - settled in the eastern part of Ararat
Caucas (Kovkases) - settled beyond the Caucasus Range
Egros (Egers) - settled between the Black Sea and Likhi Range (Western Georgia)
Jewish traditions
Togarmah was linked to several medieval Turkic peoples by Jewish traditions. The Khazar ruler Joseph ben Aaron (c. 960) writes in his letters:
"You ask us also in your epistle: "Of what people, of what family, and of what tribe are you?" Know that we are descended from Japhet, through his son Togarmah. I have found in the genealogical books of my ancestors that Togarmah had ten sons."
He then goes on to enumerate ten names:Pritsak O. & Golb. N: Khazarian Hebrew Documents of the Tenth Century, Ithaca: Cornell Univ. Press, 1982. These names are reconstructed by Korobkin (1998:392)
Agyor (Orkhon Uyghurs?)
Tiros (or scribal error for **Twrq, meaning Turks?)
Ouvar (Avars)
Ugin (or Uguz: possibly Oghuz Turks)
Bisal (Pechenegs?)
Tarna (cf. a Tarniach people who fled to the Avars from the Turks)
Khazar (Khazars)
Zanor (or Janur)
Balnod (or Bulgar: Bulgars)
Savir (Sabirs)
The anonymous Jewish author of the medieval historical chronicle Josippon lists the ten sons of Togarmas in his JosipponNissan, Ephraim (2009) "Medieval Hebrew texts and European river names" Onomàstica 5 p. 188-9 of 187-203 as follows:
Kwzar (כוזר) (the Khazars)
Pyṣynq (פיצינק) (the Pechenegs)
ˀln (אלן) (the Alans)
Bwlgr (בולגר) (the Bulgars)
Knbynˀ (כנבינא) (Kanbina?)
Ṭwrq (טורק) (possibly the Göktürks)
Bwz (בוז) (Flusser corrected this to כוז **Kwz for Ghuzz "Oghuzes", east of the Khazars)
Zkwk (זכוך) (Zakhukh? or זיכוס **Zykws = Zikhūs, meaning the Northwest Caucasian Zygii?Alemany, Agustí (2000). Sources on the Alans: A Critical Compilation. p. 336)
ˀwngr (אוגר) (Ungar; either the Hungarians or the Oghurs/Onogurs)
Tolmaṣ (תולמץ) (cf. the Pecheneg tribe Βορο-ταλμάτ < *Boru-Tolmaç mentioned by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII).
In an 11th-century Arabic translation of Josippon by a Yemenite Jew: Togorma's tribes are these:
al-Khazar (Khazars)
al-Bajanāq (Pechenegs)
al-Ās-Alān (Alans)
al-Bulġar (Bulgars)
[...]
[...]
[...]
Khyabars (Kabars? or Sabirs? or scribal error for *Zyḵws, meaning Zygii?)
Unjar (Hungarians or Oghurs/Onogurs)
Ṭalmīs (cf. the Pecheneg tribe Βορο-ταλμάτ < *Boru-Tolmaç mentioned by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII).
In the Chronicles of Jerahmeel,The Chronicles of Jerahmeel at sacred-texts Ch. XXVII quote: "Togarmah branched into ten families, who are the Cuzar (###), Paṣinaq (###), Alan (###), Bulgar (###), Kanbina (###), Turq (###), Buz (###), Zakhukh (###), Ugar (###), and Tulmeṣ (###)" the three "children" are listed as:
Abihud Shāfaṭ YaftirAnd the ten "families"The Chronicles of Jerahmeel at sacred-texts Ch. XXXI are listed as:
Cuzar (the Khazars)
Pasinaq (the Pechenegs)
Alan (the Alans)
Bulgar (the Bulgars)
Kanbinah Turq (possibly the Göktürks)
Buz (possibly scribal error for **Kwz, meaning Oghuz Turks)
Zakhukh (scribal error for **Zykws, meaning Zygii?)
Ugar (either the Hungarians or the Oghurs/Onogurs)
Tulmes (cf. the Pecheneg tribe Βορο-ταλμάτ < *Boru-Tolmaç mentioned by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII)
Another medieval rabbinic work, the Book of Jasher,Plain text: Cumorah Project: LDS and World Classics (Based on 1840 translation; Includes translator's preface). "Chapter 10: 10v-12v". Quote: "And the children of Tugarma are ten families, and these are their names: Buzar, Parzunac, Balgar, Elicanum, Ragbib, Tarki, Bid, Zebuc, Ongal and Tilmaz" give the names:
Buzar (possibly scribal error for Kuzar, meaning Khazars)
Parzunac (the Pechenegs)
Elicanum (the Alans?)
Balgar (the Bulgars)
Ragbib
Tarki (possibly the Göktürks)
Bid (possibly scribal error for **Kuz, meaning Oghuz Turks)
Zebuc (scribal error for Zykws, meaning Zygii?)
Ongal (Hungarians or Oghurs/Onogurs)
Tilmaz (cf. the Pecheneg tribe Βορο-ταλμάτ < *Boru-Tolmaç mentioned by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII)).
In the 18th century, the French Benedictine monk and scholar Calmet (1672–1757) placed Togarmah in Scythia and Turcomania'' (in the Eurasian Steppes and Central Asia).
Notes
References
Georgian mythology
Prehistoric Armenia
Hebrew Bible nations
History of the Turkic peoples
Book of Genesis people
Japheth
Noach (parashah)
Gilberto Cirilo de Campos (July 6, 1964 in São Borja – July 23, 2018 in Santa Cruz do Sul), commonly known as Beto Campos, was a Brazilian football manager.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Avenida
Campeonato Gaúcho Série B:2011
Caxias
Campeonato Gaúcho Série B: 2016
Novo Hamburgo
Campeonato Gaúcho: 2017
Individual
Campeonato Gaúcho Coach of the Year: 2017
References
1964 births
Living people
People from São Borja
Brazilian football managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C managers
Esporte Clube Pelotas managers
Esporte Clube Avenida managers
Sport Club São Paulo managers
Esporte Clube Cruzeiro managers
Associação Esportiva e Recreativa Santo Ângelo managers
Esporte Clube Passo Fundo managers
Esporte Clube São José managers
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul managers
Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo managers
Clube Náutico Capibaribe managers
Criciúma Esporte Clube managers
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
The Fiastra is a river in the province of Macerata in the Marche region of Italy. Its source is in the Sibillini Mountains in Monti Sibillini National Park near Sarnano. It flows northeast near San Ginesio, Loro Piceno and Urbisaglia before entering the Chienti south of Macerata. The historic Abbadia di Fiastra is located near the river.
References
Rivers of the Province of Macerata
Rivers of Italy
Adriatic Italian coast basins
Les Monégasques may refer to:
Les Monégasques, a band formed by Jean-Pierre Massiera and Pierre Malaussena in 1964
Les Monégasques, a nickname for the French football club AS Monaco FC
See also
Monaco (disambiguation)
Monégasque (disambiguation)
Disambiguation pages
The Magic City Snowbears was a professional basketball club based in Minot, North Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1996-1997 season. The team was contracted when the IBA, IBL, and CBA merged for the 2001-2002 season. The team was managed by Minot, ND Mayor Curt Zimbelman.
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Minot, North Dakota
Basketball teams in North Dakota
Basketball teams established in 1996
Sport clubs disestablished in 2001
1996 establishments in North Dakota
2001 disestablishments in North Dakota
Medieval Mayhem is an Atari 2600 video game.
Medieval Mayhem may also refer to:
"Medieval Mayhem", a Dinner: Impossible episode
"Medieval Mayhem", a segment of the 2009 Mythbusters episode "Exploding Bumper"
"Medieval Mayhem", a game level of Crash Bash
Slayers Medieval Mayhem, Slayers manga title
Figgjo is a borough of the city of Sandnes in the west part of the large municipality of Sandnes in Rogaland county, Norway. The borough is located in the southern part of the city. It has a population (2016) of 2,213. The borough is mostly rural, but the village of Figgjo lies in the southern edge of the municipality. About 90% of the population of the borough lives in the village of Figgjo.
Although it is part of the city of Sandnes, Statistics Norway considers Figgjo to be a separate urban area (this urban area is not the same as the borough, just one part of it). In recent years, however, Figgjo has grown together with the large village of Ålgård, located immediately to the south in the neighboring municipality of Gjesdal. In 2016, Statistics Norway recorded the Ålgård-Figgjo urban area as having a combined population of 10,956. Figgjo's urban area alone has a population of 2,018.
Figgjo is known for the Figgjo factories. Previously the village had a train station on the now closed Ålgård Line.
References
Boroughs and neighbourhoods of Sandnes
Tougher Than Leather is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Run-D.M.C., released on May 17, 1988, by Profile Records. The album was produced by the group members themselves, Davy D. and Rick Rubin.
While the new record did not maintain the same popularity as its predecessor, it obtained platinum status and spawned the favorites "Run's House" and "Mary, Mary". Despite being given a mixed reception at the time of its release, it is now hailed as a seminal classic in hip-hop and many see it as an underrated album.
Tougher Than Leather peaked at number 9 on the US Billboard 200, and number 2 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA on July 19, 1988.
The album features three the Billboard singles: "Run's House", "Mary, Mary" and "I'm Not Going Out Like That". "Run's House" and "Mary, Mary" also hit the UK Singles Chart.
The album was reissued by Arista Records in 1999 and 2003. An expanded and remastered edition was released in 2005 and contained 4 previously unreleased songs.
Background
The platinum-selling album, a follow-up to the group's big commercial breakthrough album 1986's Raising Hell, featured some of the group's classics like "Run's House", "Beats to the Rhyme", and a cover of The Monkees's "Mary, Mary". Tougher Than Leather was the group's fourth effort and blended in elements of not only rap but also rock n' roll and funk, making it their most varied effort to date alongside King of Rock. "Papa Crazy" is based on "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" by The Temptations. The album was recorded at 5 studios in New York City: Chung King House Of Metal, Unique Recording Studios, Inc., Electric Lady Studios, Ian London Studios, Greene St. Recording.
In response to albums such as Eric B. & Rakim's Paid In Full, Public Enemy's It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back, and Boogie Down Productions' Criminal Minded and By All Means Necessary, the group made a distinct departure from their earlier work, as Jam-Master Jay used a heavier amount of sampling.
Run and DMC also made changes in their rapping style (heavily influenced by Rakim) as techniques such as alliteration, polysyllabic rhyming, and internal rhyme are found in songs like "I'm Not Going Out Like That," "Radio Station", and the title track. The group also introduces storytelling to their arsenal in "Ragtime". Despite this, Run-D.M.C. does not abandon their formula of combining hip-hop beats with hard rock guitar riffs, using it in "Miss Elaine", the title track, "Soul To Rock And Roll", and "Mary, Mary".
Film
The album was accompanied by the release of a crime film of the same name by New Line Cinema with Rick Rubin as a director and starring Run-D.M.C. According to the plot Run-D.M.C. must find and punish the evil drug lord-record company executive who murdered their friend. Along the way, they encounter racist bikers, blonde bimbos, and the Beastie Boys. The film was released on September 16, 1988, and was panned by critics.
Track listing
The information about samples was taken from WhoSampled.
Deluxe edition bonus tracks
The information about bonus tracks was taken from a booklet of 2005 expanded deluxe edition.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Tougher Than Leather at Discogs
Tougher Than Leather at RapGenius
Review of video, Video Review, Jan. 1989
Tougher Than Leather (film) at the Internet Movie Database
1988 albums
Run-DMC albums
Profile Records albums
Albums produced by Rick Rubin
Albums recorded at Chung King Studios
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
Albums recorded at Greene St. Recording
"Why, Pt. 2" is a song by the American band Collective Soul, released on their 2000 album Blender.
Written by singer/guitarist Ed Roland, the song did not chart on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 charts, but did reach #2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Track listing
All songs written by Ed Roland.
"Why, Pt. 2"
"Over Tokyo" (acoustic demo)
"Why, Pt. 2" (acoustic demo)
External links
References
2000 singles
2000 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Collective Soul songs
Music videos directed by Marcos Siega
Songs written by Ed Roland
Jan Frans De Vriendt (4 or 24 June 1829 – 16 April 1919) was a Belgian sculptor.
Life and work
Jan Frans De Vriendt (or Jean François De Vriendt) was born in Lier on 24 June 1829. He lived and worked in Borgerhout. He was educated (from 1847 to 1859) at the academies of Mechelen, where he studied under Joseph Tuerlinckx, and Antwerp. He was married to Catharina Maria Philomina Eulaers. Two of their children, Henricus Gustavus and Franciscus Jacobus Ludovicus, also became sculptors. Franciscus Jacobus Ludovicus later became an actor, performing with success in South Africa, where he died in 1946.
Frans De Vriendt made monumental statues in stone, bronze or wood, as well as portrait reliefs and bas-reliefs. Most of his clientele was from Belgian, but he also had foreign clients, notably from the United Kingdom and in the Netherlands. He delivered Stations of the Cross to more than thirty places of worship, including the churches of Mechelen, Hoboken, Merksplas, Schilde, Stabroek and Tollembeek.
In the 1860s, De Vriendt was a teacher of Sculpture at the Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. The Dutch sculptor (1838–1914) studied in Antwerp from about 1863 to 1870 and was trained by him.
De Vriendt died in Borgerhout at the age of 89. The interment took place at the Borgerhout cemetery Silsburg, but his grave no longer exists. The local population honored him by naming Frans De Vriendtstraat after him.
Gallery
References
1829 births
1919 deaths
19th-century Belgian sculptors
19th-century Belgian male artists
People from Lier, Belgium
Eduard Müller may refer to:
Eduard Müller (philologist) (1804–1875), German gymnasium director
Eduard Müller (German politician) (1818–1895), German priest, member of the German Reichstag, co-founder of the German Catholic Centre Party
Eduard Müller (sculptor) (1828–1895), German sculptor
Eduard Müller (Swiss politician) (1848–1919), member of the Federal Council, President of the Confederation
Eduard Müller (internist) (1876–1928), German internist and neurologist
Eduard Müller (martyr) (1911–1943), German Catholic priest and anti-Nazi Lübeck martyr
Eduard Müller (cross-country skier) (born 1912), Swiss Olympic skier
Eduard Müller (Austrian politician) (born 1962), Minister of Finance
See also
Édouard Muller (disambiguation)
Katherine Gwen Mudge (16 August 1881 – 26 July 1975) was a British archer. She competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. She was born in Llanbedr, Gwynedd in Wales and was a member of the Devon and Cornwall Archery Society. Mudge competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. She took 17th place in the event with 465 points.
Her married name was Cardale. She died in Stratton in Cornwall on 26 July 1975.
References
Sources
1881 births
1975 deaths
People from Gwynedd
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Welsh female archers
Trifonov () is a Bulgarian and Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Trifonova. It may refer to:
Aleksandr Trifonov (biathlete) (born 1986), Kazakh biathlete
Aleksandr Trifonov (canoeist), Russian sprint canoeist
Andrey Trifonov (born 1965), Russian politician
Daniil Trifonov (born 1991), Russian concert pianist and composer
Edward Trifonov (born 1937), Russian-born Israeli molecular biophysicist
Filip Trifonov (born 1947), Bulgarian actor
Iliyan Trifonov (born 1984), Bulgarian football player
Ivan Trifonov (born 1948), Russian cyclist
Kamen Trifonov (born 1990), Bulgarian football player
Krasen Trifonov (born 1983), Bulgarian football midfielder
Oleg Trifonov (born 1981), Russian football player
Petar Trifonov (born 1984), Bulgarian football player
Rumen Trifonov (born 1985), Bulgarian football player
Slavi Trifonov (born 1966), Bulgarian actor, singer and politician
Tihomir Trifonov (born 1986), Bulgarian football player
Valentin Trifonov (1888–1938), Russian revolutionary
Yury Trifonov (1925–1981), Russian author
Bulgarian-language surnames
Russian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Yegor Irodov (; born June 30, 1966) is a Ukrainian and Soviet musician, audio engineer, arranger, producer, composer, and actor.
Biography
Yegor Irodov was born on June 30, 1966, in Kyiv, to physiologist parents Mikhail Irodov and Ninelle Irodova, both of whom were contributors to the development of Ukrainian sport—athletes trained by them provided Ukraine with a large quantity of Olympic medals.
At the age of 6, Yegor began playing the piano. In 1980, he was awarded a gold medal when graduating from a musical school, and that same year enrolled into the K. Stetsenko Musical School of Jazz, attending with Konstantin Vilensky.
In 1981, Yegor began performing on stage in the Union of Ukrainian Composers and other concert halls across the country as one half of a jazz duet with Alexey Kolesnichenko, and various other jazz outfits.
In 1984, he graduated from the K. Stetsenko Musical School of Jazz with a Gold medal.
During his service in the army, Yegor participated in the military's orchestral division, where he learned musical orchestration and arrangement.
From 1987, he began working with the Krasnodar State Philarmony as the musical director of the group Tandem, and of the parodist Vladimir Chistyakov. During that time, he also worked with Igor Matvienko, Sergei Mazayev, Nikolai Rastorguyev (as part of the collective Zdrastvuyi Pesnya, the Kuban Cossack Choir, and Grigoriy Ponomarenko.
In 1989, Yegor left Tandem to join a group named Zodchiye as their keyboardist and musical director, relocating to Moscow – Zodchiye went on to tour the USSR and abroad. Irodov was responsible for all of the arrangements during his tenure with the band, in addition to their musical style. At that time, the group's political lyrics landed them on the Black List of the USSR's Komsomol and the party's "recommendations". Zodchiye claimed then to be taking part in an attempt to "nail in the final nails on the coffin of European communism."
The group's success was propelled via Mikhail Gorbachev's perestroika policy, which allowed the TV show Vzglyad to fund the band's music videos, gaining the support of the new political vanguard. This step had gotten the group booked in virtually every concert hall in the former Soviet Union, with the likes of Aleksey Glyzin, Yevgeny Margulis, the group Lyube, Rondo, participating in the Alla Pugachyeva Theater of Song, etc.
Over time, as Zodchiye's lyrics became less politically charged, popular interest in the band waned.
Parallel to his work in Zodchiye, Yegor worked as an arranger with artists and bands such as Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Alyona Sviridova, Olga Kormukhina, Igor Gataullin, Alexander Barykin, Alexander Shevchenko, Andrey Marioli, the groups Super R, Vesyolye Rebyata, Eskadron, etc.
In 1991, collaborating with the composer Viktor Reznikov, the singer Mikhail Muromov, and the leader of Zodchiye Yury Davidov, Yegor took part in founding the "Starko" Russian Pop Star Football Club as its chief administrator. The charitable aims of this project had inspired many of its members to donate to sick children all over the country. Yegor left the organization in 1996, citing dissatisfaction with its impediment on his creativity, and relocated back to Kyiv, where he began working as a songwriter and arranger with local acts and artists as Nikolai Mosgovoi, Aurika Rotaru, Irina Skazina, Oksana Khozhai, the guitarist Sergo Chanturia, Tina Karol, Anyuta Slavska, Natalie Volkova, the groups: Man Sound, KARE, 12th Floor, the Roma theatre Romance, and many others. In addition, he began working with television projects and commercials, with over 700 compositions recorded.
In 2002, Yegor began to study film audio production under Lyubov Tselmer, going on to become the first dual sound producer-film composer in Ukraine. As a result, his first film, European Convoy (directed by Andrey Benkendorf), received critical acclaim.
In 2004, Yegor took part in ABBA's 30th Anniversary, in Vilnius, Lithuania, working as the musical director and sound producer of the event, thereby halting his music-making career and dedicating his time to audio post-production for film and television.
Since 2006, he has been working as the head of the audio department in the largest film corporation in the CIS, «STAR MEDIA GROUP». As of now, Yegor has been the sound producer behind over 50 films and television series which have been shown and broadcast over many countries throughout Eastern and Western Europe, the Middle East, China, Japan, the United States, Israel, and others. Many of his productions went on to win awards as well as first place in various international contests.
Currently, he is enrolled in the Berklee College of Music.
Personal life
Yegor is married to Oleksandra Savelyeva, and they have a daughter Maryna (b. 2009).
Awards and recognition
Juror of International Emmy Award (New York City)
Juror of Banff World Media Festival
International Membership Friend of the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television .
Member of the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (Emmy Award) .
Goodwill Ambassador on the Music Field of View of The World Film and Music Festival .
National Delegate for East Europe of the International Forum-Festival COOKING MEDIAS SHOW .
FILMING IN UKRAINE. TV. Best of 10 Years Awards (2020) Best Sound Supervisor .
USA Goodwill Ambassador for the Media Council of the Ukrainian World Congress .
References
Sources
«The less noticeable is the work of the audio engineer, the higher is his professionalism.». Star Media Sound Producer about film, show business and Eurovision // Interview for "Medianyanya»
"Group «Zodchiye» Megabook
Official site of the group «Zodchiye
Newspaper «Segodnya» «ПЕРВЫЙ ЧЕТВЕРТАК ПЕРВОГО ЭСТРАДНОГО»
Official site of Ilya Shakunov
Secrets of Sound Design for Film // Interview for BROADCAST MAGAZINE
LAST FM
ROCK.hell
// top 100 Ukrainian Film Makers for last 10 years
External links
Discography
Discogs
Aleksander Gradsky
Music groups of the USSR
1966 births
Living people
Musicians from Kyiv
The 2015 La Course by Le Tour de France was the second edition of La Course by Le Tour de France, a one-day women's cycle race held in France. The race was run before the 21st stage of the 2015 Tour de France on 26 July. It was organised by the ASO and rated by the UCI as a 1.1 category race.
Route
The race used the same course as the 2014 edition of the race, 13 laps of the traditional course on the Champs-Élysées in Paris - making a distance of .
Teams competing
Race summary
During the race the rain hammered down. The stones of the course were very slippery causing many crashes. Only 62 of the 196 riders who started the race finished. Dutch favorite Ellen van Dijk was involved in one of the first crashes. She broke her collarbone and had to abandon. Among other casualties were the world champion, Pauline Ferrand-Prévot, who went down in the closing kilometres, and Shelley Olds who crashed and remounted, only to lose her derailleur and be forced to abandon.
Result
See also
2015 in women's road cycling
References
External links
2015 in women's road cycling
La Course by Le Tour de France
2015 in French sport
Carwyn Jones (born 23 February 1993) is a Welsh rugby union player. He plays for Rugby Club Vannes in the French D12 league.
Career
From Haverfordwest, and a former member of the Scarlets academy,
Jones was part of the Wales Under-20s side that reached the Junior World Championship final in 2013, appearing alongside the likes of Ellis Jenkins, Elliot Dee, Rhodri Williams, and Hallam Amos amongst others, before losing 23–15 to an England side in the final that contained the likes of future Welsh international Ross Moriarty as well as future England internationals Jack Nowell, Anthony Watson, Henry Slade, and Luke Cowan-Dickie. Jones appeared for Carmarthen Quins before moving to London to play for the Ealing Trailfinders where he played in the second row alongside his twin brother Llewelyn Jones. A move to Brittany in France with RC Vannes followed in 2017.
References
1993 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Haverfordwest
Welsh rugby union players
Soleichthys is a genus of small soles native to coastal waters in the Indo-Pacific.
Species
There are currently eight recognized species in this genus:
Soleichthys dori J. E. Randall & Munroe, 2008
Soleichthys heterorhinos (Bleeker, 1856)
Soleichthys maculosus Muchhala & Munroe, 2004 (Whiteblotched sole)
Soleichthys microcephalus (Günther, 1862) (Small-head sole)
Soleichthys oculofasciatus Munroe & Menke, 2004 (Banded-eye sole)
Soleichthys serpenpellis Munroe & Menke, 2004 (Snakeskin sole)
Soleichthys siammakuti Wongratana, 1975
Soleichthys tubiferus (W. K. H. Peters, 1876)
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
County Buildings (also known as the Former County Buildings) is a Grade II listed building in Wrexham, Wrexham County Borough, Wales. It houses the Wrexham County Borough Museum and Wrexham Archives. It is proposed that a Football Museum for Wales be housed in the building. The building is located between Saint Mark's Road and Regent Street in the city centre and Offa, bounded by Wrexham Cathedral to the west.
Description
The building is located on the corner of Saint Mark's Road and Regent Street, in the city centre of Wrexham and in the community of Offa. The Cathedral Church of Our Lady of Sorrows is located to its west also on Regent Street.
Former County Buildings is two-stories, with a five-bay entrance front which is flanked either side by advanced gabled ranges. The building's architecture is of a Tudor gothic style. The building is composed of roughtly coursed and squared stone with freestone dressings and steep slate roofs with coped gables, axial and end wall stack with chamfered shafts. The central gable located above the main entrance in loggia (now glazed) is composed of five bays of chamfered depressed gothic arches, between small buttresses. Also above the main entrance is a four-light oriel window, with a leaded roof, flanked by three-light windows either side, all with mullions and transoms. The lower gabled wings are also of similar detail, the right hand gable is advanced from the main range and houses the entrance to the No. 1 court in its own gabled rear wing. The left hand range clasps the outer angle of the main front, and there is a further wing located at its rear, parallel to the main range. The building has a chamfered buttressed tower, with a deep moulded arched doorway and a staircase under a sloping, embattled roofline with stepped windows.
Internally, the building's layout was modified in 1980, with rooms enlarged, a circulation space created and the courtyard enclosed.
History
The building was built as a militia barracks between 1857 and 1858 to the architectural designs of Thomas Penson. The Royal Denbighshire Militia relocated their armoury from Chester Castle, including their guns and ammunition, to the upstairs room of the building, now known as Court Room 1. The building also provided as the home for the militia's officers, whereas the soldiers resided in houses around the then town and trained for one month annually. The militia vacated the building in 1877, moving to the Hightown Barracks.
In around 1879, the building was converted to a divisional police station of the Denbighshire Constabulary and a magistrates' court. The building was remodelled internally and externally to have two courtrooms and a number of cells on the ground-floor for individuals on remand or accommodated overnight when showing signs of alcohol intoxication. In the 1901 census, three prisoners were held in the building on census day. The exercise yard for prisoners is present today and surrounded by high walls to prevent escape.
In the 1890s the building was extended and the extension later used as council offices.
In 1976–77, North Wales Police, which the Denbighshire Constabulary was absorbed into, relocated to Bodhyfryd police station, to the north-east, leaving the County Buildings vacant. Between 1977 and 1996, parts of the building were part of a local art college.
In 1996, following the formation of Wrexham County Borough from Clwyd, the building opened as the Wrexham County Borough Museum and Archives. The building was refurbished in 2010–11, adding a front extension and now contains the Courtyard Cafe.
It is proposed that the building host the Football Museum for Wales on the vacant upper parts of the building, and is projected to open in 2024. Wrexham was chosen as the location for a national football museum, due to Wrexham's football heritage which includes the founding of the FAW in Wrexham in 1876, and having the oldest Welsh club, as well as the oldest football ground in Wales.
References
Grade II listed buildings in Wrexham County Borough
Government buildings completed in 1857
Dinamo Fima is a Malagasy football club based in Antananarivo, Madagascar. The team has won the THB Champions League in 1982 and 1983. The team currently plays in the Malagasy Second Division.
Achievements
THB Champions League
Champion (2): 1982, 1983
Coupe de Madagascar
Winner (2): 1981, 1983
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League: 1 appearance
1983 – First round
References
External links
Team profile - foot-base.com
Team profile - The Biggest Football Archive of the World
Football clubs in Madagascar
Antananarivo
The Netherlands Bioinformatics for Proteomics Platform (NBPP) is joint initiative of the Netherlands Bioinformatics Centre (NBIC) and the Netherlands Proteomics Centre (NPC).
Its main goal is to provide user friendly, high-throughput data processing services to analyse proteomics liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) data based on open source tools or tools developed and available within the platform members and build an infrastructure that will make possible for non-experts i.e. wet lab scientists to run a typical proteomics analysis pipelines and workflows, and for experts to experiment with different variations of the analysis.
References
External links
Organisations based in the Netherlands
Proteomics organizations
This is a list of works published by Umberto Eco.
Novels
Il nome della rosa (1980; English translation: The Name of the Rose, 1983)
Il pendolo di Foucault (1988; English translation: Foucault's Pendulum, 1989)
L'isola del giorno prima (1994; English translation: The Island of the Day Before, 1995)
Baudolino (2000; English translation: Baudolino, 2001)
La misteriosa fiamma della regina Loana (2004; English translation: The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana, 2005)
Il cimitero di Praga (2010; English translation: The Prague Cemetery, 2011)
Numero Zero (2015; English translation: Numero Zero, 2015)
Non-fiction books
Il problema estetico in San Tommaso (1956 – English translation: The Aesthetics of Thomas Aquinas, 1988, revised)
"Sviluppo dell'estetica medievale", in Momenti e problemi di storia dell'estetica (1959 – Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages, 1985)
Opera aperta (1962, rev. 1976 – English translation: The Open Work (1989)
Diario Minimo (1963 – English translation: Misreadings, 1993)
Apocalittici e integrati (1964 – Partial English translation: Apocalypse Postponed, 1994)
Le poetiche di Joyce (1965 – English translations: The Middle Ages of James Joyce, The Aesthetics of Chaosmos, 1989)
La Struttura Assente (1968 – The Absent Structure)
Il costume di casa (1973 – English translation: Faith in Fakes: Travels in Hyperreality, 1986)
Trattato di semiotica generale (1975 – English translation: A Theory of Semiotics, 1976)
Il Superuomo di massa (1976)
Come si fa una tesi di laurea (1977 - English translation: How to Write a Thesis, 2015)
Dalla periferia dell'impero (1977)
Lector in fabula (1979)
A semiotic Landscape. Panorama sémiotique. Proceedings of the Ist Congress of the International Association for Semiotic Studies, Den Haag, Paris, New York: Mouton (=Approaches to Semiotics, 29) (with Seymour Chatman and Jean-Marie Klinkenberg).
The Role of the Reader: Explorations in the Semiotics of Texts (1979 – English edition containing essays from Opera aperta, Apocalittici e integrati, Forme del contenuto (1971), Il Superuomo di massa, Lector in Fabula).
Sette anni di desiderio (1983)
Postille a il nome della rosa (1983 – US edition: Postscript to The Name of the Rose, 1984; UK edition: Reflections on The Name of the Rose, 1985)Semiotica e filosofia del linguaggio (1984 – English translation: Semiotics and the Philosophy of Language, 1984)De Bibliotheca (1986 – in Italian and French)Lo strano caso della Hanau 1609 (1989 – French translation: L'Enigme de l'Hanau 1609, 1990)I limiti dell'interpretazione (1990 – The Limits of Interpretation, 1990)Interpretation and Overinterpretation (1992 – with R. Rorty, J. Culler, C. Brooke-Rose; edited by S. Collini)Il secondo diario minimo (1992)La ricerca della lingua perfetta nella cultura europea (1993 – English translation: The Search for the Perfect Language (The Making of Europe), 1995)Six Walks in the Fictional Woods (1994)Incontro – Encounter – Rencontre (1996 – in Italian, English, French)In cosa crede chi non crede? (with Carlo Maria Martini), 1996 – English translation: Belief or Nonbelief?: A Dialogue, 2000)Cinque scritti morali (1997 – English translation: Five Moral Pieces, 2001)Kant e l'ornitorinco (1997 – English translation: Kant and the Platypus: Essays on Language and Cognition, 1999)Serendipities: Language and Lunacy (1998)How to Travel with a Salmon & Other Essays (1998 – Partial English translation of Il secondo diario minimo, 1994)La bustina di Minerva (1999)Experiences in Translation University of Toronto Press (2000)Sugli specchi e altri saggi (2002)Sulla letteratura (2003 – English translation by Martin McLaughlin: On Literature, 2004)Dire quasi la stessa cosa: esperienze di traduzione (2003), Milano, Bompiani, 2003, ISBN 88-452-5397-X.Mouse or Rat?: Translation as negotiation (2003)Storia della bellezza (2004, co-edited with Girolamo de Michele – English translation: History of Beauty/On Beauty, 2004)A passo di gambero. Guerre calde e populismo mediatico (Bompiani, 2006 – English translation: Turning Back the Clock: Hot Wars and Media Populism, 2007, Alastair McEwen)Storia della bruttezza (Bompiani, 2007 – English translation: On Ugliness, 2007)Dall'albero al labirinto: studi storici sul segno e l'interpretazione (Bompiani, 2007 – English translation: "From the Tree to the Labyrinth: Historical Studies on the Sign and Interpretation", 2014, Anthony Oldcorn)La Vertigine della Lista (Rizzoli, 2009) – English translation: The Infinity of ListsCostruire il nemico e altri scritti occasionali (Bompiani, 2011) – English translation by Richard Dixon: Inventing the Enemy (2012)Storia delle terre e dei luoghi leggendari (Bompiani, 2013) – English translation by Alastair McEwen: The Book of Legendary Lands (2013)
Pape Satàn Aleppe: Cronache di una società liquida (Nave di Teseo, 2016) – English translation by Richard Dixon: Chronicles of a Liquid Society (2017)
Anthologies
, 236 pages. Ten essays on methods of abductive inference in Poe's Dupin, Doyle's Holmes, Peirce and many others.
, 236 pages. Two essays by U. Eco, medieval texts and commentaries.
ManualCome si fa una tesi di laurea (1977) – English translation How to Write a Thesis (2015)
Books for children
(Art by Eugenio Carmi)La bomba e il generale (1966, Rev. 1988 - English translation: The Bomb and the General)I tre cosmonauti (1966 - English translation: The Three Astronauts)Gli gnomi di Gnu (1992 - English translation: The Gnomes of Gnu)
Essays & articles
Eternal Fascism: Fourteen Ways of Looking at a Blackshirt (from The New York Review of Books, 22 June 1995) [via Archive.org]
A paso de cangrejo: artículos, reflexiones y decepciones, 2000-2006'' ('At a Crab's Pace: Articles, Reflections and Disappointments, 2000-2006') (2007)
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of Italian writers
Philosophy bibliographies
Aprophata ruficollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1916. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1916
Samprada Singh (1925 – 27 July 2019) was an Indian businessman, who was the founder and chairman of Alkem Laboratories, which develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical formulations and nutraceuticals in India. It has operations in Europe, Africa, the Asia Pacific, South America, the United States and India.
In 2017, Samprada Singh had an estimated net worth of $3.3 billion. He died on 27 July 2019.
Early life and business career
Samprada Singh was born in Jehanabad, Bihar. He founded Alkem Laboratories Ltd along with his younger brother Basudeo Narayan Singh, in 1973 and served as its chairman and his brother is the current managing director of Alkem.
Honors and awards
In 2009, Pharmaceutical Leadership Summit & Awards founded by Satya Brahma awarded Samprada Singh with a Lifetime Achievement Award for building Alkem as a top Indian Pharma Company.
In 2017, Samprada Singh received the Ernst and Young 'Entrepreneur of the Year in Healthcare and Life Sciences'.
In 2017, Samprada Singh was ranked as the 43rd richest man in India by Forbes magazine.
In 2018, Samprada Singh was the richest Bihari in India.
References
External links
Samprada Singh on Forbes India
1925 births
2019 deaths
Businesspeople from Bihar
Patna University alumni
Indian businesspeople in the pharmaceutical industry
People from Jehanabad district
Business-related lists
Nenad Beđik (, born 14 April 1989 in Subotica, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian rower. He won 6th place in double sculls at the 2007 Junior World Championship. He represented Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics, with Nikola Stojic, and the 2016 Summer Olympics, with Milos Vasic.
At World level, he won bronze at the 2015 World Championships with Vasic.
At European level he has won gold in 2013, with Stojic, and bronze in 2012 (with Stojic) and 2015 and 2017 (with Vasic).
He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer. He is a member of Rowing Club Partizan.
References
External links
Serbian rowing federation
1989 births
Living people
Serbian male rowers
Sportspeople from Subotica
Olympic rowers of Serbia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Serbia
European champions for Serbia
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Serbia
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in rowing
European Rowing Championships medalists
The San Juan City Wall (Spanish: Murallas del Viejo San Juan) is a city wall that surrounds the western end of the Islet of San Juan, site of the historic Old San Juan district in San Juan, Puerto Rico. This defensive wall system was built between the 16th and 20th centuries to protect the city and the Bay of San Juan, a highly strategic point in the Caribbean. These walls, along with the defensive fortresses in Old San Juan (La Fortaleza, El Morro and San Cristóbal), form part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site-designated San Juan National Historic Site as they are characteristic examples of the historic methods of construction used in military architecture which adapted European designs and techniques to the special conditions of the Caribbean port cities.
San Juan remains the only walled city under the United States jurisdiction, with walled cities like Boston, Charleston and New Orleans no longer having walls after the 18th century, although St. Augustine, Florida still retains several wall remnants. Examples of other North American walled cities that retain their ramparts are Quebec City in Canada and Campeche in Mexico. The bartizans (garitas) found along the walls are considered emblematic of the city of San Juan and a symbol of historic heritage preservation in Puerto Rico.
Overview
Construction of the defensive walls began in 1634 with the establishment of 3 miles of masonry walls, and by 1783 the wall system fully encircled the city of Old San Juan. The current wall system continued to be updated and modified between the 17th and the 20th centuries, although most of the current structure dates to the 18th century. About three fourths of the walls remain as the southeastern portion was demolished after being heavily damaged by the 1867 earthquake and in order to allow for the eastward urban development of Old San Juan during the time that the Islet of San Juan was being connected to the emerging San Juan streetcar system and the expanding railroad system of Puerto Rico. The remaining portions of the wall system are now historically protected, and it additionally consists of series of ramparts and bastions interconnected with El Morro and San Cristóbal defensive castles.
Layout and components
Southeastern wall and Puerta de Tierra
The southeastern portion of the city wall system is the only section that does not remain as it was demolished by the end of the 19th century after suffering irreparable damages from the 1867 Virgin Islands earthquake. Additionally, much effort in the development of the defensive system of the Islet of San Juan had been focused on the construction of the Fortín de San Gerónimo de Boquerón and the development of the eastern Advanced Defense Line earlier in the 18th century. During this time, the damaged southeastern portion of the wall was considered militarily redundant and physically obstructive for the eastward urban expansion of Old San Juan.
The former southern wall extended from the still standing Bastión de la Derecha de San Justo y Pastor, located at the eastern end of Paseo de La Princesa, eastward along Recinto Sur and Covadonga Streets. At the time of the demolition of the wall, Covadonga Avenue (better known as Paseo Covadonga) formed part of the northern terminus of the Camino Real (today the Ponce de León Avenue) and it was the location of the Covadonga Railway and Streetcar Terminal which no longer stands. North from this site was the location of the main eastern access gate into the city, where Plaza Colón (formerly known as Santiago Square) is today. The eastern district of the Islet of San Juan still retains the name of this gate, colloquially known as Puerta de Tierra (Land Gate, officially Gate of Santiago), as it provided ground access into the city from the mainland of Puerto Rico. From here the wall connected to the San Cristóbal Castle, the largest colonial fortification built by Europeans in the New World.
Northern wall
From the San Cristóbal Castle, the city wall includes the Bastión de Santa Teresa and a bartizan or sentry box popularly known as Garita del Diablo, and it extends eastward along Norzagaray Street providing the city defense from attacks coming from the Atlantic Ocean. Several unplanned communities organically developed around slaughterhouse sites along the north flank of this wall between the 17th and 18th centuries, of which La Perla remains today. This wall section contains the bastions of San Sebastián, Santo Tomás, Las Ánimas and San Antonio, and the eastward walls of El Morro.
Western wall and Puerta de Agua
Fort San Felipe del Morro represents the main defensive structure along the northwestern portion of the wall system, in addition to the main defensive entry point into the San Juan Bay together with the smaller Fortín San Juan de la Cruz, popularly known as El Cañuelo, located across the entrance of the bay in Isla de Cabras.
The western first line of defense consists of the San Fernando Battery, the Santa Elena Battery and the Bastión de Santa Elena. This place is also the site of a powder warehouse and several defensive infrastructure and buildings such as what is today known as the Casa Rosa (Pink House). From here the wall extends southward by La Fortaleza, a former military palace that today serves as the main residence of the Governor of Puerto Rico. The other main access gate to the city is still located here and it is known as the Gate of San Juan (Puerta de San Juan), although it used to be colloquially known as Puerta de Agua (Water Gate, in contrast to Puerta de Tierra in the east) since it provided access into the old port of San Juan.
This portion of the walls can be accessed today through the El Morro Esplanade and the Paseo del Morro, a mile-long path that connects the Paseo de La Princesa to the lower walls of El Morro at the entrance of the Bay of San Juan.
Southern wall
The southern portion of the wall extends for about half a mile between La Fortaleza and the Bastión de la Derecha de San Justo y Pastor (the "Left-side Bastion") along the contemporary Paseo de La Princesa, which was the site of a former military prison known as La Princesa Prison. The Bastión de la Concepción, located immediately southeast of La Fortaleza, is the site of the historic Convent of the Servants of Mary, Ministers to the Sick (Convento y Casa de Salud Siervas de María), while the Bastión de las Palmas de San José is today the site of a public square. The Parque de las Palomas and the famous Capilla del Santo Cristo de la Salud are located along the walls between these two bastions.
Gallery
See also
San Juan National Historic Site
References
San Juan National Historic Site
City walls
Buildings and structures in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Fortifications in the United States
Tourist attractions in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Clay County Courthouse or Old Clay County Courthouse may refer to:
Clay County Courthouse (Alabama), Ashland, Alabama, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Clay County Courthouse, Eastern District, Piggott, Arkansas, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Florida), Green Cove Springs, Florida, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Georgia), Fort Gaines, Georgia, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Indiana), Brazil, Indiana, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Illinois), Louisville, Illinois, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Iowa), Spencer, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Kansas), Clay Center, Kansas, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Mississippi), West Point, Mississippi
Clay County Courthouse (Nebraska), Clay Center, Nebraska, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (North Carolina), Haynesville, North Carolina, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (South Dakota), Vermillion, South Dakota, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse (Tennessee), Celina, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
Clay County Courthouse and Jail, Henrietta, Texas, NRHP-listed
Old Clay County Courthouse (West Virginia), Clay, West Virginia, NRHP-listed
Polymerus nigrita is a Palearctic species of true bug.
References
Miridae
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1807
The women's pole vault event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 10 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Pole vaults at the African Championships in Athletics
The Academic Word List (AWL) is a word list of 570 English words which appear with great frequency in a broad range of academic texts. The target readership is English as a second or foreign language students intending to enter English-medium higher education, and teachers of such students. The AWL was developed by Averil Coxhead at the School of Linguistics and Applied Language Studies at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand, and divided into ten sublists in decreasing order of frequency. The AWL excludes words from the General Service List (the 2000 highest-frequency words in general texts); however, many words in the AWL are general vocabulary rather than restricted to an academic domain, such as area, approach, create, similar, and occur in Sublist One.
The list is available on the Simple English Wiktionary.
See also
General Service List
References
Coxhead, A. (2000). A New Academic Word List. TESOL Quarterly, Vol. 34, No. 2 (Summer, 2000), pp. 213-238 https://www.jstor.org/stable/3587951
Hyland, K., & Tse, P. (June 2007). Is there an "Academic Vocabulary"? TESOL Quarterly, Volume 41, Number 2, pp. 235-253.
Hancioglu, N., Neufeld, S., & Eldridge, J. (2008). Through the looking glass and into the land of lexico-grammar. English for Specific Purposes 27/4, 459-479
External links
Academic Vocabulary
Vocabulary in EAP
Level tests online
Lexis (linguistics)
Lists of English words
Inge Mette Hønningen (born 1944) is a classical Danish ballerina who danced in the Royal Danish Ballet until 1992. She starred in Norman Campbell's film Ballerina in 1966. A number of choreographers have created works specially for her, in particular Alvin Ailey who dedicated Witness to her in 1986.
Biography
Born in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen on 3 October 1944, Mette Hønningen is the daughter of the fruit merchant Karl Emil Hønningen (1903–74) and Agnes Elvira Madsen (1906–91). After a few years at Ole Palle Hansen's dancing school, she entered the Royal Theatre's ballet school when she was 12. She began to blossom four years later under Vera Volkova who had every confidence in her talents and adopted a less hasty approach to her development.
By the time of her 1964 début as the pupil in Flemming Flindt's Enetime (The Private Lesson), she had already been selected to star in the Disney film Ballerina which premiered in 1965. During filming, she met the German television producer Thomas Grimm whom she married.
In 1967, she became a soloist and in 1976, principal at the Royal Ballet. She demonstrated her abilities as a Bournonville dancer in Napoli (1963) and Sylfiden (1976) but she is remembered above all for her performances in modern ballet, frequently dancing barefoot. From the late 1960s, she starred in works by the American choreographer Glen Tetley, including Pierrot Lunaire (1968), Greening and Voluntaires (1978), and The Firebird (1981). She also danced in works choreographed by Alvin Ailey: Memoria (1981), Caverna magica and, above all, the nine-minute Witness which he created specially for her in 1986. Hønningen is considered to be one of the most beautiful classical dancers engaged by the Royal Theatre in recent generations.
In the 1970s, Høonningen began to suffer from problems with her back. For her 25th anniversary with the Royal Theatre in 1987, which was also a kind of leaving celebration, she danced the three most important works of her career: Witness, Caverna magica and Harald Lander's Études. Thereafter she was increasingly afflicted with back problems, leading her to retire from the Royal Theatre in 1992. In the late 1990s, she introduced Silja Schandorff and Mette Bødtcher to the Witness sequence.
Awards
In 1974, she was honoured as a Knight of the Dannebrog and in 1976, she received the Tagea Brandt Rejselegat.
References
1944 births
Danish ballerinas
People from Copenhagen
Living people
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
20th-century Danish ballet dancers
V. S. Natarajan was an Indian career banker who served as the 9th Chairman of State Bank of India.
Personal life
He died on 9 January 2013 at his home in Boat Club Road in Chennai, just a few days before his 90th birthday surviving two daughters, a son, four grand children and a couple dozen great grand children.
Career
He had joined the State Bank of India as a probationary officer in 1943 and served in a number of roles. He also served as the chief manager of the Thalassery branch in Kerala. He served as the ninth Chairman of State Bank of India from 20 December 1982 until 30 January 1983. After his retirement in 1983, he was succeeded by R. P. Goyal as the Chairman of State Bank of India. After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1983, he became a lifelong member of the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance.
References
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
2013 deaths
Salvioli's diffusing vaccine (known by its Italian initials VDS, for ) was an Italian vaccine against tuberculosis used from 1948 until 1976, formulated by professor Gaetano Salvioli (1894–1982) of the University of Bologna. The VDS was for some decades the Italian competitor of the French BCG vaccine against tuberculosis.
History
The VDS, definitively standardized between 1948 and 1953 by Professor Gaetano Salvioli, originated first in the studies and vaccine products of Professor Edoardo Maragliano (1849–1940) and Professor Giovanni Petragnani (1893–1969), physiologist and rector of the University of Siena. If Maragliano could boast, in 1903, at the World Congress of Medicine in Madrid that he was the first to develop an anti-tuberculosis serum with killed bacilli, Petragnani further developed his previous experiences and from 1927 to 1935 defined the Italian anti-tuberculosis vaccine under the name AIP (Anatubercolina Integrale Petragnani). When Petragnani interrupted his studies and applications (because he was appointed in 1935 by Benito Mussolini, as Director General of Public Health), Professor Gaetano Salvioli continued his studies and applications. From 1935 to 1948 Salvioli proceeded to the formulation of a vaccine called in that period VPS (vaccine Petragnani Salvioli).
Composition
The VDS consisted of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (or Koch's bacilli), killed by heat and added to ferment hyaluronidase.
One dose for newborns consisted of "a single intradermal injection, carried out at about half of the palmar face of the forearm, is used to introduce into the newborn baby a dose N of lyophilized anti-tuberculosis vaccine consisting of human Koch [bK] bacilli and cattle killed rapidly by heat. This dose [was] 0.68 mgr of human bK plus 0.07 mgr of bovine bK, to which [were] added 6 V units. of Jalovis [hyaluronidase] all in 0.2 cc of solvent [...]}".
Koch's bacilli were cultivated for 30–45 days in "Petragnani's ground". The bacterial patinas, or veils of the cultivated bacteria, were broken up and had to be pulverized, first with a spatula and then with mechanical stirrers to obtain a finer dispersion of the bacilli. The killing of the bacterial suspensions was carried out with the exposure of the duration of few minutes to the heat under pressure at a temperature of 110°, but avoiding boiling.
The ground Petragnani
The composition and layout of the land Petragnani was as follows.
One took 150 cubic centimeters of milk to which were added 1 gram of peptone, 6 grams of potato starch and a peeled potato washed and in pieces. It was brought in bain-marie boiling and shaken everything until the ground had assumed a consistency of sticky type. It was left, always in a bain-marie for about another 30 minutes. It was cooled to about 40 degrees and added 4 eggs and a whole yolk. We filtered through sterile gauze in a graduated cylinder and we added to the filtrate 3% of glycerine and 4% of an aqueous solution to 2% of malachite.
It was then distributed in large tubes and it was coagulated at 80-85° for 30 minutes by means of a device designed by Petragnani himself, which provided for a thermoregulator and special large inclined tubes so that the soil solidified like a flute beak.
Areas of application
In the second post-war period, the spread of TB in Italy was still very high, but antituberculous vaccination was not mandatory.
The bibliography of the time indicates that from 1948 to 1970 the VDS was applied very widely in different parts of Italy. In 1970 it was declared that about 100,000 vaccinations had been performed with positive results.
It was widely applied in the municipality and province of Bologna, in particular at the pediatric clinic of the University of Bologna, directed by Professor Gaetano Salvioli himself.
Over the years there were several Italian centers (pediatric clinics, provincial consortia antitubercolari, headquarters of ONMI (Opera Nazionale Maternità Infanzia) that applied the "Italian-style vaccine" as they used to say at the time to distinguish it from the "French-style vaccine", the competitor BCG.
The VDS was also applied abroad: in Osaka in Japan, Czechoslovakia, Poland, Kolwezi (now in the Democratic Republic of Congo).
In the area of Bologna (municipality and province) up to 80% of newborns were vaccinated. In the province of Venice, the Consortium Antitubercolare Provincial vaccinated between 1953 and 1958 about 16 000 people, especially primary school children.
The involuntary experiment of Dolo (Venice)
Between 1938 and the first months of 1943 Professor Sandro Taronna (1901–1972), director of the Consortium Antitubercolare in Venice had vaccinated 354 children in the orphanage Pio Ospedale della Pietà of Venice. Because of the bombing of the city, 132 children were transferred to the sanatorium building of Dolo in Venice, of which 54 were vaccinated with VPS. Unfortunately, tuberculosis also entered into the sanatorium, causing several victims. This involuntary situation was studied after the war for about 10 years as an exceptional case. After a year of forced cohabitation because of the war, of the 54 vaccinated, 49 survived. 5 died but was verified by autopsies that it happened due to other causes. Of the 78 unvaccinated, 48 survived but 12 died due to Tuberculosis. 18 others died from other causes.
The two producers of the VDS
The Italian anti-tubercular vaccine VDS was initially produced by the company Alfa Farmaceutici of Bologna of Dr Marino Golinelli.
Considering the excellent results and the spread that had the VDS, between 1956 and 1958 the ISM (Istituto Sieroterapico Milanese Serafino Belfanti) in Milan, then led by the Honorable Giovanni Battista Migliori, acquired the production rights from Alfa. The ISM of Milan was the largest public company of serums and vaccines in Italy. ISM was, from 1894 to 1994, a non-profit institution entirely owned by the Municipality of Milan, with a plant in via Darwin in Milan.
In the two-year period 1956–1958 ISM produced six supplies. In the summer of 1958, however, he gave up the production of the vaccine because its 6th supply of 3000 pieces, turned out not to correspond to the protocol provided by Professor Gaetano Salvioli. This batch caused an anomalous vaccination that involved, with a plague at the point of inoculation, 2797 schoolchildren from the province of Venice and infants of Ferrara and Trieste. The plague took several months to heal.
From 1959, until the decision of the Ministry of Health to officially adopt the BCG in Italy (art.1 of the Ministerial Decree of 25 June 1976), the production of VDS returned to the companies of Dr. Marino Golinelli.
See also
History of tuberculosis
References
Tuberculosis vaccines
During the first and second civil conflicts which took place in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), all sides involved in the war actively recruited or conscripted child soldiers, known locally as Kadogos which is a Swahili term meaning "little ones". It has been estimated that the militia led by Thomas Lubanga Dyilo was 30 percent children. In 2011 it was estimated that 30,000 children were still operating with armed groups. The United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO), released a report in 2013 which stated that between 1 January 2012 and 31 August 2013 up to 1,000 children had been recruited by armed groups, and described the recruitment of child soldiers as "endemic".
The former president Laurent Kabila had used children in the conflict from 1996 onwards and it was estimated that up to 10,000 children, some aged only seven years old, served under him.
The International Criminal Court (ICC), in the first trials held on human rights violations in the DRC, led to the first indictments, the first trials and the first convictions, in national jurisprudence for the use of children in combat.
Background
It is estimated in the academic literature that up to 300,000 children form a part of both irregular, and regular armed forces worldwide, and that this number is increasing. In Africa it is estimated that up to 120,000 children, which is 40 percent of the worldwide total, are currently used as combatants or support personnel. Africa has the highest growth rate in the use of children in conflict, and on average, the age of those enlisted is also receding. In 2003 it was estimated that up to 30,000 children were used as soldiers in the DRC, with children making up up to forty percent of some militias.
In 1989 The United Nations passed the Convention on the Rights of the Child. Article 38 states that "State parties shall take all feasible measures to ensure that persons who have not attained the age of 15 years do not take a direct part in hostilities." The optional protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict came into force in 2002 which stipulates that state actors "shall take all feasible measures to ensure that persons below the age of 18 do not take a direct part in hostilities and that they are not compulsorily recruited into their armed forces." The DRC is a signatory of both of these agreements. The official stance taken by UNICEF is that the use of children in armed conflicts is that it is morally reprehensible and illegal.
State reaction
On 19 March 2006, Major Jean-Pierre Biyoyo was sentenced to five years in prison for recruiting and training child soldiers, it was the first time that a court in the DRC had tried, and convicted a soldier for child recruitment.
International reaction
According to David M. Rosen, criticism has been levelled at the US over its support to nations which do recruit children into their armed forces. To comply with the Child Soldiers Protection Act (CSPA) in 2009 the State Department listed six nations that should be subject to sanctions under the act: Burma, Chad, the DRC, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. On 25 October 2009, Barack Obama waived the restrictions on four of the six nations. As justification for this Obama stated that the nations involved were important in that they cooperated with interests essential to US foreign policy. The reason given for the DRC exemption was "a need to continue defense reform services and to influence the negative behaviour patterns of the military into a non-political professional force respectful of human rights." Obama also said that all four of these nations were making advances in the elimination of the use of children. However in the DRC child recruitment may actually be on the increase.
A report by MONUSCO confirmed that all parties to the conflict were recruiting girls as child soldiers, and that these children were frequently raped, or used as sex slaves or bush wives by groups such as the Union of Congolese Patriots (UPC) and Patriotic Forces for the Liberation of Congo (FPLC). In fact, according to a paper published by The International Peace Support Training Centre in Nairobi, Kenya, girls constitute a very large portion of child soldiers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; roughly 40%. A study by Milfrid Tonheim in 2011, which surveyed many former female child soldiers in eastern Congo, also found that many of these girls return home to high levels of stigmatization, often related to the sexual abuse inflicted upon them.
Proceedings of the ICC
Thomas Lubanga Dyilo, who was leader of the UPC, a group which operated in the Ituri region in the Northeast of the DRC, was indicted by the ICC in 2006 on three counts of war crimes, recruitment, conscription, and the use of children under 15 in combat. According to Michael Bochenek, who is the director of Amnesty International's International Law and Policy Program, the "verdict will give pause to those around the world who commit the horrific crime of using and abusing children both on and off the battlefield" Luis Moreno Ocampo has said that the Lubanga was "only the start of cases linked to the years of militia violence in Ituri which has killed thousands and produced more than 600,000 refugees."
Germain Katanga former leader of the Front for Patriotic Resistance of Ituri (FRPI), and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui were indicted on seven counts of war crimes, and three counts of crimes against humanity in 2008, which included the use of children under 15 years of age being used in combat, by the pre trial chamber of the ICC. Katanga was convicted of having taken part in the Bogoro massacre on 24 February 2003. He was cleared of sexual offenses and the use of child soldiers.
References
Bibliography
Congo
Human rights abuses in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Military of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Det Danske Klasselotteri is a state-owned lottery in Denmark.
History
The lottery was launched as the Royal Copenhagen Class Lottery by the Royal Orphanage (Det Kongelige Opfostringshjem) and authorized by Frederick V by royal resolution of 29 June 1753. The first lottery draw took place on 25 February 1754 at Charlottenborg Palace on Kongens Nytorv.
The Royal Orphanage was in 1771 deprived of its royal warrant by Johann Friedrich Struensee. Since 1 February 1771 it has been organized by the Danish government. Eggert Balthazar-Christensen (1885) was appointed as managing director of the lottery in 1936. It was based at Suomisvej 2 in 1950.
In 1921, it was converted into an aktieselskab under the name Danske Klasselotteri A/S.
Today
In 2006, Det Danske Klasselotteri generated total revenues of DKK 650 million.
Two lotteries are arranged each year, one in April and one in October. Each lottery is divided into monthly renewals and draws (classes). 1/1, 1/2, 1/4 and 1/8 lottery tickets are available. The prize fund contains 76 & of revenues.
References
External links
Official website
Lotteries
Government-owned companies of Denmark
1753 establishments in Denmark
Richie Mehta is a Canadian film director and writer. His first feature film, Amal, was released in 2008, and was nominated for Best Motion Picture and Best Director at the 29th Genie Awards.
In 2013, Mehta released two films he wrote and directed - Siddharth (which premiered at the Venice Film Festival, before receiving over 25 International Awards); and I'll Follow You Down, a science fiction film starring Gillian Anderson and Rufus Sewell.
In October 2015, Mehta teamed up with Ridley Scott and Google, as the director of the documentary India in a Day, which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival.
In March 2019, Mehta created, wrote, and directed all episodes of the drama series Delhi Crime, based on the 2012 Delhi gang rape case. The series was released on Netflix to rave reviews.
The series won the International Emmy Award for Best Drama Series (2020); and the Asian Academy Award for Best Drama Series (2019), and Best Direction (Fiction).
Mehta was born in Mississauga, Ontario.
Selected filmography
Amal (2007)
Siddharth (2013)
I'll Follow You Down (2013)
India in a Day (2016)
Delhi Crime (2019)
References
External links
Canadian screenwriters
Canadian people of Indian descent
Film directors from Ontario
Writers from Mississauga
Living people
Canadian writers of Asian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Asian-Canadian filmmakers
Paiser Meul is a smock mill in Peize, Drenthe, the Netherlands. It was built in 1898 and is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 32145.
History
Paiser Meul was originally built in 1845 at Enumatil, Groningen. It was dismantled in 1890. In 1898, the mill was re-erected at Peize by millwright Christiaan Bremer of Adorp, Groningen for F Staal. The mill was built with Patent Sails and the smock and cap were clad in Dakleer. In 1936, Bremer fitted the sails with Dekkerised leading edges. In that year the mill was sold to De Goede Verwachting Coöperatie. The stage was renewed in 1961 and in 1967 the mill was sold to the Gemeente Peize. The mill was restored in 1971-72 by millwright Alserda of Doezum, Groningen. The Patent sails were replaced with Common sails and the smock was thatched. In 1980, new patent sails were fitted by millwright Doornbosch of Adorp, Groningen. They were renewed in 1990, again by Doornbosch.
Description
Paiser Meul is what the Dutch describe as an "achtkante stellingmolen". It is a two-storey smock mill on a four-storey brick base. The stage is at third-floor level, above ground level. The smock is thatched. The mill is winded by a tailpole and winch. The four Patent sails have a span of are carried in a cast-iron windshaft, which was cast by Koning. The windshaft also carries the brake wheel, which has 65 cogs. The brake wheel drives the wallower (42 cogs) at the top of the upright shaft. At the bottom of the upright shaft the great spur wheel, which has 103 cogs, drives the diameter Cullen millstones and diameter French Burr millstones via lantern pinion stone nuts which have 24 staves each.
Public access
Paiser Meul is open on Wednesdays and Saturdays from 13:30 to 17:00 and at other times by appointment.
References
External links
Paiser Meul website
Windmills in Drenthe
Smock mills in the Netherlands
Windmills completed in 1898
Rijksmonuments in Drenthe
Octagonal buildings in the Netherlands
Noordenveld
Cornish Pirates Rugby Club is a Cornish professional rugby union club playing in the second tier of the English rugby union system, the RFU Championship. The club was formed in 1945 when Penzance RFC and Newlyn RFC amalgamated to form Penzance & Newlyn RFC and is based in Penzance, Cornwall. Twenty days after the end of the Second World War, the first match was played against Guy's Hospital on 22 September 1945. The club was renamed Cornish Pirates in 2005 and apart from one season at Kenwyn, Truro and four at the Recreation Ground, Camborne, they play at the Mennaye Field in Penzance.
The list below details the club's achievements from the first league season when they played at level eight in the Cornwall and Devon League through to last season (2011–12), when they equalled their highest league position and were also losing finalists in the play–off for promotion to the Aviva Premiership. The club have won promotion on six occasions and have been successful twice in national competitions and also won Cornish Cup competitions three times.
[1]Semi-final held and won at beginning of following season; the final against Launceston was not played and the Pirates decided to withdraw from Cornwall RFU competitions for seven seasons.
[2]three points deducted for scrum replacement irregularity
[3]New competition, the Cornwall Super Cup
[4]British and Irish Cup from 2009–10 onwards
See also
Cornish Pirates
RFU Championship
References
External links
Cornish Pirates official website
Cornwall-related lists
In enzymology, a thiocyanate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
benzyl isothiocyanate benzyl thiocyanate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, benzyl isothiocyanate, and one product, benzyl thiocyanate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those other isomerases sole sub-subclass for isomerases that do not belong in the other subclasses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is benzyl-thiocyanate isomerase. This enzyme is also called isothiocyanate isomerase.
References
EC 5.99.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
In enzymology, a 4-carboxymethyl-4-methylbutenolide mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
4-carboxymethyl-4-methylbut-2-en-1,4-olide 4-carboxymethyl-3-methylbut-2-en-1,4-olide
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 4-carboxymethyl-4-methylbut-2-en-1,4-olide, and one product, 4-carboxymethyl-3-methylbut-2-en-1,4-olide.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 4-carboxymethyl-4-methylbut-2-en-1,4-olide methylmutase. Other names in common use include 4-methyl-2-enelactone isomerase, 4-methylmuconolactone methylisomerase, and 4-methyl-3-enelactone methyl isomerase.
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of unknown structure
Tommy, the Unsentimental is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Home Monthly in August 1896.
Plot summary
Jay works in Thomas Shirley, Sr's bank until his relationship with Tommy gets strained and he is sent to Red Willow, another town some twenty miles north. Tommy goes to college in the East, then comes back. One day, Tommy receives a telegram asking her to come and help him as there is trouble at the bank he is working. She bikes there with Miss Jessica but leaves her on the way as the other woman is tired and they don't have time to wait. When she gets there, she solves the problem and tells him he should marry Miss Jessica, as she feels for him. He protests, saying he feels for her, not Jessica, but she laughs away the suggestion.
Characters
Tommy, a.k.a. Thomas Shirley. Her real name is Theodosia; she is a girl. She has 'big land interests in Wyoming'.
Jay Ellington Harper, a bank cashier.
Miss Jessica
Joe Elsworth
Joe Sawyer
Thomas Shirley, Sr
Allusions to actual history
Jay compares the bank customers to the Ghost Dance, linked to Wovoka and ultimately to the Wounded Knee Massacre.
References
External links
Full Text at the Willa Cather Archive
1896 short stories
Short stories by Willa Cather
Works originally published in Home Monthly
is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Satoru Noda. The series follows a figure skater who, after moving to Hokkaido following the death of his mother, begins playing ice hockey.
The series was originally serialized in the manga magazine Weekly Young Jump from July 2011 to November 2012. Supinamarada! was a commercial failure during its initial serialization, though acclaim for Noda's subsequent manga series Golden Kamuy led to renewed critical recognition for the series. A relaunch of Supinamarada! was announced in 2022.
Synopsis
Fifteen year old figure skater Shirakawa Rou's mother dies in a car accident the day before his qualifying performance for the Olympic Games, rendering him grief-stricken and unable to compete. Now orphaned, Shirakawa and his twin sister Haruna are forced to relocate from Tokyo to the home of their maternal grandfather in Tomakomai, Hokkaido. After an encounter with the hockey-loving Genma brothers, Shirakawa decides to join the school's ice hockey team. The series follows Shirakawa as he learns to play the sport and competes against the hockey teams of rival schools.
Production
Supinamarada! was creator Satoru Noda's first manga series after nearly a decade as an artist assistant. Noda has stated that the inspiration for Supinamarada! was a desire to create a story that was both about hockey and set in his home of Hokkaido. While sports manga about hockey have been produced in the past, notably My Heavenly Hockey Club and Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club, Noda has remarked that relative to other sports, hockey is not a ubiquitous sport in the medium.
Publication
The series was serialized in the manga magazine Weekly Young Jump from July 14, 2011 to November 1, 2012. A one-shot spin-off chapter was later published in the February 2013 issue of the manga magazine . On April 28, 2022, Weekly Young Jump announced that it would relaunch the series, though a specific publication date was not given.
Volume list
The series has been collected into six tankōbon (bound volumes) published by Shueisha:
Reception
In an interview with Asahi Shimbun, Noda stated that Supinamarada! was a commercial failure during its initial serialization, and was discontinued after 15 months at the recommendation of his editor. Noda has speculated that the series' hard-to-remember title and slow initial chapters may have contributed to its inability to find an audience. The widespread acclaim for Noda's subsequent manga series Golden Kamuy has led to renewed critical recognition for Supinamarada!; the works are linked through the Supinamarada! character Toshimitsu Nihei, whose name and character design are identical to Tetsuzō Nihei of Golden Kamuy.
Notes
References
Sports anime and manga
Shueisha manga
Seinen manga
Muhak station is a railway station in Muhak-tong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened sometime after 1988 along with the rest of the Kŭmgol–Muhak section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
The Evangelical Mennonite Conference is a conference of Canadian evangelical Mennonite Christians headquartered in Steinbach, Manitoba, with 62 churches from British Columbia to southern Ontario. It includes people with a wide range of cultural and denominational backgrounds.
Overview
The churches of the Evangelical Mennonite Conference are located in five west-central Canadian provinces from British Columbia to Ontario. In 2012 there were over 7,200 members in 62 churches, with roughly 150 ministers serving the churches. The congregations are organized into nine regions. Mission work is established in 25 countries, often working in formal mission partnerships with evangelical interdenominational or Anabaptist organizations.
The EMC has five national boards with wide ranging responsibilities. It, however, is ultimately governed by its churches together, whose delegates are to attend conference council meetings twice a year and whose ministerial members are to meet nationally twice a year (including on retreat).
The EMC archives, offices, and its Steinbach Christian High School and Steinbach Bible College are located in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada. The EMC is linked to the graduate-level School of Ministry and Theology connected with Canadian Mennonite University in Winnipeg.
The Messenger, an official publication of the conference, is printed 12 times per year and available on-line. Theodidaktos, Journal for EMC theology and education is published once or twice a year and available on-line. The conference also occasionally publishes a Christian Education Update. In 2006 it published Follow Me, a Sunday School resource on biblical social justice. The conference has also published preaching helps and produced CDs booklets on Peace Sermons (2011, 2008, 2007).
In the 1940s an evangelical revival in the EMC was led by Rev. Ben D. Reimer and others. The defining mark of the EMC in recent years has been its missions emphasis. Currently, more than half of the Conference's national budget goes to missions. Church planting within Canada is a concern that is reflected within the national budget.
There is a growing emphasis on holistic ministry, not simply on multiplying churches, but on churches reflecting more of Jesus' calling Christians to "obey everything that I have commanded you" (Matthew 28:20). This is seen as, in part, a return to the holistic emphasis of Menno Simons, the early Dutch leader, that "true evangelical faith...cannot lie dormant, but manifests itself in all righteousness and works of love" (The Complete Writings of Menno Simons, 307).
The Evangelical Mennonite Conference is a member of the Evangelical Fellowship of Canada, Mennonite Central Committee, the Mennonite World Conference, and other organizations.
History
Klaas Reimer
The Evangelical Mennonite Conference traces its roots back to 1812, when the Kleine Gemeinde was founded in the Molotschna settlement of southern Russia (now Ukraine) by a group of Plautdietsch-speaking "Russian" Mennonites of Dutch-Prussian cultural background. Kleine Gemeinde means "Small" or "Little Church" in High German, while the Plautdietsch version of the name is "Kleen Gemeente".
Klaas Reimer (1770–1837), a Mennonite minister from Danzig, settled in Molotschna, a Mennonite settlement in southern Russia in 1805. Reimer felt Mennonites of the area were too lax in doctrine and piety, and began to hold meetings in homes in 1812. He was joined by another minister, Cornelius Janzen, and eighteen members, who together recognized themselves as a separate church body in 1814.
As for reasons for the 1812 separation, an 1838 pamphlet addresses five disputes with the main Mennonite body. The primary complaint was that Mennonite leaders were straying from their traditional nonresistant stance when they turned lawbreakers over to the government for punishment while at the same time church leaders became more lax in enforcing spiritual discipline. An increased use of alcohol and other vices were cited as evidence.
The second problem was inconsistent application of discipline for minor offenses; while the breakaway group was banned, other types of offenses were ignored. Third, to a disloyalty charge, they reaffirmed their submission to the government while maintaining a stance against any involvement with detaining or punishing offenders. Fourth, they did not approve of attending weddings, which had become worldly in their view. Its final criticism was aimed at sermons and eulogies at funerals, practices that had recently been adopted from Catholics and Lutherans.
Migration to North America
In 1870 the Russian government issued a proclamation stating the intention to end all special privileges granted to Mennonite colonists by 1880. Alarmed at the possibility of losing control of their schools and military exemption, a delegation of Mennonite and Hutterite leaders, including Cornelius Toews and David Claassen of the Kleine Gemeinde, visited North America in 1873 to investigate resettlement possibilities. In 1874–75, the main group proceeded to migrate to North America, the more conservative part settling in Manitoba, Canada, and the more liberal to Jefferson County, near the town of Jansen, Nebraska, US. All together some 200 Kleine Gemeide families emigrated to North America as part of a larger Mennonite migration. About eighty homesteaded in southern Manitoba, especially in the East Reserve, while a smaller group settled in Nebraska.
In 1860 a portion of this group migrated to Crimea under the leadership of Jakob Wiebe. This group adopted baptism by immersion. After migrating in 1874 to Kansas, they became known as the Krimmer Mennonite Brethren. The Jansen group moved to Kansas and eventually seceded from the Kleine Gemeinde. Later, a number of the Kleine Gemeinde went into the movement of Elder John Holdeman (Church of God in Christ, Mennonite).
Migration to Mexico
In 1948 conservative families of the Kleine Gemeinde, all together some 800 people, migrated from Canada to Los Jagueyes Colony (Quellenkolonie) some 100 km north of Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua in Mexico. Resisting the radical changes of Kleine Gemeinde in Canada, the Mexican branch kept its name, tradition and identity and expanded to Belize in 1958 and later to Bolivia. In 2015 the Kleine Gemeinde had some 4,500 members - all of Russian Mennonite ethnic origin - in Latin America, where it is still expanding.
Radical change in North America
In the mid-20th century, the denomination in Canada radically transformed in three major ways, by adopting evangelical theology, by gradually eliminating traditional Mennonite practices (such as plain dress) and by becoming a multi-lingual and multi-ethnic denomination. The first EMC missionary was Susanne Plett, who left as a missionary to Bolivia in 1945, though without official support.Others followed her example. In 1952 the Kleine Gemeinde in North America changed its name to the Evangelical Mennonite Church, and then (because of a U.S. group of prior, same name) to the Evangelical Mennonite Conference in 1959. The much more conservative Kleine Gemeinde in Mexico kept the traditional name and most of the traditions of the Kleine Gemeinde.
From 1946 to 1961 the EMC was influenced by the Western Gospel Mission, an evangelism/church planting initiative in Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and NW Ontario, by supportive members and churches of the EMC.
Edwin Wright, born in Wales, was the first non-Russian Mennonite pastor to serve in the EMC; he served churches at Endeavour, Sask., and Riverton, Man., in the 1960s Now many churches have leaders who are not of Russian Mennonite background. A worship service language shift from German to English among older congregations was largely completed in the 1960s; among younger churches, English was often the original language used.
Education became increasingly valued. The EMC became an official partner in Steinbach Bible College, which celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2012. Today many EMC members have college, university, or seminary degrees.
In recent decades, some Mennonites of more conservative backgrounds have moved back to Canada from Mexico and Paraguay and joined congregations (sometimes with the High German language being used in services). Latin Americans have also joined other congregations or started new churches (with Spanish and sometimes English being used).
Present
The EMC's members, adherents, and leaders are diverse in their church and cultural backgrounds. Since the 1940s the EMC has moved consciously beyond its historic Dutch-Prussian cultural roots and has expanded into other cultural groups. Recently it has developed Hispanic congregations. In Canada, worship services are conducted in three languages, with English being most commonly used.
The denomination celebrated its 200th anniversary in 2012. It stressed the spiritual history of the denomination. The denomination is engaged in a strategic planning process. In December 2012 its conference council delegates approved a grass-roots process to look at its Statement of Faith.
Doctrine
Beliefs and practices of the Evangelical Mennonite Conference are presented in its "Statement of Faith" and "Church Practices," most recently revised in 1994. They reveal evangelical Christian teachings such as the Trinity, humanity's need, salvation through the substitutionary atonement of Jesus Christ, and the expected return of Christ. Underlying these beliefs are the final authority and infallibility of Scripture. The EMC is Arminian in theology: holding to total depravity, conditional election, unlimited atonement, resistible grace, and conditional security. Some members differ individually, more on the final point.
Anabaptist distinctives such as baptism upon confession of faith, non-conformity, mutual accountability, church discipline, congregational governance, non-swearing of oaths, and non-resistance are maintained.
Belief in Jesus and discipleship in lifestyle are not to be separated. Individual discipleship is to be shown through togetherness with other believers and service to wider society.
The Life of Peace (Statement of Faith, Article 9) includes, "Instead of taking up arms, we should do whatever we can to lessen human distress and suffering, even at the risk of our own lives." In The State (Church Practices, Article 9) it says, "Christians should respect civil authorities and pray for them; pay taxes; assume social responsibility; oppose corruption, discrimination, and injustice; and obey all their requirements that do not conflict with the Scriptures."
The EMC officially takes a complementarian stance and does not ordain women into the ministry. Some women, however, do serve in associate or senior pastoral roles. Women can serve on national boards and committees and as church delegates. Many women are active in missionary work. Discussions continue, unofficially, on the matter of women and church leadership.
Three ordinances are held — believers' baptism, the Lord's supper, and footwashing, though the last is not widely practiced. Baptism is by pouring or immersion.
Discussions on various theological and social issues are on-going. The EMC reflects a "community hermeneutic," the conviction and practice that the Scriptures are best interpreted by a gathered community, not simply as individuals nor as a clergy class handing down its decisions to so-called lay members.
Members and congregations
As of 1998 the Evangelical Mennonite Conference had some 6,508 members in 53 congregations in Canada. In 2011, it had 62 churches and approximately 7,200 members of different ethnic backgrounds, including larger numbers of Hispanics and Africans.
Notes
References
Dyck, Cornelius J., Martin, Dennis D., et al., editors, Mennonite Encyclopedia
Plett, Delbert, Saints and Sinners
Yearbook of American & Canadian Churches (2001), National Council of Churches
External links
Official Website
Evangelical Mennonite Conference (Kleine Gemeinde) at Global Anabaptist Mennonite Encyclopedia Online
Adherents.com
Mennonite denominations
Mennonitism in Canada
Evangelical denominations in North America
Steinbach, Manitoba
Russian Mennonite diaspora in Canada
The Battle of Otumba was fought between the Aztec and allied forces led by the Cihuacoatl Matlatzincátzin and those of Hernán Cortés made up of the Spanish conquerors and Tlaxcalan allies, which took place on July 7, 1520, in Temalcatitlán, a plain near Otumba during the development of the Conquest of the Aztec Empire. The result of the battle was a victory for the Spanish, which allowed Cortés to reorganize his army, having suffered casualties a few days before in the episode known as La Noche Triste. A year later, by reinforcing his army with new men and supplies, and creating alliances with the indigenous peoples who had been subjugated by the Aztec, Cortés managed to besiege and conquer Tenochtitlan.
Background
Around the end of March 1519, Hernán Cortés landed with a Spanish conquistador force at Potonchán on the coast of modern-day Mexico. Cortés had been commissioned by Governor Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar of Spanish-controlled Cuba to lead an expedition in the area, which was dominated by the Aztec Empire. At the last moment, though, Velázquez revoked Cortés's commission, but he decided to launch his expedition regardless.
Through a combination of raw force and political maneuvering, Cortés was able to secure the allegiance of the Totonacs and the Tlaxcaltec (subjugated enemies of the Aztec empire) among other groups during his advance on the Empire's main settlement, Tenochtitlan. In November, a Spanish force entered the city and was greeted by its ruler, Moctezuma II.
Initially, the conquistadors were treated well by the Aztecs whilst they stayed in the city, until Velázquez, angered at Cortés' disobedience, sent an armed force at the command of Pánfilo Narváez against Cortés to bring him to justice and claim the lands and riches he had conquered. Cortés was forced to leave a small garrison of men in Tenochtitlan at the command of one of his lieutenants, Pedro de Alvarado, whilst he took his small force to meet Narváez in battle. After securing a quick and brilliant victory, Cortés joined Narvaez' forces to his own, and marched back to Tenochtitlán, as he had heard word that the city was up in arms against the remaining Spaniards. Upon arriving, Alvarado told Cortés' he had been convinced that the Aztecs planned to attack the Spaniards and thus struck preemptively during an Aztec ritual ceremony, which caused an outrage in Tenochtitlán. The Aztecs named a new emperor to replace Moctezuma, whom they regarded now as weak and easily influenced by the Spaniards. Cortés attempted to negotiate a peace, and as a last resort, urged Moctezuma to speak with his people to achieve a truce, but the angry Aztecs struck down Moctezuma in a hail of rocks. This was the state of affairs by the end of June 1520. Desperate to escape the city, and further convinced by an omen one of the Spaniards claimed to have received, the Spaniards resolved to leave the city that night in an event called La Noche Triste (The Night of Sorrows). During this attempt at salvation, however, Cortés' forces and entourage (consisting of civilian women and men of both Spanish and Indian extraction) were severely cut down. Of the Spanish force of approximately 1300, only less than 500 men at arms escaped with their lives, along with a few hundred Tlaxcalans and civilians. Cortés then started a retreat to Tlaxcala, during which his force was harassed by Aztec skirmishers, and the Aztec leadership resolved to eliminate them as they withdrew.
Battle
After being beleaguered on the causeway leading out of the city, the surviving Spanish forces arrived at the plain of Otumba, where they encountered a vast Aztec army. Despite their opponents' exhaustion and hunger, the Aztecs failed to capitalize on their numerical superiority by not attacking right away.
According to conquistador Bernal Diaz del Castillo's account of the events, it was the Castilian cavalry that was decisive for victory in the perilous battle. The Aztecs regarded the Spaniards as already defeated, and were looking to gain glory from capturing live Spaniards to sacrifice to their gods. The Castilian cavalry spearheaded the attack, breaking through the ranks and decimating the Aztec lines, preparing them for the assault of the Castilian rodeleros and Tlaxcalan infantry. Though this approach was successful, the sheer numbers of the Aztecs still managed to overwhelm the Castilians.
The Aztecs, meanwhile, had not encountered Castilians in battle, despite their long exposure to them during the Spaniards' time in Tenochtitlan. They were unfamiliar with the use of troops mounted on horses as shock troops and were taken aback when mounted Spanish soldiers continually charged at them. For all of their numbers, they were unprepared to endure cavalry charges.
Spanish success was also thanks to Cortés' strategy; he had instructed his troops to strike primarily at the captains and leaders of their opponent. Cortés himself recognized the Aztec leader Matlatzincatl for his rich armor, headdress, and flag. He correctly assumed that defeating their leader and capturing their flag would result in the defeat of the Aztecs. He communicated his idea to his captains and led a charge for Matlatzincatl, followed by Gonzalo de Sandoval, Pedro de Alvarado, Cristóbal de Olid, Juan de Salamanca, and Alonso Dávila. Cortés attacked the Aztec leader with his lance, and the rest of his captains broke the ranks of the warriors around him. Matlatzincatl was slain by Juan de Salamanca, who retrieved the Aztec battle-standard and delivered it to Cortés. With their leader slain, the Aztec force diminished gradually, and the Tlaxcalan and Castilian warriors routed them.
Aftermath
With this victory, the Spanish conquistadors were able to reach the safe haven of Tlaxcala, regroup, and gather their strength for an eventual counter-attack deep into the Aztec territory, which would result in the Fall of Tenochtitlan and the foundation of New Spain.
See also
Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire
Cristobal de Olid
Gonzalo de Sandoval
Dona Marina
Footnotes
Sources
Otumba
Battles involving the Aztec Empire
Battles involving Spain
Battles involving Tlaxcala
Conflicts in 1520
Spanish conquests in the Americas
History of the Aztecs
1520 in Mexico
1520 in North America
Andrea N. Parker is an American film and television actress. She is known for her roles on ER, The Pretender, Less than Perfect, Desperate Housewives, and Pretty Little Liars.
Career
Her first documented film role was at age 19 in the movie Rented Lips in which she played a dancer/nurse. Parker appeared in Married... with Children as a Go-Go Dancer in 2 episodes – "Prom Queen: The Sequel" (1989) and "Prom Queen: Part 1" (1989).
After The Pretender was cancelled by NBC in 2000, Parker did another guest spot on JAG before signing on to reprise her role as Miss Parker in the telemovies for The Pretender, which aired on TNT in 2001. She then returned to series television in 2002 and starred in the ABC comedy Less than Perfect, playing Lydia Weston until it was cancelled in 2006. From 2011 to 2012, Parker had recurring role of Jane Carlson in the ABC series Desperate Housewives. She later starred in NBC drama pilot Beautiful People, and joined the cast of ABC Family series Pretty Little Liars.
Personal life
Parker supports various charities such as the National Hospice Palliative Care Organization, Glenn Siegel's My Good Friend charity organization, The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's research and Project Angel Food. In February 2006, Parker attended a benefit with former Pretender co-stars Michael T. Weiss and James Denton for Cure Autism Now.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Niedringhaus is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anja Niedringhaus (1965–2014), German photojournalist
Frederick G. Niedringhaus (1837–1922), American businessman and politician
Henry F. Niedringhaus (1864–1941), American politician
John Martin Poyer (1861 – May 12, 1922) was the twelfth Naval Governor of American Samoa, from March 1, 1915 to June 10, 1919. He held the longest term of any American governor appointed over the territory by the United States Government. A Naval Academy graduate, Poyer served in numerous positions and retired in 1906 on account of failing health; however, the navy recalled him to service in 1915 to serve as governor. During the 1918 flu pandemic, Poyer quarantined the territory to stop the spread of the pandemic to American Samoa. Because of his actions, no deaths occurred in American Samoa, and he received the Navy Cross. Upon his final retirement, Poyer had reached the rank of commander.
Life and career
Early life
Poyer was born in Indiana in 1861. He was appointed to the United States Naval Academy from Wisconsin in October 1879.
Naval career
Poyer became an ensign in February 1884, a lieutenant (junior grade) in December 1894. He was stationed to the Washington Navy Yard from 1892 to 1894, the USS Montgomery from August 1894 to 1897, the Naval War College in June 1897, back to the Washington shipyard from 1897 to 1898, and the USS Saint Paul. He became a lieutenant in May 1898. Poyer retired from active duty on June 30, 1906 on account of ill-health as a lieutenant commander, but was brought back to active duty to become Governor of American Samoa.
Governorship
On March 1, 1915, Poyer relieved Lieutenant Charles Armijo Woodruff and became the twelfth Governor of American Samoa, the eleventh man to hold the office. He is one of only three men to hold the office of naval governor after having already retired from the navy. As governor, Poyer ended prohibition of alcohol in the territory. During the 1918 flu pandemic, Poyer quarantined American Samoa after hearing news reports of worldwide deaths on the radio. This action caused American Samoa to be one of the few places in the world to not suffer any flu deaths. Angered by the quarantine of ships, Lieutenant Colonel Robert Logan of the New Zealand Army, administrator of Western Samoa, cut off communications with American Samoa. For his leadership in preventing the spread of Spanish influenza, Poyer received the Navy Cross.
Poyer transferred command of American Samoa to Warren Jay Terhune on June 10, 1919, ending his governorship. His term is the longest of any naval governor of American Samoa. After his retirement, Poyer lived in Washington, D.C. until his death. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
1861 births
1922 deaths
Governors of American Samoa
United States Naval Academy alumni
Spanish flu
United States Navy officers
Prohibition in the United States
Military personnel from Indiana
People from Washington, D.C.
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Erigeron religiosus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Clear Creek fleabane . It is native to the southwestern United States, in southern Utah and northern Arizona.
Erigeron religiosus grows in forested areas. It is an annual or perennial herb producing up to 40 centimeters (16 inches) long from a woody, branched underground caudex. The branching inflorescence can sometimes contain as many as 50 flower heads. Each head contains 37–85 white or lilac ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
religiosus
Flora of Utah
Flora of Arizona
Plants described in 1947
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Agus River is a river that flows for from Lanao Lake to Iligan Bay, Philippines. It cuts through the provinces of Lanao del Sur and Lanao del Norte. Settlements along the banks of the river include the City of Marawi, the Municipality of Linamon and the City of Iligan. It separates into two channels as it drains to Iligan Bay; one going over the Maria Cristina Falls while the other supplies the Tinago Falls. The river descends for about from its source as it flows for before draining to the sea. The river is relatively shallow as it is only deep in some areas. The Agus River's watershed spans about 11,320.00 hectares. In 1992, the National Power Corporation financed the reforestation of the Lake Lanao-Agus River watershed, planting over 1500 hectares of Acacia mangium, Durio zibethinus and other indigenous trees. It has a discharge of about and flows from a narrow depression off the northwestern rim of the lake and flows over a basalt rock formation. The canyon carved by the river suggests a short erosional period.
Importance to humans
The lake and the river are used for both commercial and sport fishing, as well as for recreational activities such as boating and swimming. The river in its entirety, however, is not navigable because the current in some areas reaches a velocity of up to thirty miles an hour. The NAPOCOR's hydroelectric project on the Agus River generates 70% of the electricity used in Mindanao due to the hydroelectric plants in the river and Maria Cristina Falls. However, the hydroelectric plants and the requisite regulatory dams have changed the fluctuations of the water level of Lake Lanao, affecting the indigenous people, producing conflicts with the local population.
In Maranao mythology, Lake Lanao once threatened to drown the people of Sebangan with its ever-rising waters. The Archangel Gabriel is thought to have made the Agus river in order to drain the lake.
References
Rivers of the Philippines
Landforms of Lanao del Norte
Landforms of Lanao del Sur
Commander Richard Frank Jolly EGM (28 August 1896 – 16 October 1939) was a British naval officer and recipient of the Empire Gallantry Medal.
Biography
Richard Jolly was born in Wandsworth, London, on 28 August 1896. He was educated at Bedford School, and joined the Royal Navy in September 1914. During the First World War, he served for two years as a midshipman on a battle cruiser before being promoted to lieutenant and transferred to a destroyer. In 1932, he was promoted to the rank of commander.
On 16 October 1939, soon after the outbreak of the Second World War, HMS Mohawk, commanded by Richard Jolly, was patrolling the Firth of Forth, near Edinburgh, when she was attacked by an enemy aircraft, suffering many casualties as a result. Commander Jolly, who was on the bridge, was wounded in the stomach, but refused to leave his post or to receive medical attention, with the words, "Leave me, go and look after the others." He continued to direct the Mohawk for the 35 mile passage, which took eighty minutes, and, although he was too weak for his orders to be heard, they were repeated by his navigating officer, who was also wounded. Five hours after he brought the ship into port, he died, aged 43, and was awarded the Empire Gallantry Medal posthumously. On 24 September 1940, this was exchanged by his family for the George Cross, upon the inauguration of the new medal.
References
External links
CWGC: Richard Frank Jolly
1896 births
1939 deaths
People educated at Bedford School
Recipients of the Empire Gallantry Medal
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Royal Navy personnel killed in World War II
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
People from Wandsworth
Military personnel from London
Randy Jones (born September 13, 1952) is an American disco and pop singer and best known as the cowboy from Village People from 1977 to 1980, and again from 1987 until 1990.
Early life
Jones attended William G. Enloe High School in Raleigh, North Carolina and graduated in 1970. While there, he was a founder of Enloe's Drama Club, which was then called Amicus Scaena, Latin for "friend of scene" or "friend of theatre". He then studied at North Carolina School of the Arts before moving to New York.
Personal life and career
Jones had a marriage ceremony with his boyfriend of 20 years, Will Grega, at a New York City club on May 7, 2004. Although the marriage was not legally binding at the time, as gay marriage was not yet recognized in New York State, Jones commented, "It's only a matter of time before the courts rule in favor of what's morally right and humanly decent." The pair had published a book together in 1996, titled Out Sounds: The Gay and Lesbian Music Alternative.
In 2007, he released a disco and pop solo album Ticket to the World. In 2009, he appeared on Flight of the Conchords in their music video for "Too Many Dicks".
Jones appears as himself in the 2011 video game Postal III.
In 2014, Jones appears as Tiberius in the Off-Broadway musical, The Anthem. The production was directed and choreographed by Rachel Klein, with a book by Gary Morgenstein, lyrics by Erik Ransom, and music by Jonnie Rockwell. The production performed at the Lynn Redgrave Theatre in New York City.
In 2017, he released "Hard Times", the first single from the album, Still Makin' Noise. The single reached number 42 on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, and was the first chart placement from any member of the Village People as a solo artist.
References
Other sources
Menconi, David (August 7, 2005). "The cowboy way". Raleigh News and Observer, p. G1.
External links
Official website
The Gentleman
1952 births
Living people
American disco musicians
American male pop singers
American gay musicians
LGBT people from North Carolina
LGBT singers from the United States
Musicians from Raleigh, North Carolina
University of North Carolina School of the Arts alumni
Village People members
William G. Enloe High School alumni
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
San Juan Nepomuceno is the Spanish name for Saint John of Nepomuk
San Juan Nepomuceno (1765), a 74-gun Spanish ship of the line that took part in the Battle of Trafalgar, under the command of Brigadier Don Cosme Damian Churruca
San Juan Nepomuceno, Bolívar, a municipality in Bolívar department of Colombia
San Juan Nepomuceno, Mexico, a mining area in San Joaquín Municipality, Querétaro
San Juan Nepomuceno, Paraguay
Gachechiladze () is a Georgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Givi Gachechiladze (born 1938), Georgian composer and conductor
Levan Gachechiladze (born 1964), Georgian politician and businessman
Mikheil Gachechiladze (born 1990), Georgian rugby union player
Shalva Gachechiladze (born 1987), Georgian show jumping champion
Tamara Gachechiladze (born 1983), Georgian singer, songwriter, and actress
Surnames of Georgian origin
Georgian-language surnames
Lu Yen-hsun was the three-time defending champion, but lost to Germain Gigounon in the first round.
Dušan Lajović won the title when Julian Reister withdrew with an illness.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Samsung Securities Cup - Men's Singles
2013 Men's Singles
The Lok Sabha (meaning "House of the People") is the lower house of the Parliament of India. Uttarakhand state elects five members and they are directly elected by the state electorates of Uttarakhand. Members are elected for five years with first-past-the-post voting. The number of seats, allocated to the state/union territory are determined by the population of the state/union territory.
Current members
Keys:
Source: Parliament of India (Lok Sabha)
List of all Lok Sabha members from Uttarakhand
This is the list of all Lok Sabha members from Uttarakhand in chronological order.
Keys:
Source: Parliament of India (Rajya Sabha)
See also
List of Rajya Sabha members from Uttarakhand
List of parliamentary constituencies in Uttarakhand
References
Uttarakhand-related lists
Uttarakhand
Lists of people from Uttarakhand
The Intellectual Property Attache Act (IPAA) was unveiled by U.S. Representative Lamar S. Smith on July 9, 2012. This act was a section of the previously unsuccessful Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) which did not pass its markup by the House Judiciary Committee.
The bill's aim was to increase the presence of intellectual property attaches around the world. These attaches would play the role of intellectual property "diplomats" for the United States, encouraging other countries to enforce copyright laws. The attachments, currently linked to the US Patent and Trademark Office, would be set up in the Commerce Department.
References
United States intellectual property law
The Washington State Treasurer is an elected official in the US state of Washington whose office is established by the Washington State Constitution. Mike Pellicciotti is the current Washington State Treasurer, a Democrat who began his term in January 2021. He is charged with a variety of responsibilities related to the fiscal management of state government.
Powers and duties
In Washington, the State Treasurer is the state's chief banker, financier, and investor. The State Treasurer is responsible for managing the state's cash assets and local government investments which, as of 2020, totaled $350 billion. The State Treasurer is also responsible for issuing and servicing the state's $21.4 billion outstanding debt and other financial obligations. As one of 15 members on the Washington State Investment Board, the State Treasurer also directs and supervises the investment of public pension and retirement funds. The State Treasurer is third (behind the Lieutenant Governor and Secretary of State, respectively) in the line of succession to the office of Governor of Washington.
Most of the Treasurer's specific responsibilities are set-forth in the Revised Code of Washington. Though the office was established by the Washington constitution, that document only provides that "the treasurer shall perform such duties as shall be prescribed by law," a provision similar to the earlier enacted constitution of the neighboring state of Oregon. The constitution originally directed that the Treasurer would be paid a salary of $2,000, though constitutional limits on officeholder salaries have since been repealed by amendment and are now set by statute.
Election and office
The Treasurer is elected every four years on a partisan ballot; any registered voter in the state of Washington is eligible to stand for election. The Washington State Constitution requires that, upon assuming office, the Treasurer establish residence in the state's capital city of Olympia. State law further requires he posts a surety bond of $500,000, approved by both the Washington Secretary of State and the Chief Justice of the Washington Supreme Court.
The Treasurer's office is located in the Washington State Capitol.
List of Washington Treasurers
The State of Washington has had a total of 22 Treasurers, 2 of whom (Otto A. Case and Tom Martin) served non-consecutive terms. Otto A. Case also served as Commissioner of Public Lands from 1945 to 1949 and 1953–1957.
See also
State treasurer
State constitutional officer (United States)
References
Grace Gore Sturdivant, AuD is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was named Miss Tennessee 2007 and Miss Mississippi Teen USA 2002.
Biography
She is a doctor of audiology and the founder and president of Graceful Sounds, Inc., a nonprofit organization that provides audiology services and hearing aids to children in need. She has been an assistant professor of audiologist at The University of Mississippi Medical Center.
References
American beauty pageant winners
Miss America 2008 delegates
Miss Tennessee winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Statistics of Guam League in the 2003 season.
Overview
Guam Shipyard won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Mikaelyan, Mikayelyan or Mikaelian (Armenian: Միքայելյան) is an Armenian surname meaning "son of Mikael" (Michael). It may refer to:
Aleksander Mikaelyan (born 1990), Armenian wrestler
Arman Mikaelyan (born 1996), Armenian chess grandmaster
Artur Mikaelyan (born 1970), Armenian and Greek amateur boxer
Christapor Mikaelian (1859–1905), Armenian revolutionary
Edvard Mikaelian (born 1950), Armenian artistic gymnast
Hovhannes Ter-Mikaelyan, Armenian politician
Karapet Mikaelyan (born 1969), Armenian football striker
Karen Mikaelyan (born 1932), Armenian and Russian statesman, diplomat and publicist
Marie-Gaïané Mikaelian (born 1984), Swiss tennis player
Mikael Ter-Mikaelian, Armenian physicist
Mikael Ter-Mikaelian Institute for Physical Research in Armenia
Sergey Mikaelyan (1923–2016), Soviet film director
Sergey Mikayelyan (born 1992), Armenian cross-country skier
Jeff Mikaelian (born 1958), Judo Instructor.
Armenian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Jørgen Jensen (6 January 1947 – 4 March 2015) was a Danish cyclist. He competed in the men's tandem at the 1968 Summer Olympics. For several years he was the chairman of Odense Ishockey Klub. He died in 2015.
References
1947 births
2015 deaths
Danish male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Denmark
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Odense
The Haardt () is a range of wooded, sandstone hills in the state of Rhineland Palatinate in southwestern Germany. The range is some long and lies within the Palatinate Forest (Pfälzerwald). Its highest point is the Kalmit, near Maikammer, which stands above sea level.
References
Hill ranges of Germany
Geography of the Palatinate (region)
Natural regions of the Palatinate Forest
Landscapes of Rhineland-Palatinate
Landforms of Rhineland-Palatinate
The DARPA TIPSTER Text program was started in 1991 by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). It is a 9-year multi-million dollar initiative, which sought to improve HLT for the handling of multilingual corpora that are utilized within the intelligence process. It involved a cluster of joint projects by the government, academia, and private sector.
The program supported research to improve informational retrieval and extraction software and worked to deploy these improved technologies to government users. This technology, which was of particular interest to defense and intelligence analysts who must review increasingly large amounts of text. The program had several phases. The first entailed the development of algorithms for information retrieval and extraction while the second phase developed an architecture.
The program was considered successful so that it was commercialized under the National Institute of Standards and Technology. An evaluation noted that the third phase of the TIPSTER program, which involved the development of the architecture called GATE (General Architecture for Text Engineering) did not achieve its intended goals due to its short life span as well as the inability of the government to enforce standards imposed by the TIPSTER software architecture.
See also
Message Understanding Conference
Text Retrieval Conference
References
External links
MTO Homepage
DARPA
Saxton Daryl Crawford Sr. (October 6, 1881 – February 11, 1964) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Tennessee for one season in 1904, compiling a record 3–5–1. Crawford was the first Tennessee head coach to record a win against the rival Alabama Crimson Tide. Crawford died on February 11, 1964, at a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1881 births
1964 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Sportspeople from Knoxville, Tennessee
Players of American football from Knoxville, Tennessee
Banitsa ( - Karié, Bulgarian/Macedonian: Баница, Banitsa or Banica, Ottoman Turkish: بانيچه Turkish Baniçe) is a deserted former village in Serres regional unit, northern Greece. Its ruins are situated some 15 km north-east of the town of Serres, near the present-day village of Oreini, on the southern slopes of the Vrontous mountains. During the Ottoman period it had a Bulgarian population. The village was destroyed by the Greek Army during the Second Balkan War, and the population migrated to Bulgaria. Its inhabitants settled in Mehomiya, Bachevo, Nevrokop, Sveti Vrach, and Novo Delchevo.
Banitsa was the site of the death of the Macedonian Bulgarian revolutionary Gotse Delchev, who was killed in a skirmish with Ottoman police forces on 4 May 1903.
References
Balkan Wars
Macedonia under the Ottoman Empire
Serres (regional unit)
Ruins in Greece
Destroyed towns
Former populated places in Greece
State Route 703 (SR 703) is the designation of the Maine Turnpike Authority Approach Road, a road located in South Portland, Maine. It connects U.S. Route 1 (US 1) and State Route 9 to the Maine Turnpike (Interstate 95, I-95), as well as I-295 and The Maine Mall. Except at its endpoints, it is a four-lane freeway with a speed limit.
The SR 703 designation is only indicated on mileposts, which increase from east to west as opposed to the standard practice of increasing from west to east. All other signage refers to the routes to which it connects (I-95, I-295, US 1 and SR 114).
Route description
SR 703 begins at an at-grade intersection with Main Street (US 1/SR 9) just north of the Scarborough town line. Heading westbound, the highway meets the northbound Scarborough Connector, which connects to I-295 north. After crossing under I-295, a second exit connects directly to The Maine Mall. Traffic then passes through a barrier toll as the highway terminates at a trumpet interchange with the Maine Turnpike.
There are four exits heading eastbound: the first serves The Maine Mall, the second connects directly to I-295 north, the third connects to Broadway in South Portland, and the fourth connects with the southbound Scarborough Connector, which carries traffic towards US 1/SR 9 in downtown Scarborough.
History
The Maine Turnpike Approach Road has existed in some form since the Maine Turnpike first opened to traffic in 1947. Various improvements and upgrades, including the construction of the southern section of I-295 in 1971, have resulted in the modern freeway that exists today. The SR 703 number was first introduced in official correspondence in 2004 and was later made an official (albeit unsigned) designation.
Extension
The Maine Turnpike Authority has proposed constructing a toll road, called the Gorham Connector, to connect SR 703 to SR 114 where it intersects with the Gorham Bypass road, for the purpose of relieving chronic traffic congestion on SR 22 and SR 114. The six mile road would have an interchange at Route 22 and at Running Hill Road in Scarborough, with an estimated toll of $1.50. It is estimated to cost as much as $237 million. The Maine Legislature has limited the bond capacity of the MTA for constructing such a road to $150 million, but other Turnpike revenues can go towards such a project.
Exit list
Exits are listed in order from east to west as mileposts increase in that direction.
References
External links
Transportation in Cumberland County, Maine
Freeways in the United States
703
South Portland, Maine
Jonathan Lloyd (born 10 May 1956 in West Cheshire) is the Chief Executive of UK Coal.
Early life
His father was headmaster at the Cheshire primary school he attended. He attended Chester City Grammar School (since 1971 called the Queens Park High School). He went to Liverpool Polytechnic and studied Estate Management.
Career
He became Property Director of UK Coal in May 2006.
Since 1 September 2007 he has been the Chief Executive of UK Coal, under the chairmanship of David Jones. He took over from Gerry Spindler.
Personal life
He lives in Marton, Harrogate, in the parish of Marton cum Grafton, and has a son. He is also stepfather to a son and daughter from his wife's first marriage.
External links
UK Coal
News items
Telegraph May 2009
Telegraph April 2008
People from Chester
English chief executives
1956 births
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
People educated at Chester City Grammar School
Living people
Xanthisma coloradoense (syn. Aster coloradoensis, Machaeranthera coloradoensis) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Colorado tansyaster. It is native to Colorado and Wyoming in the United States.
This cushion plant is a perennial herb growing from a taproot and branching caudex. It grows up to 14 centimeters tall, with several to many thick, hairy stems. The hairy leaves are lance-shaped to spatula-shaped and the edges are lined with large, sharp teeth tipped with bristles. The inflorescence is a solitary flower head with narrow, white-tipped phyllaries. It contains pink or purple ray florets up to 1.5 centimeters long and many disc florets. The fruit may be nearly a centimeter long including its pappus.
There were previously two varieties of this species, but these subtaxa are no longer recognized.
This plant may hybridize with Xanthisma grindelioides.
This plant grows in mountains, often in an alpine climate. Habitat types include grassland, pinyon-juniper woodland, and alpine fellfield. It grows in open areas. There is often little vegetative cover and the terrain is rocky. Associated species in the habitat may include pines Pinus spp., shrubs such as Cercocarpus montanus and Chrysothamnus spp., other plants such as Astragalus spp., Erigeron spp., Potentilla spp., Festuca spp., and Elymus spp., and lichens such as members of genus Xanthoparmelia. It can be found growing with some rare species, including Astragalus molybdenus.
Threats to this species are not well known because the plant has not been studied enough yet. Potential threats include recreational activity such as off-road vehicle use, invasive species, grazing and trampling by livestock, and energy development, particularly wind power.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
Astereae
Flora of Colorado
Flora of Wyoming
Barre Center is a hamlet in the town of Barre in Orleans County, New York, United States.
The Skinner-Tinkham House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Orleans County, New York
Eurombah is a rural locality split between the Shire of Banana and the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Eurombah had a population of 67 people.
Geography
The Dawson River forms part of the northern boundary.
The neighbourhoods of Peek-A-Doo and Hornet Bank are within the locality.
History
The Hornet Bank massacre in 1857 happened nearby.
The Peek-A-Doo State School opened on 3 February 1964 at 10118 Roma Taroom Road (). It was mothballed on 13 April 2010 (having no students). In June 2010, there was outrage when it was announced that the then-mothballed school would be allocated $250,000 by the Australian Government's Building the Education Revolution school building program to construct a resource centre. However, it was not constructed as the school closed on 31 December 2010. The school's website was archived.
In the , Eurombah had a population of 67 people.
Heritage listings
Eurombah has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Fraser family grave site and memorial, Hornet Bank: Hornet Bank Road ():
Education
There are no schools in Eurombah. The nearest primary schools are Taroom State School in Taroom and Gromont State School in Grosmont. The nearest secondary schools are Taroom State School and Wandoan State School in Wandoan, but both of these schools provide education only to Year 10. For schooling to Year 12, the nearest option is Roma State College in Roma, away. Other alternatives are distance education and boarding schools.
References
Western Downs Region
Shire of Banana
Localities in Queensland
CyberSplash Entertainment is a production company, formed after the merger of Cyber Group Studios and Splash Entertainment.
References
Animation studios
Mass media companies established in 2022
The German Customs Investigation Bureau in Cologne () and its investigation offices are federal agencies that fall under the German Finance Ministry. The ZKA coordinates customs investigations nationwide in particular monitoring foreign trade, uncovering violations of EU market regulations, illegal technology exports, subsidy fraud in the agricultural sector, drug trafficking and money laundering.
In reaction to increasing violence, its was formed in 1997 as the customs police tactical unit for use when regular officers would be in too much danger.
The Customs Investigation Offices () are directly integrated into the ZKA. There are currently eight ZFAs (in Berlin, Dresden, Essen, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, Hanover, Munich and Stuttgart) with 24 branches. They are subdivided into functional areas and investigate embargo contraventions, violations of market regulations, tax evasion and trademark violations. In addition, they have formed many joint task forces with the German Federal Police and State police forces to combat drug smuggling and international money laundering.
Custom services
Bundeszollverwaltung
The Kettle Falls Historic District encompasses a remote pocket of early-20th-century industrial and commercial activity deep in the Boundary Waters, in what is now Voyageurs National Park in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Kettle Falls is the outlet from Namakan Lake into Rainy Lake on the Canada–United States border. The portage between the two lakes served as a key gathering point from the time of the voyageurs to the miners, commercial fishermen, and lumbermen at the turn of the 20th century, and tourists beginning in the 1930s. The Kettle Falls Dam was built at the site between 1910 and 1914, and two log buildings associated with its construction remain standing. The fourth contributing property to the historic district is the Kettle Falls Hotel, built in 1913.
In 1978 the Kettle Falls Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its local significance in the themes of commerce, engineering, industry, and transportation. It was nominated for its history as an isolated nexus of industry and tourism in the Boundary Waters wilderness.
History
The portage, initially known as the portage de Chaudière or the portage neuf, was frequented by the fur trading voyageurs, following an established trail that later became the path of the Canada–U.S. border. An 1890s gold rush brought miners through the area. Illegal liquor was smuggled over the border from Canada starting about 1910. The Kettle Falls area was later used by fishermen and lumbermen, with commercial fish camps operating 1913–1920. In the 1930s lumbering operations were the chief activity.
The dam is about high, with four sluiceways, divided into a section called the American Dam and another on the Canadian channel called the International Dam. It featured fish ladders, though they are no longer operational.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis County, Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Voyageurs National Park
References
Buildings and structures in St. Louis County, Minnesota
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis County, Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Voyageurs National Park
During 1965–66 Football Club Internazionale competed in Serie A, Coppa Italia and European Cup.
Summary
After won the European Cup last season, the club made just few transfers in to the team such as young players Cordova and Facco, also Cappellini back to the squad. Manager Herrera confirm La Grande Inter, with a substantial change: defender Facchetti moved to the left back and made numerous contributions in attacking., notably his capacity to finish and scoring goals. Facchetti held the record for most goals in a single Serie A season by a defender, with 10 goals scored during this season, until it was broken by Perugia' Marco Materazzi during the 2000–01 season.
The team also won the 1965 Intercontinental Cup against Independiente de Avellaneda. The first leg was held on 8 September at San Siro, Inter won the match 3–0, with goals from Joaquín Peiró and Sandro Mazzola. La Doble Visera hosted the return leg 7 days later on 15 September 1965, and ended in a goalless draw. Internazionale thus won the Intercontinental Cup for the second year in a row.
The team being titleholders in European Cup advanced to the semi-finals, where lost to Real Madrid with a 1–3 score after two legs.
Squad
Transfers
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results by round
Matches
European Cup
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Intercontinental Cup
First leg
Second leg
Coppa Italia
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Statistics
Squad statistics
Player statistics
References
See also
Grande Inter
1965-1966
Italian football championship-winning seasons
Internazionale
William Clavering-Cowper, 2nd Earl Cowper (13 August 1709 – 18 September 1764), styled Viscount Fordwich between 1718 and 1723, was a British peer and courtier.
Born William Cowper, he was the eldest son of William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper, by Mary, daughter of John Clavering, of Chopwell, County Durham. He later assumed the additional surname of Clavering on the death of his maternal uncle. He succeeded his father in the earldom in October 1723, aged 14. In 1744 he was appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Hertfordshire, a post he held until his death. He was also a Lord of the Bedchamber to George II.
Lord Cowper was twice married. He married firstly Lady Henrietta, daughter of Henry de Nassau d'Auverquerque, 1st Earl of Grantham, in 1732. After her death in September 1747 he married secondly Lady Georgiana Caroline, daughter of John Carteret, 2nd Earl Granville, and widow of John Spencer, in 1750. He died in September 1764, aged 55, and was succeeded in the earldom by his son from his first marriage, George Clavering-Cowper, 3rd Earl Cowper. The Countess Cowper died in August 1780.
Arms
References
1709 births
1764 deaths
Earls Cowper
Lord-Lieutenants of Hertfordshire
Baraeus vittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1913 and is known from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Cameroon.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1913
Jiangsu Road () is the name of a station on lines 2 and 11 of the Shanghai Metro. This is one of the stations that can refund the 20RMB deposit for the Shanghai Public Transportation Card.
This station is part of the initial section of Line 2 that opened from to that opened on 20 September 1999, and also served as the southeast terminus of Line 11 from the line's opening on the last day of 2009 until 31 August 2013, when the second phase to opened.
Station Layout
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Changning District
Line 2, Shanghai Metro
Line 11, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1999
Railway stations in Shanghai
Carmelo Filardi was a Puerto Rican artist who was one of the more well-known persons in Yauco, Puerto Rico. Filardi's specialized in satire and journalistic criticism. To do this, he used depictions of average daily life in Puerto Rico to illustrate his thoughts.
He was a caricaturist and his work is included in University of Puerto Rico collections.
His first published cartoon in El Mundo was in 1927. In 1947, he published a book called Un año de historia en caricaturas, which contained a selection of his works from 1946 to 1947. In 1971, he published a book called Una Época de historia en Caricaturas. The book contained a collection of his works from 1948-1963. Eliseo Combas Guerra, wrote the prologue, selected the cartoons and annotated the work for the book. The book was published by Editorial Universitaria of the University of Puerto Rico.
Filardi's works and cultural influences have been featured and discussed in numerous books, publications and national archives such as:
Women, Creole Identity, and Intellectual Life in Early Twentieth-century by Magali Roy Féquière
Harry S. Truman library & museum
Journal of the Center for Puerto Rican Studies(Vol. 20, Issue 1)
Así es la vida (That's Life) by "Joaquín" Jack Delano
Medios y resistencia en la era muñocista: el periódico El Mundo y la caricatura de Filardi ante el proyecto histórico del Partido Popular Democrático, 1950-1960 by Rafael L. Cabrera Collazo
Los dibujos del progreso: el mundo caricaturesco de Filardi y la crítica al desarrollismo muñocista 1950-1960 by Rafael L. Cabrera Collazo
Recordando a Carmelo Filardi (Remembering Carmelo Filardi) by Helga I. Serrano
Horizontes by S. Damary Burgos
Abriendo Puertas by José Giovannetti
Sources for the Study of Puerto Rican History: A Challenge to the Historian's Imagination by Blanca Silvestrini-Pacheco and Maria de Los Angeles Castro Arroyo
Activismo, literatura y cambio social en el Caribe hispano: aproximación en tres movimientos by María Alejandra Aguilar-Dornelles
Historia del Humor Gráfico en Puerto Rico by Arturo Yépez
Analizarán el impacto de la caricatura y la sátira by Inter News Service
El caso del señor Carmelo Filardi
Luis Negrón López Rescatado por la historia by Héctor Luis Acevedo
Salón de Humorismo | Exhibición 40/30
DESTILANDO CAÑA: Resistência e rumclandestino na ilha de Porto Rico by José Manuel González Cruz
Antología del olvido by Eugenio Ballou
There is a Carmelo Filardi Medal award.
Carmelo is directly related to the family which built the Filardi House. His father was Vincente Filardi, the primary builder. His older brothers Juan Bautista and Domingo were also contributors. The professional tennis player Alex Llompart Filardi is also related to Carmelo Filardi.
See also
Filardi House
References
Puerto Rican cartoonists
1989 deaths
People from Yauco, Puerto Rico
1900 births
The Muyesinbo (or Muyeshinbo, meaning "new compendium of martial arts") is a Korean martial arts manual published in 1759. The book is a revision of the older Muyejebo, made during the reign of King Youngjo (1724–1776).
It adds twelve disciplines or "skills" of both armed and unarmed fighting by Prince Sado to the original six which were descbribed in the Muyejebo. No copies of the Muyesinbo have survived, but its contents can easily be determined by tracing back and comparing the Muyejebo with the later Muyedobotongji.
Prince Sado also originated the term Sib Pal Gi (십팔기, 十八技, “Eighteen [Fighting] Methods” or possibly "Eighteen [Warrior's] Tools” if using 十八器), shortened from Bonjo Muye Sib Pal Ban (본조무예십팔반, 本條武藝十八般, "A Treatise on the 18 Martial Categories of the Yi Dynasty"). This mirrors the Chinese concept of the "Eighteen Arms of Wushu" (十八般兵器) to identify the Korean collection of weapons depicted in the Mu Ye Sin Bo (note that 十八般兵器 is pronounced Sip Pal Ban Byeong Gi in Korean, 십팔반병기, where the words Ban Byeong are left out to render Prince Sado's term, and these omitted words roughly translate as "martial methods" making them essentially superfluous when taken in context).
Historical background
The earlier manual of 1610, Muyejebo (Martial Arts Illustrations) had as its background the Imjin War (1592–1598), which revealed severe shortcomings in the Korean national army causing King Seonjo (1567–1608) to order reforms based on the successful training model of the Chinese General Qi Jiguang (1527–1587).
During the reign of King Yeongjo (1724–1776) the Muyejebo was revised, and supplemented with 12 additional fighting methods by Prince Sado, published in 1759.
Prince Sado was the heir-apparent of king Yeongjo, but he suffered from a mental illness which triggered violent outbreaks. After the prince took to randomly killing and raping people in the palace, he was executed by suffocation in 1762, aged 27.
Both the Muyejebo and Muyesinbo formed the basis for the later Muyedobotongji ("Comprehensive Illustrated Manual of Martial Arts") of 1795, which added 4 already depicted disciplines only as executed on horseback (namely: flag spear, twin sabres, moon-knife, and flail) in addition to horsemanship itself as well as a polo-like game, bringing the total number of systems to 24.
The Eighteen Skills
These are the eighteen "skills" (技 skill, ability, method) which are classified into three categories (thrust, slice, and strike) and reflect strong influence from Chinese martial arts.
The first six skills already present in the Muyejebo can also be found in the Muyesinbo:
Gonbong 곤봉 (long staff), c.f. Chinese Gun (棍)
Deungpae 등패 盾牌 (shield)
Nangseon 낭선 狼筅 (thorn spear)
Jangchang 장창 長槍 (long spear), c.f Chinese Qiang 槍 / Shuò 槊
Dangpa 당파鎲杷 (three-pronged spear)
Ssangsudo 쌍수도 雙手刀(two-handed sword)
The remaining twelve skills are original to the Muyesinbo:
Jukjangchang 죽장창 竹長槍(long bamboo spear)
Gichang 기창 旗槍(spear with flag)
Yedo 예도 銳刀 (sharp sword): a single-edged sword that was about three feet in length. It was typically used one-handed and was favored by foot soldiers and sailors.
Wae geom 왜검倭刀 (Japanese sword): the Japanese katana.
Gyojeon 교전校劍 (sword sparring techniques):
Woldo 월도 月刀(moon-blade): a polearm with a curving blade paralleling the Chinese guandao.
Hyeopdo 협도 (spear-blade): a polearm paralleling the Japanese naginata or nagamaki.
Ssang geom 쌍검 雙劍 (twin-swords): fighting with two identical swords; twin-swords were made to be carried in a single sheath.
Jedok geom 제독검 將軍劍 (admiral sword): techniques introduced by Chinese admiral Li Rusong, who fought on the Korean side in the Imjin War. Li used straight-bladed swords (jikdo) with a single edge for slashing and a double-edged sword (geom) for stabbing. The manual gives 14 basic stances for this discipline.
Bonguk geom 본국검 邦國劍(national sword): a method of swordsmanship stressing traditional Korean origin (as opposed to the more recent adoption of the techniques of the "admiral sword").
Gwonbeop 권법 拳搏(unarmed fighting skills): based on the 1567 Ji Xiao Shin Shu紀效新書 or "Manual of New Military Tactics" by General Qi Jiguang戚継光 (1528-1588). Of the original 32 methods cited by General Qi, about 19 methods are identified in the Muyesinbo, besides another 14 original methods, yielding a total of 33.
Pyeongon 편곤 鞭杆(flail): paralleling the Chinese two-section staff
The term Sip Pal Gi in modern Korean martial arts has come to identify three separate but related activities.
Modern reception
In modern Korean martial arts, Sip Pal Gi has come to be used generically, much like "kung fu" in the west.
There are, however, small groups of practitioners who use the term Sip Pal Gi historically, for the attempted reconstruction of 18th-century Korean martial arts based on the historical manuals, much in the same way as martial arts reconstruction in the West.
References
Ehwa University Press 2008, Sippalgi: Traditional Korean Martial Arts, Dr. B.K. Choi
Comprehensive Illustrated Manual of Martial Arts; Trans: KIM Sang H., Phd; Turtle Press, 2000.
See also
Korean swordsmanship
Korean martial arts
The International hosinsool Federation
Martial arts manuals
Korean martial arts
1759 books
Korean books
ko:십팔기
Ataxia acutipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1868. It is known from Brazil.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1868
The 2011 Home United FC season involves Home United competing in the 2012 S.League.
Squad
S.League squad
Transfers
Pre-season transfers
In
Out
Mid-season transfers
In
Out
Team statistics
Appearances and goals
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
Competitions
S.League
League table
Singapore Cup
Singapore League Cup
References
Home United
2012
Agniolophia trivittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Malaysia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Carl Tanner is an operatic tenor.
Carl or Karl Tanner may also refer to:
Carl Tanner, character in The Alphabet Killer
Karl Tanner, character in Celia (film)
Karl Tanner, character in season three in the television series Game of Thrones
The 2001 Arizona Wildcats baseball team represented the University of Arizona during the 2001 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Wildcats played their home games at Frank Sancet Stadium. The team was coached by Jerry Stitt in his 5th season at Arizona. Following the season Coach Stitt resigned from his post after 23 seasons on the coaching staff, including the previous 5 as head coach. The Wildcats finished with an overall record of 33-23 and placed 5th in the Pacific-10 Conference with 12-12 record. They would miss the postseason for the 4th time in 5 years and 2nd straight season.
Previous season
The Wildcats finished the 2000 season with an overall record of 26-30, their first losing season since 1996. They finished 5th in conference play with a record of 12-12. Arizona missed the postseason for a 2nd straight year and 4th time in Jerry Stitt's 5 seasons as head coach.
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Opening day
Schedule and results
2001 MLB Draft
References
Arizona
Arizona Wildcats baseball seasons
Arizona baseball
Lamivudine/raltegravir, sold under the brand name Dutrebis, is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication used in the treatment of HIV/AIDS. It contains lamivudine and raltegravir. It is taken by mouth. Side effects may include lactic acidosis, pancreatitis, liver failure, and severe skin rashes. It was approved for medical use in the United States in 2015.
Lamivudine/raltegravir is not available in the United States.
References
External links
Antiretroviral drugs
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
HIV/AIDS
Merck & Co. brands
The 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition was a men's under-21 football competition that determined the 11 teams joining the automatically qualified hosts Italy in the 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament (the other co-hosts San Marino would not qualify automatically).
Apart from Italy, all remaining 54 UEFA member national teams entered the qualifying competition, with Gibraltar and Kosovo making their debuts. Players born on or after 1 January 1996 are eligible to participate.
Format
The qualifying competition consists of two rounds:
Qualifying group stage: The 54 teams are drawn into nine groups of six teams. Each group is played in home-and-away round-robin format. The nine group winners qualify directly for the final tournament, while the four best runners-up (not counting results against the sixth-placed team) advance to the play-offs.
Play-offs: The four teams are drawn into two ties to play home-and-away two-legged matches to determine the last two qualified teams.
Tiebreakers
In the qualifying group stage, teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria are applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Article 14.01):
Points in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Away goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
If more than two teams are tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, a subset of teams is still tied, all head-to-head criteria above are reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams;
Goal difference in all group matches;
Goals scored in all group matches;
Away goals scored in all group matches;
Disciplinary points (red card = 3 points, yellow card = 1 point, expulsion for two yellow cards in one match = 3 points);
UEFA coefficient for the qualifying group stage draw.
To determine the four best runners-up from the qualifying group stage, the results against the teams in sixth place are discarded. The following criteria are applied (Regulations Article 14.02):
Points;
Goal difference;
Goals scored;
Away goals scored;
Disciplinary points;
UEFA coefficient for the qualifying group stage draw.
In the play-offs, the team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs qualifies for the final tournament. If the aggregate score is level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e., the team that scores more goals away from home over the two legs advances. If away goals are also equal, extra time is played. The away goals rule is again applied after extra time, i.e., if there are goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score is still level, the visiting team advances by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals are scored during extra time, the tie is decided by penalty shoot-out (Regulations Article 19.01).
Schedule
The qualifying matches are played on dates that fall within the FIFA International Match Calendar.
Qualifying group stage
Draw
The draw for the qualifying group stage was held on 26 January 2017, 09:00 CET (UTC+1), at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.
The teams were seeded according to their coefficient ranking, calculated based on the following:
2013 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament and qualifying competition (20%)
2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament and qualifying competition (40%)
2017 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition (40%)
Each group contained one team from each of Pots A–F. For political reasons, Spain and Gibraltar, Serbia and Kosovo, and Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo would not be drawn in the same group.
Notes
Teams marked in bold qualified for the final tournament.
Groups
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Ranking of second-placed teams
To determine the four best second-placed teams from the qualifying group stage which advance to the play-offs, only the results of the second-placed teams against the first, third, fourth and fifth-placed teams in their group are taken into account, while results against the sixth-placed team are not included. As a result, eight matches played by each second-placed team will count for the purposes of determining the ranking.
Play-offs
Draw
Matches
Qualified teams
The following 12 teams qualify for the final tournament.
1 Bold indicates champions for that year. Italic indicates hosts for that year.
2 As West Germany
3 As Yugoslavia
4 As Serbia and Montenegro
Top goalscorers
11 goals
Dawid Kownacki
8 goals
Robert Skov
Borja Mayoral
7 goals
Landry Dimata
Josip Brekalo
Martin Terrier
Cedric Teuchert
Diogo Gonçalves
George Puşcaş
Georgi Melkadze
Luka Jović
Carlos Strandberg
For full lists of goalscorers, see sections in each group:
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Play-offs
References
External links
Qualification
2019
2017 in youth association football
2018 in youth association football
Under-21 Championship qualification
Under-21 Championship qualification
Under-21 Championship qualification
March 2017 sports events in Europe
June 2017 sports events in Europe
August 2017 sports events in Europe
September 2017 sports events in Europe
October 2017 sports events in Europe
November 2017 sports events in Europe
March 2018 sports events in Europe
June 2018 sports events in Europe
September 2018 sports events in Europe
October 2018 sports events in Europe
November 2018 sports events in Europe
The 2019 Mid Sussex District Council election took place on Thursday 2 May 2019 to elect members of Mid Sussex District Council in West Sussex, England.
After the election, the composition of the council was as follows:
Conservative 34
Liberal Democrat 13
Green 3
Independent 4
Results summary
Ward results
Ardingly and Balcombe
Ashurst Wood
Bolney
Burgess Hill Dunstall
Burgess Hill Franklands
Burgess Hill Leylands
Burgess Hill Meeds
Burgess Hill St. Andrew's
Burgess Hill Victoria
Copthorne and Worth
Crawley Down and Turners Hill
Cuckfield
East Grinstead Ashplats
East Grinstead Baldwins
East Grinstead Herontye
East Grinstead Imberhorne
East Grinstead Town
Hassocks
Haywards Heath Ashenground
Haywards Heath Bentswood
Haywards Heath Heath
Haywards Heath Franklands
Haywards Heath Lucastes
High Weald
Hurstpierpoint and Downs
Lindfield
References
May 2019 events in the United Kingdom
2019 English local elections
2019
2010s in West Sussex
The 1998 Hackney Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
Cryptotomus roseus, the bluelip parrotfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a parrotfish, in the family Scaridae. It is found in the warmer waters of the western Atlantic Ocean. The bluelip parrotfish typically inhabits seagrass beds. It is a protogynous hermaphrodite.
References
External links
Scaridae
Taxa named by Edward Drinker Cope
Fish described in 1871
Fish of the Dominican Republic
Andrew Karney, FIET, CEng, FRSA is a British electrical engineer, businessman and company director. He is also an accredited European Engineer.
Career
Karney studied engineering at Trinity College, Cambridge. He started his career working as a teacher for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) in Lebanon and Gaza in 1964 and 1965, when it was occupied by Egypt. He was honoured by the United Nations Secretary-General, U Thant in 1969.
Karney worked as a development engineer at Standard Telephones and Cables on a small team headed by British engineer Tommy Flowers, who designed Colossus, the world's first programmable electronic computer, used to break German wartime codes, particularly the Lorenz cipher. He played an important role in the development of the world's first fully electronic digital telephone exchange, which was developed as an Anglo French collaboration, based in Paris, which was installed in Moorgate in the City of London in 1967. He also worked as a senior scientist at the central research laboratories of the UK General Electric Company on the development codecs for high speed (140 Mbit/s) digital transmission systems which were used to test the capabilities of helix wave guides (and later of optical fibres), digital radio receivers for GCHQ and electronic telephone exchanges. During this time he filed a number of international patents which were used by developers of the first digital telephone switching equipment in the UK, the US, Canada, France, Sweden and Japan.
In 1973 he joined Logica, an international systems company and was a senior member of team of engineers from Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe, SHAPE Technical Center in the Hague, military personnel from NATO countries and industry defining the communications and IT requirements for the underground Static War HQ to be built near Mons in Belgium. He was project director of the European project based in Paris to bring the Internet to Europe from 1975 to 1976. INRIA in France, Euratom in Italy, the National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom), ETH Zurich (Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich) and the Organisation Européenne pour la Recherche Nucléaire, commonly known as CERN, actively participated in the project and it was there that the World Wide Web was conceived by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. In 1984, Karney became a main board director responsible for the telecommunications, electronics, space, government and media sectors as well as operations in Italy and Asia, which included he development of the trading system for the new unified Hong Kong Stock Exchange. During that time he was responsible for the development of the Customer Service System for British Telecommunications (BT/CSS), the £1bn total implementation, represented largest computer project undertaken in Europe and the largest integrated database in the world and the development of early Text Messaging (SMS) for mobile phones.
In 1984, together with others, he founded Cable London plc – one of the first cable TV operations in the UK, which subsequently became part of Telewest now part of Virgin Media. He was a member of the UK National Electronics Council, seeking to improve links between academia and industry from 1980 to 1990
On leaving Logica in 1994 Karney became a director of NASDAQ quoted Integrated Micro Products, later acquired by Sun Microsystems (now part of Oracle Corporation) and chairman of Language Line Ltd, a telephone interpreting and language resources company founded by Lord Michael Young (politician), who also conceived the Consumers' Association Which? in the UK and the Open University, the first of its kind in the world. In 1997 he became an independent director of the Guardian Media Group plc and Guardian News and Media, publishers of the Guardian and Observer newspapers, chairing the IT steering board - responsible for the development of all the news and commercial platforms for the newspapers and websites. He was a director of Baronsmead Second Venture Trust from 2001 - 2016, a venture capital company, investing in a number of high technology and business services companies. In 2005 he was appointed chairman of the trustees of the international NGO, Integrity Action (formerly Tiri), which seeks practical solutions to making integrity work in governments, civil society and business. From 2009 to 2018 he was a trustee of Medical Aid for Palestinians which works for the health and dignity of Palestinians living under occupation and as refugees. He then became a trustee of the Welfare Association (UK) works to support some of the most marginalised Palestinian families and communities in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and in the refugee camps in Lebanon. From January 2020, he was a director of Helix Technologies, a specialist developer of compact, high-performance, dielectric-loaded ceramic antennas for demanding telecommunications and navigation applications until the completion of a significant Venture Capital funding round in November 2021.
He is a chartered engineer, fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, a Freeman of the City of London, a fellow of the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures & Commerce. He is a member of Chatham House (The Royal Institute of International Affairs), The Council for Arab-British Understanding and an expert on contemporary Middle Eastern affairs, particularly Palestine and Syria.
Personal life
Karney is one of six children. His father was Gilbert Henry Peter Karney vicar of Embleton, Northumberland, his grandfather was Bishop Arthur Karney, the first bishop of Johannesburg. His mother was Celia Karney (née Richardson) granddaughter of John Wigham Richardson a Quaker Victorian shipbuilder and founder of Swan Hunter and Wigham Richardson shipbuilders on Tyneside, who built the RMS Mauretania (1906). Karney is married to the former prima ballerina Beryl Goldwyn and they have one son Peter Karney born in 1972.
References
External links
Andrew Karney
English businesspeople
English electrical engineers
People from Northumberland
Living people
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Institution of Engineering and Technology
1942 births
Chatham House people
The Spin Tangi massacre () or Hathikhel massacre () refers to the killing of about 80 non-violent Pashtun protesters by the Frontier Constabulary and the British Indian Army on 24 August 1930 at the Spin Tangi village near Domel, in the Bannu district of the North-West Frontier Province of British India. This massacre was committed just three months after the Takkar massacre in Mardan and four months after the Qissa Khwani massacre in Peshawar.
Throughout the summer of 1930 British authorities were seeking to break the communications of the Khudai Khidmatgar (KK) movement, and martial law was declared by the British on 16 August; they had banned both the KK and the Congress and had arrested Badshah Khan and others. A large protest gathering was organised at Hathikhel in Spin Tangi, by local Waziri tribal leaders and sympathizers of the KK movement, despite the restrictions of the British. A local elder, Qazi Fazal Qadar, was fired upon by the arresting police, and in the ensuing violence some 80 protestors were killed and 300 were arrested. Captured in the violence, the wounded Qazi Fazal Qadar was dragged to the District Commissioner but died shortly afterwards. He was sentenced posthumously to 14 years imprisonment by the government, denied any religious rites and buried in Bannu prison.
Some sources give the number of the dead as 70.
See also
Babrra massacre
Kharqamar incident
Qissa Khwani Bazaar massacre
Takkar massacre
References
Massacres in 1930
Pakistan Movement
Indian independence movement
History of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Bannu District
Conflicts in 1930
1930 in British India
August 1930 events
Massacres committed by the United Kingdom
Massacres in British India
"When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" is a song written by Sting that was first released by English rock band the Police on their 1980 album Zenyatta Mondatta. Along with another song from Zenyatta Mondatta, "Voices Inside My Head", the song reached 3 on the Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart in 1981. In 2000, a remix version credited to Different Gear versus the Police reached No. 28 on the UK Singles Chart, No. 7 on the Billboard Dance chart, and No. 94 in the Netherlands. On radio stations, the song is often played concurrently with "Driven to Tears", with the latter being played first.
Lyrics and music
"When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" was one of Sting's earliest attempts at a song whose lyrics deal with concerns of the outside world rather than just his own issues. Ellie O'Day of Vancouver Free Press describes the lyrics as being mostly a "repetitive chant". Ultimate Classic Rock critic Mike Duquette describes the theme as "a man going insane in a post-apocalyptic world." Sting regards the song as having a post-apocalyptic vision, something it shares with an earlier Police song, "Bring on the Night", from the 1979 album Reggatta de Blanc. Sting has said of the two songs "such vanity as to imagine one's self as the sole survivor of a holocaust with all one's favorite things still intact".
"When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" and "Bring on the Night" also share their chord progression. Rolling Stone critic David Fricke notes a structural similarity between "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" and two songs from Reggatta de Blanc, "Walking on the Moon" and "The Bed's Too Big without You". Like those two Reggatta de Blanc songs, "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" repeats its three-chord progression over its nearly four-minute length. Fricke regards the chord progression as "hypnotic".
Personnel
The Police
Sting – bass guitar, lead and backing vocals, synthesizer
Andy Summers – guitar, backing vocals
Stewart Copeland – drums, backing vocals
Critical reception
Author Chris Welch praises the rhythm section of Sting and Stewart Copeland on the song, particularly the way they go with the flow and groove with ease. Sounds critic Phil Sutcliffe commented on its "expression of melancholy", noting that it maintains a restrained, dry tone that is able to project sadness without being overly demonstrative. RAM magazine critic Greg Taylor criticises the lyrics for not doing "anything with its potentially political message" but praises the music, particularly Andy Summers' "long ringing" guitar chords. Mojo critic John Harris regards it as one of several formless jams on the album, complaining that it "randomly fades out as if simple boredom finally won out". Duquette called it a "delirious dance drone cut" with an "ass-shaking bassline"
Police guitarist Andy Summers considers "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" to be one of the promising songs Sting had written in advance of the Zenyatta Mondatta sessions and which form the "meat" of the album, the others being "Driven to Tears" and the hit singles "De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da" and "Don't Stand So Close to Me". Police drummer Stewart Copeland has described the song (not necessarily entirely seriously) as "pre Rossinus Mantuanus (via Karl Orff) with metre altered to fit the characteristic Police beat".
Remix version
In early 2000, a 12-inch bootleg remix version of "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" began circulating in prominent nightclubs, played by such disc jockeys as Pete Tong, David Morales and Terry Farley. At first it was unknown who was responsible for the remix, but it turned out to be Gino Scaletti and Quinn Whalley, also known as Different Gear. Pagan Records eventually got permission from the Police's label, A&M Records, to release the remix commercially. The remix version was credited to Different Gear versus the Police and reached No. 28 on the UK Singles Chart. On the US Billboard Dance chart, the remix went to No. 7. This version was included in the soundtrack for the film Red Planet (2000).
Charts
Original version
Different Gear remix
Other appearances
Besides the remix version, "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" has been covered by a number of artists. Sting himself covered it himself on his solo live album Bring on the Night. The Bring on the Night version is a medley with the Police song "Bring on the Night" from the 1979 album Reggatta de Blanc and features contributions from Branford Marsalis and keyboardist Kenny Kirkland. The song was also covered by Tatsuya Nishiwaki on his 2004 album Atmosphere/Sound of Gravity.
The Police version of "When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around" was included in the box set Message in a Box: The Complete Recordings.
References
1980 songs
2000 singles
The Police songs
Song recordings produced by Nigel Gray
Songs written by Sting (musician)
Burghclere railway station (originally named Sydmonton) was a station on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway in England. It was further from the village of Burghclere than Highclere railway station but Burghclere station was relatively busy, serving the larger village of Kingsclere.
Facilities
It was furnished with the usual two platforms, station buildings (on the northbound platform) and passing loop and there were additional sidings on both sides of the line and further private sidings on a curve to the south east servicing local lime kilns. A good shed, standard crane and cattle pen was also built next to the siding on the Northbound line.
Closure
Both the station and the railway closed in the 1960s - passenger trains were withdrawn in March 1960 and goods traffic had ceased by 1965, when the line closed completely.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Curtis Calvin Rice (born 1962) is an American-born Norwegian linguist and the rector of the Norwegian University of Life Sciences. Until 2021, he was the rector of Oslo Metropolitan University and formerly of its predecessor institution, Oslo and Akershus University College. Rice was the first rector of Oslo Metropolitan University who was not elected. He began his rectorship at Oslo Metropolitan University on 1 August 2015. A major issue of his tenure as rector has been the question of whether HiOA should apply for the status of a university to become one of Norway's new universities; it received this status on 12 January 2018. Rice is known for controversial views on the status of the Norwegian language in academia, having called for a ban on research papers in Norwegian.
Early career
Rice grew up in Rochester, Minnesota, and graduated from high school there in 1980. He is an alumnus of Rochester Mayo High School. He studied philosophy at Augsburg College in Minnesota and graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1984. He spent the 1984–1985 academic year as a Fulbright grantee at KU Leuven, Belgium. He earned a PhD in general linguistics at the University of Texas at Austin in 1991. His research has focused on generative grammar and phonology.
Academic positions
Rice was a professor in the Department of Languages and Linguistics at the University of Tromsø, Norway. He represented the academic employees on the university board in Tromsø Rice applied unsuccessfully for the rector position at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. and served as Pro-Rector for Research and Development 2009–2013. He was also director of the Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics (CASTL) at the University of Tromsø.
In 2015 he was appointed as the first non-elected rector of Oslo and Akershus University College. The college received the status of a university in 2018, and became Oslo Metropolitan University.
Rice in Norwegian university debate
Rice is known for controversial views on the use of the Norwegian language in academia, which have been criticized by the Language Council of Norway and Norwegian academics and media on several occasions. He has called for "banning research papers in Norwegian" and claimed that academics who write in Norwegian "abdicate as academics." He has also called for less use of Norwegian in higher education and more use of English. He has instituted policies at Oslo Metropolitan University that no longer require fluency in Norwegian, which drew widespread criticism. His views have been noted to be at odds with the government's policy of promoting the Norwegian language in research and higher education. Dagbladet commentator Inger Merete Hobbelstad has noted that "Curt Rice would probably have liked being in Norwegian academia, had it not been Norwegian." His promotion of the name "OsloMet", and subsequently his promotion of the English name as the primary name, was criticized by the Language Council, linguists, politicians and media commentators.
Rice has chaired the Committee on Gender Equality and Diversity in Research and the board of CRIStin.
Writing
Rice blogs for The Guardian about open access, leadership, and gender equality issues in higher education.
Personal life
He is married to Tove I. Dahl, who also studied at Augsburg College and who is a professor of educational psychology at the University of Tromsø as well as the dean of Skogfjorden, the Norwegian Language Village at Concordia Language Villages.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Rochester, Minnesota
Augsburg University alumni
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
University of Tromsø faculty
Oslo and Akershus University College faculty
Oslo Metropolitan University faculty
Rectors of universities and colleges in Norway
Linguists from the United States
American emigrants to Norway
One Big Union may refer to:
One Big Union (concept), a concept that all workers should be organised in one union
One Big Union (Canada), a trade union in Canada
The One Big Union Monthly, a publication produced by the Industrial Workers of the World
One Big Union: Judi Bari's Vision of Green-Worker Alliances in Redwood Country, a book by Steve Ongerth about activist Judi Bari
Mark O'Dea (born 1 June 1991) is a British television presenter and YouTuber, mainly known for his work in Malaysia.
Early life
O'Dea was born in Gravesend, Kent. He was cast in his first theatre role at the age of eleven in the West End production of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang at the London Palladium. He was awarded a scholarship to the Sylvia Young Theatre School at the age of twelve .
Career
After graduating from the Sylvia Young Theatre school, O'Dea moved to Malaysia where he joined the Malaysian-based boyband 'The London Boys' and at the same time started a YouTube channel which included pranks, sketches, song covers and challenges.
Following The London Boys, O'Dea joined The 8TV Quickie variety show in 2014 as a regular presenter. The show ended on 31 March 2016. He also worked for Astro SuperSport, hosting a travelogue sports show called 'Wishlist', a show focused on Malaysian athletes that he co-hosted with Reem Shahwa.
O'Dea is also a fitness enthusiast and was on the cover for the Malaysia Men's Health Magazine in May 2015. He has made several videos and articles about equal religious rights in Malaysia.
In 2016, he launched a Challenge Series on his YouTube channel called 'Oh My Bahasa Malaysia' where he would face up against Malaysian celebrities and try to compete in a series of challenges to avoid a punishment.
Film
References
English television presenters
1991 births
Living people
The 2012 special election in Michigan's 11th congressional district was a special election that took place in Michigan on November 6, 2012, to replace Republican United States Congressman Thaddeus McCotter, who resigned after a failed presidential campaign and a series of scandals. Former autoworker David Curson, the Democratic nominee, narrowly defeated Republican nominee Kerry Bentivolio, a reindeer farmer, to win the seat for the last few months of McCotter's term.
Schedule
As a matter of convenience and cost saving, this special election was held in conjunction with the regularly scheduled general election on November 6, 2012. Voters were asked on the November ballot to select two candidates: one to serve the remainder of McCotter's term in the 112th Congress, and the other to serve the full 2-year term in the 113th Congress beginning in January 2013.
Democratic primary
Candidates
David Curson, labor activist
Despite the fact that Canton Township Trustee Syed Taj was the Democratic nominee in the regularly-scheduled general election, Taj did not opt to run in the special election and Curson did not opt to run in the general election.
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Kerry Bentivolio, reindeer farmer
Nancy Cassis, former State Senator
Kenneth Crider, steelworker
Carolyn Kavanagh
Steve King, former member of the Livonia School Board
Results
General election
The election to fill the remaining 6 weeks of McCotter's term was largely ignored as the attention was focused on the presidential election and the race for the full two-year term between Bentivolio and Taj.
Candidates
Kerry Bentivolio, Republican nominee
David Curson, Democratic nominee
John J. Tartar, Libertarian Party nominee
Marc J. Sosnowski, Constitution Party nominee
Election results
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
Michigan's 11th congressional district
References
United States House of Representatives 11 special
Michigan 11 special
2012 11 special
Michigan 2012 11
Michigan 11
United States House of Representatives 2012 11
Bob and Mike Bryan successfully defended their title beating Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor 6–2, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
All seeds received a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters - Doubles
2012 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters
Robert Allan Murray (born April 4, 1967) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He is the head coach of the Tulsa Oilers of the ECHL. Murray played much of his career as captain of the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons. He holds team records in single season penalty minutes (373), career assists (157), penalty minutes (1529), and games (501). His number 23 has been retired by the Falcons.
Playing career
As a youth, Murray played in the 1980 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Toronto Marlboros minor ice hockey team.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft, Murray played parts of two seasons for the Capitals. At the end of the 1990–91 season, he was claimed by the Minnesota North Stars and was traded the very next day to the Winnipeg Jets. Murray would spend most of his time in the Jets' minor league affiliates; first the Moncton Hawks for three seasons, and then the Springfield Falcons for eight, for which he is the career games leader and longtime captain.
Following the Jets' franchise when it relocated to Phoenix, Murray would spend parts of two seasons until he was traded to the Edmonton Oilers although he would never actually play a game for the franchise. He retired from active play in 2003.
Murray was at one time the career penalty minute leader in the AHL, but has since been surpassed by Dennis Bonvie; he remains in second place in league history with 2940. In 2017, he was named to the AHL Hall of Fame.
Coaching career
After retirement, Murray was hired as an assistant coach for the Providence Bruins and was named their head coach in 2008 following Scott Gordon's hiring by the New York Islanders. He was let go following the 2010–11 season. On July 13, 2011, he was named the head coach of the Alaska Aces of the ECHL where he remained for six seasons. His Aces teams won three Brabham Cups for the best regular season records and one Kelly Cup for the playoff championship in 2014. He stayed with the Aces until the team folded following the 2016–17 season. He was then named head coach of the Tulsa Oilers in June 2017.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Baltimore Skipjacks players
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Canadian ice hockey centres
Fort Wayne Komets players
Hamilton Bulldogs (AHL) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Moncton Hawks players
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Philadelphia Phantoms players
Phoenix Coyotes players
Providence Bruins coaches
Saint John Flames players
Sportspeople from Toronto
Springfield Falcons players
Washington Capitals draft picks
Washington Capitals players
Winnipeg Jets (1979–1996) players
Burukutu is an alcoholic beverage, brewed from the grains of Guinea corn (Sorghum bicolor) and millet (Pennisetum glaucum).
The alcoholic beverage is often produced in Tropical African countries such as Nigeria, Togo, Kenya, Ethiopia and Burundi as one of the major traditional and local alcoholic drinks. It is commonly consumed in Northern Guinea savanna region of Nigeria, Ghana, Togo, and Republic of Benin.
Production
Burukutu production involves five basic stages, which include: steeping, malting, mashing, fermentation, and maturation.
The production begins by malting, which involves the conversion of the Guinea corn or millet grains into malt and this takes place on a malting floor. This process is followed by steeping, which involves the soaking of the grains in water for at least three days to allow the grain to absorb moisture and to begin to sprout.
When the grain has absorbed enough moisture, it is transferred to the malting floor, where it is constantly turned over for around five days while it is air-dried. This procedure is followed by mashing in which the milled grain known as the "grain bill" (malted grain) is mixed with water known as "liquor" and heating the mixture. This process allows the enzymes in the grain bill to decompose the starch in the grain into sugars (maltose) to form a wort.
The product is allowed to ferment using the sugar fungi form of yeast and allow maturation for 2 days or 48 hours.
Gallery
See also
Umqombothi, Chibuku and Munkoyo or 'Ibwatu' in Zambia.
References
African drinks
Nigerian drinks
Nigerian distilled drinks
Amata alicia is a species of moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It occurs throughout Africa, from Morocco to South Africa.
The adults look similar to Amata cerbera.
Larvae feed on coffee plants, Bidens pilosa, Cupressus, Dahlia and Manihot glaziovii.
The amata alicia is commonly found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Gabon, Kenya, Mozambique, Morocco, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
Subspecies
Amata alicia alicia
Amata alicia damarensis (Grünberg, 1910)
Amata alicia hoggariensis (Alberti & Alberti, 1978)
References
www.afromoths.net
alicia
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 1876
Sidney Herbert Blan was a politician from Alabama. He served as Secretary of State of Alabama from 1923 to 1927, State Auditor of Alabama from 1927 to 1931, and Alabama State Treasurer from 1931 to 1935.
Before being elected for public office, Blan served as a Presidential Elector in the 1916 and 1920 Presidential Elections.
He married in 1901 and had two children. He died April 20, 1963.
References
http://www.archives.alabama.gov/conoff/blan.html
Secretaries of State of Alabama
Alabama Democrats
1877 births
1963 deaths
State treasurers of Alabama
State Auditors of Alabama
Else Heart.Break() is a programming puzzle video game. It was developed by Erik Svedäng with art by Niklas Åkerblad.
Development
Else Heart.Break() was developed by Swedish developer Erik Svedäng. Development began in 2010 after the release of Blueberry Garden. It was released on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X on September 24, 2015.
Reception
Else Heart.Break() received generally positive reviews from video game critics.
References
External links
2015 video games
Linux games
MacOS games
Programming games
Video games developed in Sweden
Windows games
Single-player video games
Elía is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 17.
Geography
Elía is located 14km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
The Fifth Sun () is an Iranian Drama, Sci-Fi series. The series is directed by Alireza Afkhami. The series has also been aired on iFilm since November 2021.
Storyline
A student of mechanics, Mohsen (Hamid Goudarzi) and his close friend Homayoun (Shahram Ghaedi) are living in poor economic conditions in 1985. They find an Inscription that can travel in time, and Mohsen travels with Antique for 24 years. Mohsen, who encounters new and far-fetched phenomena and there he falls in love with a girl named Homa (Shabnam Gholikhani). Other things happen to Mohsen that he is forced to go back to 1985 and...
Cast
Hamid Goudarzi
Shabnam Gholikhani
Maryam Kavyani
Shahram Ghaedi
Anoushirvan Arjmand
Mahvash Sabrkon
Mehdi Solooki
Pendar Akbari
Kamiyar Mohebi
Niloufar hooshmand
Asgar Ghods
Hassan Najafi
Nasim Geramipour
Mohammad Matin Heidarinia
Nabioallah Pirhadi
Reza Tavakoli
Ali Mirzaei
References
External links
2010s Iranian television series
Iranian television series
The Piano Concerto No. 26 in D major, K. 537, was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and completed on 24 February 1788. It is generally known as the Coronation Concerto.
The concerto is scored for solo piano, one flute, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani (in D, A), and strings.
Origin of the nickname "Coronation"
The traditional name associated with this work is not Mozart's own, nor was the work written on the occasion for which posterity has named it. Mozart remarked in a letter to his wife in April 1789 that he had just performed this concerto at court. But the nickname "Coronation" was derived from his playing of the work at the time of the coronation of Leopold II as Holy Roman Emperor in October 1790 in Frankfurt am Main. At the same concert, Mozart also played the Piano Concerto No. 19, K. 459.
Alan Tyson in his introduction to Dover Publications' facsimile of the autograph score (which today is in the Morgan Library & Museum in New York) comments that "Although K. 459 has at times been called a 'Coronation' concerto, this title has nearly always been applied to K. 537".
Movements
The concerto has the following three movements:
The second and third movements have their tempos given above in parentheses because in the autograph these are not given in Mozart's own handwriting but were written in by someone else. (The Neue Mozart-Ausgabe [NMA V/15/8, ed. Wolfgang Rehm] places the note "Tempobezeichnung im Autograph von fremder Hand" ["Tempo indication in autograph by another hand"] on both movements, though the old Breitkopf & Härtel Complete Works edition does not have any indication that the tempos are not Mozart's own.)
The unfinished keyboard part
There is a very unusual feature to this concerto. In addition to omitting the tempi for two of the movements, Mozart also, in Tyson's words, "did not write any notes for the piano's left hand in a great many measures throughout the work." As can be seen in the Dover Publications facsimile, large stretches of the solo part simply have nothing at all for the left hand, including the opening solo (mvmt. I, mm. 81–99) and the whole of the second movement. There is in fact no other Mozart piano concerto of which so much of the solo part was left unfinished by the composer.
The 1794 first edition had these gaps filled in, and most Mozart scholars such as Alfred Einstein and Alan Tyson have assumed that the additions were made by the publisher Johann André. Einstein is on record as finding André's completion somewhat wanting: "For the most part, this version is extremely simple and not too offensive, but at times—for example, in the accompaniment of the Larghetto theme—it is very clumsy, and the whole solo part would gain infinitely by revision and refinement in Mozart's own style."
Nearly all of the passages that necessitated filling in for the first edition lack only simple accompanimental patterns such as Alberti bass figures and chords. For example, measures 145–151 of the first movement, which involve more complicated virtuoso passagework, are fully written out in the autograph. For the less complex portions of the solo, it is clear that Mozart "knew perfectly well what he had to play" and so left them incomplete.
The old Breitkopf & Härtel Mozart Complete Works score of this concerto does not make any distinction between what Mozart himself wrote and what André (or someone commissioned by him) supplied. However, the Neue Mozart-Ausgabe volume referenced above prints André's supplements in smaller type, to clearly distinguish them from Mozart's own notes.
Critical reception
While this concerto has enjoyed popularity due to its beauty and rococo (or galant) style, it is not generally regarded today to be of the level of quality of the twelve previous Viennese piano concertos or the final concerto in B. This amounts to a complete reversal of critical opinion, since K. 537 was once one of Mozart's most celebrated keyboard concertos, especially during the 19th century. In 1935, Friedrich Blume, editor of the Eulenburg edition of this work, called it "the best known and most frequently played" of Mozart's piano concertos. But writing in 1945, Einstein commented:
Nonetheless, the "Coronation" concerto remains frequently performed today.
References
Sources
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Neue Mozart-Ausgabe, Serie V, Werkgruppe 15, Band 8, ed. Wolfgang Rehm. (Baerenreiter-Verlag, Kassel, 1960; BA 4524). Reprinted in Mozart: The Piano Concertos/Baerenreiter Urtext, ISMN M-006-20470-0, published in 2006. The "Coronation Concerto" can be found on pp. 3–92 (Vol. III, pp. 309*-398* in the reprint edition).
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Piano Concertos Nos. 23–27 in Full Score (NY: Dover Publications, 1978). . Reprint of the 19th century Breitkopf & Härtel Mozart Complete Works edition of these concertos; the "Coronation Concerto" is on pp. 187–242.
Alfred Einstein, Mozart: His Character, His Work. Trans. Arthur Mendel and Nathan Broder. (London: Oxford University Press, 1945). .
Alan Tyson, "Introduction," in Mozart: Piano Concerto No. 26 in D Major ("Coronation"), K. 537—The Autograph Score. (NY: Pierpont Morgan Library in association with Dover Publications, 1991), pp. vii–xi. .
Steven Ledbetter, "Mozart: Piano Concerto No. 26," program notes at Pro Arte's web site.
External links
26
Collection of the Morgan Library & Museum
1788 compositions
Compositions in D major
Tamar de Sola Pool (née Hirshenson; 1890-1981), was an Israeli-American academic and zionist who served as president of the Hadassah Women's Zionist Organization of America from 1939 to 1943. Born in Jerusalem to Rabbi Chaim Hirschenson and Eva (Cohen) Hirschenson, the family moved to New Jersey in 1904, and Rabbi Hirschenson became a congregational rabbi. In 1917, Hirshenson married David de Sola Pool, the rabbi of Congregation Shearith Israel in New York. She died in 1981.
References
External links
Guide to the Hadassah Archives on Long-term Deposit at the American Jewish Historical Society
Marjorie Lehman, Tamar de Sola Pool, at: the Jewish Women's Archive's Encyclopedia of Jewish Women
1981 deaths
American Zionists
1890 births
People from Jerusalem
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Hadassah Women's Zionist Organization of America members
Israeli women academics
Israeli women activists
Zionist activists
American women academics
American women activists
20th-century American women
20th-century American Jews
Melvin Ernest Trotter (May 16, 1870–September 11, 1940) was a former alcoholic who founded and directed the Grand Rapids, Michigan City Rescue Mission for more than forty years and became a leader in American fundamentalism during the first four decades of the twentieth century.
Early life
Mel Trotter was one of seven children born in Orangeville, Illinois to a bartender who drank "as much as he served." In 1887, the family moved to Freeport, Illinois where Trotter became a barber and was shortly thereafter gambling and drinking heavily. Four years later in Pearl City, Iowa, Trotter married Lottie Fisher, who was horrified to discover that her husband was an alcoholic. Trotter later said, "I loathed the life I was living. I tried my level best, but it wasn't in me."
Trotter lost his job in Pearl City, and he and his wife moved to a more rural area in an attempt to help him stay sober. He lost another job and they both moved to Davenport, Iowa, where Mel tried his hand at selling insurance, a job he lost the day after his son was born.
Trotter began leaving home for weeks at a time, and when he returned after one period of drunkenness, he discovered his two-year-old dead. Believing that he bore the responsibility for the child's death, he considered suicide. He stood beside the coffin and swore that he would never touch liquor again. Two hours later he was staggering drunk. Hopping a train, he landed in Chicago in January 1897 where he sold his shoes to buy another drink.
Drunk, broke, and shoeless in the snow, Trotter was nudged inside the Pacific Garden Mission, where he was converted after hearing the testimony of its director, Harry Monroe. Trotter got a barbering job and spent every night at the mission. He could play the guitar and sing, and he and Monroe represented the Mission at its supporting churches.
Ministry
In 1900, Grand Rapids businessmen decided to establish a rescue mission in the city's ramshackle red-light district, and Monroe suggested Trotter—who had never even led a mission meeting—as the director. Conversions occurred at the mission almost immediately when it opened under Trotter's direction, and Trotter found he could preach and also manage the toughs who tried to disrupt the proceedings. On one occasion he had the crowd sing “More About Jesus” while he tossed the hooligans into the street.
Trotter won Herb Sillaway, another drunken barber, to Christ, and Sillaway then got drunk six times in four weeks and tried to drown himself. Trotter found him in jail in wet clothes and said nothing, just stood in front of him and wept. Sillaway said, "My God, man, I believe you love me." Trotter replied, "Yes, Herb, I love you like I love my own soul." Sillaway eventually became Trotter's assistant.
In 1905, Trotter was ordained by the Presbyterian Church, although even the ordination committee admitted that the ordination (and to some degree, Trotter's theology) was unorthodox. Within a few years, Trotter had the largest rescue mission in the United States, and in 1906, the organization purchased the local burlesque house in order to provide more space for its varied ministries.
The Mission Sunday School soon had an attendance of three to five hundred children, who were often fed and clothed as well as evangelized. By 1913, the mission held twenty-three meetings a week, and the building was in constant use twenty-four hours a day providing food, clothing, and lodging. Trotter had prison services, Bible classes and street meetings. His wife began the Martha Mission to teach women how to sew.
Trotter proved remarkably tactful to those who visited the mission, but he was a strong leader with a keen business sense and was adept at raising the necessary funds to keep the Mission doors open. Trotter also helped found dozens of rescue missions around the country, many which were headed by people whom he had trained and inspired. He was a founder of the Brotherhood of Rescue Mission Superintendents, which always held its annual meetings in January in Grand Rapids.
During World War I, Trotter and his musician friend, Homer Hammontree, entertained soldiers in American training camps for the YMCA with music proceeding Trotter's preaching. (The YMCA was required to amuse as well as minister to the soldiers, so Trotter eventually traveled with a quartet to fulfill the "entertainment" clause rather than be sandwiched between prize fights and movies.) Hammontree estimated that at the close of the war, sixteen thousand soldiers “had come out for the Lord.”
During this second decade of the twentieth century, Trotter was stricken with cancer and his wife left him. Trotter once again considered suicide.
By this time Trotter had become a popular Bible conference speaker, especially at Northfield Bible Conference and the Winona Lake Bible Conference, and by 1924, he was so well known that he finished out a Billy Sunday campaign in Memphis, Tennessee. Like Sunday, Trotter became an itinerant evangelist and had wooden tabernacles built for his campaigns. Also like Sunday, he used colloquial speech in his sermons. ("Lots of people go bugs on religion, but nobody ever went crazy on Christianity.") In 1935, Bob Jones College conferred an honorary doctorate on him. In 1937, he appeared with Harry A. Ironside in England.
In 1939, Trotter suffered a severe heart attack in Kannapolis, North Carolina, and died at his summer cottage near Holland, Michigan in 1940. Ironside was the presiding minister at his funeral. He was buried at the Graceland Mausoleum in Grand Rapids. His papers are at the Billy Graham Center, Wheaton College.
At his funeral in 1940, many of Trotter's friends described what made him a unique personality. One recalled that he would pray with an alcoholic, "then stand him on his feet and say, 'Now go home and get the wife and kiddies and come down to the Mission tonight.' Then as they parted, he would slip a dollar bill or a silver dollar in the poor drunkard's hand. I heard one of those men say, as he stood outside the Mission door, after such a parting, 'I will die before I spend this dollar for booze.'"
The mission he founded, Mel Trotter Ministries, is still operating today.
References
Bibliography
Leona Hertel, Man with a Mission: Mel Trotter and His Legacy for the Rescue Mission Movement (Grand Rapids: Kregel, 2000).
Melvin E. Trotter, These Forty Years (Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan Publishing House, 1939).
Fred C. Zarfas, Mel Trotter: A Biography (Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan Publishing House, 1950).
Short biography at MelTrotter.org
People from Stephenson County, Illinois
1870 births
1940 deaths
People from Grand Rapids, Michigan
Christian fundamentalists
American Presbyterian ministers
American evangelists
Wheaton College (Illinois)
The Musicians Foundation is a non-profit granting organization that awards aid to U.S.-based professional musicians in need of assistance due to personal crisis, issues of health, natural disaster, or other emergency situations. It was started in 1914 when an organization known as "The Bohemians" (New York Musicians Club) took the first step toward establishing a fund for their fellow musicians by producing a concert featuring several distinguished artists of the day. Now its own organization, the Musicians Foundation gives grants to musicians of all genres and from all over the United States.
References
External links
Official webpage of the Musicians Foundation
501(c)(3) organizations
Non-profit organizations based in New York (state)
Instinto Asesino (, English: "Killer Instinct") is a series produced by Endemol Argentina for the Discovery Channel. Each episode portrays a notorious serial killer case that occurred in a country in Latin America. So far, cases depicted occurred in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela.
The first season features six cases and the death toll caused by the six criminals combined surpasses one hundred victims, most of them women and children.
A second season aired in Latin America, with eight episodes total.
First season
1. "El Monstruo de los Cañaduzales"
Broadcast 6 April 2010
The opening episode discusses the case of Manuel Octavio Bermúdez, a Colombian pedophile and serial killer. His Nickname is "El Monstruo de los Cañaduzales" (The Monster of the Cane Fields). He confessed to the rape and murder of 32 children in remote areas of Colombia between 1999 and 2003.
2. "La Mataviejitas"
Broadcast 13 April 2010
Juana Barraza is a Mexican thief and serial killer. Her Nickname is "La Mataviejitas" (The Old Lady Killer). Arrested for killing and stealing the possessions of several middle-aged women between the late 1990s and 2006, there are questions about the real number of her victims, estimated between 25 and more than 40.
3. "El Maniaco del Parque"
Broadcast 20 April 2010
Francisco de Assis Pereira is a Brazilian rapist and serial killer, known as "O Maníaco do Parque" (The Maniac in the Park). He was arrested for the torture, rape and death of 11 women and for assaulting nine in a park in São Paulo, Brazil during the 1990s. Pereira found his victims by posing as a talent scout for a modeling agency.
4. "Masacre Escolar"
Broadcast 27 April 2010
A student, Rafael "Junior" Solich, was responsible for the school shooting at the Islas Malvinas middle school which occurred in 2004 in the city of Carmen de Patagones, Argentina, killing four students and wounding another five. On location filming at the school where the tragedy occurred was blocked by Argentine officials.
5. "El Padrino"
Broadcast 4 May 2010
Adolfo Constanzo was an American serial killer, drug dealer and cult leader, known as "El Padrino de Matamoros" (The Godfather of Matamoros). His cult is responsible for a series of human sacrifices in Matamoros, Mexico during the 1980s. He ordered a follower to kill him in the arms of his male lover.
6. "El Vampiro de Niteroi"
Broadcast 11 May 2010
Marcelo Costa de Andrade, a Brazilian pedophile and serial killer, confessed the rape and death of 14 children in the Brazilian cities of Rio de Janeiro and Niterói in 1991. His habit to drink the blood of his victims earned him the nickname "O Vampiro de Niterói" (The Vampire of Niterói).
Second season
1. "Bruja Asesina"
Broadcast 7 February 2011
In Colombia, the case of a woman claiming to be a witch, and accused of killing at least eight people after being invited to their houses to perform rituals of healing and protection, but drugging her victims before taking their lives instead. Despite being sentenced to forty years of prison, she is currently on house arrest due to misconducts on her trial.
2. "La Massacre de Pozzeto"
Broadcast 14 February 2011
Colombia, 1986. A Colombian Vietnam War veteran, Campo Elías Delgado, murders his own mother triggering a killing spree that resulted in thirty people dead, the last to die being the murderer himself. 25 years later, a forensics team try to determine if the man took his own life, or was killed during the shootout with police at the restaurant where his spree ended.
3. "El Monstruo de Rio Claro"
Broadcast 21 February 2011
The Brazilian city of Rio Claro was terrorized during the 1990s by Laerte Patrocínio Orpinelli, a serial rapist and killer who according to his own testimony, had taken the lives of at least one hundred children before being arrested. Despite the real number of victims is unknown, he was convicted for the death of at least nine children.
4. "El Maniaco de Trianon"
São Paulo, Brazil. By the first years of the decade of 1980, with increasing anxiety in the gay community due to AIDS, a male prostitute, Fortunato Botton Neto, is responsible for the death of 13 of his clients, all of them homosexuals.
5. "La Hiena de Querétaro"
1989, Querétaro, Mexico. After having a serious argument with her husband, Claudia Mijangos grabs some knives and slays her three children. Two decades later, there are still many unanswered questions about the crime, including her supposed infatuation with one of the local priests and its possible connection with the murder of her children.
6. "El Sadico"
2005, Mexico City. An ex-member of the military, Raúl Osiel Marroquín, pretends to be a homosexual and attracted four young homosexual boys to his house, where they were tortured and executed with the help of an accomplice, regardless of having been paid for their ransoms or not.
7. "La Casa del Horror"
2003, Buenos Aires, Argentina. The disappearance of nine-year-old Marela Martínez caused widespread commotion when an international effort to search for the child was established. Five months later, the bodies of two girls raped and beaten to death (including Marela's) were found at a neighbor's house. The arrest of the criminal was only part of the dark story surrounding him and the child's family.
8. "Viuda Negra"
2003, Cordoba, Argentina. The suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of a senior citizen put the police on the trail of a "Black Widow" who seduced older men in order to take possession of their assets and even poisoned some of them to death.
Third season
1. "Furia en Caracas"
2008, Caracas, Venezuela. A young woman is found murdered. Could the prime suspect, a therapist with over 50 years of experience and Venezuelan presidents among his patients, be a murderer? When police search his home, they find a stash of photographs revealing the extent of the doctor's crimes against women.
2. "Secretos de Familia"
2002, Buenos Aires, Argentina. María Marta García Belsunce is found dead. At first, it appears to be an accident, but an autopsy reveals her death to be a homicide.
3. "Entre el Amor y el Espanto"
2009, Ibagué, Colombia. A black garbage bag catches the eye of a farmer; its contents turn out to be a woman's head. When she is identified, it is revealed that she is the wife of Joaquín Aldana, a police colonel with an impeccable record who had fought Colombia's drug cartels for years, and is now the man implicated in her murder.
4. "El Atajo de la Muerte"
1998, São Paulo, Brazil. Seven-months pregnant, Patricia Aggio Longo is found in a van, shot twice. Her husband, prosecutor Igor Ferreira da Silva, claims that his wife was kidnapped. At first, the prosecutor helps investigators to locate a suspect, but after being unable to identify him, da Silva's own colleagues began to suspect that he knows more about his wife's death than he is saying.
5. "Mil Caras"
2009, Bogotá, Colombia. Alejandra Díaz Lezama is murdered, shot once in the head. Her husband, city councillor Vladimir Melo, alleges it to be a murder committed in the course of a robbery, while the police believe her death to be a professional hit. Through an informant, police arrest the killers, who reveal that Alejandra Díaz Lezama was well acquainted with the man who ordered her death.
6. "Codicia Extrema"
2004, San Vicente, Argentina. Police respond to a call from Alex Cantero and friend Tito Muñoz, who say they returned home from a night out to find Cantero's parents, Jorge and Minond, and grandmother, Norma, murdered, shot several times. When one of the friends attempt suicide, a third one comes forward to reveal that the two acted together in order win a large inheritance.
7. "La Quintrala"
2008, Santiago, Chile. Maria del Pilar Pérez López, an architect known as "La Quintrala," is found unconscious, the result of attempted suicide by painkiller overdose. Two days previously, her niece's boyfriend had been shot to death by a hitman; when the hitman is arrested, he reveals that he was paid by La Quintrala to murder her brother, but the boyfriend was shot accidentally. From here, it is revealed that the boyfriend is far from La Quintrala's only victim.
8. "Justicia para Isabella"
2009, São Paulo, Brazil. 5-year-old Isabella Nardoni falls from the sixth floor of a building and dies before arriving at the hospital. What at first appears to be a tragic accident turns sinister when forensic investigators reconstruct the crime and discover that Isabella could not have fallen, but must have been thrown from the window instead.
9. "Los Niños ya están Durmiendo"
2002, Zipacón, Colombia. Former Senator Martha Catalina Daniels Guzmán, her friend, and her driver, are found murdered in a ravine. Daniels, whose sister had once been kidnapped by FARC terrorists, was negotiating with the group for the release of hostages. At first, it is believed that Daniels was killed while negotiating a hostage release, but it is soon revealed that a former hostage, her sister, is involved in her death.
10. "Águila o Sello"
2010, Monterrey, Mexico. Víctor Castro Santillán, a student, is found murdered near some railroad tracks. At first, his death appears to be related to organized crime. However, it is soon discovered that his death is the result of a love triangle involving a French exchange student and the son of a prominent businessman and politician.
References
External links
Official website
Discovery Channel original programming
2010s Argentine television series
Argentine crime television series
2010s documentary television series
