Ramleh Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery and Memorial to the Missing is for personnel of both World Wars and the period of Mandatory Palestine. It is located in the town of Ramla in Israel.
The cemetery grounds were assigned to the United Kingdom in perpetuity by the municipality of Ramla in recognition of the sacrifices made by the British Empire in the defence and liberation of Palestine during the war. It is the largest cemetery for Commonwealth forces in Israel.
Location
The cemetery lies on a plain looking towards the hills of Judea in the general direction of Jerusalem. The location is close to the site of the Battle of Junction Station (13 to 14 November 1917). The cemetery was in use throughout the period of Mandatory Palestine, including the World War II, up to the start of May 1948. British burials of the few troops who stayed until end of June 1948 in order to finish the evacuation are buried in Khayat Beach War Cemetery in Haifa.
Noted burials
One notable grave from the World War I period is that of politician and soldier Neil Primrose. Among those buried in the cemetery are the two British sergeants, Mervyn Paice and Clifford Martin, who were hanged by the Irgun in 1947 in response to the death sentences carried out on three of their members by the British Mandate authorities.
In 2010, the grave of a British soldier named Harry Potter was listed on the Ramle's tourism website after becoming a popular tourist spot following the worldwide fame of the fictional wizard with the same name.
References
External links
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in Israel
Cemeteries in Israel
World War I memorials
World War I cemeteries
Ramla
Buildings and structures in Central District (Israel)
World War II sites in Mandatory Palestine
Allens Creek is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
William Wheatley (1786-1848) was a British Classic winning jockey of the early 19th century. His father was the 1795 Derby-winning jockey, Anthony Wheatley.
He was, according to the Sporting Magazine of 1831, "one of the best jockeys in England." He was particularly known for creeping up slowly during a race to win unexpectedly. This was shown to memorable effect in the 1831 Derby. Wheatley was booked to ride 50/1 outsider, Spaniel, a horse known for only possessing one steady pace. The race principals ran together in a tactical battle and appeared to have forgotten about Wheatley on the unfancied Spaniel, who racing at his customary pace, "came up with perfect ease... [and] won in a most triumphant style". Wheatley's ride was deemed "a splendid performance." Despite this, Spaniel has gone down in history as possibly the worst ever Derby winner. He was also known for having an untainted character, and in Spaniel's Derby he had had a £25 bet at odds of 40/1 on his mount winning, only to cancel it at the last minute, thereby missing out on £1000.
Wheatley rode the Derby winner Mameluke in some of his best races (although not the Derby itself). One of his most noted rides was in the "ever-memorable" Ascot Gold Cup when he rode Mameluke against Zinganee, ridden by Sam Chifney, Jr.
His principal patron was Lord Lowther.
William Wheatley lived up to the 1840s at Newmarket where his father and family had settled but died at Kingsland, then a small settlement in Middlesex but now part of Hackney, in February 1848 aged about 62.
Major wins
Classic races
Great Britain
2,000 Guineas – (3) – Manfred (1817), Nicolo (1823), Schahriar (1824)
Epsom Derby – (2) – Prince Leopold (1816), Spaniel (1831)
Selected other races
Ascot Gold Cup - Marcellus (1823)
References
Bibliography
British jockeys
1848 deaths
1786 births
Sumner Carruth was an officer in the volunteer army of the United States during the American Civil War. He commanded the 35th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry and eventually rose to the command of two different brigades in the IX Corps.
Pre-War
Carruth was born on December 22, 1834 in North Brookfield, Massachusetts. He worked as a machinist. At the outbreak of the Civil War he was a militia officer. His company, the Chelsea Light Infantry, was mustered into the federal service as Company H of the 1st Massachusetts Infantry in 1861. 1st Lt. Carruth was credited with the leading role in persuading the company to volunteer.
Civil War Service
On May 22, 1861, Carruth, became captain of Company H by election. He first saw combat at First Bull Run in the brigade of Col. Israel B. Richardson. Carruth next served in the Army of the Potomac during the Peninsula Campaign. The regiment was in the III Corps in the division of Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker. Carruth was present at the Battle of Yorktown (1862), where his company distinguished itself. The company also fought at the Battle of Williamsburg. Carruth was wounded in the arm at the Battle of Seven Pines, apparently missing the subsequent battles of the Peninsula Campaign.
Carruth returned to the field as a major in the newly organized 35th Massachusetts Infantry, commissioned at that rank on August 21, 1862. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel on August 27 of that year. The regiment served in IX Corps in the division of Brig. Gen. Samuel D. Sturgis. Carruth was present at the Battle of South Mountain, where the commander, Col. Edward A. Wild was wounded. Carruth succeeded to command, but he was wounded at the Battle of Antietam near Burnside's Bridge. Carruth was captured at White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia on November 11, 1862, missing the Battle of Fredericksburg.
After being exchanged, Carruth next served in IX Corps in the Department of the Ohio. He became colonel of his regiment on May 1, 1863 and served with the corps in the Siege of Vicksburg, as well as in Eastern Tennessee. Carruth led the 2nd brigade, 2nd division, IX Corps from February 2 to March 3, 1864, before the Corps was transferred back to Virginia. In Virginia, he led the same brigade in April 1864. Then he led 1st brigade, 1st division, IX Corps from April 25 to May 6, 1864. On the second day of the Battle of the Wilderness, May 6, Carruth's brigade was involved in the fighting on the Orange Plank Road. Fighting in the Wilderness alongside the troops of Brig. Gen. Alexander Webb and Brig. Gen. James Wadsworth, Carruth was felled by sunstroke and carried from the field.
Col. Carruth returned to IX Corps in the Army of the Potomac late in 1864 during the Siege of Petersburg, command his regiment. He led a brigade in the second division from January 23 to February 11, 1865, in the absence of Brig. Gen. John I. Curtin. He did so again from May 4 to June 9 of that year, serving in the Department of Washington after the Confederate surrender. Carruth was mustered out of the volunteer service on June 9, 1865. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Carruth for the award of the honorary grade of brevet brigadier general, U.S. Volunteers, to rank from April 9, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on March 12, 1866. His brevet was awarded for gallant and meritorious services in the attack on Fort Mahone on April 2, 1865 during the Third Battle of Petersburg. Maj. Gen. John G. Parke, commander of IX Corps, recommended him; and two other officers commended his regiment for its role in that action.
Post-War
Sumner Carruth married Clara Smith of Newark, New Jersey on August 18, 1862, just before leaving the 1st Massachusetts and joining the 35th regiment. The Sumner's had two daughters, Minnie Hale, born in 1863, and Clara Louise, born in 1869. Carruth farmed and served as a customs official. Sumner died in 1892 in Andover, Massachusetts and was buried in the West Parish Cemetery.
See also
1873 Massachusetts legislature
List of Massachusetts generals in the American Civil War
Massachusetts in the American Civil War
References
Sources
Frederick H. Dyer, Compendium of the War of the Rebellion, Des Moines, Ia.: Dyer Pub. Co., 1908, vol. 1.
Hunt, Roger D. and Brown, Jack R., Brevet Brigadier Generals in Blue. Olde Soldier Books, Inc., Gaithersburg, MD, 1990. .
Stewart Sifakis, Who Was Who in the Civil War, New York, N.Y. : Facts on File, c1988, p. 109.
1834 births
1892 deaths
Union Army generals
People of Massachusetts in the American Civil War
American Civil War prisoners of war
Noble Township, Ohio may refer to several places:
Noble Township, Auglaize County, Ohio
Noble Township, Defiance County, Ohio
Noble Township, Noble County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
Frampton is the fourth studio album by English rock musician Peter Frampton, released in 1975 before he went on tour and recorded Frampton Comes Alive! The most popular songs from the album are "Show Me the Way" and "Baby, I Love Your Way" which became big hits when released as singles from Frampton Comes Alive! The album peaked at #32 on the Billboard 200.
Background
Frampton left Humble Pie because that group fell into a loud, hard rock groove that overwhelmed the technical skills he'd spent years working on as a guitarist; he poured a lot of that into this highly melodic mid-tempo rock album.
Frampton's band experienced changes when keyboardist and rhythm guitar player Andy Bown decided to leave the group after a year, and once again focus on his solo career, and bassist Rick Wills decided to leave the group while touring to spend more time with his family and his baby. For this album Bown played bass, with all keyboards and guitars played by Frampton. Subsequently Frampton recruited Americans Bob Mayo (keyboards, guitars, vocals) and Stanley Sheldon (bass, vocals) for his touring band, and this group recorded the hugely successful Frampton Comes Alive live album during 1975.
The album took three weeks to write. In October 1974, Frampton recorded at Clearwell Castle in Gloucestershire, with Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio parked outside. Additional overdubs were undertaken subsequently at Olympic Studios in London.
Album information
On the album, Frampton composes in a wide range of styles, both instrumentally and vocally. The compositions feature acoustic and electric guitar textures, as apparent on "The Crying Clown", and the acoustic instrumental "Penny For Your Thoughts." Also, "Nowhere's Too Far (For My Baby)" and "Day's Dawning" are examples of melodic arena rock on the album.
Frampton's work on the album did much to enhance his reputation as a solo artist. The album went to #32 on the Billboard 200 album chart, setting the stage for his 1975 tour which would produce the blockbuster success of his double live LP Frampton Comes Alive!.
Track listing
All songs written by Peter Frampton.
Side one
"Day's Dawning" – 3:55
"Show Me the Way" – 4:02
"One More Time" – 3:19
"The Crying Clown" – 4:03
"Fanfare" – 3:28
Side two
"Nowhere's Too Far (for My Baby)" – 4:18
"Nassau" – 1:07 / "Baby, I Love Your Way" – 4:42
"Apple of Your Eye" – 3:41
"Penny for Your Thoughts" – 1:27
"(I'll Give You) Money" – 4:34
Personnel
Peter Frampton - lead vocals, lead and rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, piano, organ, talkbox, bass guitar on "Baby I Love Your Way"
Andy Bown - bass guitar
John Siomos - drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Poli Palmer - vibes on "The Crying Clown"
Production
Producer: Peter Frampton, Chris Kimsey
Engineer: Chris Kimsey, Andy Knight
Mixing: George Marino
Mastering: George Marino, Doug Sax, Arnie Acosta
Art Direction: Vartan, Roland Young, Junie Osaki
Photography: Mike Zagaris
Supervisor: Beth Stempel, Bill Levenson
Coordination: Beth Stempel, Bill Levenson
Management: Dee Anthony
Charts
Album
Certifications
References
Peter Frampton albums
1975 albums
A&M Records albums
Albums produced by Peter Frampton
Necșești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Belciug, Gârdești and Necșești.
Demography
According to the 2011 Romanian census, the population of Necșești was 1,306, a decrease from 1,623 in 2002. Out of the 1,306 inhabitants, 1,251 of them are Romanian, 54 were marked "Information not available", and one listed as "other". As for religious denomination, the majority of the residents are Romanian Orthodox, with a small minority of Seventh-day Adventists, unknown and others.
Politics and Administration
Necșești is administered by a mayor and a local council composed of 9 councilors. The current mayor, Marian-Ilie Bănăseanu, is from the Social Democratic Party, and has been in office since 2016. As of the 2020 Romanian local elections, the local council has the following composition by political parties:
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Z1 TV was a Czech news television owned and operated by J&T Group.
Z1 was the first Czech private 24-hour news channel. Since September 2009, it focused on finance, economic and business news and provided the only continuous business news service in the Czech Republic.
Z1 broadcast live every weekday between 7am and 11pm. Its business and finance news service was supplemented by business talk shows and a daily interview program with high-profile guests. The rest of the program consisted of acquired documentaries and other features. Over the weekend, Z1 broadcast documentaries and lifestyle programs.
Z1 broadcast over DVB-T, DVB-S, DVB-C and IPTV. It could also be viewed online and on mobile phones through a streaming video application.
In cooperation with T-Mobile Czech Republic, Z1 provided daily news SMS and MMS updates to subscribers.
Z1 was operated by První zpravodajská a.s., which holds a license for digital terrestrial television broadcasting in the Czech Republic. První zpravodajská a.s. is owned by J&T Finance Group, one of the leading investment firms in the Central and Eastern Europe region and Russia with diverse portfolio of assets in finance, banking, energy, utilities, real estate and corporate services.
Some of the station's anchors were Jan Zika and Ivana Šalomonová.
References
External links
In september Z1 should start in a new shape
Z1 Television launched live broadcast for iPhones
Z1 news in a mobile for free
Z1TV Live Application for iPhones
Television in the Czech Republic
Television channels and stations established in 2008
Țânțăreni is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Arpadia, Chiciora, Florești and Țânțăreni.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Belarus competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
Medalists
Biathlon
Men
Men's 4 × 7.5 km relay
Women
Women's 4 × 7.5 km relay
1 A penalty loop of 150 metres had to be skied per missed target.
2 Starting delay based on 10 km sprint results.
3 One minute added per missed target.
4 Starting delay based on 7.5 km sprint results.
Cross-country skiing
Men
Sprint
Pursuit
1 Starting delay based on 10 km C. results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
4 × 10 km relay
Women
Sprint
Pursuit
2 Starting delay based on 5 km C. results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
4 × 5 km relay
Figure skating
Men
Women
Freestyle skiing
Men
Women
Ice hockey
Men's tournament
Preliminary round - Group B
Top team (shaded) advanced to the first round.
First round - Group D
Medal round
Quarter final
Semi final
Bronze medal game
Nordic combined
Men's sprint
Events:
large hill ski jumping
7.5 km cross-country skiing
Men's individual
Events:
normal hill ski jumping
15 km cross-country skiing
Short track speed skating
Women
Ski jumping
Speed skating
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
International Olympic Committee results database
Olympic Winter Games 2002, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
Winter Olympics
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
The NCAA recognizes two different All-America selectors for the 1981 college baseball season: the American Baseball Coaches Association (since 1947) and Baseball America (since 1981).
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Nice & Slow is the fourth studio album of keyboardist Brian Culbertson released in 2001 on Atlantic Records. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and No. 2 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Overview
Artists such as Dave Koz, Jeff Lorber, Kirk Whalum, Kenny Lattimore and Herb Alpert appeared on the album.
Tracklisting
References
2001 albums
Atlantic Records albums
The 1964 Sutton Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Sutton London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Beddington and Wallington, Municipal Borough of Sutton and Cheam and Carshalton Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Barnet by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 157 candidates stood in the election for the 51 seats being contested across 25 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 42 candidates. Other candidates included 10 Residents and 3 Communists. There were 24 two-seat wards and 1 three-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. The Conservatives got 5 aldermen and Labour 3.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 9 after winning 30 of the 51 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 45.0%. This turnout included 653 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Kiri Vong District () is a district located in Takeo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 92,446.
Administration
As of 2019, Kiri Vong District has 12 communes, 115 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
Joseph Mayer (1803–1886) was an English goldsmith, antiquary and collector.
Life
The son of Samuel Mayer, a tanner and currier, he was born at Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, on 23 February 1803. At the age of 20 he settled in Liverpool as a jeweller and goldsmith: successful in business, he was able to indulge his passion for collecting. In 1860 he devoted himself to the volunteer movement, and was captain of the Liverpool borough guard. He raised and clothed at his own expense a corps of volunteers at Bebington, near Birkenhead, Cheshire, where he went to live in 1860.
Mayer retired from business in 1873, and died unmarried at Pennant House, Bebington, Cheshire, on 19 January 1886, aged 82. His private library, prints and manuscripts were dispersed by auction in 1887.
Collector
Mayer acquired many thousands of drawings, engravings, and autograph letters relating to the history of art in England. He became the possessor of large portions of the collections of William Upcott and of Thomas Dodd, the print dealer and collector. Dodd was befriended in his latter days by Mayer, in whose house he died. In 1861 Mayer was deceived into purchasing some spurious papyri of the Gospel of Matthew and other scriptures, concocted by the forger Constantine Simonides, who also induced him to publish them.
One of Mayer's earliest studies was Greek coins, his cabinet of which he sold to the French government in 1844. He opened his own museum in Colquitt Street, Liverpool. It ultimately reached great proportions, and embraced Egyptian antiquities, prehistoric and ethnographic curiosities, glass and pottery (especially Wedgwood ware; British and Anglo-Saxon antiquities, including W. H. Rolfe's collection and that of Saxon sepulchral remains made by Bryan Faussett. For this collection Mayer printed in 1856 a catalogue and history, compiled for him by Charles Roach Smith, entitled Inventorium Sepulchrale. Other sections of the museum contained antique ivories, gems and rings, enamels, miniatures, and metalwork.
Patronage
A number of books were printed wholly or in part at Mayer's expense, among them being:
Sprott's Chronicle, edited by Dr. William Bell, 1851.
Anglo-Saxon and Old English Vocabularies, edited by Thomas Wright, 2 vols. 1857 and 1873; a second edition, edited by Richard Paul Wülcker, was brought out in 1884.
Feudal Manuals of English History, edited by Thomas Wright, 1872.
He assisted largely in the publication of Benjamin Thorpe's Diplomatarium Anglicum Ævi Saxonici, 1865, and he supplied Eliza Meteyard with most of the materials for her Life of Wedgwood and Group of Englishmen.
Works
Mayer was one of the founders of the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire, of which he was president from 1866 to 1869. He contributed the following among other papers to its Transactions:
The Mock Mayor at Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Roscoe and the Influence of his Writings on the Fine Arts.
Shotwick Church.
Liverpool Pottery.
The Arming of Levies in the Hundred of Wirral.
Addresses as President.
The Preparations of the County of Kent to resist the Spanish Armada.
On the Art of Pottery.
In 1876, he printed a volume on Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool, with some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs.
Legacy
His museum, valued at £80,000, was presented by Mayer to the corporation of Liverpool in 1867, and became part of the public museum in William Brown Street there. It is now at the World Museum. Objects include the Anglo-Saxon Kingston Brooch. He had previously disposed of a collection of objects of art relating to the Bonaparte family, but at the death of the owner (Mr. Mather) it was bequeathed to the corporation.
In 1866, Mayer established a free library of twenty thousand volumes in Bebington, and endowed it. The library stood in public grounds (six acres), which he also dedicated to the use of the people. He founded two scholarships at the Newcastle-under-Lyme high school, and presented drawings and pictures.
A marble statue of Mayer, by Giovanni Fontana, was placed by the Liverpool corporation in St. George's Hall in September 1869. His portrait was presented by subscribers to the Bebington Free Library in 1872. Another portrait as a young man, painted by William Daniels, was in the Mayer Museum, Liverpool; it is now in the Walker Art Gallery.
References
Attribution
External links
Mayer Trust page
1803 births
1886 deaths
Businesspeople from Liverpool
English antiquarians
People from Newcastle-under-Lyme
English jewellers
English goldsmiths
19th-century English businesspeople
Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire
Tuidraki is Fijian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aisea Tuidraki (1916–1966), Fijian cricketer
Patiliai Tuidraki (1969–2002), Fijian rugby union player
Fijian-language surnames
The Estrie-Mauricie Junior AA Hockey League is a Canadian junior ice hockey league in the Estrie and Mauricie Regions of Quebec. The league is sanctioned by Hockey Quebec and Hockey Canada and its winner competes annually for the Coupe Dodge.
History
In 2008-09 and 2009–10, the EMJAAHL became just the Estrie Junior AA Hockey League as Mauricie did not enter any teams to play.
In 2010-11, the Estrie League played a joint season with Richelieu Junior AA Hockey League to increase the field of play. Mauricie returned to the fold in 2011-12 and the EMJAAHL was restored.
2006 Coupe Dodge
The Plessisville V. Boutin were 2006 Estrie-Mauricie playoff champions. With their victory, the V. Boutin gained entry into the Coupe Dodge tournament in Gatineau, Quebec. In the preliminary round, Plessisville defeated the Delta Ducs 4-2 and the Jonquiere Marquis 4-3. In the elimination round, Plessisville began by defeating the Suroit Express 3-2 in overtime. In the quarter-final, they defeated the West Island Royals 4-2 and in the semi-final they beat the Trois-Pistoles Rebels 9-0. Their wins set them up for a rematch against Jonquiere for the Quebec Junior AA Crown. The game would go into overtime, but Plessisville V. Boutin would win 1-0 in the extra frame to take home the Coupe Dodge.
2010 Coupe Dodge
Windsor Momo Sports Excellence would win the 2010 Estrie-Mauricie title and gain entry into the Coupe Dodge tournament in the rival town of Plessisville, Quebec. They would begin the provincial championship by defeating La Baie Nationals 6-0. They then beat Rivere-du-Loop CIEL FM 3-1. In the elimination they defeated the Suroit Express 6-4 and then the Beauport Harfangs 6-5 in the quarter-final. In the semi-final, Windsor beat the Montreal-Nord Nordiques 5-1 and then beat the Lorraine-Rosemere Nationals in the finals by the same score to clinch the Coupe Dodge as Quebec Junior AA Champions.
2015-2016
The Estrie-Mauricie league has decided to suspend its activities for at least one season after the organization of the "Hockey Experts de Sherbrooke" has announced that the team will not be back in 2016-2017. The organizers of the Laurentides-Lanaudière Junior AA Hockey League have agreed to welcome Pétroles Propane A.A. Courchesne de Nicolet, les Draveurs Trois-Rivières and les Braves de Farnham. Plessiville de V Boutin is playing in the Chaudiere-Appalaches Junior AA Hockey League this season.
Teams
Playoff Champions
Bolded are Coupe Dodge provincial champions.
2006 Plessisville V. Boutin
2007 Windsor Sport Wellington
2008 Coaticook Frontaliers
2009 St-Cyrille Cyclones
2010 Windsor Momo Sports Excellence
2011 Plessisville V. Boutin
2012 Sherbrooke-Ouest Hockey Experts
2013 St-Tite Mustangs
2014 Cowansville Nordik
2015 Plessisville V. Boutin
2016 Plessisville V. Boutin (E)/Trois-Rivieres Draveurs (M)
References
External links
EMJAAHL Website
B
B
Organizations based in Sherbrooke
Hockey Quebec
Rai 4 (pronounced Rai Quattro) is an Italian free-to-air television channel owned and operated by state-owned public broadcaster RAI – Radiotelevisione italiana. Launched on 14 July 2008 with the film Elephant, Rai 4 targets youths with films, TV series and anime.
History
Rai 4 was launched, after a countdown, on 14 July 2008 at 21:00 CEST with the broadcast of the film Elephant. In the starting phase, it mainly had cult TV series, films, in addition to the "home runs" of L'Isola dei Famosi and X Factor (both programs on Rai 2).
The management was entrusted to Carlo Freccero from the launch date until 4 August 2013, followed by the interim of Luigi Gubitosi until mid-October.
The management was originally the responsibility of RaiSat, which also took care of packaging channels exclusively for Sky Italia. RaiSat was supposed to manage the channel for three years, but due to the decision to close the company on 27 April 2010, the management of Rai 4 passed directly to Rai.
Since 2012, Rai 4 has offered some short news bulletins made by the editorial staff of Rai News24.
Since June 2012, a second audio channel has been active on which the original audio of many of the films and series broadcast by the channel is available.
From 17 October 2013, the Rai board of directors decided to merge the channel under the management of Rai Gold.
Since 2014 it has broadcast both semifinals of the Eurovision Song Contest.
From 13 September 2015 Rai 4 becomes visible on the Sky Italia platform at position 104.
On 7 December 2015 Rai 4 launches a new afternoon slot dedicated to anime, in addition to the Thursday night space. After the experimentation with the anime company Dynit. WIth Sword Art Online and Steins;Gate already broadcast at night, this band is dedicated to the transmission of Fairy Tail, the first anime to be purchased and voiced directly by the channel.
As announced by Rai itself during the IV meeting with Tivùsat, Rai 4 started broadcasting in high definition from 22 January 2016 on channels 110 and on Sky Italia channel 104.
From 18 February 2016 the channel, together with the others belonging to the Rai Gold structure, has been entrusted to Angelo Teodoli, former director of Rai 2.
The same year the sport debuts: it broadcasts the opening concert of Euro 2016 commented by Filippo Solibello and Marco Ardemagni (former ESC commentators) and the 27 games of which Rai has the rights with the commentary of Gialappa's band under the title Rai dire Europeans. Given the success of this experiment, the trio will comment on Italy's friendlies and qualifying matches for the 2018 FIFA World Cup under the title Rai dire Nazionale.
From 12 September 2016 Rai 4 changes the logo together with Rai 1, Rai 2, and Rai 3, and color, passing from magenta to purple.
From 19 September 2016, the high-definition version also lands on digital terrestrial, on the Mux 5.
The official speaker of the network is Massimo Lodolo.
From 8 to 14 July 2018, on the occasion of the channel's 10th anniversary, a special promo graphic will be introduced, a contest in which birthday wishes can be made, and a new slogan: Ten years into the future. Furthermore, the hashtag # Rai4diecianni appears under the logo.
On 13 September 2018, following the non-renewal of the contract, the channel leaves the Sky Italia platform.
Logos and identities
Programming
A few programmes include:
Battlestar Galactica
Being Erica
Beverly Hills, 90210
Blossom
Breaking Bad
Charmed
Doctor Who
Dream On
Eurovision Song Contest (Semi-Finals)
Heroes
Misfits
NUMB3RS
Once Upon a Time
Primeval
Private Practice
Spider Riders
Switched at Birth
Two and a Half Men
The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air
Underbelly
Anime
From 24 September 2009 Rai 4 has added several Japanese anime to its programming, mostly on Rai 1. The main appointment was immediately the space of Thursday night, which usually proposed two episodes of different series. There were also transmission spaces in the morning at the weekend, in which other works found space: in the first months they were located both on Saturday and Sunday morning, but already from January 2010 they began to use only on Sundays. The morning slot was last used in the 2013/2014 season. Finally, in the summer, replicas of products already broadcast were mainly proposed.
Starting from 7 December 2015, in addition to the Thursday evening slot, an afternoon slot was introduced designed for the transmission of Fairy Tail, the first anime purchased and dubbed directly by the channel. For the first weeks, the network offered reruns of two souls broadcast on Thursday night (Sword Art Online and Steins;Gate), with the aim of making the band known to the public, and then continue, from 11 January 2016, with the broadcasting of Fairy Tail, with the double episode: to be precise, the first is the replica of the second episode of the previous day, while the second is the new episode. There are also almost always reruns of the latest episodes broadcast early in the morning and at night. However, from June 2016 Fairy Tail was moved to nighttime, and on 4 August 2016, the series was definitively suspended after the broadcast of episode 149. This maneuver, combined with the failure to confirm the time slot on Thursday evening, marked up to today the end of the programming of anime on the channel.
Below is the list of anime series broadcast by Rai 4 from 2009 to 2016: all of these were purchased, dubbed, and distributed by home video distribution companies, which granted a broadcast license to the channel.
Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day
Aria
Attack of Titan Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion Den-noh Coil Eureka Seven Ergo Proxy Fairy Tails (The only anime to have been purchased and dubbed directly by the channel).
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya Love Com Puella Magi Madoka Magica Penguindrum Nana Noein: To Your Other Self Planetes Psycho-Pass Romeo × Juliet Gurren Lagann Soul Eater Special A Steins;Gate Sword Art Online Toradora! Tokyo Magnitude 8.0 Welcome to the N.H.K.''
References
External links
Official website
Italian-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2008
4
Movie channels
Classic television networks
Chong Kal District is a district in Oddar Meancheay province in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 18,843.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Chong Kal district by commune.
References
Districts of Oddar Meanchey province
Carenum cupripenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1863.
References
cupreomarginatum
Beetles described in 1863
Priscilla Napier (5 October 1908 – 10 October 1998) was an English writer, specializing in biography.
Early life and education
Born in Oxford in 1908, Hayter was the daughter of Sir William Hayter, an adviser to the Egyptian government, and his wife, Alethea Slessor, daughter of a Hampshire rector. Her brother, Sir William Goodenough Hayter (1906–1995), became British ambassador to the Soviet Union and Warden of New College, Oxford, while her sister Alethea Hayter (1911–2006) was a literary biographer. She spent her early years in Cairo, and later wrote of her mother and her aunts that they were "true Victorians: not in a general way frightened of murder and sudden death, but perfectly terrified of insects".
Napier was educated at Downe House School, in Berkshire, which was then under the headship of its founder Olive Willis, and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where she graduated (like her sister Alethea three years later) BA in modern history.
Career
At the age of twenty-two, Priscilla Hayter married Trevylyan Michael Napier born 21 June 1901 Kensington London, a Royal Navy officer and a scion of the Napier family of Merchiston. A Napier ancestor had arrived in Somerset from Scotland in the reign of Henry VII, and Trevylyan Napier's father, like his grandfather, was a vice-admiral. After her husband was killed on active service in 1940, Priscilla Napier was left to bring up their son and two daughters. She then developed a writing career based on studies of her dead husband's family. She also published poetry and an autobiography.
Publications
A Late Beginner (autobiography, 1966)
The Sword Dance: Lady Sarah Lennox and the Napiers (1971)
A Difficult Country: the Napiers in Scotland (1972)
Revolution and the Napier Brothers, 1820-1840 (1973)
I Have Sind: Charles Napier in India, 1841-1844 (Michael Russell Publishing, 1990, )
Raven Castle: Charles Napier in India, 1844-1851 (1991)
Bishop Theophan's The Art of Prayer (translation)
A Memoir of the Lady Delia Peel, Born Spencer, 1889-1981 (1984)
Ballad of King Henry VIII and Sir Thomas Wyatt (1994, long poem, with foreword by Ted Hughes)
Black Charlie, a life of Admiral Sir Charles Napier (1995)
Barbarian Eye: Lord Napier in China, 1834 (1995)
Henry at Sea (1997)
Henry Ashore (1997)
References
1908 births
1998 deaths
Alumni of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford
People educated at Downe House School
English autobiographers
English biographers
Writers from Oxford
Gertrude Niesen (July 8, 1911 – March 27, 1975) was an American torch singer, actress, comedian, and songwriter who achieved popular success in musicals and films in the 1930s and 1940s.
Early years
Niesen was born aboard ship as her Swedish father and Russian mother returned from a vacation in Europe. As a child, she hoped for a career on stage and began performing in vaudeville. She attended Brooklyn Heights Seminary, where she found and developed an interest in music.
Career
Niesen began singing as a career in the early 1930s, performing on radio and in night clubs. She first appeared on film (credited as Gertrude Nissen) with Roger Wolfe Kahn and His Orchestra and Artie Shaw in a Vitaphone short film, Yacht Party (1932).
On old-time radio, Niesen was the featured singer on The Ex-Lax Big Show on CBS and host of The Show Shop (1942), on NBC-Blue. She left The Ex-Lax Big Show in the summer of 1935 to sing leads in musical productions of the St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre.
She recorded for Victor, Columbia, and Brunswick in the 1930s, and in 1933 was the first to record the song "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes", by Jerome Kern and Otto Harbach.
She appeared in the Broadway musical Calling All Stars in 1934 and in the Ziegfeld Follies of 1936. Her Broadway credits also include Follow the Girls (1944) and Take a Chance (1932).
Niesen's singing at a cafe in Hollywood led to her signing a contract with Universal. She also began to appear regularly in movies, including Top of the Town (1937), in which she sang four songs, Start Cheering (1938), and A Night at Earl Carroll's (1940), in which she sang a song that she co-wrote, "I Want to Make with the Happy Times". Her other films included Rookies on Parade (1941), This Is the Army (1943), He's My Guy (1943), and The Babe Ruth Story (1948). She co-starred with Jackie Gleason in the 1944 stage musical Follow the Girls, in which she sang "I Want to Get Married", one of her better-known songs. She recorded for Decca Records throughout the 1940s, and released a self-titled LP for the label in 1951. She also appeared on many radio shows and on TV in the early 1950s.
Personal life and death
Niesen married Chicago nightclub owner Al Greenfield in Las Vegas on July 19, 1943. The couple divorced but remarried in 1954, remaining married until Niesen's death in Kaiser Permanente Hospital in Hollywood, California in 1975, aged 63, after a long illness.
Selected filmography
Start Cheering (1938)
Rookies on Parade (1941)
This Is the Army (1943)
Thumbs Up (1943)
The Babe Ruth Story (1948)
References
External links
1911 births
1975 deaths
Singers from New York City
Actresses from New York City
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
American film actresses
American musical theatre actresses
20th-century American actresses
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
Formby Lake is a lake in Alberta, Canada.
Formby Lake takes its name from Formby, in England.
See also
List of lakes of Alberta
References
Lakes of Alberta
Khalid Khozh-Baudiyevich Kadyrov (, ; born 19 April 1994) is a Russian footballer who currently plays as a left winger for the Russian Premier League team FC Akhmat Grozny.
Career
Kadyrov made his professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
Kadyrov made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Terek Grozny on 6 May 2012 in a game against FC Amkar Perm.
Career statistics
Club
Personal life
Kadyrov is a nephew of Chechen politician Ramzan Kadyrov.
References
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
1994 births
People from Gudermessky District
Russian people of Chechen descent
Chechen people
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Russia under-21 international footballers
FC Akhmat Grozny players
Russian Premier League players
Sportspeople from Chechnya
Enterprise Magazine was a Canadian bimonthly business magazine that was in circulation between 1998 and April 2020.
History and profile
It was launched in 1998 as Small Business Canada Magazine. The name change to Enterprise was made in January 2005 as its readership grew to include small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) across Canada.
Based in Barrie, Ontario, Enterprise was published four times a year. Its frequency switched to bimonthly later. It was first owned by Typgrafika Inc of Barrie, Ontario. The publisher was Hayden R. Bradshaw. As of 2015 it was published by Central 1. The magazine ceased publication after the March/April 2020 issue due to low readership.
References
External links
Official website
1998 establishments in Ontario
2020 disestablishments in Ontario
Bi-monthly magazines published in Canada
Business magazines published in Canada
Defunct magazines published in Canada
Magazines established in 1998
Magazines disestablished in 2020
Magazines published in Ontario
Mass media in Barrie
Organizations related to small and medium-sized enterprises
Quarterly magazines published in Canada
Elbert H. Smith was the author of the best selling epic poem Ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak in 1839.
References
Full text of Ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak
19th-century American poets
American male poets
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
19th-century male writers
Quest: An African Journal of Philosophy is an academic journal publishing philosophical discussions on problems that arise out of the radical transformations Africa and Africans are undergoing. Quest includes materials on both current subjects related to Africa, and subjects of general philosophical interest, serving an international public of professional philosophers and intellectuals in other disciplines with philosophical interest. Quest publishes original articles written in either English or French, each with a summary in the other language.
External links
Philosophy journals
African studies journals
Multilingual journals
Publications established in 1987
Biannual journals
Brecon Guildhall (), is a municipal building in the High Street, Brecon, Powys, Wales. The structure, which is the meeting place of Brecon Town Council, is a Grade II listed building.
History
The first municipal building in the town was a Tudor era guildhall which was completed in 1556. This was replaced by a structure designed by John Abel of Hereford which was timber-framed and completed in 1624. The building was arcaded on the ground floor, so that markets could be held, with an assembly hall on the first floor. At roof level, it featured three gables with a sundial, which was inscribed with the words Soles Nobis Pereunt et Imputantur (English: The hours are consumed and will be charged to our account), installed in the centre gable.
After the second guildhall became dilapidated, the floors above ground were demolished and a new structure was commissioned in 1770. The new building was designed in the neoclassical style, built by Andrew Maund in ashlar stone on the ground floor with a stucco finish on the first floor, and was completed in 1771. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with three bays facing onto the High Street. The ground floor featured three round headed openings with voussoirs, while the first floor was fenestrated by sash windows with architraves and pediments, the central pediment being segmental and the outer pediments being triangular. The whole structure was surmounted by a modillioned pediment with a further sash window, with a triangular pediment, in the tympanum. Internally, the principal rooms were a market hall and an armoury on the ground floor and an assembly hall on the first floor.
The building was refurbished at the expense of the former local member of parliament, Sir Charles Morgan, 1st Baronet, for £500 in 1809 and remodelled at the expense of the High Sheriff of Brecknockshire, Lieutenant-Colonel John Morgan, of Lion Street, Brecon, for £3,000 in 1889: the remodelling involved the infilling of the arcading on the ground floor to create a mayor's parlour and a courtroom on that floor. The building was used as the meeting place of Brecon Borough Council but also as a local events venue: events held in the guildhall included a meeting calling for the abolition of slavery in February 1826 and a meeting calling for women's suffrage in January 1915. In January 1919, John Williams, who had been awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879 during the Anglo-Zulu War and who had re-enlisted to serve at Brecon Barracks in 1914 at the start of the First World War, attended the town hall to receive a presentation in recognition of his service in the recent war.
The building continued to serve as the meeting place of the borough council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Brecknock District Council was formed in 1974. Instead it became the meeting place of Brecon Town Council. The Brecon Jazz Festival, which started in 1984, was held annually in the guildhall until the Theatr Brycheiniog was completed in 1997. The singer Charlotte Church performed at a concert in the guildhall in August 2012.
Works of art in the town hall include a portrait by Hans Schadow of the opera singer, Adelina Patti, who lived at Craig-y-Nos Castle, and a portrait by Isaac Cooke of Gwenllian Morgan, the first woman in Wales to hold the office of mayor.
References
Grade II listed buildings in Powys
Government buildings completed in 1771
City and town halls in Wales
Brecon
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Ohio, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1803, Ohio has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Ohio is considered a swing state, being won by either the Democratic or Republican candidates from election to election. As a swing state, Ohio is usually targeted by both major-party campaigns, especially in competitive elections. Pivotal in the election of 1888, Ohio has been a regular swing state since 1980.
Additionally, Ohio is considered a bellwether. Historian R. Douglas Hurt asserts that not since Virginia "had a state made such a mark on national political affairs". The Economist notes that "This slice of the mid-west contains a bit of everything American—part north-eastern and part southern, part urban and part rural, part hardscrabble poverty and part booming suburb". In the time since the Civil War, Ohio has had five misses (all Democratic winners nationally) in the Presidential election (Grover Cleveland in 1884 and 1892, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944, John F. Kennedy in 1960, and Joe Biden in 2020), and prior to the 2020 election it also had the longest consistent perfect streak of any state, voting for the winning presidential candidate in each election from 1964 to 2016 — a streak that ended when Joe Biden won in 2020. No Republican has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio, and since the advent of the duopoly two-party system, Democrats have won the presidency without winning Ohio only five times, in the elections noted above.
Winners of the state are in bold.
Party abbreviations:
D = Democratic
R = Republican
D-R = Democratic-Republican
Fed. = Federalist
Prog. = Progressive (three distinct parties in 1912, 1924 and 1948, respectively)
Am. Ind. = American Independent Party (1968)
States' Rights D = States' Rights Democrats ("Dixiecrats") of 1948
Lib. R = Liberal Republican Party ("Mugwumps") in 1872
Const'l Union = Constitutional Union Party (1860)
N. Dem = Northern Democratic Party (1860)
S. Dem = Southern Democratic Party (1860)
Nat'l R = National Republican Party (1828 & 1832, later merging into the Whig Party).
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Note: The national popular vote (from 18 of 24 states, the other six had electors chosen by the state legislature) was Jackson 41.36%, Adams 30.92%, Clay 12.99% and Crawford 11.21%. After none of the candidates had a majority on the electoral college, Adams won the contingent election in the House of Representatives.
Elections from 1804 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all eight of Ohio's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Ohio
Notes
References
Planet Comics was a science fiction comic book title published by Fiction House from January 1940 to Winter 1953. It was the first comic book dedicated wholly to science fiction. Like most of Fiction House's early comics titles, Planet Comics was a spinoff of a pulp magazine, in this case Planet Stories. Like the magazine before it, Planet Comics features space operatic tales of muscular, heroic space adventurers who are quick with their "ray pistols" and always running into gorgeous women who need rescuing from bug-eyed space aliens or fiendish interstellar bad guys.
Publication history
Planet Comics #1 was released with a cover-date of January 1940, and ran for 73 issues until Winter 1953. Initially produced on a monthly schedule, issue #8 (September 1940) saw it slip to a bimonthly title, which it held until the end of 1949. From issue #26 (September 1943), "Planet Comics was cut to 60 pages," resulting in the merging of two strips: Flint Baker and Reef Ryan. Issue #63 (Winter 1949) began a quarterly release schedule, but #64, #65, and #66 were ultimately released annually, dated Spring 1950, 1951, and 1952, respectively. Issue #67 (Summer 1952) got the comic back on its quarterly release schedule, but the title only lasted a further seven issues, with its last (#73) again delayed for over a year, following issue #72 (Fall 1953).
Style and Themes
Planet Comics was the foremost purveyor of good girl art in comic books of the period, and is considered highly collectible by modern fans of comics' Golden Age. It specialized in colorful and lurid stories of interstellar action, ingenuous and attractive heroes and heroines, breezy dialogue, and the “barest smattering of sense and substance” (Benton 1992, p. 27). Its covers usually featured a beautiful, scantily-attired spacewoman with long bare legs being menaced by a frightful alien monster, while a sleek, heroic spaceman comes to her rescue.
Sometimes, though, Planet Comics reversed this formula: both covers and stories occasionally provided heroines who handily defeated the space aliens and interplanetary villains with little or no assistance from males (the comic was also seen as a fantasy title). Cynics might have noted that this sex-equality strategy in effect simply multiplied the number of lovely girls shown per panel, and insured that each and every panel featured at least one smashing spacegirl.
Writers
The Flint Baker/Space Ranger stories, according to Raymond Miller, "featured such writers as Al Schmidt and Huxley Haldane." Jerry Bails and Hames Ware's Who's Who of American Comic Books mentions Herman Bolstein and Dick Briefer.
Bails and Ware also list writers including Walter B. Gibson (The Shadow) and Frank Belknap Long, as working on "various features" for Planet Comics throughout the 1940s.
Artists
The strong female heroines of Planet Comics were complemented by Fiction House's employing several female artists to work on such tales, particularly Lily Renée, Marcia Snyder, Ruth Atkinson, and Fran(ces) Hopper (née Dietrick), whose art for "Mysta of the Moon" was often stunning. In addition, many artists who would become well-known names worked on Planet Comics stories over its 13-year history. These included the likes of Murphy Anderson, Matt Baker, Nick Cardy, Joe Doolin, Graham Ingels, George Evans, Ruben Moreira, John Cullen Murphy, George Tuska, and Maurice Whitman.
The early covers were drawn by industry legend Will Eisner. Later covers were predominantly the work of two men — Dan Zolnerowich (later Dan Zolne) and Joe Doolin. Zolne is believed to have produced covers for issues #10-25 (January 1941 – July 1943), and Doolin is thought to have illustrated all-bar-three of #26-65 (September 1943 – Spring 1951).
Reception and influence
While young male readers were no doubt attracted to the pin-up quality of Planet Comicss artwork, letters from readers printed in the comic demonstrate that its readership also included girls, who were perhaps drawn to the array of competent and capable space heroines (Benton 1991, p. 31).
Planet Comics was considered by noted fan Raymond Miller to be "perhaps the best of the Fiction House group," as well as "most collected and most valued." In Miller's opinion, it "wasn't really featuring good art or stories... in the first dozen or so issues," not gaining most of "its better known characters" until "about the 10th issue." "Only 3 of [It's] long running strips started with the first issue... Flint Baker, Auro - Lord of Jupiter, and the Red Comet."
The comics historian John Benton offers this summary: “Planet Comics was the epitome of breezy, sexy, mindless, action-filled science fiction. In many respects [it was] a throwback to the earlier science fiction magazines and simpler times.”.
Other extra features included "Spurt Hammond", human defender of the Planet Venus, who appeared c. issues #1-12 (or #8-13), created and drawn by Henry C. Kiefer. "Captain Nelson Cole", later an officer in the Space Patrol, appeared in solo adventures c. issues #1-14 (or #8-14) and was originated by Alex Blum. "Crash Barker" (also "P"arker) was one of several space heroes, drawn — and possibly written — by Charles Quinlan for issue #6 (or #8), running until #16 by other artists. Another space hero, "Buzz Crandall", also had adventures around this time, drawn by artists including Gene Fawcette. "Cosmo Corrigan" and "Don Granval" also appeared in three to four issues around #8/9-11.
Other less notable short-lived strips included "Quorak, Super Pirate", "Amazona the Mighty Woman", "Tiger Hart" (whose one adventure was drawn by Fletcher Hanks using the pseudonym "Carlson Merrick"), "Space Admiral Curry", and "Planet Payson".
See also
Planetary romance
Further reading
"Mysta of the Moon" in Divas, Dames & Daredevils: Lost Heroines of Golden Age Comics'' by Mike Madrid, Exterminating Angel Press (2013)
References
External links
Index of Planet Comics issues
Female artists of Fiction House
Humorous commentary on a typical Spurt Hammond story
Download issues of Planet Comics
Science fiction comics
Comics anthologies
Public domain comics
Space opera comics
Golden Age comics titles
Kenneth Ian Hodgson (born 24 February 1960) is a South African born former English cricketer. Hodgson was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Port Elizabeth, Cape Province.
Hodgson made his debut for Buckinghamshire in the 1980 Minor Counties Championship against Hertfordshire. Hodgson played Minor counties cricket for Buckinghamshire from 1980 to 1987, which included 39 Minor Counties Championship matches and 6 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. His first-class debut came for Cambridge University in 1981 against Essex. He played a further 26 first-class matches for the university, the last of which came against Oxford University in 1983. As an all-rounder, Hodgson scored 633 runs at an average of 25.32, with a high score of exactly 50, which came against Lancashire in 1982. With the ball, he took 55 wickets at 38.05 a piece, with best figures of 8/68. His best figures came against Glamorgan in 1982, with Hodgson taking his only five-wicket haul in Glamorgans' first-innings, while in their second-innings he took 2 wickets, therefore not only giving him his only five wicket haul, but also his only ten wicket haul in a match. While attending Cambridge University, Hodgson made his List A debut for Combined Universities against Kent in the 1981 Benson & Hedges Cup. He played List A cricket for the team on 5 further occasions spread over the 1982 Benson & Hedges Cup and 1983 Benson & Hedges Cup. He scored 60 runs for Combined Universities at an average of 12, while making a high score of 41. While with the ball, Hodgson took 7 wickets for the team at an average of 25.71, with best figures of 3/30.
While undertaking his studies at Cambridge University, Hodgson still managed to play for Buckinghamshire. He made his first List A appearance for the county in the 1984 NatWest Trophy against Lancashire. He played 4 further List A match for the county, the last coming against Kent in the 1988 NatWest Trophy. His 5 appearances in limited-overs cricket for Buckinghamshire yielded him 51 runs at an average of 10.20, with a high score of 24. He bowled a total of 24 overs for Buckinghamshire, though without taking a wicket. His playing time with Buckinghamshire finished at the end of the 1987 season.
References
External links
Ian Hodgson at ESPNcricinfo
Ian Hodgson at CricketArchive
1960 births
Living people
People from Port Elizabeth
English sportspeople of South African descent
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
English cricketers
Buckinghamshire cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
British Universities cricketers
The Billboard Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Its data, published by Billboard magazine and compiled by Nielsen SoundScan, is based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, as well as airplay and streaming. At the end of a year, Billboard will publish an annual list of the 100 most successful songs throughout that year on the Hot 100 chart based on the information. For 2017, the list was published on December 11, calculated with data from December 3, 2016 to November 25, 2017.
"Closer" by The Chainsmokers featuring Halsey was listed within the top 10 for the second year in a row, making it only the third song in history to achieve this, after Elton John's "Candle in the Wind 1997" and LeAnn Rimes' "How Do I Live", both of which were ranked in the top ten of the 1997 and 1998 lists.
Ed Sheeran was named the top Hot 100 artist of 2017. He scored the number-one Hot 100 song of the year with "Shape of You", one of two songs he placed on the list.
Year-end list
See also
2017 in American music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 2017
List of Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles in 2017
References
United States Hot 100 Year-End
Billboard charts
2017 in American music
Erigeron formosissimus is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name beautiful fleabane.
Erigeron formosissimus is native to the western United States. It has been found in Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, the Black Hills of South Dakota, eastern Idaho, and southern Montana.
Erigeron formosissimus is a perennial herb up to 55 centimeters (22 inches) in height, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. It produces 1-6 flower heads per stem, each head as many as 150 white, pink, purple, or blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
Varieties
Erigeron formosissimus var. viscidus (Rydberg) Cronquist - Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, South Dakota, Wyoming
Erigeron formosissimus var. formosissimus - Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, South Dakota, Utah
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in New Mexico in 1897, isotype of Erigeron formosissimus
formosissimus
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1898
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Yashar Nuri (; September 3, 1951 – November 22, 2012) was an Azerbaijani film, television and theater actor and a member of the Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre. He appeared in more than fifty Azerbaijani and Soviet era films, as well as more than 100 television and stage roles.
Biography
He was born in the family of actor Mamedsadig Nuriyev and first appeared on stage at the age of 11, playing the role of Tapdyga in the play "Toy Kimindir?" ("Whose wedding is this?") At the Azerbaijan State Theater of Musical Comedy. While studying at school, he was a child and youth programmer, participated in drama circles.
In 1968 he graduated from secondary school No. 173 in Baku and entered the faculty of film acting of the Azerbaijan State Institute of Arts for the course of Rza Takhmasib and Aligeydar Alekperov. During his studies he played roles in several productions, including "Sevil" (Balash), "Wedding" (Salmanov) and "Guilty Without Guilt" (Neznamov).
In 1972, after graduating from the institute, he served in the army for a year and, having returned, worked as an actor in the educational theater of the Institute. In 1974, at the invitation of the chief director of the Academic National Drama Theater, he was accepted into the acting company of the collective.
In 1975, he married Rakhime khanum, who was a doctor. They had two daughters (Ulkar, Ulviyya). He was sick for a long time and in 2011 was in intensive care. Yashar Nuri died on the morning of November 22, 2012 in Baku.
Creation
Nuri starred in about 50 feature films and more than 100 television productions. Many of the television dramas in which he starred in the main role, entered the gold fund of Azerbaijani television. Among them,"When Roads Meet"( Yollar görüşəndə), "Life Paths" (Ömrün yolları), "Houses Along" (Evləri köndələn yar), ("The Disturbed Piano" ) and "Gatarda" ("In the train")s. He appears in the films "Bayin Ogurlanmasy" ("The Abduction of the Bridegroom"), "Yaramaz" ("Bastard"), "Jokhlama" ("Check"), "Yol Echvalates" ("Road Accident"). In addition to the theater, Yashar Nuri collaborated with radio. He was a participant in humorous radio programs ("Good Morning", "Evening of Laughter"). In the film studio "Azerbaijanfilm" he voiced local films and dubbed foreign films. Y. Nuri was also the director of a number of films and performances. He was the director of the movie "Thank you" (Спасибо).
Anniversaries
Y. Nuri's jubilees are always held solemnly. In 1981, in the 30-year anniversary of Y. Nuri, he was awarded the title of People's Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR for the first time. In 1991, for his role in the film "Bastard" received a state award. In 1996, for the 45th birthday of the actor, in 2001, for the 50th anniversary, feature films "Yashar of Our Scene" ("səhnəmizin Yaşarı"), "Yashar is whom he is" (Yashar olduğu kimi) were made. In 2011, the 60th anniversary of Yashar Nuri was celebrated at the Azerbaijan State Academic National Drama Theater.
In 1989, he was named a People's Artist of Azerbaijan, as the country was part of the Soviet Union at the time, and awarded the Shohrat Order. Born in Baku on September 3, 1951, Nuri died on November 22, 2012, at the age of 61.
Filmography
1974 - Winds blow in Baku (Bakıda küləklər əsir) - soldier, voice
1975 - Apple as an apple (Alma almaya bənzər) - Mehti, voice
1975 -Four Sunday (Dörd bazar günü) - Seyran
1976 - Look for us in the mountains (Bizi dağlarda axtarın) - Geologist
1976 - Mesozoic history (Mezozoy əhvalatı) - Rauf
1977 - Birthday (Ad günü) - Eldar
1977 - The Lion left the house (Şir evdən getdi) - Dad
1983 - Music teacher (Musiqi müəllimi) - Bashir
1983 - Hash with music - translator
1985 - The bridegroom was stolen (Bəyin oğurlanması) - Israfil
1987 - Sureia - Musa
1987 - The Devil Under the Windshield (Şeytan göz qabağında)
1989 - Bastard (Yaramaz) - Mashalla
1990 - Diversion (Təxribat) - Rahimov
1990 - The day of execution (Qətl günü) - Mahmud
1991 - Gazelkhan - Director
1991 - The Window- Nasib
1997 - All for the Better (Hər şey yaxşılığa doğru) - Abdulgani
1999 - How wonderful this world is (Nə gözəldir bu dünya...) - director of a psychiatric hospital
2000 - Bremen Town Musicians & Co-Guard of the King
2003 - The Black Mark - The Pilot
2003 - Mähällä
2003 - National bomb producer (Milli bomba) - Abdulgani
2005 - Template: Be a man
Ranks and awards
1981 - Honored Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR.
1989 - People's Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR.
1991 - State Prize of the Azerbaijan SSR (for his role in the film ("The Git").
1992, 1996 - the prize "Qızıl dərviş" ("The Golden Dervish").
2011 - the order "Şöhrət" ("Glory").
References
External links
1951 births
2012 deaths
Azerbaijani male film actors
Azerbaijani male stage actors
Azerbaijani male television actors
People's Artists of Azerbaijan
Soviet Azerbaijani people
Actors from Baku
Burials at II Alley of Honor
A videophone is a telecommunication device that provides both live audio and video on a telephone call, letting each person see as well as talk to the other.
Videophone, video phone or Video Phone may also refer to:
Video door-phone, a stand-alone intercom system used to manage calls made at the entrance to a building with access controlled by audiovisual communication between the inside and outside
"Video Phone" (song), a 2008 song by R&B singer Beyoncé, which was later remixed in a version featuring Lady Gaga
The black-throated wren-babbler (Turdinus atrigularis) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is endemic to the island of Borneo (mainly southern Brunei and East Malaysia).
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
black-throated wren-babbler
Birds of Brunei
Birds of East Malaysia
Endemic birds of Borneo
black-throated wren-babbler
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saihou Sarr (born 16 August 1951 in The Gambia) is a Gambian retired footballer.
References
Gambian footballers
Living people
1951 births
Association football midfielders
The Gambia international footballers
The Seller is a 1998 American Independent feature film written and directed by American director Craig Schlattman. It stars Brian Brophy, Mink Stole, Arthur Roberts, and Kathy Morozova in her first film role.
Plot
Bart (Brian Brophy), a used car salesman in the midst of realizing his life is a failure, kills the obnoxious parents of what he believes is an abused 12-year-old brat, Melissa (Kathy Morozova), as he tries to close them in the sale of the only car he has left on his lot. Despite witnessing this, Melissa refuses to shoot him when he hands her the gun and tells her he would “understand”, then promises to take her cross-country to Texas to live with her only surviving family, Aunt Betty (Mink Stole), in what he believes will be a final act of salvation - one last good deed. With his two salesmen, Dwight (Adam Paul) and Derrick (Arthur Roberts) in tow, they take flight from the murders and one Quinton Bendick (Andre Marquis), Bart's sadistic mentor, former friend and creditor, and become an odd family with Derrick serving as a father figure for Bart and Dwight, while Bart becomes father and friend to this tough, intelligent 12-year-old.
At a river bed Bart dances a 70's line dance with Melissa in front of the car that contains the bodies of her parents, just before he dumps it into a river. In an accident of fate, the group discovers Melissa's prowess with a gun, and Bart teaches her about life, wearing the white hat, doing the right thing, and Annie Oakley, whom she comes to idolize.
Bart and Melissa team up to do a trade to a small town used car salesman (David Alexander) as Melissa comes to Bart's aid for the first time. A small town bartender matches bravado with Derrick with disastrous results for Dwight when he hits him in the head with a beer mug, wounding him severely.
Stopping in a lounge Bart dances with Melissa again, and as she begins to feel her youth and freedom we watch her through Bart's not so parental eyes. In a seedy small-town motel it becomes apparent Dwight's head wound is too severe to ignore, and Derrick and Dwight leave the group to take Dwight to a hospital.
On a dry lakebed we witness the bonding, friendship, and tragedy of Bart and Melissa's haunting relationship before it builds to a final climax at Aunt Betty's house as Quinton shows up and the terror, beauty, and banality of their journey come to a head. Quinton humiliates and degrades Bart in front of Melissa, and Bart's compliance with and embrace of his humiliation motivates Melissa to a surprising, violent, and bittersweet action. The first adult decision of this 12-year-old ensues; a wrenching decision full of the mixed emotions of both characters, and fantasy of what could have been, and what ultimately could never be.
Cast
Brian Brophy as Bartholomew Trust
Kathy Morozova as Melissa
Arthur Roberts as Derrick
Adam Paul as Dwight
Mink Stole as Aunt Betty
Nancy Van Iderstine as Carla
Production
The Seller's tense opening tone was created in a small warehouse location in Los Angeles, then continued to the surrounding areas via rental truck and hard-working crew. This intimate team went on location to Frazier Park and continued to skirt the city in the desert area around El Mirage, Victorville and Lancaster. An August shoot made the desert locations beautiful in their peculiar resilience to the elements and the filmmakers, but also incredibly hot.
The company went on the road for a two-week trip, sharing motel rooms and shooting in pre-arranged and improvised locations, then basing themselves in Victorville, where cast and crew members came and left as shooting demanded, or went on to previous commitments. All the small town locations were shot in Victorville or Frazier Park, making use of the feel and sparse tone of the areas, but also making viewing dailies impossible, meaning the production was shooting blind. The four dedicated leads spent the full two weeks shooting in the area with the director, and quietly put up with the relative discomfort of being away from home and shooting in an open car, in August, in the desert. With clinging clothes disappearing between takes, passers-by may have thought it was some strange desert beach movie. The motel pool was put to a thorough use in the evenings just to keep cool.
Arriving back in the Valley for Aunt Betty's location was bittersweet in its loss of small-town friendliness and driving, but welcome in its more temperate climate. Aunt Betty's Reseda location took place over four days and fit perfectly into the suburban small-town Texas feel needed for the culminating scenes. Shooting as sequentially as possible was a conscious decision designed to give the actors the kind of emotional fuel needed to drive a dénouement full of the complicated emotional and psychological range needed in Aunt Betty's tacky Texas living room.
Reception
The Seller opened in Chicago to extremely positive reviews, like;
“An astonishing fusion of stark landscape cinematography and wildly compelling close-ups, especially of Brophy as he delivers hypnotic monologues that seem to be about everything and nothing at once and that lay bare his character's internal processes without demystifying them. Schlattman has rarefied emotion instead of breaking it down – his characters are indelible because they retain their mystery even as they let you inside.”
Lisa Alspector – Chicago Reader
“The festival's most gratifying find could be The Seller which deserves a much larger audience. The meandering discussions they have about life, death, dreams and mortality have all the sizzle and wit you could ever hope to find in a movie. One of my favorite films of the year.”
John Patrakis – Chicago Tribune
“A stunning film.”
KPFK – Los Angeles
“The festival's best bet... Schlattman's precise vision recalls auteur Jon Jost, America's ace seer of Western wastelands.”
Bill Stamets – Chicago Sun Times
However, the film was given a very poor distribution by a minor distributor and failed to get to “a much larger audience.”
Film posters
External links
The Seller – official film website
Proletariat Pictures – production company official website
Mink Stole – official website
1998 films
1990s English-language films
American independent films
1990s American films
The Hotel Clovis is a ten-story former hotel in Clovis, New Mexico, United States. Designed by architect Robert Merrell, the Art Deco structure was opened as a hotel on October 20, 1931. Hotel Clovis was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Although the hotel closed in 1983, Developer Stephen Crozier launched an extensive renovation, announcing that he would build 31 loft-style apartments in the Art Deco building, as well as creating some 8,000 square feet of commercial space. The developer also wanted to build two separate structures that will house an additional 59 units. Groundbreaking started September 30, 2011 and the construction project became the Hotel Clovis Lofts. Hotel Clovis Lofts is now (as of January 2020) occupied.
Though first touted as "upper-income assisted living" the apartments are HUD assisted and lower income housing. As of mid-2017, the street-level commercial spaces remain unoccupied and have not been architecturally finished. Developer Steven Crozier has continued building additional apartments two blocks west of the Hotel Clovis encompassing a full city block.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Curry County, New Mexico
References
Art Deco architecture in New Mexico
Defunct hotels in the United States
Hotel buildings completed in 1931
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in Curry County, New Mexico
Clovis, New Mexico
Bric del Terma is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of .
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
Mountains under 1000 metres
Mountains of the Apennines
Luis Miguel Pinho (PhD SMIEEE SMACM) is a Professor and Researcher in the Computer Engineering Department of the Polytechnic of Porto - School of Engineering (ISEP), in Portugal. He was a member of the Research Center in Real-Time and Embedded Computing Systems, and is Executive Director of the Porto Research, Technology & Innovation Center.
Education
He received a Licentiate (degree), a MEng and a PhD in electrical and computer engineering from the School of Engineering of the University of Porto (FEUP), Portugal in 1994, 1997 and 2001, respectively.
Research
He has published more than 100 research works, mainly in the areas of real-time systems and the Ada programming language. Pinho has been actively involved with the Ada programming language, being awarded in 2012 the ACM SIGAda Robert Dewar Award for Outstanding Ada Community Contributions.
Organisational affiliations
Luis Miguel Pinho is a Senior Member of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) .
Selected publications
Maia, Cláudio, Luis Miguel Nogueira, and Luis Miguel Pinho. "Evaluating android os for embedded real-time systems." In 6th international workshop on operating systems platforms for embedded real-time applications, pp. 63–70. 2010.
Pinho, Luis Miguel, and Francisco Vasques. "Reliable real-time communication in CAN network." IEEE Transactions on Computers 52, no. 12 (2003): 1594-1607.
Albano, Michele, Luis Lino Ferreira, Luís Miguel Pinho, and Abdel Rahman Alkhawaja. "Message-oriented middleware for smart grids." Computer Standards & Interfaces 38 (2015): 133-143.
Maia, Cláudio, Marko Bertogna, Luís Nogueira, and Luis Miguel Pinho. "Response-time analysis of synchronous parallel tasks in multiprocessor systems." In Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Real-Time Networks and Systems, pp. 3–12. 2014.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Senior Members of the IEEE
Senior Members of the ACM
Portuguese computer scientists
People from Porto
Shahen Zinavori Meghrian (; 2 January 1952 – 17 April 1993) was an Armenian military commander and political activist. He was known as the Eagle of Shahumian (, Shahumiani Ardziv).
Biography
Meghrian was born in a traditional and well-known Armenian family of Gulistan village. He finished the local school of Gulistan, then continued his education at Yerevan State University. After graduation Meghrian became the chief economist of manufacturing and production in the Shahumian region.
In 1988 he formed the first Defense brigade of Shahumian. In 1990 Meghrian successfully led the Battle of Manashid. In 1990 he joined the Armenian Revolutionary Federation. In the summer of 1991 he became the commander of the Shahumian defense forces. From 28 December 1991 he was also a member of the parliament of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
After the forced deportations of the population of Shahumian region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, Meghrian had a speech that ended with words: "Shahumian is occupied, but isn't defeated!"
In June 1992, Meghryan formed a detachment of 25 people in the village of Haterk and went behind enemy lines in the Martakert region. Meghryan's detachment participated in the recapture of a number of villages in the Martakert region, including Haterk, Aknaberd, Mataghis, Tonashen, Dastagir, and the Sarsang Reservoir.
On 11 March 1993, Meghryan was appointed the commander of a military unit by the Ministry of Defense of Armenia. On 17 April 1993, he was killed along with several of his comrades-in-arms when their helicopter was shot down while they were flying from Shahumian to Armenia.
On 24 October 2014, he was posthumously awarded the title Hero of Artsakh.
References
External links
Biography
Shahen Meghryan
1952 births
1993 deaths
People from Shahumyan Region
Yerevan State University alumni
Armenian military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
National Hero of Armenia
Burials at Yerablur
The Arden School of Theatre, also known as The Arden, is a drama school which is part of the Performing Arts faculty at UCEN Manchester in England.
The school was founded jointly by the Royal Exchange Theatre and South Manchester College in 1991 by the Senior Curriculum Manager Robert S Ely, to provide vocational degree level theatrical education in the North of England, one of the first to provide theatrical degrees in the United Kingdom. The name derived from the original City College Arden Campus where the drama school had been based between 1991 and 2004, in Northenden, South Manchester. It has never been a member of the Conference of Drama Schools.
The school now provides five BA (Hons) programmes, validated by Sheffield Hallam University in Acting (Paul Broughton), Dance and Performance (Belinda Grantham), Musical Theatre (Will Nelson), Theatre and Performance (Wayne Steven Jackson), and Vocal Studies (Andrew Stephenson).
The College is a founder member of the National Skills Academy for Creative & Cultural Skills, and has a wide range of relationships locally with the Contact Theatre and the Royal Exchange theatre. Graduates Showcases are presented each year both in the region and in London with a number of casting agents for Acting, Dance, and Musical Theatre. Theatre and Performance present the annual unTaPped festival each year in May.
In 2006, The Arden moved into new premises located over three floors at Universal Square, a development by Frogmore Northern who had renovated the former Great Universal Stores headquarters offices. In September 2010 The Arden moved into Nicholls House, Ardwick, Manchester; a renovated Victorian building with additional rehearsal space, production rooms and voice and singing rooms. The programmes utilise a dedicated theatre space at The Waterside Theatre, attached to the Manchester College Shena Simon Campus, Whitworth Street in central Manchester. Collaboration with other College degree programmes allows access to other specialist facilities including music recording studios and radio studio and film and television production equipment. In September 2022 The Arden moved into a new campus located opposite the AO Arena near Manchester City Centre; a newly built campus for UCEN Manchester courses. The facilities include a squared studio theatre, two theatre spaces, a wardrobe area and costume design/build workshop, a fully equipped music studio, rehearsal rooms, drama studios, ensemble rooms, singing rooms, Small film studio, classrooms, band rehearsal rooms, practice rooms, state of the art recording studios and live rooms.
The Arden teaching faculty includes theatre professionals such as musical director Robert Purvis and actor/composer Graham Lappin, television and film actors Marie Critchley, and Paul Broughton, dancers Belinda Grantham and Tomas Simon, and performance makers Wayne Steven Jackson and Graham Hicks.
Alumni
Graduates of the school include:
Zöe Lucker - actress: Footballers' Wives, HolbyBlue, EastEnders
Tracy Shaw - actress: Coronation Street
Cherylee Houston - actress Coronation Street
Kim Tiddy - actress Hollyoaks
Shaun Dooley- Actor: The Woman in Black, The Awakening,
Saoirse-Monica Jackson - actress, Derry Girls''
Ella Straub - Actress
Kim Tiddy - Actress
References
City College Manchester
Education in Manchester
Drama schools in the United Kingdom
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in England
Contemporary theatre
Contemporary dance in the United Kingdom
"The Three Caballeros Ride Again" is a 2000 Donald Duck comic by Don Rosa.
The story was first published in the Danish Anders And & Co. #2000-40; the first American publication was in Walt Disney's Comics and Stories #635, in August 2003.
The Three Caballeros Ride Again served as the title story to Fantagraphics Uncle Scrooge and Donald Duck: The Don Rosa Library Vol. 9
Plot
Donald Duck drives his nephews to the Junior Woodchucks jamboree in Mexico; after he drops them off, they feel sorry for Donald because he does not have any friends to spend time with.
However, José Carioca, an old friend of Donald's, is at the hotel where Donald is heading, flirting with a woman named Rosa. Her boyfriend, the bandit Alfonso Bedoya appears and tries to kill Josē, who jumps from the window into Donald's rumble seat. Alfonso tries to shoot them, but they escape. Donald and José, remembering the old days, decide to teach Alfonso a lesson, but Donald takes a wrong turn and they find themselves lost in the desert.
They find themselves being shot at by their old friend Panchito Pistoles, who stops when he recognizes them. Panchito explains that he found a map to the lost city of Tayopa, a silver mining city, which they find buried in lava except for the church's belfry. Because of his many treasure hunts with his rich uncle Scrooge McDuck, Donald is able to identify the church as the headquarters for the Tayopa silver mine, so the friends climb down and find wooden kegs of pure silver ingots in a secret store room. They carry it to a nearby village and put it on a train to the city of El Divisadero.
While the train is being loaded with mine carts our heroes enter a cantina where they meet Alfonso again. He was looking for Panchito because of his map. They perform a musical number, but get knocked off by Alfonso, who hijacks the train, but the caballeros use Donald's car to jump on the last flatcar. During their fight with Alfonso, the train engineer cuts them loose and they are on a runaway train on the world's most dangerous railroad track. Alfonso falls from the train right into the jail.
The caballeros derail the silver kegs' flatcar and escape to Copper Canyon in Donald's car. However, they find out that the substance in the kegs is not silver after all, but mercury used to extract silver from ore. There is no silver remaining, but instead of feeling disappointed, the three caballeros share a hearty laugh, agreeing that they have had a great adventure, and the fact that there is no reward at the end just makes it a better story.
They ride back to the hotel in Divisadero, where the owner is threatening to fire José unless he comes up with a very special performance.
Leaving the jamboree, Huey, Dewey and Louie return to the hotel where they are stunned to see the three caballeros ride on stage on Panchito's horse, performing their song to riotous applause from the audience. They are even more amazed when José and Panchito tell them their Uncle Donald is the bravest, truest friend they know, as well as a better man than them for having the courage to raise three boys.
See alsoThe Magnificent Seven (Minus 4) Caballeros''
External links
Disney comics stories
Donald Duck comics by Don Rosa
2000 in comics
Treasure hunt comics
Comics set in Mexico
Zafar Juraevich Usmanov (; 26 August 1937 – 13 October 2021) was a Soviet and Tajik mathematician, doctor of physical and mathematical sciences (1974), professor (1983), full member of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan (1981), Honored scientist of the Republic of Tajikistan (1997), laureate of the State Prize of Tajikistan in the field of science and technology named after Abu Ali ibn Sino (2013).
Biography
Zafar Juraevich Usmanov was born on 26 August 1937 in Dushanbe. Father — Jura Usmanov, historian, journalist, Mother — Hamro (Asrorova) Usmanova, party and state worker. Sibling of the academician of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan, Pulat Usmanov.
1954—1959 — studies at the Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics of MSU.
1959—1962 — graduate student of the Department of Mechanics of Moscow State University,
1962—1970 — researcher of the mathematical team of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tatarstan,
1970—1973 — head of the Computing Center, (deputy head) of the Department of Mathematics with the Computing Center of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1973—1976 — Deputy Director for Science of the Mathematical Institute with the Computing Center of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1976—1984 — Head of the Computing Center of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1984—1988 — academician-secretary of the Department of Physical, Mathematical, Chemical and Geological Sciences of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1988—1999 — Director of the Institute of Mathematics of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
From 1999 to the present — Head. Department of Mathematical Modeling, Institute of Mathematics, Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1976 — Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan,
1981 — Full member of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan with a degree in mathematics,
1985—1990 — Deputy of the Supreme Council of the Tajik SSR,
1986—1991 — member of the Revision Commission of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Tajikistan,
1997—2011 — Professor of the Moscow Power Engineering Institute (Technical University), Volzhsky branch of Volzhsky,
1999 — Professor, Department of Informatics, Technological University of Tajikistan, Head of the Department of «Natural Process Metrics» of the Virtual Institute of Interdisciplinary Time Studies, Moscow State University.
2018 — Chairman of the dissertation council 6D.KOA-032 at the Tajik Technical University named after academician M.S. Osimi
Scientific training
The scientific organizer of systemic training at the Institute of Mathematics is about 30 candidates of physical and mathematical sciences on modern problems of computer science. He prepared 18 candidates of sciences in the specialties of differential equations, geometry, computer science, hydromechanics, hydraulics and the history of mathematics, and 1 doctor of sciences in water problems.
Teaching
1959—1961 — Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, Moscow State University M.V. Lomonosova, Moscow,
1965—1994, 2007—2009 — Faculty of Mechanics, Mathematics and Physics, Tajik National University, Dushanbe,
1966—1968 — Faculty of Mathematics, Tajik State Pedagogical University, Dushanbe,
1997—2011 — Department of Power Engineering, Moscow Power Engineering Institute (Technical University), Volzhsky Branch, Volzhsky,
1999 — IV Department of Mathematics, Graz University of Technology, (spring semester), Austria,
Faculty of Information Technologies, Technological University of Tajikistan, Dushanbe.
Scientific activity
Usmanov successfully defended his Ph.D. thesis: «Some boundary value problems for systems of differential equations with singular coefficients and their applications to bendings of surfaces with a singular point» / Tajik State National University, (1966) / and doctoral dissertation: "Study of the equations of the theory of infinitesimal bendings of surfaces with positive curvature with a flattening point ", Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, / Moscow State University M.V. Lomonosova, (1973) /. The scientific interests of the scientist:
Generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with singularities at isolated points and on a closed line;
Deformation of surfaces with an isolated flattening point, a conical point, and a parabolic boundary;
Modeling the proper time of an arbitrary process;
Modeling of environmental, economic, industrial and technological processes;
Automation of information processing in Tajik.
In the field of theoretical mathematics
The theory of generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with a singular point of the 1st and above 1st order in the coefficients, as well as with the 1st order singularity in the coefficients on the boundary circle, which was a natural generalization of the classical analytical apparatus of I. N. Vekua, developed to study generalized analytic functions. Based on the fundamental achievements in the development of the theory of generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with singularities, in-depth studies have been carried out on the effect of an isolated flattening point on infinitesimal and exact bends of surfaces of positive curvature. Some progress has been made in solving the generalized Christoffel problem of determining convex surfaces from a predetermined sum of conditional radii of curvature defined on a convex surface with an isolated flattening point (together with A. Khakimov). For a wide class of natural processes described by ordinary differential equations and partial differential equations, natural metrics such as spatio-temporal Minkowski metrics are constructed, based on which a definition of the concept of the intrinsic time of a process and constructive methods for measuring it are proposed. Computational experiments have established the promise of using the new concept to increase the effectiveness of the prognostic properties of mathematical models.
In the field of applied mathematics
A mathematical model has been developed for the evolution of collection material of an arbitrary nature (together with T. I. Khaitov); a mathematical model for describing the evolution of spiral shells by the example of gastropods (together with M.R. Dzhalilov and O.P. Sapov); a mathematical model for determining the gradations of liver failure (together with H. Kh. Mansurov and others); mathematical model of the dynamics of the desert community of the Tigrovaya Balka nature reserve (together with G. N. Sapozhnikov et al.) Some of these results were noted in the reports of the Chief Scientific Secretary of the Presidium of the USSR Academy of Sciences among the most important achievements of the USSR Academy of Sciences in the field of theoretical mathematics in the 70s years and twice in the field of computer science in the 80s.
In the field of informatization of the Tajik language
Created a scientific school in computer linguistics in Tajikistan. He prepared 5 candidates of sciences in mathematical and statistical linguistics. As a leader and direct executor of works, together with his students, he carried out extensive research on the automation of information processing in the Tajik language.
He has published over 280 scientific papers on theoretical and applied mathematics in scientific journals of the countries of near and far abroad and has registered 16 intellectual products in the National Patent Information Center of the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade of the Republic of Tatarstan
Major monographs
ZD Usmanov, Generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with a singular point, Pitman Monographs and Surveys in Pure and Applied Mathematics, 85, Longman, Harlow, 1997, 222 p., ISSN 0269-3666, [1 ]
Programming the states of a collection, Moscow: Nauka, 1983, −124 p. (Programmer's library, co-author T.I. Khaitov)
Periods, rhythms and cycles in nature, Handbook, Dushanbe, Donish, 1990. −151 p. (co-authors Yu. I. Gorelov, l. I. Sapova)
Modeling time, Moscow: Knowledge, 1991, −48 s. (New in life, science, technology. Series Mathematics, Cybernetics).
Generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with a singular point, Mat. Institute with the Computing Center of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tatarstan, Dushanbe, 1993, −244 p.
Generalized Cauchy-Riemann systems with a singular point, Addison Wesley Longman Ltd., Harlow, England, 1997, −222 p. (Pitman Monographs and Survey in Pure and Applied Mathematics).
The experience of computer synthesis of Tajik speech in the text, Technological University of Tajikistan, — Dushanbe, Irfon, 2010. — 146 p. (co-author H.A. Khudoiberdiev)
The problem of the layout of characters on a computer keyboard. Technological University of Tajikistan, — Dushanbe: «Irfon», 2010. — 104 p. (co-author O. M. Soliev)
Formation of the base of the morphs of the Tajik language. Dushanbe, 2014 .-- 110 s. (co-author G. M. Dovudov)
Morphological analysis of Tajik word forms. Dushanbe: Donish, 2015. — 132 p. (co-author G. M. Dovudov)
Implement results
supervised the development and implementation of an automated system for the distribution of paired cocoons in cocoon winding machines for the Dushanbe silk-winding factory;
He supervised and directly participated in the development of the mathematical foundations for optimizing the extractant enrichment process in the countercurrent extraction technological chain with the implementation of the results for the practical extraction of sea buckthorn oil from pulp;
developed the mathematical basis for the automatic design of slotted grooves of winding drums for the Tajiktekstilmash plant;
led the development of a temporary standard for Tajik graphics for use in network technology; development was sent to the Moscow representative office of MICROSOFT for inclusion in the WINDOWS editor (approved by Decree of the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan on 2 August 2004, No. 330);
Together with his graduate student O. Soliev, he implemented through the Ministry of Communications of the Republic of Tajikistan the driver we developed for the layout of Tajik letters on a computer keyboard and instructions for installing it for use in everyday work;
Together with his graduate student Kh. Khudoiberdiev, he developed and created a software and hardware complex for the automatic unstressed sounding of Tajik texts;
together with his students O. Soliev, Kh. Khudoiberdiev developed and created the Tajik computer text editor (Tajik Word);
together with S. D. Kholmatova, O. Soliev and H. Khudoyberdiev, developed and created:
— Tajik-Russian computer dictionary ,
— Russian-Tajik computer dictionary ;
— universal Russian-Tajik-Russian computer dictionary (MultiGanj);
together with L. A. Grashchenko and A. Yu. Fomin, he created a computer Tajik-Persian converter of graphic writing systems;
Together with students O. Soliev, H. Khudoiberdiev and G. Dovudov, he developed and created the Tajik language pack (spell checker) for OpenOffice.Org and Windows.
Usmanov Z.J. is:
Member of the Scientific Board of Advisers, American Biographical Society,
Head of the Department of «Natural Process Metrics» of the Virtual Institute of Interdisciplinary Study of Time, Moscow State University , Moscow ,
Member of the Editorial Board of the Central Asian Journal of Mathematics (Central Asian J Math)
Wilmington, USA Central Asian Mathematical Journal, Washington , USA. (2005),
intravital member of ISAAC (2005),
Member of the International Editorial Board of the journal "Bulletin of the Samara State Technical University. Series «Physics and Mathematics» "(2014)
Reviewer of articles submitted to the journal «Complex variables & Elliptic equations», University of Delaware, Newark, USA (regular reviewer of CV & EE) (2011),
as well as at international conferences:
International Multi-Conference on Society, Cybernetics and Informatics: IMSCI; International Conference on Complexity, Cybernetics, and Informing Science and Engineering: CCISE;
International Conference on Social and Organizational Informatics and Cybernetics: SOIC).
Rewards
anniversary medal "For Valiant Labor. In commemoration of the centenary of the birth of V. I. Lenin ", (1970),
the honorary badge of the All-Union Central Council of Trade Unions «Winner of social competition», (1973),
Honorary Badge of the All-Union Society Knowledge «For active work»
Certificate of Honor of the Supreme Council of Tajikistan, (1987),
Komsomol honorary badge in honor of the 70th anniversary of Komsomol, (1988),
honorary badge of the Committee of Physical Culture and Sports under the Council of Ministers of the Tajik SSR "Veteran of Physical Education and Sports Taj. SSR ", (1990),
Honored Scientist of the Republic of Tajikistan, (1997),
Veteran of Labor of the Russian Federation, (1998),
Order of the Lomonosov Committee of Public Awards of the Russian Federation, (2008),
Laureate of the State Prize of Tajikistan in the field of science and technology. Abu Ali ibn Sino. (2013).
See also
Tajik Academy of Sciences
References
External links
1937 births
2021 deaths
People from Dushanbe
Tajikistani mathematicians
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Members of the Tajik Academy of Sciences
Tajik National University faculty
Moscow State University alumni
20th-century mathematicians
21st-century mathematicians
Soviet mathematicians
Planet Hunters is a citizen science project to find exoplanets using human eyes. It does this by having users analyze data from the NASA Kepler space telescope and the NASA Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite. It was launched by a team led by Debra Fischer at Yale University, as part of the Zooniverse project.
History
Planet Hunters and Planet Hunters 2.0
The project was launched on December 16, 2010, after the first Data Release of Kepler data as the Planet Hunters Project. 300,000 volunteers participated in the project and the project team published 8 scientific papers. On December 14, 2014, the project was re-launched as Planet Hunters 2.0, with an improved website and considering that the volunteers will look at K2 data. As of November 2018 Planet Hunters identified 50% of the known planets with an orbital period larger than two years.
Non-Planet Hunters project: Exoplanet Explorers
In 2017 the project Exoplanet Explorers was launched. It was another planet hunting project at Zooniverse and discovered the system K2-138 and the exoplanet K2-288Bb. This project was launched during the television program Stargazing Live and the discovery of the K2-138 system was announced during the program.
Planet Hunters: TESS
On December 6, 2018, the project Planet Hunters: TESS was launched. This project uses data from the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) and is currently active (as of February 2020). This project discovered the Saturn-sized exoplanet TOI-813b.
Planet hunting
The Planet Hunters project exploits the fact that humans are better at recognising visual patterns than computers. The website displays an image of data collected by the NASA Kepler Space Mission and asks human users (referred to as "Citizen Scientists") to look at the data and see how the brightness of a star changes over time. This brightness data is represented as a graph and referred to as a star's light curve. Such curves are helpful in discovering extrasolar planets due to the brightness of a star decreasing when a planet passes in front of it, as seen from Earth. Periods of reduced brightness can thus provide evidence of planetary transits, but may also be caused by errors in recording, projection, or other phenomena.
Special occurrence
Eclipsing binary stars
From time to time, the project will observe eclipsing binary stars. Essentially these are stars that orbit each other. Much as a planet can interrupt the brightness of a star, another star can too. There is a noticeable difference on the light curves. It will appear as a large transit (a large dip) and a smaller transit (a smaller dip).
Multiplanet systems
As of December 2017, there are a total of 621 multiplanet systems, or stars that contains at least two confirmed planets. In a multiplanet system plot, there are many different patterns of transit. Due to the different sizes of planets, the transits dip down to different points.
Stellar flares
Stellar flares are observed when there is an explosion on the surface of a star. This will cause the star's brightness to shoot up considerably, with a steep drop off.
Discoveries
So far, over 12 million observations have been analyzed. Out of those, 34 candidate planets had been found as of July 2012. In October 2012 it was announced that two volunteers from the Planet Hunters initiative had discovered a novel Neptune-like planet which is part of a four star double binary system, orbiting one of the pairs of stars while the other pair of stars orbits at a distance of around 1000 AU. This is the first planet discovered to have a stable orbit in such a complex stellar environment. The system is located 7200 light years away, and the new planet has been designated PH1b, short for Planet Hunters 1 b.
Yellow indicates a circumbinary planet. Light green indicates planet orbiting around one star in a multiple star system. Light blue indicates host stars with a planetary system consisting of two or more planets. Values for the host stars are acquired via SIMBAD and otherwise are cited. The apparent magnitude represents the V magnitude.
Community TESS Object of Interest
Planet Hunters TESS publishes Community TESS Object of Interest (CTOI) at ExoFOP, which can be promoted into a TESS Object of Iinterest (TOI). Of the 151 CTOIs submitted by Planet Hunters researchers, 81 were promoted to TOIs (as of September 2022). The following exoplanets first submitted as Planet Hunters CTOIs were later researched by other teams: TOI 1759 b, TOI 1899 b, TOI 2180 b and TOI 4562 b.
Variable stars and unusual systems
In September 2013 the project discovered the unusual cataclysmic variable KIC 9406652. In April 2014 the unusually active SU Ursae Majoris-type dwarf nova GALEX J194419.33+491257.0 was discovered. This cataclysmic variable was discovered as a background dwarf nova of KIC 11412044.
In January 2016 unusual dips in KIC 8462852 were announced. The unusual light curve of KIC 8462852 (also known as Boyajian's Star) has engendered speculation that an alien civilization's Dyson sphere is responsible.
In June 2016 the project found 32 likely eclipsing binaries. The work also announced likely exoplanets.
In February 2018 the first transiting exocomets were discovered. The dips were found by one of the authors, a Planet Hunters participant, in a visual search over five months of the complete Q1-Q17 Kepler light curve archive spanning 201250 target stars.
See also
Zooniverse projects:
Amateur exoplanet discoveries
Asteroid Zoo
Backyard Worlds
Disk Detective
Galaxy Zoo
Old Weather
SETILive
The Milky Way Project
References
External links
Astronomy websites
Astronomy projects
Human-based computation
Citizen science
Internet properties established in 2010
Exoplanet search projects
Fabbri is an Italian surname. Notable people with the name include:
Alejandro Fabbri (born 1982), Argentine tennis player
Alessandro Fabbri (1877–1922), commander of the Otter Cliffs Radio Station
(born 1926), Italian painter
Daniele Fabbri or Daniele Luttazzi (born 1961), Italian comedian, writer, satirist, illustrator and singer/songwriter
Diego Fabbri (1911–1980), Italian playwright
Edda Fabbri (born 1949), Uruguayan writer
Edmondo Fabbri (1921–1995), Italian footballer and coach
Fabio Fabbri (born 1933), Italian minister of defence, 1993–4
Franco Fabbri (born 1949), Brazilian-born Italian musician, musicologist and broadcaster
Inez Fabbri (1831–1909), Austro-American opera singer and impresaria
Leonardo Fabbri (born 1997), Italian athlete
Luce Fabbri (1908–2000), Italian anarchist writer and publisher, daughter of Luigi
Luigi Fabbri (1877–1935), Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist
Marcello Fabbri (1923–2015), Italian poet
Néstor Fabbri (born 1968), Argentine footballer
Paolo Fabbri, Italian musicologist
Robby Fabbri (born 1996), Canadian ice hockey player
Surnames of Italian origin
The National Weather Service Wichita, Kansas (NWS Wichita) is a local weather forecast office of the National Weather Service responsible for monitoring weather conditions for 26 counties in central, south-central, and southeastern Kansas, including the Wichita Metropolitan Area and Salina, Kansas.
History
The Army Signal Service established a federal weather office in the region on June 13, 1888. On April 1, 1930, the Wichita Municipal Airport (currently McConnell Air Force Base) weather office opened. Pilot Balloons were sent at 5:30 am and pm each day, and from April 1, 1930, to November 29, 1940, there were two Weather Bureau Offices in Wichita.
Present day
The current National Weather Service Wichita is located at 2142 S. Tyler Road in the southwestern part of Wichita, near Wichita Mid-Continent Airport, and is in charge of issuing local forecasts and weather warnings for central, south central, and southeastern Kansas. It is one of four National Weather Service offices located in Kansas and one of seven that serve the state. In the event that the office becomes temporarily unable to perform its duties, NWS Wichita's primary backup office (the office that would take over until NWS Wichita was able to resume service) is the National Weather Service office in Topeka, Kansas, with the secondary backup office being the National Weather Service office in Dodge City, Kansas.
NOAA Weather Radio
NWS Wichita operates six NOAA Weather Radio transmitters to serve Central, South-Central and Southeast Kansas:
KEC59, which broadcasts from Wichita on the frequency of 162.550 MHz, serves the following counties, either wholly or in part: Butler, Cowley, Harper, Harvey, Kingman, McPherson, Reno, Sedgwick, and Sumner.
WXK95, which broadcasts from Erie on the frequency of 162.400 MHz, serves the following counties: Allen, Labette, Montgomery, Neosho, Wilson, Woodson, Bourbon§, Cherokee§, and Crawford§.
WXK92, which broadcasts from Ellsworth on the frequency of 162.400 MHz, serves the following counties: Barton, Ellsworth, Lincoln, McPherson, Rice, Russell, and Saline.
WWH22, which broadcasts from Beaumont on the frequency of 162.500 MHz, serves the following counties, either wholly or in part: Butler, Chase, Chautauqua, Cowley, Elk, Greenwood, and Woodson.
WZ2511, which broadcasts from Sharon on the frequency of 162.400 MHz, serves the following counties:
In Kansas, Harper, Kingman, Reno, Barber§, Pratt§, and Stafford§.
In Oklahoma, Alfalfa§, Grant§, and Woods§.
KPS511, which broadcasts from Great Bend on the frequency of 162.500 MHz, serves the following counties: Barton, Ellsworth, Reno, Rice, Russell, Pawnee§, Rush§, and Stafford§.
N.B. Counties marked with a § are outside the Wichita WFO's County Warning Area.
References
External links
Official NWS Wichita Website
NWS Wichita's official Facebook page
Wichita, Kansas
African time (or Africa time) is the perceived cultural tendency, in parts of Africa and the Caribbean toward a more relaxed attitude to time. This is sometimes used in a pejorative sense, about tardiness in appointments, meetings and events. This also includes the more leisurely, relaxed, and less rigorously scheduled lifestyle found in African countries, especially as opposed to the more clock-bound pace of daily life in Western countries. As such, it is similar to time orientations in some other non-Western culture regions.
Aspects
The appearance of a simple lack of punctuality or a lax attitude about time in Africa, may instead reflect a different approach and method in managing tasks, events, and interactions. African cultures are often described as "polychronic", which means people tend to manage more than one thing at a time rather than in a strict sequence. Personal interactions and relationships are also managed in this way, such that it is not uncommon to have more than one simultaneous conversation. An African "emotional time consciousness" has been suggested which contrasts with Western "mechanical time consciousness".
In the Caribbean, "...[t]hings just won't always happen as quickly or as precisely as you may be accustomed to". Due to the cultural influence of "Caribbean time" or "island time", locals do not have the sense of time pressure that is part of Western culture.
Reactions to time orientation in Africa and the Caribbean
Self-criticism and commentary
The concept of African time has become a key topic of self-criticism in modern Africa. According to one Ghanaian writer,
In October 2007, an Ivorian campaign against African time, backed by President Laurent Gbagbo, received international media attention when an event called "Punctuality Night" was held in Abidjan to recognize business people and government workers for regularly being on time. The slogan of the campaign is "'African time' is killing Africa – let's fight it." Reuters reported that "organizers hope to heighten awareness of how missed appointments, meetings or even late buses cut productivity in a region where languid tardiness is the norm". It was remarked that this year's winner, legal adviser Narcisse Aka—who received a $60,000 villa in recognition of his punctuality—"is so unusually good at being punctual that his colleagues call him 'Mr White Man's Time'". Some Western tourists in the Caribbean "...become infuriated if locals don't respond as promptly or as efficiently to every request as employees or service personnel do back home".
Popular culture
The contrast between African time and Western time is illustrated in the award-winning short film Binta and the Great Idea. The protagonist of the film, a fisherman in a small village in Senegal, can't understand the new ideas brought back from Europe by his friend; these are symbolized by a Swiss wristwatch, which rings at various times to the delight of the friend, but for no apparent reason. The fisherman is shown making his way through the various ranks of officials with his idea, which in the end is a sharp criticism of Western culture's obsession with efficiency and progress.
See also
Time in Africa
Colored people's time
Slow Movement
Procrastination & Punctuality
Tardiness § Ethnic stereotypes
Time management
References
African culture
Time in Africa
Herrickia horrida is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name horrid herrickia. It is native to Colorado and New Mexico in the United States, where it occurs only in the Animas River basin. It is often included in genus Eurybia.
Herrickia horrida is a clumpy perennial herb or subshrub growing 30 to 60 centimeters tall from a woody rhizome. There are one to many stems which are coated in resin glands. The leaves are oval or oblong in shape with bases that clasp the stem. They are up to 4.5 centimeters in length. They are tough, glandular, coated in rough hairs, and lined with spiny teeth on the edges. The inflorescence may be a single flower head or an array of several heads. Each head is lined with glandular green or purplish phyllaries. It contains purple ray florets which may be up to 2.2 centimeters long, and yellow or purplish disc florets. Blooming occurs in summer, or as late as October. The fruit is an achene with a pappus of bristles.
Herrickia horrida grows on dry mountain slopes and canyons, often in oak woodlands, pinyon-juniper woodlands and grasslands. Most of its habitat is rugged and inaccessible, which helps protect it from human threats.
References
Astereae
Flora of Colorado
Plants described in 1913
Flora of New Mexico
Llave is a barrio in the island-municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 18.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Llave and Mosquito barrios was 1,069.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
The Environmental Health Registration Board (EHRB) was a body in the United Kingdom which issued certificates of registration on completion of approved professional qualification programmes and accredited courses of study.
The organisation maintained a register of people who had been issued with such certificates.
The EHRB's activities were closely associated with many aspects of the works of the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health (CIEH). The Board's directors were CIEH members, mainly drawn from the Learning and Qualifications Advisory Group, although nominations to the Board could be made by the Secretary of State for Health (up to two persons), government departments or agencies with an interest in environmental health (for example the Food Standards Agency). Other persons with an appropriate interest in environmental health could also be appointed by the Board.
In March 2018 CIEH announced the closure of EHRB in 2020 but this was subsequently postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
EHRB formally closed in December 2021. At that point its registers were hosted by CIEH.
References
External links
Environmental Health Registration Board
Environmental health organizations
The Class 98.11 steam locomotives of the Deutsche Reichsbahn were rebuilds of the Bavarian Class GtL 4/4 (DRG Class 98.8-9).
Because the riding qualities of the Class 98.10 were still not good enough to raise the speed of branch line (Lokalbahn) trains in Bavaria significantly, the Reichsbahn decided in 1934 to rebuild a Class GtL 4/4 engine (no. 98 906). Amongst other things, it was given an additional leading axle. As a result, the boiler and driver's cab had to be moved forward, which resulted in their having to be raised by 250 mm.
After trials with the locomotive had proved successful, it was decided to modify another 26 engines by 1939 and to allocate them to a new locomotive class. A further engine followed in each of the years 1940 and 1941. The rebuilds were given numbers 98 1101 - 98 1129.
The permitted top speed of the rebuilds could be raised to 55 km/h, compared with 40 km/h for the GtL 4/4 and 45 km/h for the Class 98.10.
All 29 locomotives survived the Second World War. Apart from 98 1108, which went to the DR in East Germany, they all went into the Deutsche Bundesbahn. The East German engine was retired in 1967; those in the West between 1960 and 1968.
See also
List of Bavarian locomotives and railbuses
List of DRG locomotives and railbuses
References
98.11
2-8-0T locomotives
98.11
Railway locomotives introduced in 1934
Locomotives of Bavaria
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
1′D h2t locomotives
Rebuilt locomotives
Freight locomotives
Pachycephalopsis is a genus of birds in the Australasian robin family Petroicidae that are found in New Guinea.
Species
The genus contains the following two species:
Green-backed robin (Pachycephalopsis hattamensis)
White-eyed robin (Pachycephalopsis poliosoma)
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Petroicidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Return to Dark Tower is a board game for one to four players, designed and published by Restoration Games. The game is a sequel to the 1981 board game Dark Tower, by Milton Bradley Company. Return to Dark Tower has players cooperate or compete as they rule over kingdoms surrounding the titular Tower, with their chosen "heroes" gathering resources, defeating monsters and enhancing their strength. As the game progresses, the Tower dispenses corruption across the land, which players must cleanse, while also looking to identify the foe inhabiting the Tower, so that they may defeat it, to win the game. Return to Dark Tower features a circular mat that is sectioned into quarters, to represent the kingdoms, with a Bluetooth-powered Tower at the center, which is connected to an app that runs the game.
Return to Dark Tower was designed by a team of board game industry veterans - most notably the creator of Gloomhaven, Isaac Childres and the creator of Pandemic: Legacy, Rob Daviau. The game was in development for three years prior to the launch of a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter in January 2020. The Kickstarter campaign proved to be successful, with over $4 million raised, against a goal of $850,000. Return to Dark Tower was released in 2022.
Gameplay
The premise of Return to Dark Tower is that the Tower, which was once destroyed, has been rebuilt over many years by an unknown evil and now threatens to corrupt all the land. The central objective of the game is for the players to repel the attacks from the Tower, to identify the foe inside and to break in and kill it. One to four players take up position around a circular game mat representative of the realm, with a plastic electronic obelisk, representative of the Tower, situated at the center. The Tower is connected via Bluetooth to an app that prompts it to move with certain in-game events, as well as virtually organize and run the whole game. Players are given command over their kingdom that includes their quarter of the game mat, complete with fortresses, communities and locations, which may produce economic resources or be the sites for quests and battles. Each player controls a character called a "hero", who may traverse between locations with every turn and retains special starting items and scale-able abilities dictated by a special card. At the end of their turn, the player is to insert a plastic skull - representative of corruption - into an opening at the top of the Tower. When the skulls are released into a kingdom by the Tower, the kingdom's player must allocate them onto their structures and look to use their turns to battle the corruption. The skulls may be released either immediately or when a player is tasked with opening a compartment in the side of the Tower, causing the corruption to be released en masse. Players are allotted with an amount of turns representative of six months - the game becomes increasingly challenging, with more quests to complete, while also contending with the flow of corruption out of the Tower. If the Tower becomes too powerful and overwhelms the kingdoms, the game is lost. Return to Dark Tower features cooperative and competitive game modes, with mindfulness pertaining to the others' kingdoms being crucial. A Standard game typically lasts between 100 and 120 minutes.
Development
The original electronic board game Dark Tower was released by Milton Bradley Company in 1981. A strictly competitive game, Dark Tower pits up to four players against one another, with each player controlling a kingdom identical to the others, encompassing a quarter of the circular map board. At the center of the board is the battery-powered Tower, which contains a small membrane keyboard beneath a carousel that features a backlit display, depicting any number of pictures. Commanding a single hero game piece for their kingdom, each player inputs their actions and movements into the keyboard, followed by the Tower dictating what events will transpire. If the game determines that the player will face combat, the carousel will rotate and illuminate a picture associated with a foe and the game will determine if the battle is successful and how many troops the players has lost. After each turn, the Tower is to be rotated To win the game, players must obtain three keys within their kingdom, muster their forces and overcome the Tower itself in an attack. Though Milton Bradley was the third-largest toy manufacturer in the United States at the time of the Dark Tower'''s release, sales had slowed down, motivating the company to invest heavily in the game's success. Milton-Bradley invested between $750,000 to $1 million in developing the computer technology and programming to run the Tower. As such, Dark Tower was sold at between $55 and $65 - a price significantly higher than most board games. Despite its costs, Dark Tower was a critical success, with it being one of the most sought-after toys of 1981.Return to Dark Tower was designed by a team working at Restoration Games, a company founded in 2016 that specializes in restoring out-of-production board games, generally with new features and technology support added. Restoration Games president Justin D. Jacobson stated in an interview that he contacted the creators of the original Dark Tower and reached an agreement that would allow for Restoration Games to move forward with developing and publishing a sequel. In addition to Jacobson, Noah Cohen and Brian Neff, the designers of Return to Dark Tower included Isaac Childres and Rob Daviau, the lead designers of Gloomhaven and Pandemic: Legacy, respectively - two of the most-popular modern board games. Prior to the launch of the project's crowdfunding campaign in January 2020, Return to Dark Tower was in development for three years, with an emphasis upon modifying the rules to focus on cooperation, as well as developing the game's technology. The sequel's tower design was led by Tim Burrell-Saward, designer of connected tabletop game Beasts of Balance, and required extensive research and testing to allow for layers of interior chambers that spin and hatches lining the compartments intended to store skulls. Likewise, the development team was challenged with developing the app software necessary for connecting with the Tower via Bluetooth technology and coordinating the game's mechanics. In August 2018, following their successful Kickstarter campaign for the restoration of Fireball Island, Restoration Games announced Return to Dark Tower, along with their intentions to fund it through crowdfunding, as well.
Restoration Games launched the Kickstarter campaign for Return to Dark Tower on January 14, 2020. In addition to the base game, a number of other rewards were available, including the two expansions, Alliance and Dark Horde, featuring new playable heroes and miniature figurines. Within four hours, the project was successfully funded for $850,000. By the conclusion of the campaign on February 4, 2020, over $4 million was raised. Return to Dark Tower is currently slated for a 2021 release - forty years after the release of the original Dark Tower''.
References
External links
Board game sequels
Cooperative board games
Fantasy board games
Kickstarter-funded tabletop games
TorrentLocker is a ransomware trojan targeting Microsoft Windows. It was first observed in February 2014, with at least five of its major releases made available by December 2014. The malware encrypts the victim's files in a similar manner to CryptoLocker by implementing symmetric block cipher AES where the key is encrypted with an asymmetric cipher.
TorrentLocker scans the system for programs and files, and conceals the contents through AES encryption leaving ransom instructions to the victim on what has to be done, and how to pay the decryption ransom. The operator demands from the victim an amount that usually starts around within 3 days. The victim is told to pay the amount in Bitcoins, and is sent a unique Bitcoin address that differs for each infected user.
See also
CryptoLocker
Command and control (malware)
Cyber spying
Bitcoin Dominance
Identity theft
Malvertising
Phishing
Targeted threat
References
Web security exploits
Philip Trent Jewett (born March 3, 1964 in Dallas, Texas) is an American baseball coach and former minor league baseball player. He recently served as the bench coach for the Seattle Mariners from 2014 to 2015. He spent 2013 as the third-base coach of the Washington Nationals. Jewett joined the Nationals' coaching staff at the beginning of 2011 as a Major League coach, and later spent part of 2011 and all of 2012 as the Nationals' first-base coach.
Playing career
Jewett graduated from R.L. Turner High School, Carrollton, Texas, in 1982, and went on to the University of North Texas where he majored in business and played on the baseball team as catcher. He earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1988.
Jewett spent four seasons in the Pirates farm system as a catcher. For his career he had a .172 batting average with two HR and 26 RBI in 113 career games.
Minor-league manager
Jewett spent 17 years as a manager in Minor League Baseball, mostly in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization, including nine and a half seasons managing at the Triple-A level. Jewett has an overall MiLB managerial record of 1,178 wins and 1,166 losses for a winning percentage of .503. He won division titles in 1995 (Carolina Mudcats), 2003 (Nashville Sounds) and 2006 (Indianapolis Indians), and he led the Carolina Mudcats to the 1995 Southern League pennant.
He managed the Triple-A Calgary Cannons from 1996 to 1997, the Nashville Sounds from 1998 to 2000 and 2003 to 2004, and when the Pirates changed their Triple-A affiliate from Nashville to Indianapolis, Jewett became the manager of the Indianapolis Indians from to .
In 2009, Jewett began his first of two years as a manager in the Nationals' minor league system. He led their High-A affiliate, the Potomac Nationals, in 2009 before being promoted to manage the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs for 2010.
Coaching career
In the middle of the 2000 season, Jewett was promoted to the major-league Pirates as third-base coach, a position he held in Pittsburgh until the end of the 2002 season. This was his only hiatus from minor-league managing until he joined the Nationals' major-league coaching staff in 2011. On August 27, 2014, Jewett became interim manager for the weekend series against the Washington Nationals while Lloyd McClendon attended a wedding.
External links
Retrosheet
References
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dallas
Pittsburgh Pirates coaches
Seattle Mariners coaches
Washington Nationals coaches
Major League Baseball bench coaches
Major League Baseball third base coaches
Indianapolis Indians managers
Nashville Sounds managers
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Harrisburg Senators players
University of North Texas alumni
Syracuse Chiefs managers
Players of American football from Dallas
BIC or BIC code can refer to:
ISO 6346 – shipping container owner code, defined by the Bureau International des Containers (BIC)
ISO 9362 – business identifier code for banks and other institutions, defined by SWIFT
This is a list of free television software, and includes television-related software which is distributed as free software – under a free software licence, with the source code available.
Notable free television software
Aegisub - subtitle editing software
GeeXboX
Kdetv
Kodi (formerly XBMC)
Jellyfin
LinHES
LinuxMCE
LinuxTV
MediaPortal
Mythbuntu
MythTV
SubRip
Video disk recorder
Xawtv
ZoneMinder
See also
Comparison of PVR software packages
List of free and open-source software packages
List of Internet television providers
List of online video platforms
List of smart TV platforms
References
Television
Under New Management, also known as Honeymoon Hotel, is a 1946 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Nat Jackley, Norman Evans and Dan Young. The screenplay concerns a chimney sweep inherits a hotel and calls on a number of ex-army friends to staff it. The film was one of a number of films at the time dealing with the contemporary issue of demobilisation following the end of the Second World War.
Plot
Chimney sweep Joe (Norman Evans) inherits a dilapidated hotel which, with the help of former army chums as staff, he starts to turn around. A pair of devious property developers however, attempt to buy the hotel from him, knowing that the land is due to be redeveloped, and to increase in value when an airport is built nearby.
Cast
Nat Jackley - Nat
Norman Evans - Joe Evans
Dan Young - Dan
Betty Jumel - Betty
Nicolette Roeg - Brenda Evans
Cavan O'Connor - the Strolling Vagabond
Michael Taylor - Reg Allen
Tony Dalton - Tony
Marianne Lincoln - Marianne
Bunty Meadows - Bunty
Lynda Ross - Speciality Act
John Rorke - Father Flannery
Aubrey Mallalieu - John Marshall
G. H. Mulcaster - William Barclay
Babs Valerie - Bride
Hay Petrie - Bridegroom
Lily Lapidus - an Hotel Guest
Gordon McLeod - Mr. Allen
Joss Ambler - Hotel Manager
David Keir - Colonel
John Allen - Norman Wade
Dick Beamish - Hotel Servant
Arthur Wollum - Hotel Servant
Donovan Octette - Speciality Act
Mendel's Female Sextette - Speciality Act
Percival Mackey Orchestra - Themselves
References
Bibliography
Mundy, John. The British musical film. Manchester University Press, 2007.
External links
1946 films
1946 comedy films
British comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
Films set in hotels
British black-and-white films
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Kate Hawley is a New Zealand set and costume designer who works on film and stage productions. In film she designed the costumes for Crimson Peak (2015) and Mortal Engines (2018). Stage productions include work for the Royal New Zealand Ballet, the New Zealand Festival and the New Zealand Opera Company.
Biography
Hawley grew up in Wellington, New Zealand, and attended Samuel Marsden Collegiate School from 1982 to 1988. Following high school, she studied graphic design at the Wellington School of Design at Wellington Polytechnic, completing a diploma in visual communication design in 1992. In 1996, she attended the Motley Theatre Design Course in London.
Hawley began her career in theatre and opera productions, and later moved into costume design for film. In 1993 Hawley won Costume Designer of the Year at the Chapman Tripp Theatre Awards. She has taught at Toi Whakaari The New Zealand Drama School.
Some stage productions she has worked on include as the set and costume designer of The Blonde, the Brunette and the Vengeful Redhead starring Kerry Fox, directed by Colin McColl in 2006 for Auckland Theatre Company. Costume design for opera The Trial of the Cannibal Dog (composer Matthew Suttor, librettist John Downie, director Christian Penny, conductor Peter Scholes, producer New Zealand Festival), and set and costume design of Hansel and Gretel, a Royal New Zealand Ballet production choreographed by Loughlan Prior. In 2007 Hawley was the production designer of the New Zealand Opera production of Lucia di Lammermoor. In reviewing this production, Pepe Becker wrote:The all-female leaders of the creative team (director Lindy Hume, assistant director Sara Brodie and production designer Kate Hawley) are to be congratulated for their outstanding and ingenious direction. Venturing away from the traditional sort of production one expects for a Donizetti work proves to be a good move.In film Hawley has worked for Peter Jackson on The Lovely Bones and with Guillermero Del Toro on The Hobbit, Pacific Rim and Crimson Peak. She designed the costumes for Edge of Tomorrow (2014), the 2016 movie Suicide Squad, and Mortal Engines directed by Christian Rivers.
In 2016, Hawley was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Costume Design for her work on Crimson Peak.
References
Living people
People from Wellington City
New Zealand costume designers
Women costume designers
People educated at Samuel Marsden Collegiate School
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand theatre people
New Zealand scenic designers
New Zealand film people
Set designers
ISO 3166-2:RO is the entry for Romania in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Romania, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 41 departments and 1 municipality. The municipality Bucharest is the capital of the country and has special status equal to the departments.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Romania. The second part is either of the following:
one letter: municipality
two letters: departments
The letters are currently used in vehicle registration plates.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Subdivision names are sorted in Romanian alphabetical order: a, ă, â, b-i, î, j-s, ș, t, ț, u-z.
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Romania
FIPS region codes of Romania
NUTS codes of Romania
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: RO
Counties of Romania, Statoids.com
2:RO
ISO 3166-2
Romania geography-related lists
The London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham () is a London borough in West London and which also forms part of Inner London. The borough was formed in 1965 from the merger of the former Metropolitan Boroughs of Hammersmith and Fulham. The borough borders Brent to the north, the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea to the east, Wandsworth to the south, Richmond upon the Thames to the south west, and Hounslow and Ealing to the west.
Traversed by the east–west main roads of the A4 Great West Road and the A40 Westway, many international corporations have offices in the borough. The local council is Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council. The borough is amongst the four most expensive boroughs for residential properties in the United Kingdom, along with Kensington and Chelsea, the City of Westminster and Camden.
The borough is unique in London in having three professional football clubs: Chelsea, Fulham and Queens Park Rangers.
History
The borough origins are in the Ancient Parish of Fulham which goes back to at least the early 12th-century. Hammersmith was a chapelry within Fulham until it became an independent parish in 1631. The manor (estate) of Fulham can be traced back to the seventh century when it was granted to the Bishop of London.
The borough was formed in 1965 by merging the Metropolitan Borough of Hammersmith and the much more ancient Metropolitan Borough of Fulham. It was known as the "London Borough of Hammersmith" until its name was changed on 1 January 1979 by the borough council. The two had been joined together previously in the parish of Fulham until 1834 as the hamlet of Hammersmith had no church until much later. They were joined together again under the Fulham District from 1855 to 1886.
Fulham saw industrialisation and urbanisation from the start of the 19th-century, with the establishment of the world's first energy utility company, at Sands End in 1824, followed by road and rail transport development to the east of the borough. Vacant land by the new railway sidings on the boundary with Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council led to the development of the Earls Court Exhibition Centre, visited by Queen Victoria in 1879 when she attended Bill Cody's Wild West Show at West Brompton. There followed numerous international fairs and exhibitions for a century until the construction of Earls Court II in the borough in the 1980s. This was dismantled by developers in 2015.
At the other end of today's borough, in 1908, the Franco-British Exhibition and Olympic Games were hosted in Hammersmith, at White City, but the site then took many decades to be redeveloped. In 1960, the BBC opened the BBC Television Centre, and in 2008, Westfield London, a large development with new transport links and a shopping centre.
Districts
The borough includes the areas:
Brook Green
Chelsea Harbour (adjoining Chelsea)
College Park (adjoining Kensal Green)
East Acton (adjoining London Borough of Ealing)
Fulham
Hammersmith
Old Oak Common (adjoining Harlesden)
Parsons Green
Sands End
Shepherd's Bush
Walham Green
West Kensington
White City
see also parks and open spaces in Hammersmith and Fulham
Political control
Since 1964 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
Demographics
According to the 2001 census Hammersmith and Fulham has a population of 165,242. 60% of the borough's population is White British, 20% white non-British (among which are large French, Polish, Portuguese and Irish communities), 5% black Caribbean, 8% black African with various other ethnicities (including Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi and Chinese) making up the remaining 11 percent.
The borough has the second-highest proportion of single adults of any borough in England and Wales (55%), and a higher than average proportion for the London area of young adults aged 20–29 (24%).
Around 50% of households are owner–occupiers, and 22% of households were listed as "other" – that is, not single persons living alone or families. These are generally two or more unrelated adults living together, such as students or cohabiting couples.
The borough comprises a patchwork of extremely affluent as well as some less affluent neighbourhoods; The areas of Fulham, Parsons Green, Brackenbury Village, Brook Green, Ravenscourt Park and the Riverside compose of highly expensive Victorian and Edwardian houses, contrasting to the areas of White City and Shepherd's Bush. The unemployment rate is well below average at under 5%, although of these, 29% were listed as long-term unemployed.
See external links below for more census information from the borough.
Ethnicity
Economy
Sony Mobile Communications has its headquarters in the borough.
Iberia operates the Iberia House in the borough. All Nippon Airways operates the London Office on the fourth floor of Hythe House. South African Airways has its United Kingdom office in the South African Airways House. CE Europe, a subsidiary of Capcom, has its head office in the George House in Hammersmith in the borough. As of May 2011 it will be relocating to the Metro Building in Hammersmith. Iran Air's London offices are also located in the borough. The airline moved there by Wednesday 4 January 2012.Disney and L'Oréal also all have UK headquarters in Hammersmith, as well as a number of other major businesses.
For a 15-year period Air France had its UK and Ireland office in Hammersmith. In 2006 the UK and Ireland office was moved to Hatton Cross, London Borough of Hounslow.
Until 2013, Virgin Group Ltd. had its corporate headquarters at The School House, Brook Green. The office was moved to the Battleship Building, near the Westway in Paddington, in the City of Westminster.
Also, TAP Portugal runs an administrative office in the Borough, near to Hammersmith Bus Station.
Politics
Hammersmith & Fulham is administered by 46 councillors. The Labour Party won control of the borough at the 2014 council elections held on 22 May with 26 councilors to the Conservative Party's 20 councilors, following Conservative control of the council since the 2006 council election. The council leader is Stephen Cowan.
The borough is divided into 16 electoral wards, all bar two electing three councillors apiece. These are:
Addison
Askew
Avonmore & Brook Green
College Park & Old Oak
Fulham Broadway
Fulham Reach
Hammersmith Broadway
Munster
North End
Palace Riverside
Parson's Green & Walham
Ravenscourt Park
Sands End
Shepherd's Bush Green
Town
Wormholt & White City
Former councillors for Hammersmith and Fulham who are current members of parliament include Greg Hands MP (Con), Lisa Nandy MP (Lab) and Andrew Slaughter MP (Lab).
Sport
The borough has a proud sporting heritage going back to at least the second half of the 19th-century when the fledgeling Amateur Athletic Association of England came to the Lillie Bridge Grounds, followed there by football, boxing and First-class cricket. The borough is home to the world-governing body of Polo at The Hurlingham Club in Fulham and upholds the traditions of racketts and championship tennis at the Queen's Club, also in Fulham.
The borough is home to a number of sports teams and athletes:
Football
Chelsea Football Club is based in the borough and plays Premier League football having won the English national championship on six occasions (1955, 2005, 2006, 2010, 2015 and 2017) as well as the UEFA Champions League in 2012 and 2021. London's oldest professional football club, Fulham F.C. playing in the Premier League and Queens Park Rangers (playing in the Championship) are also based in the borough.
Footballers
Ex-Nottingham Forest, Newcastle United, West Ham United, Manchester City and England international defender Stuart Pearce was born in Shepherd's Bush.
Much-travelled former Queens Park Rangers striker Marcus Bent was born in Hammersmith.
Tony Bedeau of Torquay United and Walsall was born in Hammersmith in 1979.
Former Queens Park Rangers midfielder Lee Cook was born in Hammersmith in 1984.
Rugby
Hammersmith & Fulham RFC have been playing in the borough at Hurlingham Park for over 30 years. They boast four senior men's sides and one Ladies XV. The men's 1st XV currently compete in London's NE2 League with the remainder of the sides participating in the Middlesex Merit Tables.
Tennis
Public and private courts are available throughout the borough.
Boxing
Joe Calzaghe was born in Hammersmith in 1972.
Frank Bruno was born in Hammersmith in 1961.
Rowing
Lower Mall hosted several rowing clubs at the end of the 19th century, of which there are two survivors and one founded slightly later. Among those who moved elsewhere or were disbanded were those in the headquarters of the national governing body, British Rowing, The Priory.
The first half of the Boat Race course, which is known as the Championship Course, hosting hundreds of eights the weekend before and many other races, is on the borough's most obvious boundary: its section of the Tideway – the upper estuary of the Thames.
Transport
The numerous London Overground and London Underground stations in the borough are:
Barons Court tube station
East Acton tube station
Fulham Broadway tube station
Goldhawk Road tube station
Hammersmith tube station (Circle and Hammersmith & City lines)
Hammersmith tube station (District and Piccadilly lines)
Imperial Wharf railway station
Kensington Olympia railway station
Parsons Green tube station
Putney Bridge tube station
Ravenscourt Park tube station
Shepherd's Bush tube station
Shepherd's Bush Market tube station
West Brompton station while the entrance is in RBKC, the West London Line platforms are in the borough.
West Kensington tube station
White City tube station
Wood Lane tube station
The London Overground line now connects the borough with the North London Line via Willesden Junction station and direct services to Watford station to the north and services to East Croydon station to the south, via Clapham Junction railway station.
Two main road arteries, the A4 road and the A40 road cross the borough.
Hammersmith bus station at Hammersmith Broadway, above the District and Piccadilly lines tube station, is an important bus hub to most parts of London.
In March 2011, the main forms of transport that residents used to travel to work were: underground, metro, light rail, tram, 26.8% of all residents aged 16–74; bus, minibus or coach, 8.8%; on foot, 8.8%; driving a car or van, 8.2%; bicycle, 5.1%; work mainly at or from home, 4.2%; train, 3.1%.
Culture
The See of London has occupied the Fulham Palace riverside grounds for close on 900 years. The Palace is leased to the borough since 1977 and is now a museum.
The borough has four theatres (Riverside Studios, Bush Theatre, the Lyric Hammersmith and Curtains Up). LAMDA is based in the borough. There are several cinema complexes. Studio 106 Art Gallery holds regular exhibitions and workshops.
The Lyric Hammersmith, on Lyric Square off King Street, is considered one of the most notable theatres outside the West End in London.
The borough is also home to the Hammersmith Apollo and O2 Shepherd's Bush Empire, which play hosts to major concerts and stand-up comedy performances.
Education
Public libraries in the borough include Askew Road Library, Avonmore Library, Fulham Library, Hammersmith Library, Sands End Library, and Shepherds Bush Library. The Borough Archives, open to the public Mondays and Tuesdays, staffed mainly by volunteers, are accessed in Hammersmith Library.
The borough is the home of an 1893 establishment, the Sacred Heart High School, Hammersmith on Hammersmith Broadway, and of Lady Margaret School (LMS) on Parsons Green, a school that welcomes girls of all academic abilities aged 11–17 years. It has been at the forefront of girls' education for over 95 years and has its origins in Whitelands College School which was founded in 1842. When that school was threatened with closure Lady Margaret was established in September 1917 by the redoubtable Miss Enid Moberly Bell. The borough is also home to two prestigious independent girls' schools – St Paul's Girls' School in Brook Green (often ranked in first place in the country in league tables, with nearly 50% of each year group gaining entry to Oxbridge), and the Godolphin and Latymer School, situated a few minutes' walk from Hammersmith Broadway.
The London Oratory School is a leading Roman Catholic secondary school in East Fulham.
Latymer Upper School, an independent co-educational school, is also in the borough, on King Street in Hammersmith.
The exclusive independent girls' preparatory school Bute House is also in Brook Green.
There are two notable independent French language primary schools: Ecole Jacques Prevert in Brook Green and the Ecole Marie d'Orliac in Hurlingham.
See also
Hammersmith and Fulham parks and open spaces
The "Hammersmith Apollo"
Hammersmith and Fulham (UK Parliament constituency)
History of Shepherd's Bush
Tri-borough shared services
Twinned towns
The London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham has formal twinning arrangements with:
Anderlecht, Belgium
Boulogne-Billancourt, France
Neukölln, Germany. The twinning is commemorated by a former German street lamp from West Berlin that now stands on Hammersmith Riverside, in Furnival Gardens, and was given by Willy Brandt when he was Mayor of West Berlin in 1963.
Below it is a plaque which reads:
Freedom of the Borough
The following people and military units have received the Freedom of the Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
Individuals
George Cohen : 19 October 2016.
Military Units
Headquarters Squadron 31 Signal Regiment (Volunteers): 1981.
The Royal Yeomanry: 26 January 2011.
References
External links
Open data about Hammersmith & Fulham from OpenlyLocal
Hammersmith and Fulham
Hammersmith and Fulham
1965 establishments in the United Kingdom
The Somali wheatear (Oenanthe phillipsi) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
References
Somali wheatear
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Somali wheatear
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chloe So (, born 6 April 1994), Hong Kong actress, singer and model. She is an artist under the brand Sun Entertainment.
Biography
Chloe So grown up in Tai Kok Tsui, an older neighbourhood in Hong Kong, she had an average relation with her family. She studied in Lung Kong World Federation School Limited Lau Wong Fat Secondary School. In 2008, she participated the 12th Yes! Student Model Election, and entered the final round-of-20s. The reason of her participation in that Election is that being a model is her dream job and she hopes that she can be on photos that will be published on magazines. While she was still studying, she also became a part-time model on Magazines with her friend, Z. Koo.
In 2011, she signed a model contract with Sun Entertainment. In 2015 she signed a singer contract with Sun Entertainment, she was chosen in the talent show held in Commercial Radio Program Tricky () to become a member of girl group As One along with three other members, Kayan Chan (Kayan), Yuen Ching Chan (Tania) and Ng Shi Kai (Shin) to go to Korea to get training and officially start the musical career，becoming the second vocal.
When the girl group disbanded in December 2017, she continued her work as a model while starting to become an actor. Her first work is a ViuTV drama, Margaret and David series: Ex while learning how to improve her acting with Sammy Lam,Yau Chung Wai and Kearen Pang. In Spring 2018, she was chosen in the vintage ad of a lemon tea brand, she was noticed by netizens because she looks like Vivian Chow, the actor in the original ad. In 2020, she played as the protagonist's daughter, Keung Tsz Yau in TVB drama, Life After Death. Her look stands out and people noticed her. She joined Shaw Brothers that year until July of 2022.
Works
Drama
Films
Music videos
Other
2018: Arm Channel TV "The crush in My Dream" - Emilia
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Hong Kong film actresses
Hong Kong television actresses
Hong Kong female models
Hong Kong women singers
Brian Ua Flaithbertaigh, a Chief if the Name and possibly King of Iar Connacht, alive 1117.
Biography
The succession of the chiefs of Muintir Murchada after 1098 is uncertain. It seems that as of 1117, Brian was Chief of the Name. In that year, the annals state that
The battle of Leacain was given by Briain, son of Murchadh Ua Flaithbheartaigh, and the son of Cathal Ua Conchobhair, who had the Connaughtmen along with them, to Toirdhealbhach, son of Diarmaid, and the Dal-gCais, and made a slaughter of them in that battle.
Nowhere is it stated that Brian was King, nor is his obituary given in the years ahead. It may be that he was no more than a successful prince of the clan.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught, Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
Brian
12th-century Irish monarchs
SpongeBob SquarePants featuring Nicktoons: Globs of Doom is a 2008 video game, sequel to Nicktoons: Attack of the Toybots, and the fourth and final installment in the Nicktoons Unite! series. Characters from The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius, Danny Phantom, SpongeBob SquarePants, Invader Zim, and Tak and the Power of Juju appear. This is the only Nicktoons Unite! game to not feature characters from The Fairly OddParents. The original developers of the previous games for consoles, Blue Tongue Entertainment, did not return to create this installment.
Plot
One seemingly normal day, SpongeBob and Squidward are on their way to work when huge asteroids start raining down on Bikini Bottom. A huge drop of goo falls on Squidward, causing the top part of his face to turn orange and become a morphoid. He chases SpongeBob around the perimeter of someone's house until Patrick intervenes. Jimmy Neutron then arrives to take them to the Mawgu lair. The morphoids spawning from the asteroids start taking over Bikini Bottom.
SpongeBob and Patrick explore the vast Mawgu Lair, where they meet Danny Phantom and Tak, and the new Evil Syndicate composed of Technus, Beautiful Gorgeous, Tlaloc, and Plankton. Zim and Dib then arrive, with Zim joining the good guys, and Dib joining the Syndicate. They make a plan to stop the morphoids when the Wise Old Crab arrives to inform them about the technology in the lair. Jimmy is able to figure it out, and fits everyone with weapons fitting their personality: Jimmy receives some sort of helmet and a tennis racket, SpongeBob gets a bubble blower, Danny receives a device that allowed him to partly clone himself, Tak is given a staff, and Zim receives a plunger (which is referred to as a "plunger of doom"). Meanwhile, on the evil side, Technus receives an arm blaster, Plankton is given a hammer that allows him to grow (about to the height of Jimmy, Zim, and SpongeBob), Traloc receives a pouch of magic potions, Dib is given a gun-like balloon launcher, and Beautiful Gorgeous receives a heart-shaped megaphone.
They travel through Bikini Bottom, and they meet Bubble Bass, who grows gigantic and becomes a Morphoid after eating his last patty which had just been covered in goo. The group battles an army of Morphoids to free Gary, Squidward, and Patrick from the goo. They defeat Bubble Bass by feeding him Krabby Patties, causing him to vomit a large amount of goo onto SpongeBob. Luckily, SpongeBob doesn't mutate like the others, but suddenly speaks in evil voice when back at the lair getting washed of the goo, saying "Your world will end! My Globs of Doom will rain over your world. and take control. Daa!!!". The Wise Old Crab informs them that a huge robot called the Vessel of Portentia is hidden in the Mawgu Lair, and requires four special components to power it up.
The group moves to Zim's town, where GIR was playing with a taco that happened to be the first component of the Vessel of Portentia. GIR becomes mutated by the goo before giving, picks up the component, and runs away. The protagonists free Ms. Bitters, Gaz, and Professor Membrane from the goo, before facing the corrupted GIR, who tires out of attacking the heroes and is then beat up out of being possessed. The house drops some goo, which lands on SpongeBob. SpongeBob celebrates getting the component, but interrupts himself in the evil voice that threatens it will be "smugglering" the planet. The group discovers that the absorption of goo in SpongeBob's body has created a wavelength enabling the leader of the Morphoids to talk through him. SpongeBob snaps out of it when he smells a Krabby Patty Patrick was holding.
Moving on to Amity Park, they find that Morphoid asteroids rain on the citizens, freeing the Ghost Dog in the process. Goo falls on its head, resulting in him going on a mutated rampage through town. After freeing Dash, Tucker, and Jazz, they fight the Ghost Dog at a power plant, where Ghost Dog crashes into the wall, and goo flies off onto SpongeBob. They gain another piece of the Vessel, and it is again at the lair that Globulous Maximus reveals his identity through SpongeBob. Technus flicks SpongeBob's nose to snap him out of the trance when the Krabby Patty smell fails. SpongeBob tells his group that he saw Globulous Maximus, who is the ruler of the Morphoids and will bring doom, gloom, and evil.
Heading to Retroville, the group discovers that the goo has turned Jimmy's girl-eating plant into a monstrous giant, preparing to eat Cindy whole. After defeating several more Morphoids and freeing Carl, Cindy, and Sheen, they fight the girl-eating plant at the mall. After defeating the plant, SpongeBob gets covered by a glob of goo again. The third piece of the Vessel is retrieved, and SpongeBob states that Globulous Maximus is only a few light-years away from Earth, preparing to send more gigantic Morphoids to destroy it.
Finally, they go to Pupununu Village and find the fourth and final component of the Vessel of Portentia covered in goo and freeing Jibolba and Jeera. SpongeBob pokes the goo to try and free the component, and gets covered in goo. He grabs the component and races to the Mawgu Lair. At the Mawgu Lair, the evil voice of Globulous Maximus informs SpongeBob that he likes him and plans to become him.
The team inserts the pieces of the Vessel of Portentia and then speed towards space. They confront and defeat Globulous Maximus, who is a large asteroid himself with floating arms and a primary eye (along with several non-functioning others). Following Globulous's defeat, the Evil Syndicate betrays SpongeBob, Patrick, Zim, Danny, Jimmy and Tak to capture Globulous for their own evil plans, taking over the Vessel of Portentia and ejecting the heroes from the robot. Globulous Maximus opens up to the heroes, where he says that he does not want to be used for evil and reveals that he was created at the beginning of the universe—the Big Sneeze (a similarity to the Big Bang)—thus making him a huge orange booger. He is destroying their worlds, because he was distasteful of his form and thus took out his anger on others. SpongeBob then tells him to embrace who (or what) he is, and the group throws Krabby Patties in his mouth to make him feel better.
They then wonder how they will stop the Evil Syndicate from taking over the Earth. Globulous states that he has an idea, as he morphs into a huge, orange, and cycloptic version of SpongeBob. Depending on the player's actions, one of two endings will occur.
In the "bad" ending, which requires having a second player take control of the villains' robot on a file that hasn't already been completed and defeating the first player. The villains are shown to have captured Globulous in a giant glass jar, with the credits rolling immediately afterwards.
In the "good" ending, achieved by defeating the final boss, Globulous and the heroes manage to defeat the Vessel of Portentia on the moon, and it explodes in space, leaving the villains floating around. Globulous returns the heroes to Earth, and says that he will right the wrongs in the universe by taking the moniker "SpongeGlob". The heroes bid him farewell, and SpongeGlob blasts off into space. Meanwhile, SpongeBob sneezes, and the goo finally exits from his body through his many holes. Patrick compares this moment to the beginning of the universe where SpongeGlob was born, while the Wise Old Crab then summons a typical "The End" sign.
Development
The music of Globs of Doom was composed by Todd Masten. Masten noted that the story of the game had a "real 1950's sci-fi feel" and thus incorporated the theremin into many of the game's tracks. Masten based most of the game's music on the existing franchise music, but took several liberties including the use of heavy techno instruments in the scenes of the characters leaving the world and heading into space. Masten worked to give each environment and boss encounter a unique feel to help build suspense and tension. Masten worked 7/4 sections into the main theme to "mix things up a bit". The game's closing theme is a variation of the opening theme played with more modern instrumentation.
Reception
Globs of Doom received mixed to negative reviews from critics. Louis Bedigian of GameZone described the Wii version as "a button-masher for gamers under 12" and decided that "it won't rock anyone's world, but if you know a kid who loves these Nicktoons characters and enjoys simple, battle-filled games, Globs of Doom is one of SpongeBob's better adventures." Angelina Sandoval, also of GameZone, said that "Globs of Doom could have been that extraordinary kid's title and SpongeBob SquarePants game but it just falls short in almost every way. It's also not a very fun game despite the variety of characters and co-op gameplay. If your young gamer loves all of these characters I highly recommend a rental instead." Adam Ballard of IGN concluded that "Ultimately, it's a subpar SpongeBob game with Nicktoons tacked on for good measure. Suffice it to say that no amount of licensed characters can save this game from its monotonous gameplay and wretched camera."
References
Crossover video games
Action-adventure games
SpongeBob SquarePants video games
Danny Phantom video games
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius video games
2008 video games
Wii games
Invader Zim video games
PlayStation 2 games
Nintendo DS games
THQ games
Natsume (company) games
Video games about parallel universes
Tak and the Power of Juju
3D platform games
Nicktoons Unite!
Video games developed in the United States
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Below is a chronological listing of the United States senators from Idaho. The state was admitted to the Union on July 3, 1890, and its U.S. senators belong to Class 2 and Class 3. Idaho's current senators are Republicans Mike Crapo and Jim Risch. William Borah was Idaho's longest-serving senator (1907–1940).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 3, 1890 – December 18, 1890
| After joining the Union, Idaho did not elect its senators for six months.
| rowspan=4 | 1
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=2 | 1
| After joining the Union, Idaho did not elect its senators for six months.
| nowrap | July 3, 1890 – December 18, 1890
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 1
| rowspan=6 align=left | George Shoup
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | December 18, 1890 –March 3, 1901
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1890.
| Elected in 1890.Retired.
| nowrap | December 18, 1890 –March 3, 1891
| | Republican
| align=right | William McConnell
! 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1890.Lost re-election as a Silver Republican.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1891 –March 3, 1897
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Fred Dubois
! rowspan=3 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1895.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 3
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1897.Retired.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1897 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=4 | Populist
| rowspan=4 align=right | Henry Heitfeld
! rowspan=4 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 2
| rowspan=4 align=left | Fred Dubois
| | Silver Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1901 –March 3, 1907
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1901 as a Silver Republican, but changed party to Democratic.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 | 3
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1903.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –October 17, 1912
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Weldon Heyburn
! rowspan=5 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=25 | 3
| rowspan=25 align=left | William Borah
| rowspan=25 | Republican
| rowspan=25 nowrap | March 4, 1907 –January 19, 1940
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1907.
| rowspan=6 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 5
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1909.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | October 17, 1912 –November 18, 1912
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Heyburn's term.Lost election to finish Heyburn's term.
| nowrap | November 18, 1912 –February 6, 1913
| | Democratic
| align=right | Kirtland Perky
! 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1913 to finish Heyburn's term.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | February 6, 1913 –January 13, 1918
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 align=right | James Brady
! rowspan=4 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1913.
| rowspan=5 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 6
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1914.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | January 13, 1918 –January 22, 1918
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to continue Brady's term.Elected in 1918 to finish Brady's term.Resigned to become a Federal Trade Commissioner, having lost election to a full term.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | January 22, 1918 –January 14, 1921
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 align=right | John Nugent
! rowspan=2 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1918
| rowspan=4 | 6
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Nugent's term, having been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 15, 1921 –June 24, 1928
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Frank Gooding
! rowspan=5 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 1920.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1924.
| rowspan=5 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 8
| Re-elected in 1926.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | June 24, 1928 –June 30, 1928
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Gooding's term.Elected in 1928 to finish Gooding's term.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | June 30, 1928 –March 3, 1933
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | John W. Thomas
! rowspan=3 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1930.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1932.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1933 –January 3, 1939
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | James Pope
! rowspan=3 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1936.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 10
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1938.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3, 1939 –January 3, 1945
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 align=right | D. Worth Clark
! rowspan=5 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | January 19, 1940 –January 27, 1940
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 4
| rowspan=4 align=left | John W. Thomas
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 | January 27, 1940 –November 10, 1945
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to continue Borah's term.Elected in 1940 to finish Borah's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1942.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
| rowspan=8 | 11
| rowspan=8 | Elected in 1944.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=8 nowrap | January 3, 1945 –January 3, 1951
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 align=right | Glen H. Taylor
! rowspan=8 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 10, 1945 –November 17, 1945
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 5
| align=left | Charles C. Gossett
| | Democratic
| nowrap | November 17, 1945 –November 5, 1946
| Appointed to continue Thomas's term.Lost nomination to finish Thomas's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 6
| rowspan=2 align=left | Henry Dworshak
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 6, 1946 –January 3, 1949
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Thomas's term.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 7
| align=left | Bert H. Miller
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 3, 1949 –October 8, 1949
| Elected in 1948.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 11
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | October 8, 1949 –October 14, 1949
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 8
| rowspan=7 align=left | Henry Dworshak
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 nowrap | October 14, 1949 –July 23, 1962
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Miller's term.Elected in 1950 to finish Miller's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1950.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1951 –January 3, 1957
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Herman Welker
! rowspan=3 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1954
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 13
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1956.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | January 3, 1957 –January 3, 1981
| rowspan=14 | Democratic
| rowspan=14 align=right | Frank Church
! rowspan=14 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1960.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 13
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 23, 1962 –August 6, 1962
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 9
| rowspan=6 align=left | Len Jordan
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | August 6, 1962 –January 3, 1973
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Dworshak's term.Elected in 1962 to finish Dworshak's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 10
| rowspan=9 align=left | Jim McClure
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1973 –January 3, 1991
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1972.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1980.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1981 –January 3, 1993
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Steve Symms
! rowspan=6 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 11
| rowspan=9 align=left | Larry Craig
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1991 –January 3, 2009
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1990.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1992.Retired to run for Governor of Idaho.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1993 –January 3, 1999
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Dirk Kempthorne
! rowspan=3 | 16
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1996.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1998.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1999 –Present
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Mike Crapo
! rowspan=12 | 17
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 12
| rowspan=9 align=left | Jim Risch
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 2009 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2008.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2010.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 |24
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
| 24
|
Living former senators
, there are three living former U.S. senators from Idaho. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Jim McClure (served 1973–1991) on February 26, 2011.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Idaho
United States congressional delegations from Idaho
Notes
References
United States senators
Idaho
The Institute of Latin American Studies (ILAS) was one of nine research institutes that comprised the School of Advanced Study at the University of London. It was located in the landmarked Senate House building in Bloomsbury, Central London.
Following a consultation on proposals for the future of the school in late 2020, the activity of ILAS will be continued by the Centre for Latin American and Caribbean Studies (CLACS) established from April 2021 at the Institute of Modern Languages Research (IMLR), joining its six transnational and transcultural research centres.
History
The Institute of Latin American Studies was established in 1965 with the objective of providing a focus for research on the literature, arts, history, politics and economics of Latin America and the Caribbean. It has been part of the School of Advanced Study, the UK's national research centre and the only institution to receive national funding to promote research in the humanities.
ILAS's founding director was Robin Humphreys, the first professor of Latin American history and the founder of Latin American studies in the United Kingdom. Humphreys' tenure at ILAS from 1965 to 1974 "set the standards which gained for the subject academic status and funding".
Between 2004 and 2013, ILAS formed part of the Institute for the Study of the Americas (ISA), along with the Institute of United States Studies (IUSS). In August 2013, ILAS was re-established to focus solely on supporting research on Latin America and the Caribbean. From April 2021, ILAS's activity will be continued by the Centre for Latin American and Caribbean Studies (CLACS).
Mission
The national and international mission of ILAS has been to support researchers engaged in scholarship in the humanities broadly defined pertaining to Latin America and the Caribbean by building and maintaining national scholarly networks; hosting visiting fellows; hosting and promoting academic events; and providing digital resources of use for the research community.
The Institute's area studies focus has been multidisciplinary and, as part of the School of Advanced Study, has benefited from academic collaboration across a wide range of subject fields in the humanities and social sciences. Furthermore, ILAS has worked closely with cultural, diplomatic and business organizations with an interest in Latin America.
Research Projects
The Juridification of Resource Conflicts
Latin America and the Global History of Knowledge
Commodities of Empire
Resources
Research Portal
Library and E-Resources
The Caribbean Studies Collection
The Legal Cultures of the Subsoil Database
Academics and Rankings
ILAS has offered a variety of taught and research Master's degrees as well as a Doctorate of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Latin American and Caribbean Studies.
Despite enjoying international recognition as an established centre of excellence for research facilitation, the institute, as a postgraduate-only institution, has not been included in most university rankings tables.
Publishing
ILAS has been the editorial and administrative home of the renowned Journal of Latin American Studies. The institute's books have been published by the University of London Press, a fully open-access academic publisher based in the School of Advanced Study, of which ILAS has formed part.
Library
The Institute of Latin American Studies has maintained one of the premier libraries in Europe dedicated exclusively to the study of Latin America and the Caribbean, with much of the materials sourced directly from the countries of origin.
See also
Robin Humphreys
References
External links
Institute of Latin American Studies website
Website of a project sponsored jointly by the Institute of Commonwealth Studies (ICS) and the Institute for the Study of the Americas (ISA) Containing historical archives and access to an extensive collection of political ephemera.
School of Advanced Study website
Latin American Studies
Latin American studies
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in England
Almutaster is a North American genus of plants in the family Asteraceae containing the single species Almutaster pauciflorus (formerly Aster pauciflorus), which is known by the common name alkali marsh aster. It is native to Canada (Northwest Territories and the three Prairie Provinces), the Western United States, and northern and central Mexico (as far south as Tlaxcala). The genus is named for botanist Almut Gitter Jones.
Almutaster pauciflorus grows in wet alkaline and saline soils such as inland salt marshes and salt flats. This is a perennial herb growing a reddish-green glandular stem to heights from 30 to 120 centimeters. The narrow leaves are linear in shape and up to 10 centimeters long. The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads containing white to pale purple ray florets and a center of yellow disc florets. The head is lined with phyllaries covered in tiny white resin glands. The fruit is a hairy achene.
The inflorescence are a food source for adult Lepidoptera, although they may not be the principal pollinators.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile
Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California
Astereae
Monotypic Asteraceae genera
Plants described in 1818
Flora of Subarctic America
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the North-Central United States
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of the South-Central United States
Wespazjan (Vespasian) Kochowski (coat of arms: Nieczuja) (1633 in Gaj, a village which no longer exists, near Waśniów in Sandomierz Land – June 6, 1700 in Kraków) was one of the most noted historians and poets of Polish Baroque, the most typical representative of the philosophy and literature of Sarmatism.
Life
Kochowski was associated with Małopolska throughout his life. His parents were Jan (John), a middle rank nobleman (szlachcic), and Zofia (Sophie), née Janowski. He studied at the Nowodworski College, in Kraków. During the next ten years, he fought as a Polish winged hussar with Cossacks, Muscovy and Swedish (he took part, among others, in the battle of Beresteczko). In 1660 he came back to paternal Gaj, but he had to move to Goleniowy near Szczekociny in Kraków Land.
His first publication was a poem entitled Kamień świadectwa wielkiego w Koronie Polskiej senatora niewinności (The Stone of Testimony of the Innocence of the Great Senator of Polish Kingdom) in the defence of Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski. In 1668 he published his first volume, Różaniec Najświętszej Panny Maryi (The Rosary of Holy Virgin Mary), which considers each secret of rosary.
During that time, Kochowski was involved in political life (regional councils, state parliaments, local offices), gaining large respect among the nobility. He was even the podżupnik (administrator) of huge salt mines in Wieliczka near Kraków.
In 1674 he published his first masterpiece — Niepróżnujące próżnowanie (Not idling idleness). This is a collection of several hundreds verses, divided in four books of lyrics, one book of epodes and two books of epigrams. He showed the variety of topics, feelings, stylistic figures and versification forms. He expressed the care of Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, praised its triumphs, criticised its weaknesses, encouraged compatriots to defence it; he glorified life in the country and his paternal region, thanked God for looking for him and also joked at many ordinary situations in life.
In 1681 Kochowski also wrote two religious poems: Chrystus cierpiący (Suffering Christ), which laments the Passion of Our Lord, and Ogród panieński (Virgin's Garden), which explains the titles of Our Lady.
During the reign of John III Sobieski he turned towards history. In 1683 he wrote Annales Poloniae ab obitu Vladislai IV (The Annals of Poland from the Death of Ladislas IV), commonly called Klimaktery (Climacters). This is the history of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth under kings John II Casimir and Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki. Kochowski had used the information from many witnesses, documents and his own experiences and he had done it so well. This book is one of the main sources for the old Polish history.
In 1683 Kochowski took part in the battle of Vienna as historiographus privilegiatus (the privileged historian); a position granted to him by king Jan III Sobieski, an admirer of his historian skills. Next year he published the official relation from that – Commentarius belli adversus Turcas (Memoirs from the war against Turks). He also tried to make the national epos, but he managed to write only one canto, edited as Dzieło Boskie albo Pieśni Wiednia wybawionego (The Work of God or Songs of Liberated Vienna, also in 1684.
The last, most original and interesting piece of Kochowski was Trybut należyty wdzięczności wszystkiego dobrego Dawcy, Panu i Bogu albo Psalmodia polska za dobrodziejstwa Boskie dziękująca (The Appropriate Gift of Gratefulness for the Giver of Everything Good, Lord and God, or Polish Psalmody, Thanking for the God's Benefits) from 1695, usually called simply Psalmodia polska (The Polish Psalmody). It distinguishes itself, on one hand, by the Bible stylization, and on the other hand, by the change of point of view from Hebrew to Pole, from Jew to Christian, from ancient person to modern one. There are mixed 14 private and 22 public psalms. It tells about the expiation and the God's mercy, moderation of greeds and believing in the providence (złota mierność – the golden mean), special role of Poland in the world (antemurale christianitatis – the bulwark of Christianity) and the superiority of Polish political system (złota wolność – the golden liberty). Psalmodia polska is recognized as one of the main monuments of old Polish literature and the best synthesis of Sarmatism.
In 1658 Kochowski married Marianna (Marianne) Misiowska. They had a son, Hieronim Franciszek (Jerome Francis), as late as 1674. After the death of Marianna in 1677 he married rich widow Magdalena (Madeline) Frezer. In 1696 she also died.
He was the best friend of Jan Gawiński, who was also a good poet. His friends were also Stefan Bidziński (a well-known soldier), Hieronim Komornicki (abbot of Święty Krzyż) and Pakosław Lanckoroński (a politician).
Kochowski was very popular in his time. He was also very popular in the last period of partitions and between the Wars. Last time he is more and more esteemed again.
Works
Wespazjan Kochowski, Utwory poetyckie. Wybór, opr. Maria Eustachiewicz, Wrocław-Warszawa-Kraków, 1991 (Biblioteka Narodowa, seria I, number 92)
Wespazjan Kochowski, Lata potopu: 1655-1657, tł. Leszek Kukulski, opr. Julian Krzyżanowski, Adam Kersten, Warszawa, 1966
Wespazjan Kochowski, Psalmodia polska, Kraków, 2003
Wespazjan Kochowski, Wybór wierszy, Kraków, 2003
Wespazjan Kochowski, Poezje wybrane, opr. Halina Kaszprzakówna, Jerzy Starnawski, Warszawa, 1977
Wespazjan Kochowski, Niepróżnujące próżnowanie ojczystym rymem na liryka i epigramata polskie rozdzielone i wydane, opr. Wacław Walecki, Warszawa, 1978
Wespazjan Kochowski, Dzieło Boskie albo Pieśni Wiednia wybawionego, opr. Marian Kaczmarek, Wrocław, 1983
Wespazjan Kochowski, Pisma wierszem i prozą, wyd. Kazimierz Józef Turowski, Kraków, 1859 (jedyne pełne wydanie jego polskich poezji)
See also
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro
Jan Chryzostom Pasek
Wacław Potocki
Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski
Samuel Twardowski
Jędrzej Ustrzycki
References
The Polish Psalmody in Polish and English with comments
Biography and selected works
Vespasian Kochowski in Catholic Encyclopedia
Wespazjan Kochowski in Encyclopædia Britannica
Further reading
Jan Czubek, Wespazyan z Kochowa Kochowski, Kraków, 1900
Czesław Hernas, Barok, Warszawa, 1973
Maria Eustachiewicz, Wiesław Majewski, Nad lirykami Wespazjana Kochowskiego, Wrocław, 1986
Jerzy Starnawski, Wespazjan Kochowski, Wrocław, 1988
Krzysztof Obremski, Psalmodia polska. Trzy studia nad poematem, Toruń, 1995
Wespazjan Kochowski w kręgu kultury literackiej, red. Dariusz Chemperek, Lublin, 2003
External links
Works by Wespazjan Kochowski in digital library Polona
1633 births
1700 deaths
17th-century Latin-language writers
Baroque writers
17th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
Polish nobility
17th-century Polish philosophers
Polish poets
Polish male writers
17th-century male writers
Vyacheslav Mykhaylovych Leshchuk () (born 24 December 1951 in Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career
Leshchuk played his only game for USSR on 20 March 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.
In 1979 Leshchuk played couple of games for Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR.
References
External links
Profile
1951 births
Living people
People from Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Chornomorets Odesa players
Ukrainian football chairmen and investors
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Bolick may refer to:
People with the surname
Robert Bolick, Filipino basketball player
Clint Bolick (born 1957), co-founder of Institute of Justice, and current Vice President of Litigation at the Goldwater Institute
Frank Bolick (born 1966), Major League Baseball player
Leonard Bolick, American pastor
The Blue Sky Boys, former country duo consisting of Earl & Bill Bolick
Places
Bolick Historic District, historic district in North Carolina
Joan Mary "Jan" Anderson FAA FRS (13 May 1932 – 28 August 2015) was a New Zealand scientist who worked in Canberra, Australia, distinguished by her investigation of photosynthesis.
Life
Joan Mary Anderson was born in 1932 in Queenstown, New Zealand. Her father Dr Bill Anderson was a country doctor. Her mother died, after a long illness, when Anderson was eight. Much to the disappointment of her father, who had wanted her to become a doctor, she studied organic chemistry at the University of Otago. At the time, degrees were issued by the University of New Zealand, and she obtained a BSc and MSc with first class honours.
She obtained a scholarship, the King George V Memorial Fellowship for New Zealand, that allowed her to undertake postgraduate studies in the United States for one year. When she arrived at the University of California, Berkeley, she found that her New Zealand postgraduate degree was not recognised, which denied her access to the library, research facilities, and health insurance. To overcome this problem, she enrolled for a PhD, which she studied towards at the UC Berkeley College of Chemistry (1956–59) under the supervision of Melvin Calvin; Calvin received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1961.
She then taught at Wellington Girls' High School under a bond, but broke this arrangement to take up a job offer with the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) made to her four years earlier by John Falk of CSIRO Plant Industry.
She was the first to show that the photosynthetic mechanism comprises two fundamental components: photosystem I and photosystem II. Anderson was an adjunct professor at the Australian National University.
Anderson died on 28 August 2015. Her funeral was held at St John the Baptist Church, Reid, Canberra.
Awards and honors
She received many honors and awards for her work, including election as a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 1987, and as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996. She was awarded an honorary doctorate from Umeå University in 1998. She was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001. In 2017, she was selected as one of the Royal Society of New Zealand's "150 women in 150 words".
References
External links
Resources from the Australian National Library
1932 births
2015 deaths
20th-century British women scientists
Australian National University faculty
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
New Zealand biologists
People from Queenstown, New Zealand
People from Canberra
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
University of Otago alumni
UC Berkeley College of Chemistry alumni
Umeå University alumni
Regina D. Thomas is a former Democratic member of the Georgia State Senate, representing the 2nd District since a special election January 11, 2000. Previously, she was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1994 to 1998.
In the 2008 election, Thomas sought election to the U.S. House of Representatives from Georgia's 12th congressional district, running in the Democratic primary against the incumbent, John Barrow. She lost her challenge to Barrow by approximately 50 percentage points. She ran again in 2010, and, having unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination, planned to run as a write-in candidate in the general election, but in August 2010 the office of the Secretary of State of Georgia ruled that she was ineligible to do so.
In January 2019, Thomas announced that she planned to run for Mayor of Savannah, Georgia in that year's election. Thomas received 13.5% of the vote in the first round and was eliminated.
References
External links
Regina Thomas' 2008 campaign site
42 Reasons video
Georgia Legislature – Senator Regina Thomas official government site
Project Vote Smart – Senator Regina D. Thomas (GA) profile
Follow the Money – Regina D Thomas
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 1996 campaign contributions
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Georgia (U.S. state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Politicians from Savannah, Georgia
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
The Codex Necro is the first studio album by British extreme metal band Anaal Nathrakh. It was released on 22 November 2001.
The album was re-released on 24 April 2006, with four additional bonus tracks taken from the John Peel BBC Radio One Session broadcast on 16 December 2003. It was again re-released in 2009, with four additional bonus tracks taken from the Will Fuck Kill You demo.
Background
The person being suffocated on the album cover is Mick Kenney's younger brother. The album features sound samples from films such as Event Horizon, Excalibur, The Legend of Hell House, Omen III: The Final Conflict and Platoon. The 2006 re-release features the first ever live performance of "The Oblivion Gene", later to appear in its full re-recorded form on the subsequent album Domine Non Es Dignus. The title "Human, All Too Fucking Human" is a reference to Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophical text Human, All Too Human (Menschliches, Allzumenschliches, 1878).
Reception
Upon its release, The Codex Necro received positive reviews and numerous "album of the month" awards from various publications, and in 2009 and 2010 appeared in several notable "albums of the decade" lists, such as the Terrorizer Critics' "Albums of the Decade", Decibel magazine's "100 Albums of the Decade", and "The Decade's Best Metal" on avclub.com.
Track listing
Personnel
V.I.T.R.I.O.L. – vocals
Irrumator – all instruments
Production
Anaal Nathrakh – arrangement, production, recording, engineering, audio mixing
References
2001 debut albums
Anaal Nathrakh albums
Earache Records albums
Loxapine, sold under the brand names Loxitane and Adasuve (inhalation only) among others, is an antipsychotic medication used primarily in the treatment of schizophrenia. The medicine is a member of the dibenzoxazepine class and structurally very similar to clozapine. Several researchers have argued that loxapine, initially classified as a typical antipsychotic, behaves as an atypical antipsychotic.
Loxapine may be metabolized by N-demethylation to amoxapine, a tricyclic antidepressant.
Medical uses
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved loxapine inhalation powder for the acute treatment of agitation associated with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder in adults.
A brief review of loxapine found no conclusive evidence that it was particularly effective in patients with schizophrenia. A subsequent systematic review considered that the limited evidence did not indicate a clear difference in its effects from other antipsychotics.
Available forms
Loxapine can be taken by mouth. It is also available as an intramuscular injection and as a powder for inhalation.
Side effects
Loxapine can cause side effects that are generally similar to that of other antipsychotic medications. These include, e.g., gastrointestinal problems (like constipation and abdominal pain), cardiovascular problems (like tachycardia), moderate likelihood of drowsiness (relative to other antipsychotics), and movement problems (i.e. extrapyramidal symptoms [EPS]). At lower dosages its propensity for causing EPS appears to be similar to that of atypical antipsychotics. Although it is structurally similar to clozapine, it has much lower risk of agranulocytosis (which, even with clozapine, is 0.8%); however, mild and temporary fluctuations in blood leukocyte levels can occur. Abuse of loxapine has been reported.
The inhaled formulation of loxapine carries a low risk for a type of airway adverse reaction called bronchospasm that is not thought to occur when loxapine is taken by mouth.
Pharmacology
Mechanism of action
Some authors say loxapine is a "mid-potency" typical antipsychotic. However, unlike most other typical antipsychotics, it has significant potency at the 5HT2A receptor (6.6 nM), which is similar to atypical antipsychotics like clozapine (5.35 nM). The higher likelihood of EPS with loxapine, compared to clozapine, may be due to its higher affinity for the D2 receptor compared to clozapine, which has one of the lowest binding affinities at the D2 receptor of any antipsychotic.
Pharmacokinetics
Loxapine is metabolized to amoxapine, as well as its 8-hydroxy metabolite (8-hydroxyloxapine). Amoxapine is further metabolized to its 8-hydroxy metabolite (8-hydroxyamoxapine), which is also found in the blood of people taking loxapine. At steady-state after taking loxapine by mouth, the relative amounts of loxapine and its metabolites in the blood is as follows: 8-hydroxyloxapine > 8-hydroxyamoxapine > loxapine.
The pharmacokinetics of loxapine change depending on how it is given. Intramuscular injections of loxapine lead to higher blood levels and area under the curve of loxapine than when it is taken by mouth.
Chemistry
Loxapine is a dibenzoxazepine and is structurally very similar to clozapine, an atypical antipsychotic.
References
External links
Alpha-1 blockers
Alpha-2 blockers
Chloroarenes
Dibenzoxazepines
Piperazines
Typical antipsychotics
The Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government (, ; abbreviated BBWR) was a "non-political" organization in the interwar Second Polish Republic, in 1928–35. It was closely affiliated with Józef Piłsudski and his Sanation movement. Its major activists included Walery Sławek, Kazimierz Bartel, Kazimierz Świtalski, Aleksander Prystor, Józef Beck, Janusz Jędrzejewicz, Wacław Jędrzejewicz, Adam Koc, Leon Kozłowski, Ignacy Matuszewski, Bogusław Miedziński, Bronisław Pieracki, Adam Skwarczyński, and Janusz Franciszek Radziwiłł.
In 1993 Lech Wałęsa, then President of Poland, founded a Nonpartisan Bloc for Support of Reforms, in Polish Bezpartyjny Blok Wspierania Reform, likewise abbreviated "BBWR," which was meant to revive some of the traditions of the prewar "BBWR" and to form a parliamentary grouping explicitly supportive of President Wałęsa. In the 1993 elections, the new "BBWR" achieved limited success, capturing 5.41% of the vote.
BBWR in 1928–35
The BBWR was created in November 1927, by Walery Sławek, at the urging of Józef Piłsudski. The organization consisted of several smaller parties, including those representing national minorities. Also, a few deputies of the Polish Socialist Party and PSL Piast decided to join the new movement. The BBWR was not a classic political party, as it consisted of people with sometimes very different opinions. They were united by the personality of Piłsudski, whom they supported, and the BBWR had several targets: to carry out changes in the constitution, to keep the National Democracy political movement away from the parliament, and to attract conservatives and business circles.
The political program of the BBWR was announced on January 19, 1928. It was based on the following principles:
the cult of Józef Piłsudski,
criticism of party favouritism, which had a destructive influence on the condition of the state,
the need to change the constitution, with more power in the hands of the president and limiting the powers of the parliament,
social solidarism.
During the 1928 election campaign, which took place in March, the BBWR won 130 seats in the Sejm (out of 444), and 46 seats in the Senate (out of 111). On June 28, 1928, the government of Prime Minister Kazimierz Bartel was created. Even though the movement did not have a majority in the Polish Parliament, Józef Piłsudski regarded his party as the winner. Still, to his surprise, left-wing politician Ignacy Daszyński was chosen the speaker of the Sejm.
On April 14, 1929, Bartel's government was replaced by the more radical government of Kazimierz Świtalski. It was based on the so-called “group of colonels”, who were personal friends of Piłsudski. On December 6, 1929, the Sejm passed the motion of no confidence, and Bartel replaced Świtalski. The new government was dissolved on March 29, 1930, and the new Prime Minister was Walery Sławek. In response, opposition parties united, creating the so-called Centrolew, and organizing a mass anti-government demonstration in Kraków, on June 29, 1930. On August 25, 1930, Józef Piłsudski took the post of Prime Minister, and on September 9, the first arrests of opposition politicians took place. The parliament was dissolved, and the opposition leaders were imprisoned in the Brest Fortress.
In the 1930 election, which was also called the “Brest election”, the BBWR won 249 seats in the Sejm, and 75 in the Senate. On December 4, 1930, the second government of Walery Sławek was created. It existed until May 1930, when Aleksander Prystor became a new Prime Minister. Facing the financial crisis (see Great Recession), Prystor decided to cut public spending in order to balance the budget. In 1933, a program of public works was created to reduce widespread unemployment. Furthermore, in 1932 - 1933, the BBWR government carried out significant educational reform. Simultaneously, oppositional activities were curbed, following three new bills, which limited the means of street protests and possibilities of creating new movements (see also Brest trials).
In the summer of 1933, Prystor lost the confidence of Józef Piłsudski and was replaced by Janusz Jedrzejowicz. At the same time, Piłsudski and his subordinates began drafting the April Constitution, and on May 15, 1934, the new government of Leon Kozłowski was created. In June of the same year, Minister of Internal Affairs Bronisław Pieracki was murdered by the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists. The government in response opened the Bereza Kartuska detention camp.
After the death of Józef Piłsudski (May 12, 1935), the weakened BBWR continued to exist until October 30, when Walery Sławek dissolved it. The tradition of the movement was continued by the Camp of National Unity, formed in February 1937.
BBWR in the 1990s
The Nonpartisan Bloc for Support of Reforms (Bezpartyjny Blok Wspierania Reform, also abbreviated BBWR), was founded to continue the traditions of pre-war Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government. Its creation was announced by Lech Wałęsa on June 1, 1993, during a press conference in the garden of the Belweder. The movement was registered on October 30, 1993. It was a political party, supposed to provide Wałęsa with support in the Parliament. In the 1993 election, the BBWR won 5,41% of votes, or 8 seats (16 in the Sejm, 2 in the Senate). Disappointed with this result, Wałęsa began to disassociate himself from the organization.
The BBWR continued to exist until 1997. It supported Wałęsa in the 1995 presidential election, after which the party was split into several factions - the BBWR - Bloc for Poland (BBWR - Blok dla Polski), BBWR - United in Election (BBWR - Solidarni w Wyborach), New Poland (Nowa Polska), Republican Party (Partia Republikanie), and National Party of Retirees (Krajowa Partia Emerytow i Rencistow). In December 1997, Wałęsa created the Christian Democracy of the 3rd Polish Republic.
Election Results
Sejm
Sources
Krystyna Paszkiewicz: Partie i koalicje polityczne III Rzeczypospolitej. Wroclaw: Wydawnictwo Uniwersytetu Wroclawskiego, 2000, s. 13-16. .
See also
Camp of National Unity
National Radical Camp (1934)
Adam Czerniakow
1928 establishments in Poland
Political parties established in 1928
Political parties disestablished in 1935
1935 disestablishments
Defunct political parties in Poland
Józef Piłsudski
Euharamiyida also known as Eleutherodontida, is clade of early mammals or mammal-like cynodonts from the Middle Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of Eurasia and possibly North America. The group is sometimes considered a sister group to Multituberculata, or part of an earlier divergence within the synapsid line. It is disputed whether or not they are related to the Haramiyids from the Late Triassic, such as Haramiyavia. The morphology of their teeth indicates that they were herbivorous or omnivorous. The group is ecologically diverse, including both hyrax-like ground dwelling forms, and arboreal gliding forms similar to modern flying squirrels or colugos.
Evolution
The position of euharamyidans is contested. They are either considered crown group mammals as members of Allotheria, related to multituberculates, or they are considered to stem-group mammals within the Mammaliaformes. The position is often dependent on the relationships of euharamiyids to the Late Triassic haramiyids such as Haramiyavia and Thomasia. In some studies, the two groups are recovered as unrelated.
Phylogeny
The following topology was recovered by Huttenlocker et al. (2018).
The following topology was recovered by Mao et al. (2022).
Taxa
The following taxonomy follows Mao et al. (2022) unless otherwise cited.
Cryoharamiya
Maiopatagium
Megaconus
Millosodon
Sharypovoia
Sineleutherus
Woodeatonia
?Allostaffia
?Hahnodontidae Sigogneau-Russell, 1991
?Gondwanatheria
Arboroharamiyidae Zheng et al., 2013
Arboroharamiya
Vilevolodon
Xianshou
Kermackodontidae Butler and Hooker, 2005 (="Eleutherodontidae" Kermack et al., 1998) (considered by other studies to be multituberculates)
Kermackodon
Butlerodon
Shenshouidae Mao and Meng, 2019
Qishou
Shenshou
References
Jurassic first appearances
Jurassic extinctions
Taxa named by Shundong Bi
Taxa named by Yuanqing Wang
Taxa named by Xia Sheng
Taxa named by Jin Meng
Dalyup River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
When Surveyor General John Septimus Roe visited the river in 1848, he named it the Gore River, after one of Captain James Cook's crew from the Endeavour, Lieutenant John Gore.
The river was charted for the first time as the Dalyup River in 1875.
The name Dalyup is the Nyungar word for the king parrot.
The river rises west of Scaddan and flows south into Lake Gore.
The main tributary of the river is the West Dalyup River. Both rivers were formed 30 million years ago in the Oligocene Period resulting from the formation of the Ravensthorpe ramp.
The river is an ephemeral system that mainly flows as a result of winter rains. It is the primary source of water for Lake Gore.
The catchment area of the river has only 10% of the natural vegetation remaining, the rest has been cleared for agricultural purposes such as winter cropping or livestock production.
References
Rivers of the Goldfields-Esperance region
Dawn Marple (born November 1, 1970) is an American former handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Karanpurato railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Karanpurato in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
Tueeulala Falls is located on the north side of Hetch Hetchy Valley in Yosemite National Park. At roughly 880 feet it is the smaller of two large waterfalls that spill into Hetch Hetchy Reservoir, the other being Wapama Falls. It is, however, the larger of the two in terms of greatest free-fall distance, as Wapama is split into two falls. Tueeulala Fall drops free for 600 feet, hits a ledge, then slides steeply down 280 feet further. The hike to the top of the falls is off trail but fairly brush free and straightforward.
The waterfall is highly seasonal and is one of the most irregular waterfalls in the park. This is due to it being located on a channel of Falls Creek, the waterfall which Wapama Falls is on, that only flows during spring snowmelt when water from the creek overflows the bank. This can turn Tueeulala Falls into one of the most powerful waterfalls in the park during certain times, however it can also lose flow faster than any other waterfall in Yosemite.
References
External links
Tueeulala at Waterfalls West
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Landforms of Tuolumne County, California
Plunge waterfalls
The 2019–20 FIM Endurance World Championship was the 41st season of the FIM Endurance World Championship, a motorcycle racing series co–organised by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) and Eurosport. The season started at the Bol d'Or on the 21 September 2019 and ended with the 12 Hours of Estoril on the 27 September 2020.
Calendar
The calendar for the 2019–2020 season was released on 18 July 2019.
Calendar changes
The 8 Hours of Slovakia Ring was replaced by the new 8 Hours of Sepang.
Due to the coronavirus, the Oschersleben round was cancelled, and Le Mans and Suzuka were postponed to a later date.
The 2020 Bol d'Or was included in the updated calendar.
Further calendar changes saw the 2020 Bol d'Or & Suzuka 8 Hours cancelled. The former was replaced by the 12 Hours of Estoril.
Results and standings
Race results
Bold indicates the overall race winner.
Championship standings
Points systems
EWC Team's World Championship
EWC Manufacturer's World Championship
Superstock Team's World Cup
Superstock Manufacturer's World Cup
Independent Team's Championship
References
External links
2019
2019 in motorcycle sport
2020 in motorcycle sport
Alfreda Creek is a stream in Nipissing District of Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It is in the Ottawa River drainage basin and lies entirely within geographic Strathy Township which lies within the municipal boundaries of Temagami.
The creek has a characteristic U shape and begins at the south end of Alfreda Lake. It heads south for where it takes in an unnamed right tributary then flows southeastwards. Alfreda Creek then continues northeastwards for about , supplies a small unnamed lake and flows another where it empties into the south arm of Kanichee Lake. The creek has a total length of approximately .
See also
List of rivers of Ontario
References
External links
Rivers of Temagami
Strathy Township
Sir George Joseph Bean, OBE (19 September 1915 – 19 November 1973) was a British barrister and High Court judge who sat in the Queen's Bench Division from 1969 until his death four years later.
Born into a Jewish family, Bean was the son of George Bean and Phoebe Bean. He was educated at the Liverpool Institute and Liverpool University, where he was president of the students' union in 1937–38. He served in the British Army from 1939 to 1946, reaching the rank of colonel in the Royal Army Service Corps, and was mentioned in despatches.
Having been called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1940, Bean became a Queen's Counsel in 1963. He was Recorder of Carlisle from 1965 to 1969, when he was elevated to the High Court of Justice, receiving the customary knighthood. Assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, he sat there until his death in 1973. He was a member of the Parole Board from 1972 until his death.
His son is Sir David Bean, a Lord Justice of Appeal.
References
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540891.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-152137
1915 births
1973 deaths
People educated at Liverpool Institute High School for Boys
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
Queen's Bench Division judges
English Queen's Counsel
Royal Army Service Corps officers
English Jews
Members of the Middle Temple
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
British Army personnel of World War II
Stoina is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Ciorari, Mielușei, Păișani, Stoina, Toiaga, Ulmet and Urda de Sus.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Elena Martín Gimeno (born 1992) is a Spanish actress and filmmaker from Catalonia.
Biography
Born in Barcelona in 1992, Elena Martín Gimeno earned a degree in Audiovisual Communication from the Pompeu Fabra University. She starred as Àgata in the 2016 film , and made her feature film directorial with the 2017 drama Júlia ist, which she also co-wrote and starred. For this work, she won the Best Director Award at the Málaga Film Festival's Zonacine section. She later directed episodes of the season 1 of Perfect Life, an episode of the anthology series En casa and collaborated in the writing of Veneno (in which she also featured in a cameo). She also entered development of Creatura, her intended second feature.
Filmography (actress)
References
Living people
1992 births
Actresses from Barcelona
Pompeu Fabra University alumni
Film directors from Catalonia
Spanish women film directors
Film actresses from Catalonia
Spanish women screenwriters
21st-century Spanish screenwriters
21st-century Spanish actresses
During the 1893–94 season Hearts competed in the Scottish First Division, the Scottish Cup and the East of Scotland Shield.
Fixtures
East of Scotland Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
Scottish Cup
Scottish First Division
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 93-94
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Heart of Midlothian
Megeb (; Dargwa: Мия МехӀвела) is a rural locality (a selo) in Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 700 as of 2010.
Geography
Megeb is located 28 km southeast of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shangoda and Sogratl are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Joel Hardin (born in 1940 in Ontario, Oregon) is a former United States Border Patrol inspector and mantracking expert. He currently teaches tracking through his company Joel Hardin Professional Tracking Services based in Stites, Idaho.
Career
After high school, Joel joined the Idaho Air National Guard and served in the local police department of Emmett, Idaho. Later, in 1965, Joel joined the United States Border Patrol in which he served for 25 years, protecting both the U.S.-Mexico and U.S.-Canadian borders. It was during his time on the U.S.-Mexico border that he learned tracking from fellow Border Patrol agents, namely Albert "Ab" Taylor.
Since his retirement from the Border Patrol in 1990, Joel has devoted himself to mantracking, training search and rescue groups, military, law enforcement, and interested individuals.
Notable tracking cases
1979: assisted apprehension of Artie Ray Baker, ex U.S. special forces member, and his wife after the murder of a U.S. Customs Inspector
1982: allegedly debunked Bigfoot footprints allegedly faked by a part-time U.S. Forest Service employee at Walla Walla, Washington
Books
Tracker: Case Files & Adventures of a Professional Mantracker by Joel Hardin with Matt Condon, 2004,
References
External links
Joel Hardin Professional Tracking Services
Outside Magazine February 2002 article featuring Joel Hardin
ABA Article He Tries Men's Soles
People from Ontario, Oregon
1940 births
Living people
United States Border Patrol agents
Spalting is any form of wood coloration caused by fungi. Although primarily found in dead trees, spalting can also occur in living trees under stress. Although spalting can cause weight loss and strength loss in the wood, the unique coloration and patterns of spalted wood are sought by woodworkers.
Types
Spalting is divided into three main types: pigmentation, white rot, and zone lines. Spalted wood may exhibit one or all of these types in varying degrees. Both hardwoods (deciduous) and softwoods (coniferous) can spalt, but zone lines and white rot are more commonly found on hardwoods due to enzymatic differences in white rotting fungi. Brown rots are more common to conifers, although one brown rot, Fistulina hepatica (beefsteak fungus), is known to cause spalting among deciduous trees.
Pigmentation
Pigmentation is caused when fungi produce extracellular pigments inside wood. Bluestain is also a form of pigmentation; however, bluestain pigments are generally bound within the hyphae cell walls. A visible color change can be seen if enough hyphae are concentrated in an area. Pigmenting fungi classified as spalting fungi do decay wood, they simply do so at a slower rate (soft rotting) than white rotting fungi. The most common groups of pigmentation fungi are the imperfect fungi and the ascomycetes. Mold fungi, such as Trichoderma spp., are not considered to be spalting fungi, as their hyphae do not colonize the wood internally and they do not produce the enzymes necessary to digest the wood cell wall components.
White rot
The mottled white pockets and bleaching effect seen in spalted wood is due to white rot fungi. Primarily found on hardwoods, these fungi "bleach" by consuming lignin, which is the slightly pigmented area of a wood cell wall. Some white rotting can also be caused by an effect similar to pigmentation, in which the white hyphae of a fungus, such as Trametes versicolor (Fr.) Pil., is so concentrated in an area that a visual effect is created.
Both strength and weight loss occur with white rot decay, causing the "punky" area often referred to by woodworkers. Brown rots, the "unpleasing" type of spalting, do not degrade lignin, thus creating a crumbly, cracked surface which cannot be stabilized. Both types of rot, if uncontrolled, will render wood useless.
Zone lines
Dark dotting, winding lines and thin streaks of red, brown and black are known as zone lines. This type of spalting does not occur due to any specific type of fungus, but is instead an interaction zone in which different fungi have erected barriers to protect their resources. They can also be caused by a single fungus delineating itself. The lines are often clumps of hard, dark mycelium, referred to as pseudosclerotial plate formation.
Zone lines themselves do not damage the wood. However, the fungi responsible for creating them often do. Spalted wood is also sometimes known as web wood.
Conditions
Conditions required for spalting are the same as the conditions required for fungal growth: fixed nitrogen, micronutrients, water, warm temperatures and oxygen.
Water:
Wood must be saturated to a 20% moisture content or higher for fungal colonization to occur. Wood placed underwater lacks sufficient oxygen, and colonization cannot occur.
Temperature:
The majority of fungi prefer warm temperatures between 10 and 40 °C, with rapid growth occurring between 20 and 32 °C.
Oxygen:
Fungi do not require much oxygen, but conditions such as waterlogging will inhibit growth.
Time:
Different fungi require different amounts of time to colonize wood. Research conducted on some common spalting fungi found that Trametes versicolor, when paired with Bjerkandera adusta, took eight weeks to spalt 1.5 inch (38 mm) cubes of Acer saccharum. Colonization continued to progress after this time period, but the structural integrity of the wood was compromised. The same study also found that Polyporus brumalis, when paired with Trametes versicolor, required 10 weeks to spalt the same size cubes.
Commonly spalted woods
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources found that pale hardwoods had the best ability to spalt. Some common trees in this category include maple (Acer spp.), birch (Betula spp.) and beech (Fagus spp.). However, recent research suggests that sugar maple (Acer saccharum) and aspen (Populus sp.) are preferred by both white rot and pigment fungi.
Common spalting fungi
One of the trickier aspects to spalting is that some fungi cannot colonize wood alone; they require other fungi to have preceded them to create favorable conditions. Fungi progress in waves of primary and secondary colonizers, where primary colonizers initially capture and control resources, change the pH of the wood and its structure, and then must defend against secondary colonizers that then have the ability to colonize the substrate.
Ceratocystis spp. (Ascomycetes) contains the most common blue stain fungi. Other pigmenting fungi include Chlorociboria aeruginascens, Chlorociboria aeruginosa, Scytalidium cuboideum, and Scytalidium ganodermophthorum. Trametes versicolor, (Basidiomycetes) is found all over the world and is a quick and efficient white rot of hardwoods. Xylaria polymorpha (Pers. ex Mer.) Grev. (Ascomycetes) has been known to bleach wood, but is unique in that it is one of the few fungi that will erect zone lines without any antagonism from other fungi.
Research
Initial lab work was conducted on spalting in the 1980s at Brigham Young University. A method for improving machinability in spalted wood using methyl methacrylate was developed in 1982, and several white rot fungi responsible for zone line formation were identified in 1987. Current research at Michigan Technological University has identified specific time periods at which certain spalting fungi will interact, and how long it takes for said fungi to render the wood useless. Researchers from this university also developed a test for evaluating the machinability of spalted wood using a universal test machine.
References
Mycology
Woodworking materials
The Ibicuí River (Portuguese, Rio Ibicuí) () is a river in Rio Grande do Sul state of southern Brazil. The Ibicuí is 290 km in length, and is the main tributary of the Uruguay River. It is formed by the confluence of the Ibicuí-Mirim River and Santa Maria River at the city of Cacequi. The Ibicuí divides the cities of Uruguaiana and Itaqui.
The river's name, Ibicuí, means "ground of sand" in the Tupi language.
See also
List of rivers of Rio Grande do Sul
References
External links
Hidrografic Map of the State of Rio Grande do Sul
Bridge over Ibicuí River, constructed by the English in 1888
Information about Ibicuí River
Rivers of Rio Grande do Sul
Maru may refer to:
People
Maru (given name), a Spanish given name, a shortened form of Maria Eugenia
Maru (surname), a surname of Indic origin
Maru (mythology), a Māori war god
Ngāti Maru (disambiguation), several Māori tribes of New Zealand
Places
Maru, Shwegu, a village in Kachin State, Burma
Maru, Estonia,a village in Halliste Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia
Maru, Iran (disambiguation)
Maru (Irbid), a village in Irbid, Jordan
Maru, Kathmandu, a market and ceremonial square in Kathmandu, Nepal
Maru, Nigeria, a Local Government Area in Zamfara State
Maru-Aten, a palace or sun-temple in Armarna, Egypt
Maru Pradesh, a region in the Indian state of Rajasthan
Mount Maru (disambiguation) (丸山), the name for several mountains on Hokkaidō, Japan
Language
In Japanese maru (kanji: , hiragana: ), means circle; see
Marujirushi (, correct mark); the opposite of batsu (×)
Handakuten (, a Japanese diacritical mark ( ゜)
Maru language, one of several languages spoken among the Kachin people in Myanmar/Burma and China
Other uses
Maru (cat), a Japanese Internet celebrity cat
Maru, a 1971 novel by Bessie Head
Maru, a common suffix to Japanese ship names; See Japanese ship-naming conventions
Maru code (JN-39), a World War II code used by Japanese merchant ships
An alternate term for the Ancient Indian weapon maduvu
One of the ragas of the Sikh religion
One layer in a kuruwa, a Japanese castle wall system
See also
Măru (disambiguation)
Kessleria albanica is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Serbia and Montenegro and Albania.
The length of the forewings is 7.5–7.8 mm. The forewings are white with brown scales. The hindwings are greyish brown. Adults have been recorded in July.
References
Moths described in 1960
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Cascade County (cascade means waterfall in French) is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 84,414, making it the fifth-most populous county in Montana. Its county seat is Great Falls.
Cascade County comprises the Great Falls, MT Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
At the time of the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Cascade County was the territory of the Blackfeet. The county was named for the falls on the Missouri River.
The United States Army at one time had Fort Shaw as an outpost in the northwest part of the county. Only a small settlement is left by that name, a CDP.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. The Missouri River and the Sun River flow through the county, and meet at the city of Great Falls. A portion of the Adel Mountains Volcanic Field is in the southwest corner of the county. The Rocky Mountains are in the western part of the county with the Little Belt and Highwood Mountains in the southeast.
Adjacent counties
Teton County - northwest
Chouteau County - northeast
Judith Basin County - east
Meagher County - south
Lewis and Clark County - west
National protected areas
Benton Lake National Wildlife Refuge
Lewis and Clark National Forest (part)
Politics
Like Lewis & Clark County to the west, Cascade County leans Republican but has voted for Democrats four times since Lyndon Johnson's landslide in 1964. Hubert Humphrey easily won this county in 1968, one of nine counties that he was able to win. Barack Obama carried Cascade in 2008 but lost to Mitt Romney in 2012 by 9%. Since 2012, the county has voted Republican by comfortable margins. In 2020, Donald Trump won the county with over 58% of the vote, the best performance by a Republican since 1920.
In statewide races, Cascade County often acts as a bellwether county and has been friendlier to Democrats - Senators Max Baucus and Jon Tester have carried the county in all of their elections and Governors Brian Schweitzer and Steve Bullock carried it in all four elections in 2004–2016. Since at least 1984, no Democrat has won in Montana without winning Cascade County, however, Republicans have occasionally won statewide without carrying the county, such as former Senator Conrad Burns in 1988 and 2000, Governors Marc Racicot in 1992 and Judy Martz in 2000, Secretaries of State Bob Brown in 2000 and Brad Johnson in 2004, and Attorney General Tim Fox in 2012.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 80,357 people, 33,809 households, and 21,403 families living in the county. The population density was 12/km2 (30/sq mi). There were 37,276 housing units at an average density of 5/km2 (13/sq mi).
The racial makeup of the county was 90.72% (72,897) White, 1.1% (900) Black or African American, 4.2% (3,394) Native American, 0.8% (652) Asian, 0.08% (67) Pacific Islander, 0.7% (547) from other races, and 2.4% (1,900) from two or more races; the Asian population doubles when taking two or more races into consideration. 2.4% (1,949) of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 22.5% were of German, 11.1% Irish, 10.2% Norwegian, 8.8% English and 7.7% American ancestry. 95.4% spoke English, 1.7% Spanish and 1.1% German as their first language.
There were 32,547 households, out of which 32.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.30% were married couples living together, 9.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.10% were non-families. 28.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.97.
The county population contained 26.00% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 28.10% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 14.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,971, and the median income for a family was $39,949. Males had a median income of $28,993 versus $20,970 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,566. About 10.40% of families and 13.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.60% of those under age 18 and 8.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 81,327 people, 33,809 households, and 21,403 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 37,276 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.2% white, 4.3% American Indian, 1.2% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.6% from other races, and 3.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.5% were German, 17.1% were Irish, 12.3% were English, 10.3% were Norwegian, and 4.5% were American.
Of the 33,809 households, 29.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.7% were non-families, and 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 38.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,389 and the median income for a family was $53,540. Males had a median income of $37,904 versus $27,944 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,963. About 10.9% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Malmstrom Air Force Base is a driving force in the regional economy. In 2009, Benefis, Great Falls Clinic, National Electronics Warranty and Walmart were the largest private employers.
Education
Apollos University, The University of Great Falls, and the MSU College of Technology - Great Falls are both located in Great Falls.
K-12 education
Public school districts include:
Secondary:
Belt High School District
Cascade High School District
Great Falls High School District
Simms High School District
Centerville High School District
Elementary:
Belt Elementary School District
Centerville Elementary School District
Cascade Elementary School District
Great Falls Elementary School District
Sun River Valley Elementary School District
Ulm Elementary School District
Vaughn Elementary School District
There is also a state-operated school, Montana School for the Deaf & Blind.
Communities
City
Great Falls (county seat)
Towns
Belt
Cascade
Neihart
Census-designated places
Big Stone Colony
Black Eagle
Cascade Colony
Centerville
Fair Haven Colony
Fort Shaw
Gibson Flats
Hardy
Malmstrom AFB
Monarch
Pleasant Valley Colony
Riceville
Sand Coulee
Simms
Stockett
Sun Prairie
Sun River
Tracy
Ulm
Vaughn
Unincorporated communities
Adel
Armington
Armington Junction
Ashuelot
Dearborn (partially within Lewis & Clark County)
Eden
Emerson Junction
Gordon
Millegan
Number Seven
Salem
Sheffels
Portage
In popular culture
Several motion pictures have been filmed in Great Falls. Many have filmed in both Cascade County and Great Falls, and a few in just Cascade County (outside the Great Falls city limits). Those films shot in the county and outside Great Falls city limits include:
Thunderbolt and Lightfoot (1974)
The Stone Boy (1984)
The Untouchables (1987)
Holy Matrimony (1994)
The Slaughter Rule (2002)
Northfork (2003)
Iron Ridge (2008)
Wildlife (2018)
See also
List of lakes in Cascade County, Montana
List of mountains in Cascade County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cascade County, Montana
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Cascade County official website
Montana counties on the Missouri River
1887 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1887
The 2003 O'Byrne Cup was a Gaelic football competition played by the teams of Leinster GAA.
O'Byrne Cup
References
External links
Leinster G.A.A. Results 2003
O'Byrne Cup
O'Byrne Cup
Margaret Wharton (1943-2014) was an American artist, known for her sculptures of deconstructed chairs. She deconstructed, reconstructed and reimagined everyday objects to make works of art that could be whimsical, witty or simply thought-provoking in reflecting her vision of the world.
A longtime Chicago-based artist, Wharton had a prolific and celebrated career. Her work is included in a number of national museums and collections, and she has had lasting impact on multiple generations of artists. She died in her house at the age of 70 on January 20, 2014, in Riverside because of 'complications related to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease'.
Biography
Margaret Wharton was born in Portsmouth, Virginia in 1943.
She received a degree from the University of Maryland in College Park and worked briefly in advertising before marrying and moving to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania where her husband began working at Bethlehem Steel. After starting a family Wharton became interested in working with steel. She took her first welding course at Moravian College in 1967.
She took classes at the School of the Art Institute, graduating with a B.F.A. in 1975 in sculpture. Wharton is also known for her part in founding Artemesia Gallery in 1972, Chicago's first all-female art gallery. Featured artists included Hollis Sigler, Phyllis Bramson, Vera Klement, Carole Harmel and Claire Prussian. While Wharton was primarily a welder, she also created sculpture in wood, found objects, and non-traditional materials. Chairs feature prominently in her work.
Works
Wharton's first solo exhibition took place at the Phyllis Kind Gallery in Chicago in 1976. She had eleven more solo shows at the Kind Galleries in Chicago and New York City between 1977 and 1991. In 1981-82 another solo exhibition by Wharton, sponsored by the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, traveled to Texas, Florida, and South Carolina. This exhibition was reviewed in Artforum in January 1982. Her work has been invited to many group exhibitions in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Wharton won the Anna Louise Raymond award in the "Fellowship Show" at the Art Institute of Chicago (1975), and the Logan Prize (1974) in the "Chicago and Vicinity Show" at the same institution. She completed commissions for the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago (1985), and the Chicago Public Library, West Lawn Branch (1986). Wharton also has been awarded grants from the National Endowment for the Arts (1980, 1988).
Her work is in major private and permanent collections, including the Art Institute of Chicago and the Museum of Contemporary Art, both in Chicago; the Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, DC; the Dallas Museum, Texas; the Madison Art Center, Wisconsin; Seattle Art Museum, Washington; and the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City.
Honors, grants, and awards
Solo exhibitions
Selected collections
American Medical Association, Chicago, IL
The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, IL
Arthur Andersen Company, Chicago, IL
AT&T, Chicago, IL
Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.
Dallas Museum, Dallas, TX
First National Bank, Chicago, IL
Madison Art Center, Madison, WI
Milwaukee Art Museum, Milwaukee, WI
Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, IL
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Seattle Art Museum, Seattle, WA
State of Illinois Collection, Chicago, IL
Union League Club, Chicago, IL
Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, NY
Yale University Art Museum
References
American artists
Artists from Virginia
2014 deaths
1943 births
Shinya (Shin'ya) is a Japanese given name, usually for males. It is pronounced as "Shin-ya", not "Shi-nya". Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese curler and curling coach
, Japanese politician
Shinya Aoki (born 1983), professional mixed martial artist
Shinya Arino (born 1972), Osaka comedian part of and host of GameCenter CX
, Japanese jazz drummer and composer
, Japanese voice actor
Shinya Hashimoto (1965–2005), professional wrestler
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese professional baseball player
Shinya Kimura, bike builder
, Japanese video game director and designer
Shinya Makabe, (真壁 伸也, born 1972), professional wrestler, known professionally as Togi Makabe
Shinya Matsuda, a voice actor
Shinya Nakamura (born 1973), professional Go player
Shinya Nakano (born 1977), motorcycle racer
Shinya Ōtaki (born 1953), a Japanese voice actor
, Japanese biathlete
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese voice actor
Shinya Takahashi (born 1963), a video game producer
, Japanese swimmer
Shinya Tsukamoto, film director and actor
, Japanese comedian and television presenter
, Japanese footballer
Shinya Yamada (born 1970), drummer of the band Luna Sea
, Japanese shogi player
Shinya Yamanaka, cell biologist,
Shinya (musician) (born 1978), drummer of the band Dir en grey
Fictional characters:
Shinya Aiba, Tekkaman Evil
Shinya Kogami, Psycho-Pass
Shinya Hiragi, Owari no Seraph
Shinya Oda, Persona 5
Shinya or Shin'ya (written: or ) is also a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese speed skater
, Japanese swimmer
Japanese-language surnames
Japanese masculine given names
The half guinea gold coin of the Kingdom of England and later of Great Britain was first produced in 1669, some years after the Guinea entered circulation. It was officially eliminated in the Great Recoinage of 1816, although, like the guinea, it was used in quoting prices until decimalisation.
Value
The value of the guinea had fluctuated over the years from twenty to thirty shillings, and back down to twenty one shillings and sixpence by the start of George I's reign. A Royal Proclamation of December 1717 fixed the value of the guinea at twenty one shillings. The value of the half guinea was thus fixed at ten shillings and sixpence (written as 10s 6d or 10/6: the latter is the style used on the price ticket of The Hatter's hat in the story Alice's Adventures in Wonderland).
The present day value of a 1717 half guinea is about £. A golden half guinea in fine condition would be worth considerably more.
History
Charles II
During the reign of King Charles II, the elephant and castle logo of the Africa Company appeared on some coins from 1676 to 1684, although the denomination was produced in all years between 1669 and 1684. The coin weighed 4.2 grams and was 20 millimetres in diameter.
The obverse and reverse of this coin were designed by John Roettier (1631 – ). The obverse showed a fine right-facing bust of the king wearing a Laurel wreath, surrounded by the legend CAROLVS II DEI GRATIA, while the reverse showed four crowned cruciform shields bearing the arms of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, between which were four sceptres, and in the centre were four interlinked "C"s, surrounded by the inscription MAG BR FRA ET HIB REX date. To avoid confusion with gilded silver coins the edge was milled to deter clipping or filing—in 1669 the milling was perpendicular to the coin, giving vertical grooves, while from 1670 the milling was diagonal to the coin.
James II
John Roettier continued to design the dies for this denomination in the reign of King James II. In this reign, the coins were of the same dimensions as before, and were minted in 1686-1688. The elephant and castle mark was only used on some coins in 1686, which are particularly scarce. The King's head faces left in this reign, and is surrounded by the inscription IACOBUS II DEI GRATIA, while the obverse is the same as in Charles II's reign except for omitting the interlinked "C"s in the centre of the coin. The edge of the coins are milled diagonally.
William and Mary
With the removal of James II in the Glorious Revolution of 1688, his daughter Mary, and her husband Prince William of Orange ruled jointly by agreement as co-monarchs. Their heads appear conjoined on the guinea piece in Roman style, with William's head uppermost, with the legend GVLIELMVS ET MARIA DEI GRATIA. In a departure from the previous reigns the reverse featured a totally new design of a large crowned shield which bore the arms of France in the first quarter, of Scotland in the second quarter, of Ireland in the third quarter, and of England in the fourth quarter, the whole ensemble having a small shield in the centre bearing the rampant lion of Nassau; the legend on the obverse read MAG BR FR ET HIB REX ET REGINA date. By the early part of this reign the value of the guinea had increased to nearly thirty shillings. The half guineas of this reign weighed 4.2 grams, were 20 millimetres in diameter. The credit for the design of the gold coinage of this reign is usually given to James and Norbert Roettier, but the 1689 coin bears somewhat caricatured heads of the monarchs, and it is thought that this is in the style of George Bower (d. 1689/90), an artist who designed the first type of penny and halfpenny of 1689 and also produced a number of medals with grotesque and cartoon-like busts. Records show that Bower was instructed in July 1689 'to make a puncheon for the Halfe Guinneys ande to worke it in the Mint'; the heads of the halfpenny, penny, and half guinea of 1689 don't share the harmony of design of later Roettier work. Half guineas were produced in all years between 1689 and 1694 with the elephant and castle appearing in 1691 and 1692.
William III
Following the death of Queen Mary from smallpox in 1694, William continued to reign as William III. The half guinea coin was produced in all years from 1695 to 1701, with the elephant and castle appearing on some coins from 1695, 1696, and 1698, the design probably being the work of James Roettier and John Croker.
The coins of William III's reign weighed 4.2 grams with a diameter of 20 millimetres. William's head faces right on his coins, with the legend GVLIELMVS III DEI GRATIA, while the reverse design of William and Mary's reign was judged to be unsuccessful, so the design reverted to that used by Charles II and James II, but with a small shield with the lion of Nassau in the centre, with the legend MAG BR FRA ET HIB REX date. The coin had a diagonal milled edge.
Anne
The reign of Queen Anne (1702–1714) produced pre-Union half guineas in 1702, 1703, and 1705. The 1703 half guinea bears the word VIGO under the Queen's bust, to commemorate the origin of the gold taken from the Spanish ships at the Battle of Vigo Bay. With the Union of England and Scotland the design of the reverse of the half guinea was changed. Until the Union, the cruciform shields on the reverse showed the arms of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland in order, separated by sceptres and with a central rose, and the legend MAG BR FRA ET HIB REG date. With the union, the English and Scottish arms appear conjoined on one shield, with the left half being the English arms and the right half being the Scottish arms, and the order of arms appearing on the shields becomes England+Scotland, France, England+Scotland, Ireland and the legend MAG BRI FR ET HIB REG date. The centre of the reverse design shows Star of the Order of the Garter. The coins weighed 4.2 grams, were 20 millimetres in diameter. The edge of the coin is milled diagonally.
The dies for all half-guineas of Queen Anne and King George I were engraved by John Croker, an immigrant originally from Dresden in the Duchy of Saxony.
George I
King George I's half guinea coins were struck between 1715 and 1727 except 1716, with the elephant and castle sometimes appearing in 1721. The coins weighed 4.2 grams, were 20 millimetres in diameter, with a diagonally milled edge.
The obverse shows the right-facing portrait of the king with the legend GEORGIVS D G M BR FR ET HIB REX F D. The reverse follows the same general design as before, except the order of the shields is England+Scotland, France, Ireland, and Hanover, with the legend BRVN ET L DVX S R I A TH ET EL date ( Brunsuicensis Et Lueneburgensis Dux, Sacri Romani Imperii Archi-Tessarius et Elector, "Duke of Brunswick and Lueneburg, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire").
George II
King George II's guinea pieces marks are a complex issue, with eight obverses and five reverses used through the 33 years of the reign. The coins were produced in all years of the reign except 1735, 1741, 1742, 1744, 1754, and 1757. The coins weighed 4.2 grams, and were 20 millimetres in diameter. Some coins issued between 1729 and 1739 carry the mark EIC under the king's head, to indicate the gold was provided by the East India Company, while some 1745 coins carry the mark LIMA to indicate the gold came from Admiral Anson's round-the-world voyage. The edge of the coin was milled diagonally, the coin being too thin to take the chevron milling applied to the larger gold coins from 1739.
The obverse has a left-facing bust of the king with the legend GEORGIVS II DEI GRATIA (GEORGIUS II DEI GRATIA between 1740 and 1745), while the reverse features a single large crowned shield with the quarters containing the arms of England+Scotland, France, Hanover, and Ireland, and the legend M B F ET H REX F D B ET L D S R I A T ET E (Magnae Britanniae Franciae Et Hiberniae Rex, Fidei Defensor, Dux Brunsvicensis Et Lueneburgensis, Sacri Romani Imperii Archi-Tessarius et Elector, "King of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lueneburg, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire").
George III
The half guinea was minted in nearly all the years of the long reign of King George III (1760–1820).
The half guineas of George III weighed 4.2 grams and were 20 millimetres in diameter except from 1787 when they were 20-21 millimetres in diameter. They were issued with seven different obverses and three reverses in 1762-1766, 1768, 1769, 1772–1779, 1781, 1783–1798, 1800–1806, 1808–1811 and 1813. All the obverses show right-facing busts of the king with the legend GEORGIVS III DEI GRATIA with different portraits of the king. The reverse of half guineas issued between 1761 and 1786 show a crowned shield bearing the arms of England+Scotland, France, Ireland and Hanover, with the legend M B F ET H REX F D B ET L D S R I A T ET E date. In 1787 a new design of reverse featuring a spade-shaped shield was introduced, with the same legend; this has become known as the Spade Half-Guinea.
In 1774 almost 20 million worn guineas of William III and Queen Anne were melted down and recoined as guineas and half-guineas.
In 1801 the king relinquished his claim on the French throne, and the legend on the reverse was altered to reflect this, and the Hanoverian arms were removed from the coat of arms. The reverse of the 1801-1813 half guinea features a crowned shield within a Garter, with HONI SOIT QUI MAL Y PENSE on the Garter, and BRITANNIARUM REX FIDEI DEFENSOR around the edge, and date between the edge inscription and the garter.
Replacement
In the Great Recoinage of 1816, the guinea was replaced as the major unit of currency by the pound.
See also
For other denominations, see British coinage
Notes
External links
British Coins - Free information about British coins. Includes an online forum.
British gold coins
Coins of Great Britain
Coins of England
Coins of the United Kingdom
Lumino is a settlement in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
Location
Lumino is located approximately , by road, south of Busia, the nearest large town and the location of the district headquarters. This location is approximately , by road, east of Kampala, the largest city and capital of Uganda. The coordinates of Lumino are 0°19'30.0"N, 33°59'45.0"E (Latitude:0.324997, Longitude:33.995831).
Population
The 27 August 2014 national census enumerated the population of Lumino sub-county at 14,624.
Landmarks
The landmarks within the town limits or close to the edges of town include:
Musita–Mayuge–Lumino–Majanji–Busia Road - the road continues northwards for to Busia. Also at Lumino, a southern spur of the road continues for to the northern shores of Lake Victoria at Majanji.
See also
Busia District, Uganda
Majanji
References
External links
Water Supply And Water Use In Lumino, Southeast Uganda
Populated places in Uganda
Cities in the Great Rift Valley
Busia District, Uganda
Fatma İpek Bilgin (born 24 March 1956) is a Turkish actress, theatre director and translator. Aside from her career on stage, Bilgin has appeared in various movies and TV series. She has worked for the Ankara State Theatre and first became noticed in the 2000s with her roles on television. Her daughter, Çağ Çalışkur, is also an actress.
Bilgin has also translated works by Eric Morris and Joan Hotchkis from English to Turkish. In 2000, she was awarded together with Aylin Damcıoğlu as the Best Actress at the 48th Art Institution Theatre Awards.
Filmography
References
External links
1956 births
Actresses from Istanbul
Turkish stage actresses
Turkish television actresses
Turkish film actresses
Living people
Perks is a surname.
List of people with the surname
Ellis Perks (born 1997), British speedway rider
Gord Perks (born 1963), Canadian environmentalist, political activist, writer and Toronto city councillor
Marcelle Perks, British author and journalist
Micah Perks (born 1963), American fiction writer and memoirist
Reg Perks (1911–1977), English cricketer
Robert Perks (1849–1934), British politician
Sarah Perks, English curator and producer of contemporary visual art and independent films
Thomas Perks (1883–1953), English cricketer
William George Perks, better known as Bill Wyman, bassist of the Rolling Stones
See also
Parks (surname)
Perkins
Perks (disambiguation)
English-language surnames
Surnames of English origin
Surnames of British Isles origin
Muž roku ("Man of the Year") is an annual national male beauty pageant that selects Czech Republic's representatives to participate globally. The winner of Muž roku competes in Mister International and the runners-up compete in Men Universe Model, Manhunt International, Mister Global, Man of the World and Mister United Continents pageants.
Between years 2008 and 2012 David Novotný was organizing also Muž Roku Slovenskej Republiky in the same pageant together with Muž roku for the Czech Republic.
Titleholders
Mister International Mister Supranational Mister Global Man of the World Man of the Year Mister Grand International Mister Tourism World Men Universe Model Manhunt International Men Super Model Mister United Continents
First runner-up
Second runner-up
Third runner-up
Fourth runner-up
Fifth runner-up
International pageants
Color key
Mister International
Mister Supranational
Mister Global
Man of the World
Man of the Year
Mister Grand International
Mister Tourism World
Manhunt International
Men Universe Model
Men Super Model
Mister United Continents
See also
Czech Miss
References
External links
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Recurring events established in 1997
1997 establishments in the Czech Republic
Czech awards
Mister Global by country
In mathematical representation theory, a (Zuckerman) translation functor is a functor taking representations of a Lie algebra to representations with a possibly different central character. Translation functors were introduced independently by and . Roughly speaking, the functor is given by taking a tensor product with a finite-dimensional representation, and then taking a subspace with some central character.
Definition
By the Harish-Chandra isomorphism, the characters of the center Z of the universal enveloping algebra of a complex reductive Lie algebra can be identified with the points of L⊗C/W, where L is the weight lattice and W is the Weyl group. If λ is a point of L⊗C/W then write χλ for the corresponding character of Z.
A representation of the Lie algebra is said to have central character χλ if every vector v is a generalized eigenvector of the center Z with eigenvalue χλ; in other words if z∈Z and v∈V then (z − χλ(z))n(v)=0 for some n.
The translation functor ψ takes representations V with central character χλ to representations with central character χμ. It is constructed in two steps:
First take the tensor product of V with an irreducible finite dimensional representation with extremal weight λ−μ (if one exists).
Then take the generalized eigenspace of this with eigenvalue χμ.
References
Representation theory
Quicken is a personal finance management application originally developed and offered by Intuit, Inc. Intuit sold Quicken to H.I.G. Capital in 2016, and H.I.G. sold Quicken to Aquiline Capital Partners in 2021.
Quicken runs on Windows and Macintosh systems, though the data is incompatible between the two versions. Earlier versions ran on DOS and the Apple II. Versions of Quicken range from "starter" editions to more advanced offerings. Since 1998, each version has tended to have the release year in the product name (e.g., Quicken Basic 2008); before then, versions were numbered (e.g., Quicken 8 for DOS).
Quicken is only available for purchase and use in Canada and the United States, and only in English.
Product description
The Quicken name typically refers to the core product offering of personal financial management software. The software includes financial planning activities that, historically, people may have done on paper – recording banking transactions, planning a budget and measuring progress against it, tracking investments and their prices and performance. Quicken has offered various editions, with varying prices – such as Basic which includes only those typical activities for someone with simple banking accounts, to Small Business for someone who also runs a business out of their home.
Quicken includes online services that allow users to retrieve transactions from various providers – such as their bank or credit card company. In most cases, online services and technical support are now supported for up to three years after the product's labeled version. e.g. Quicken 2018 will be supported until 2021.
Related products
The Quicken brand had extended to other personal and household areas, including healthcare, but these extra applications are now defunct.
Quicken Health Expense Tracker was a free online tool for healthcare consumers enrolled in participating health plans. Users could "manage and direct their health care finances, view and organize medical expenses, payments and service histories, and download and organize personal health claims data." The Quicken Medical Expense Manager was a desktop software tool for managing healthcare paperwork, tracking claims and payments, and consolidating related information.
Quicken Kids & Money was a Web-based program that aimed to help parents teach five- to eight-year-old children how to earn, spend, save, and share money.
The only remaining extended product is Quicken Home & Business, which is aimed at smaller/less complex businesses than would use QuickBooks. Quicken Home & Business encompasses management of rental properties, and is only available on the Windows platform.
Software as a service
Quicken Online was a free, hosted solution (see software as a service) by Intuit. Intuit hosted all of the user's data, provided patches and regularly upgraded the software automatically. Initially, this was launched as a monthly paid subscription, and was a free service for over a year.
Intuit completed the acquisition of competitor Mint.com on November 2, 2009. Quicken Online was discontinued on August 29, 2010, and users were encouraged to transition to Mint.com.
Beginning with Quicken 2018, Quicken became a subscription service. Annual memberships can be purchased directly from Quicken.com. Quicken no longer associates the year with the release, the name is merely e.g. "Quicken Deluxe".
Editions
The following are current (selling and supported) and retired (discontinued in both sales and support) versions of Quicken.
Current
Quicken Starter, Deluxe, Premier for Windows or Mac; support is for the duration of the subscription
Quicken Home & Business for Windows; support is for the duration of the subscription
Simplifi money by Quicken
Retired
(Dates retired are shown.)
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2017 - April 30, 2020
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2016 - April 30, 2019
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2015 - April 30, 2018
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2014 - April 30, 2017
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2013 - April 30, 2016
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2012 - April 30, 2015
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business Edition 2011 - April 30, 2014
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business, Rental Property Manager 2010 - April 30, 2013
Starter, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business 2009 - April 30, 2012
Basic, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business 2008 - April 27, 2011
Basic, Deluxe, Premier, Home & Business 2007 - April 30, 2010
2006 (Win) – April 30, 2009
2005 (Win) – April 30, 2008
2004 – April 30, 2007
2003 – April 25, 2006
2002 – April 19, 2005
2001 – April 19, 2005
2000 – May 18, 2004
98 and 99 – April 20, 2004
Version 6 for Windows. "Designed for Windows 95. Release 6.0. (c) 1996"
Version 3 for Windows 3.1
Quicken Essentials for Mac - April 30, 2015
Quicken for Mac 2007 - retired October 2016
Quicken Mac 2007 OS X Lion compatible - retired October 2016
Quicken for Mac 2006
Quicken for Mac 2005 - retired April 30, 2015
Problems
Intuit stopped supporting its Quicken software in the United Kingdom in 2005, leaving many thousands of users with only partly functional software.
In 2008 and 2009, Quicken users reported an unusually large number of software bugs for a commercial product. A review of Quicken 2010 suggests that quality and user interface in that product year is dramatically improved.
Existing Quicken Online users' data is not transferable/importable into Mint.com. This is in direct contrast to VP Aaron Patzer's promise, made on April 27, 2010: "[Until the merger with Mint.com is complete], you can continue to use Quicken Online just like you have. Once we have completed integrating all features to Mint, you will be able to easily transfer your information and data to ensure the smoothest transition possible."
History of Quicken on Mac
Quicken was originally written for MS-DOS and the Apple II back in 1983 and first released in 1984. The substantial differences between the Mac and these two platforms meant the later Macintosh version was written from the ground up. This led to incompatibilities between the file formats for the earlier versions and the Macintosh version.
When Mac OS X came out in 1999 (server) and 2001 (desktop), a new platform emerged. Apple provided backward compatibility with the classic macOS in Mac OS X, so Quicken for Mac development continued in an older platform database structure (PowerPC-based). After they switched the Mac from PowerPC to Intel processors, Apple continued to support PowerPC-based apps (via Rosetta) on their Intel-based Macs until Mac OS X Lion.
In 2009, faced with the eventual retirement of support for PowerPC-based applications, it was deemed that the structure for Quicken for Mac (2007) was not suited for the direction of the Mac (intel) and OS X. Though they got Quicken for Mac 2007 to run on Intel in 2012, Intuit decided to start from scratch and Quicken Essentials for Mac (QEM) was created in 2010. Quicken 2015 for Mac, released in August 2014, and later versions for Mac are built on the Quicken Essentials for Mac foundation. These newer versions of Quicken for Mac use an SQLite database.
References
External links
Accounting software
Intuit software
1983 software
DOS software
2016 mergers and acquisitions
Apple II software
Dobrokhotov () is a masculine Russian surname.
People
Alexander Dobrokhotov (born 1950), a Russian philosopher and historian.
Gennady Dobrokhotov (born 1948), a Soviet boxer.
Nikolay Dobrokhotov (1889-1963), a Soviet scientist and metallurgist.
Roman Dobrokhotov (born 1983), a Russian journalist.
References
Russian-language surnames
Samuel Amaechi Okafor (born 17 March 1982) is a Nigerian former footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Colchester United.
Career
Born in Xtiam, Nigeria, Okafor made his first and only Football League appearance at the end of the first-year of his three-year scholarship at Colchester United. His only game came against Blackpool on 8 May 1999, a 2–1 defeat at Bloomfield Road. He came on as a half-time substitute for David Gregory.
Although he made no further appearances for the club, Okafor remained with the U's for the duration of his three-year scholarship. He also had first-team experience while out on a work experience loan at Dover Athletic in the Conference, where he made four appearances between March and May 2001. At the end of the 2000–01 season however, he was released by Colchester after the club's management decided he did not possess enough quality for Division Two football at the time.
After leaving Colchester, Okafor went on to play for non-league teams including Sittingbourne, Enfield, Hampton & Richmond Borough and Bromley while gaining a career in the City of London.
Personal life
Following his short football career Okafor became involved in the banking industry. Okafor married in 2003 but divorced in 2017 before re-marrying in 2017. He has four children in total, two of his own and two step children with his new wife Grace Okafor whom he married in October 2017.
Despite growing up in South London, Okafor supports North London based team Arsenal FC.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Association football midfielders
Colchester United F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Sittingbourne F.C. players
Enfield F.C. players
Hampton & Richmond Borough F.C. players
Bromley F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Muhlenberg County () is a county in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,928. Its county seat is Greenville.
History
Muhlenberg County was formed in 1798 from the areas known as Logan and Christian counties. Muhlenberg was the 34th county to be founded in Kentucky. Muhlenberg was named after General Peter Muhlenberg, who was a colonial general during the American Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (2.6%) is water.
Features
The two primary aquatic features of Muhlenberg County are the Green River and Lake Malone. The northern area of the county's geography includes gently rolling hills, river flatlands, and some sizeable bald cypress swamps along Cypress Creek and its tributaries. The southern portion consists of rolling hills with higher relief. The southern part of the county is dotted with deep gorges. This area is known for many sandstone formations. Several north-south-oriented faults cross the county's midpoint. Coal is found in these faults, across the county's central part. Most remaining deposits reside deep underground; previous near-surface deposits have now been exhausted by strip mining. In former years, it was common to see machines such as the "Big Brother" Power Shovel (pictured on the right) throughout the county. During the 1970s and early 1980s, Muhlenberg County was the state leader in coal production and sometimes the top coal producer in the United States. Strip mining was criticized in the song "Paradise" by John Prine.
Sandstone is the county's most abundant rock type, although limestone becomes more common toward the southern area of the county. Two mines for extracting iron ore have been attempted, at Old Airdrie on the banks of the Green River, and at Buckner Furnace south of Greenville, Kentucky. Both iron ore mines were extant in the late 19th century and early 20th century; neither were successful.
Green River
The -long Green River is a tributary of the Ohio River. It provides a commercial outlet for goods (primarily coal) to be shipped from the county to the major trade centers along the Mississippi River.
Lake Malone
Lake Malone () is in southern Muhlenberg County near Dunmor. It, and a portion of the surrounding hardwood forest, form Lake Malone State Park, maintained by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife. The lake's surface extends into two neighboring counties, Todd and Logan. There are sandstone cliffs and natural sandstone formations along the lake shore including a natural bridge, although the bridge itself is not inside the park boundary.
Adjacent counties
McLean County (north)
Ohio County (northeast)
Butler County (east)
Logan County (southeast)
Todd County (south)
Christian County (southwest)
Hopkins County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 31,499 people, 12,979 households, and 9,057 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,675 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.19% White, 4.65% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.19% from other races, and 0.72% from two or more races. 0.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. The median income for a household in the county was $28,566. 15.50% of families and 19.70% of the population was below the poverty line, including 26.00% of those under age 18 and 17.00% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Muhlenberg County has been a major coal-producing region for the United States for many years; during most of the 1970s, Muhlenberg County annually produced more coal than anywhere else in the country. Although coal mining in the county waned in the late 1980s and early 1990s, as the 21st century began, the coal-mining industry in Muhlenberg and surrounding counties began to expand and has once again provided a significant number of jobs in the region. One reason for this is the willingness of utility operators to install flue gas cleaning systems so that bituminous coal can be burned with fewer airborne contaminants. Another reason is that most coal from the western US has a lower BTU content.
Muhlenberg County held Kentucky's first commercial coal mine, opened in 1820 as the "McLean Drift Bank" along the Green River in the former village of Paradise. The mine and its impact on the community are referenced in the John Prine song "Paradise". Other major employers in Muhlenberg County include:
The Tennessee Valley Authority Paradise Combined Cycle Plant in Drakesboro
The Green River Correctional Complex in Central City
Dyno Nobel in Graham
EBA&D in Graham
Muhlenberg Community Hospital in Greenville
Muhlenberg County Board of Education in Powderly
Kentucky National Guard Wendell H. Ford Regional Training Center & Kentucky UTES
Armstrong Coal Company in Central City
Ken-American Resources: Paradise Underground Mine in Central City
Kentucky Utilities Green River Generating Station in Central City
Wal-Mart in Central City.
Uncle Lee's / Wing Supply in Greenville, Kentucky
Gourmet Express in Greenville
Chamber of commerce
In January 2006, the chambers of commerce from Central City and Greenville merged to form the Greater Muhlenberg Chamber of Commerce representing over 155 local businesses.
Incoming industries
Peabody Energy's proposed Thoroughbred Energy Plant, a coal-burning power generation facility expected to bring 450 permanent jobs to the area, was to be located in Central City. The plant was projected to begin electricity generation in 2007, but a dispute over Peabody's air quality permit halted construction plans. The power plant plans have now been scrapped, as was a later partnership between Peabody Energy and ConocoPhillips Oil Company called "Kentucky NewGas".
Education
Schools
Public schools in Muhlenberg County are operated by the Muhlenberg County Board of Education. They include:
Elementary (K-5)
Bremen Elementary School in Bremen
Central City Elementary School in Central City
Greenville Elementary School in Greenville
Longest Elementary School in Powderly
Muhlenberg South Elementary School in Beechmont
Middle (6-8)
Muhlenberg North Middle School in Powderly
Muhlenberg South Middle School in Greenville
High (9-12)
Muhlenberg County High School in Greenville.
Postsecondary
Muhlenberg Campus of Madisonville Community College (Central City)
Muhlenberg Career Development Center (between Central City & Greenville)
Former schools
Drakesboro Elementary School in Drakesboro (closed in 2006)
Graham Elementary School in Graham (closed in 2004)
Hughes-Kirkpatrick Elementary School in Beechmont (closed in 2006)
Lake Malone Elementary School in Dunmor (closed in 2005)
Muhlenberg North High School (closed in 2009)
Muhlenberg South High School (closed in 2009)
Libraries
Harbin Memorial Library in Greenville is a public library, with free access to high-speed internet
Central City Library in Central City is a public library, with free access to high-speed internet.
These libraries are operated as Muhlenberg County Public Libraries.
Thistle Cottage Genealogy and History Annex in Greenville also operates under the umbrella of Muhlenberg County Public Libraries as a museum and history archive.
History of education
At one time the county hosted eight secondary schools. Drakesboro Community closed after the class of 1964 graduated and in 1990, the school board consolidated the middle and high school students into two middle and two high schools. Bremen High School, Central City High School, Graham High School, and half of Muhlenberg Central High School became Muhlenberg North Middle School and Muhlenberg North High School, while the other half of Muhlenberg Central High School, Drakesboro High School, Hughes-Kirkpatrick High School, Greenville High School, and Lake Malone School (which housed some middle school students) became Muhlenberg South Middle School and Muhlenberg South High School. The eight distinct schools continued to house elementary school students.
In 2004, the school board began consolidating the elementary schools, closing Graham Elementary School and transferring students to The Longest Elementary Greenville Elementary Schools; closing Lake Malone School and transferring students to Hughes-Kirkpatrick Elementary School. In 2005 Drakesboro Elementary School was closed, with students first attending Hughes-Kirkpatrick Elementary and then Muhlenberg South Elementary School (2006). Hughes-Kirkpatrick was later closed.
Muhlenberg North and Muhlenberg South High Schools were merged into a single Muhlenberg County High School in June 2009.
Media
WMTA AM 1380 Radio (1955) Central City
WNES AM 1050 Radio (1955) Central City
Times Argus (1909) Central City
Leader-News established in Greenville, now located in Central City
SurfKY News (2008). Based in Madisonville, this online news service serves Muhlenberg County and surrounding counties.
WKYA FM 105.5 Radio Greenville
WEKV FM 101.9 Radio studio in Central City, transmitter at Pleasant Ridge, Kentucky in Ohio County
Sites of interest
Lake Malone State Park in Dunmor
Muhlenberg County Rail to Trails, converted railroad track between Central City and Greenville
Brewco Motorsports shop in Central City
Thistle Cottage, a museum and art gallery in Greenville (now part of Muhlenberg County Public Libraries)
Four Legends Fountain in Drakesboro
Muhlenberg County Agriculture and Convention Center in Powderly
Morgan Memorial Park in Greenville
The Muhlenberg County Park, a sports facility adjacent to the Muhlenberg County High School west campus in Greenville
The Brizendine Brothers Nature Park in Greenville
Luzerne Lake City Park in Greenville
Paradise Park in Powderly, includes:
Coal Mines Shotgun House
Merle Travis Birthplace
Paradise Park Museum
Springridge School
Tennessee Valley Authority Paradise Fossil Plant in Drakesboro, one of the nation's largest Coal-Fired Power Plants. Site includes:
Public Boat Launch Ramp along the Green River
Public Fishing Lakes
Historic Village of Paradise Cemetery, the only remnant of the village along the Green River.
Central City Convention Center, Fitness Facility and Outdoor Pool & Spray Park in Central City
Muhlenberg County Courthouse (1907) in Greenville
Muhlenberg County Veterans Mall and Plaza in Greenville
Lt. Ephraim Brank Memorial & Trail, at Greenville's Veteran's Mall
The Pillars of Community have enhanced the beauty of downtown Greenville by adding "Art to Restoration". The locations include:
FAITH – United Methodist Church on North Main Street
FAMILY – Across from the MCTI Theater on North Main Street
ENTERPRISE – Between Edward Jones Investments & 1st KY Bank
PATRIOTISM – At the United States Post Office on Courts Street
EDUCATION – In front of Greenville Elementary School on East Main Cross
ARTS – In front of Thistle Cottage on Cherry Street
HEALTH – In front of Muhlenberg Community Hospital
TEAMWORK – At Martin Ground along East Main Cross
Historic Gristmill Stone, adjacent to the Veterans Mall at the Muhlenberg County Courthouse
The Summerhouse, a gazebo in Greenville
Annual events
Rods and Ribs BBQ Festival in Central City the first Saturday in June
Labor Day Cruise-In in Central City
Saturdays on the Square - summers in Greenville
Squash & Gobble arts bazaar and fall festival - Greenville
The "Clodhopper" Vintage Tractor Show - Greenville.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Bremen
Central City
Drakesboro
Greenville (county seat)
Powderly
South Carrollton
Census-designated places
Beechmont
Cleaton
Dunmor
Unincorporated communities
Beech Creek
Belton
Bevier
Browder
Depoy
Ennis
Frogtown
Gishton
Graham
Gus
Luzerne
Millport
Moorman
Nelson
Nonell
Penrod
Rosewood
Weir
Notable people
James Best (Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane of the Dukes of Hazzard), born in Powderly
Don Everly of The Everly Brothers singing duo, born in now-defunct Brownie, near Central City
Harpe Brothers, Micajah and Wiley, America's first known serial-killers
Kennedy Jones, guitarist
Warren Oates, actor, born in Depoy near Greenville
Merle Travis, western musician, born in Rosewood
Roger Newman, University of Kentucky men's basketball player, born in Greenville
Benjamin Tod (Lost Dog Street Band), singer and songwriter
John Prine wrote the song Paradise from his first self-titled album about growing up in Muhlenberg County in the now defunct mining town of Paradise. The song has become a folk music staple since then.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky
References
External links
Muhlenberg County Schools
Muhlenberg County Public Libraries
Greater Muhlenberg Chamber of Commerce
Photos of the damage path caused by the 2008 Super Tuesday tornado outbreak
Kentucky counties
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen (Galβ1-3GalNAcα1-Ser/Thr) is a disaccharide that serves as a core 1 structure in O-linked glycosylation. First described by Thomsen as a red blood cell's antigen, later research have determined it to be an oncofetal antigen. it is present in the body as a part of membrane transport proteins where it is normally masked from the immune system. It is commonly demasked in cancer cells, with it being expressed in up to 90% of carcinomas, making it a potential target for immunotherapy.
References
External links
Glycoproteins
Hans Scherenberg (born Dresden 28 October 1910, died Stuttgart 17 November 2000) was a German automobile engineer and executive.
After studying engineering at the Technical Universities of Stuttgart and Karlsruhe, between 1930 and 1935, Scherenberg joined Daimler Benz AG as a research engineer. Here he worked on the development of the first petrol injected aircraft engine (The DB 601) which went into production in 1937. In 1942 he received his doctoral thesis from Stuttgart University for a work on "Valve control systems for four-stroke flight engines."
Following the Second World War the victorious war-time allies had enforced Daimler Benz AG a pause in engine fuel-injection development. Scherenberg moved to work with Adolf Schnürle's engineering consultancy, moving again in 1948 to join the Gutbrod company which had recently been taken on by Walter Gutbrod on the death of the founder Wilhelm Gutbrod. Under Scherenberg's leadership Gutbrod developed and brought to market the world's first production automobile fitted with a petrol injected engine. He returned to Daimler Benz AG in 1952. Following a promotion to the board of management in 1956, he was principally involved in the development of Daimler-Benz automatic transmission and fuel injection systems, which would remain areas of key strength for the company in later decades. After the retirement at the end of 1965 of Fritz Nallinger, Scherenberg took on overall responsibility for the company's Research and Development functions until his own retirement in 1977. He was succeeded by Werner Breitschwerdt.
In 1970 Scherenberg received an Honorary Doctorate from Technical University of Berlin and in 1974 an Honorary Professorship from Stuttgart University. In 1981 he was awarded a Werner von Siemens Ring (a high-ranking award for technical sciences in Germany).
Awards
Wilhelm Exner Medal in 1977.
Sources and further reading
Kind, Dieter ; Mühe, Walter: Naturforscher und Gestalter der Technik. Die Träger des Werner-von-Siemens-Ringes und ihre Leistungen für Naturwissenschaft und Technik. Düsseldorf: VDI-Verlag 1989. (Seite 174-180)
External links
1910 births
2000 deaths
German automotive engineers
Mercedes-Benz Group people
DaimlerChrysler
Engineers from Dresden
Werner von Siemens Ring laureates
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
The Villa Theatre is a now-closed movie theater in Salt Lake City, Utah, located at 3092 S. Highland Drive. The theatre was open from December 23, 1949 to February 18, 2003. It now serves as a location for Adib's Rug Gallery.
History
The Villa first opened on December 23, 1949, after being built by then-owners Joseph L. Lawrence and David K. Edwards—the first feature shown was Prince of Foxes. The theater had 1300 seats and was built using a stadium seating design that utilized rising seating on a steep incline. Throughout the 1950s and 1960s, The Villa was known for being the first Salt Lake City Theater to show new widescreen formats, including CinemaScope, Technirama-70, and Cinerama. In 1958, the theater became famous for showing a 10-month-long run of South Pacific, drawing Patrons from as far as Idaho and Nevada.
In 1960, Cinemiracle, a large, curved screen was installed, reducing the number of seats by approximately 300. A year later, Cinerama was installed, which used three projectors instead of one. This was used until 1964, when the system was replaced by a new version that used one projector and 70 mm film. There was an expected expansion to the Villa in 1977 by Mann Theatres, though the project was eventually scrapped. In 1981, the Villa was the only theater in Salt Lake City to offer the new Steven Spielberg film "Raiders of the Lost Ark".
The Villa was acquired by Carmike Cinemas in 1993. Repairs were started in 1995 and in 1996 a large renovation closed the theater shortly while the famous neon sign was restored, repairs were made to the auditorium's seat and carpets, and a Dolby Digital sound system was installed.
In 1998 Carmike Cinemas began a building spree across the Salt Lake Valley, erecting five new multiplexes. This sudden expansion lead to the ultimate demise of many first run theaters built before 1998 in the area. The only theaters left following the expansion were the Carmike 12, Holladay Centre 6, and 5-Star Cinemas.
Soon, Carmike Cinemas began to fail financially as a result of building too many multiplexes. In the fall of 2000 Carmike Cinemas entered bankruptcy and The Villa was put up for sale, with a 2.4 million dollar asking price. A sale to Eddie Simatov, owner of the Simatov Oriental Rug Gallery, fell through in 2001, and Carmike Cinemas was forced to hold onto the location.
In 2001, USA Today named the Villa Theater on a list of ten great classic theaters in the United States. This decision was criticized by some who said that the theater was run down and undeserving of the acknowledgment.
Carmike Cinemas responded by cleaning up and repairing the theater, even taking out an advertisement for the Villa hyping the summer's blockbuster hit Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones.
Even as ticket sales increased at the Villa during 2002, the financial improvement was not enough to take the theater off the market. Carmike considered simplifying or replacing the theater's neon sign, which was expensive to maintain and made maintaining a profit extremely difficult.
Wal-Mart looked into the possibility of turning the Villa into a Neighborhood Market. Instead, Harmons Grocery, which operates a grocery store near the Villa Theater, bought the property. Harmons offered to let Carmike Cinemas lease the theater, but they declined.
The last movie to show at the Villa Theatre was The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers on 18 February 2003. Despite it being a weekday and the film's considerable length, it drew a large crowd for the theater's final showing. Carmike Cinemas repaired the neon on the theater's sign and marquee during the Villa's last week of operation so that it would be in perfect condition for closing night.
Current uses
After the theater officially shut its doors, Harmons started a sale of the theater to a buyer who wanted to turn it into Club Villa, a night club with a high-tech dance floor. Harmons seemed more interested in turning the largest profit, focusing on the historic legacy of the theatre. Harmons received many offers to turn the Villa back into a movie theater, though they did not accept any of these. Though the deal to the night club group seemed almost certain, it eventually fell through.
In 2004 the Villa became a rug gallery with a sale of the theater to Dr. Hamid Adib, owner of Adib's Rug Gallery. Adib wanted to create a museum-like atmosphere, where people could enjoy the fine craftsmanship and elegant beauty of Persian and Oriental rugs and at the same time relive the history of the Villa.
See also
Movie theater
Multiplex
Buildings and sites of Salt Lake City
Cinerama
Murray Theater
References
External links
History of The Villa
Cinema Treasures Page
A list of news articles about the Villa
Photos of the Villa Theatre
Buildings and structures in Salt Lake City
Cinemas and movie theaters in Utah
Theatres completed in 1949
1949 establishments in Utah
Ian James Parker (born 13 December 1976) is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist in the genre of blues music.
Early life
Born in Birmingham, England, Parker was brought up in nearby Stourbridge. He started playing the guitar as an eight year old and eight years later started a short-lived band called "Strange Brew" with two schoolfriends. After Strange Brew, he joined a blues band, "Blue Horizon". At the same time he was attending the University of Derby, graduating with a degree in psychology.
Career
Moving back to Stourbridge, Parker started a new band, "Monty Turnball" with Morg' Morgan on keyboards, and two other local musicians with Parker on lead vocals and Stratocaster electric guitar. Morgan would continue in Parker's bands until 2010 when he gave up full-time performing to become a music teacher. Later, bass player Chris Lomas and drummer Tony Bayliss joined the band which was renamed "Parker's Alibi" in 1999. They became known in both the UK and Europe after becoming regulars on the European blues club circuits before disbanding in early 2002. Later that year, he formed "The Ian Parker Band" comprising Parker, Morgan, Amadeo on bass and Andy Edwards on drums (later replaced by Wayne Proctor).
In 2003, he signed to Ruf Records which made him known in the United States as well as Europe following a recommendation from Walter Trout who then took him on a European tour. He has also played with Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, and Peter Green. The majority of Parker's music and lyrics are self composed with an original style. Andy Snipper of Music News considered that Parker " ... may be the great lost British soul singer". He has had long tours of Europe and the United States, such as the "Unique and Intimate Tour" in 2009/10 which included a set at the Bayfront Festival in Duluth, Minnesota.
In March 2004, he appeared on the German live music TV show, Rockpalast, and a live DVD of his performance was released in June 2005, entitled Whilst The Wind (Ruf3007).
Discography
Studio albums
Inside (2003)
Where I Belong (2007)
Demons And Doubters EP (2009)
Politik Blues (2015)
Spoonful of Gold for Old Willie
Live albums
Lost & Found (2003)
...Whilst the Wind (2005)
The Official Bootleg (2008)
The Bare Bones (2011)
Single
"Your Love Is My Home" (2007)
DVD
…Whilst the Wind (Live) (2005)
Projects
CD: Blues Caravan Pilgrimage (2005)
DVD: Blues Caravan – The New Generation (Live) (2006)
CD: Kinver - The Stone House (2013)
Awards and honours
In August 2006, in Dordrecht, The Netherlands, he received the Arrow Big Rivers Festival Award for 'Most Impressive Artist'.
References
External links
English blues guitarists
English blues singers
English male guitarists
English male singer-songwriters
English rock singers
Musicians from Birmingham, West Midlands
People from Stourbridge
Living people
1976 births
Diogo Malaquias da Silva (born October 15, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer.
Teams
Tacuarembo 2009-2010
Montevideo Wanderers 2011-2013
References
Profile at BDFA
Profile at Tenfield Digital
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Tacuarembó F.C. players
Montevideo Wanderers F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Association football defenders
is a historic Japanese temple in the city of Hiroshima, Japan.
Overview
Mitaki-dera was founded in 809 during the Daidō era.
Mitaki-dera is familiar with the name of .
There are three falls, and the water will be used as an offering of water to the victims of the atomic bomb during the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony.
The tahōtō was dismantled from in Hirogawa, Wakayama in 1951, to hold a memorial service for the victims of the atomic bomb.
There is the wooden seated statue of Amida Nyorai in the Tahōtō.
Mitaki-dera is famous for sakura, autumn leaves and maples.
Mitaki-dera is the 13th of Chūgoku 33 Kannon Pilgrimage.
See also
Kannon
Chūgoku 33 Kannon Pilgrimage
Amida Nyorai
Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony
Mitaki Station
For an explanation of terms concerning Japanese Buddhism, Japanese Buddhist art, and Japanese Buddhist temple architecture, see the Glossary of Japanese Buddhism.
External links
広島市西区みたき散策マップ(in Japanese)
Buddhist temples in Hiroshima Prefecture
Tourist attractions in Hiroshima
Kōyasan Shingon temples
Kūkai
Ivy Shore (14 January 1915 – 25 August 1999; known as Billie Shore; born Ivy Williams) was an Australian painter. Shore was a student of tonal impressionist Graeme Inson, and also Inson's partner for the last 40 years of her life. She was the 1979 winner of the Portia Geach Memorial Award, Australia's richest art award for women artists only. Shore also won the Most Highly Commended award in the Portia Geach Memorial Award three times.
Her award-winning portrait of activist Kondelea Elliott is now in the Australian National Portrait Gallery collection in Canberra.
References
1915 births
1999 deaths
Australian women painters
20th-century Australian painters
20th-century Australian women artists
People from Victoria (Australia)
The 1971 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the North Carolina Tar Heels of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 1971 NCAA University Division football season. The Tar Heels were led by fifth-year head coach Bill Dooley and played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium. North Carolina won the Atlantic Coast Conference with a perfect conference record of 6–0. They were invited to the 1971 Gator Bowl, where they lost to Georgia.
Schedule
References
North Carolina
North Carolina Tar Heels football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
North Carolina Tar Heels football
Rededjet (also readed as Ruddedet) is the name of a fictitious ancient Egyptian woman appearing as the heroic character in a story told in the legendary Westcar Papyrus. She is said to have fulfilled a prophecy by giving birth to three future kings that was forecast during the reign of Khufu (Fourth Dynasty) by a magician named Dedi.
Literary person
Rededjet appears only in the fifth story of the Westcar Papyrus; no archeological or historical evidence of her existence has been discovered. Nevertheless, she is object of great interest for historians and Egyptologists, since her story gives information about the line of succession at the very beginning of the Fifth Dynasty and two royal women.
The wonder of Rededjet
According to the Westcar Papyrus, Rededjet has a strong labor, and birth is difficult because she has to deliver triplets. The god Ra, Lord of Sachebu, says to the deities Isis, Nephthys, Meskhenet, Heqet, and Khnum: “May you all go to Rededjet and release her from her trinity of children which are still in her womb and which will exercise their splendid office in the whole realm one day. So they can build temples for you, take care of your offering tables, let your drink plates thrive and multiply your god's sacrifices.” And so the goddesses turn to Rededjet's house after they had transformed themselves into music-making dancers. Khnum turns into a porter. When they reach Rededjet's house they meet her husband, Ra-User, outside at the threshold, wearing his skirt upside-down and whining. The goddesses show him their menits and sistrums. Thereupon Ra-User says: “See, there is a woman here who is suffering badly, for her birth is problematic.” The goddesses say: “May thou cause that we can see her. See, we know how to relieve.” Ra-User replies: “Feeds!” The deities step in and go immediately to Rededjet, who is lying upstairs. They seal the room and then Isis stands before Rededjet, to catch the babies, Nephthys takes position behind, whilst Heqet accelerates the birth. Now Isis says: “May you, the one who is User-Re-ef, be not too strong in her womb.” And the baby comes out quickly, a healthy child of one cubit in size. His bones are solid, his equipment of limbs being like gold. His headdress is made of real lapis lazuli. After cutting the umbilical cord, purifying the baby and placing it in a brick-made bed, covered with soft sheets, Khnum makes the body strong. Meskhenet steps by and says: “This is a king who will exercise the rulership over the whole country!” After this, Isis stands again before Rededjet and says: “May you, whose name is Sahure, stop kicking in her womb.” And this baby, too, comes out quickly. It has the same extraordinary appearance as the baby before. And again Meskhenet blesses the child with the words: “This is a king who will exercise the rulership over the whole country!” A third and last time Isis stands before Rededjet and says: “May you, whose name is Keku, stop being blind in her womb.” And the third baby is blessed by Meskhenet, too. Now the deities leave the room, meet Ra-User and say: “Oh joy! Three children were born to you!” Ra-User replies: “My ladies! What could I do for you? Give this barley to your porter, may you accept it as a gratuity, for making some beer.” Khnum shoulders the jars of barley and the deities start turning home. On their way, Isis admonishes her companions with the words: “Haven't we come here for a good reason? What would that reason be, if we perform no miracle to these children! There were nothing we could tell to their father who made us come.″ The deities create three lordly crowns for the children and hide them in the jars of barley. Then they conjure a downpour, as a reason to turn back to Ra-User's house. They say to Ra-User: “Please store the barley in a sealed storeroom for us until we come back from making music in the north.” And the jars with barley are locked in a storeroom.
Some weeks later, Rededjet asks her maidservant: “Is our house prepared with all good things?” The maidservant answers: “It is prepared with every good thing, except some jars of beer. They were not brought yet.” Rededjet inquires: “Why is this not so, that the jars with beer were brought?” And the maidservant says: “There is nothing you could produce it with, except the barley of those musicians, the barley that is stored and sealed away.” Rededjet orders: “Go and take some, Ra-User will replace it when he comes home.” And the maidservant opens the storeroom and all of a sudden she hears music, celebrations, and cheering from afar - its festive mood typical for a royal enthroning feast. The maid is baffled and tells everything to Rededjet. Rededjet enters the room too and also hears the festive noises. Now nosy she puts her ears on every box and jar, until she finds that the noises are coming from the jars of the musicians. Recognising the situation, Rededjet tells everything to Ra-User and they both spend the rest of the day celebrating.
One day Rededjet is bickering with the maidservant, who is punished with beating. Infuriated, the maidservant says: “Is it because of that? Is it really because of the three kings you gave birth to? I will go to file charges with the king of Lower- and Upper Egypt, Khufu, justified!” The maidservant leaves the house and goes to her elder brother. He is sitting beside his mother, binding flax and yarn. When he sees his sister, he says: “Where do ye go to, lil' sister?” And the maidservant tells him what she is up to. The brother says: “Shall it truly be done to come to me just to make me sup with betrayal?” He becomes angry and beats her, too. The maidservant now goes away to get some water and a crocodile snatches her. The brother goes to Rededjet to tell her what happened. Rededjet sits on the threshold, crying. The brother says: “What are you crying about, mistress?” Rededjet answers: “It's about this little girl that grew up in this house. Look, she went to go to file charges [...] to the king.” And the brother replies: “See, she came to me to tell [...] that I would go with her, but I beat her and sent her away. When she went off for some water a crocodile snatched her.”
Modern analysis
Historians and Egyptologists such as Adolf Erman and Kurt Heinrich Sethe once thought the tales of the Westcar Papyrus were mere folklore, despite their knowledge of the historical correctness about the beginning of the fifth dynasty by describing the succession of the kings Userkaf, Sahure, and Neferirkare. They also thought the novel of the Westcar Papyrus to be unfinished.
Modern Egyptologists such as Verena Lepper and Miriam Lichtheim deny this view and they argue that Sethe and Erman may have just failed to see the profundity of the novel. They both evaluate the story as some kind of narrated moral that deals with the theme of justice and what happens to traitors. Lepper points out, that the story of Rededjet might have been inspired by the historical figure of Khentkaus I, who lived and may have ruled at the end of the Fourth dynasty. Khentkaus I is demonstrably entitled as “mother of two kings” and for a long time it has been thought that she may have borne Userkaf and Sahure. New evidence shows that at least Sahure had a different mother (Neferhetepes), the implication of the Westcar Papyrus that the first three kings of the Fifth Dynasty had been siblings, therefore seems incorrect. Since in the Westcar Papyrus Rededjet was concerned with the role of a future king's mother, the parallels between the biographies of the two ladies aroused special attention. The role of the maidservant is evaluated as being a key figure for a modern phrasing of indoctrinations about morality and betrayal. The maidservant wants to betray her mistress and is punished by destiny. Destiny is depicted here as a crocodile who snatches the traitor. The objective of the tale is to ensure the beginning of a new dynasty and by making the only danger disappear, the author of the Westcar Papyrus artfully creates some kind of happy ending. Lepper sees a strong clue in the way the story is finalized that the novel of the Westcar Papyrus ends here. The episode in which the crocodile snatches a traitor, is repeated several times, just as a refrain, which is a typical writing element used in ancient Egyptian documents to close a chapter or text.
Archaeological basis
In 2009, archaeological discoveries in Abusir, the royal necropolis of the Fifth Dynasty, have established that Neferirkare was in fact Sahure's son (who was Userkaf's son). Egyptologists now believe that the story of Rededjet is based on a conflation of two historical royal women named Khentkaus. The first one, Khentkaus I, lived during the Fourth Dynasty and may have given birth to two kings, while the second one, Khentkaus II, was the mother of two Fifth Dynasty kings, Neferefre and Nyuserre Ini. The supposition is that when Nyuserre Ini was on the throne, he revived the cult of the Khentkaus I, as the similarities between both women provided him with a genealogical link relating him to his Fourth Dynasty forebears.
Egyptologist John Nolan believes that the mirroring position of the character in the story and association with the two royal women was emphasised so that Nyuserre Ini could legimitise his rule after the troubled times surrounding Neferefre's death. It could identify him with a third king inserted into what should become a legendary tale of prophecy, although that did not correlate with the historical records of each woman.
References
External links
Transcription and translating of Papyrus Westcar (Berlin Papyrus 3033) into English by the transcription of A. M. Blackman (1988) (PDF-File)
Dedi in Papyrus Westcar at reshafim.org
African folklore
Ancient Egyptian literature
Folklore characters
Fictional ancient Egyptians
Female characters in literature
The 1968 Hounslow Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Torn Sails is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by A. V. Bramble and starring Milton Rosmer, Mary Odette and Geoffrey Kerr. It was based on the 1897 novel Torn Sails by Allen Raine. Like much of her work, it is set in a small Welsh village.
Cast
Milton Rosmer as Hugh Morgan
Mary Odette as Gwladys Price
Geoffrey Kerr as Ivor Parry
Jose Shannon as Maud Owen
Leo Gordon as Josh Howells
Beatrix Templeton as Mrs. Price
References
External links
1920 films
British drama films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by A. V. Bramble
Ideal Film Company films
Films set in Wales
British black-and-white films
British silent feature films
1920 drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Chopped Junior is an American reality-based cooking television game show series hosted by Ted Allen that pits four adolescent chefs against each other, competing for a chance to win $10,000 and a Chopped Junior chef's coat. The show is a spin-off of Chopped. It airs on Food Network and Discovery Family.
References
2015 American television series debuts
2019 American television series endings
2010s American cooking television series
American television spin-offs
American children's reality television series
English-language television shows
Food Network original programming
Food reality television series
Reality television spin-offs
Cooking competitions in the United States
Television series about children
Television series about teenagers
Mikhaíl Nikoláyevich Mikhéyev (28 October 1905 – 27 August 1989) — was a Soviet physicist, physics of metals expert, corresponding member of RAS (since 1979).
Biography
Mikhaíl Nikoláyevich Mikhéyev was born 28 October 1905 at Zuyevka Station, now part of Kirov Oblast. He graduated from Leningrad State University in 1930. Then he worked at Ioffe Institute (1928 - 1932), Ural Institute of Physics and Technology (now the Physics of Metals Institute of Ural Division of the Russian Academy of Sciences) as a director from 1932 until 1948, and from 1953 until 1986. He was also a member of the Sverdlovsk Oblast Council (1963 — 1971).
Mikhéyev died in 1989, at the age of 83. He was buried at Sverdlovsk. In 2014 the Physics of Metals Institute of Ural Division of the Russian Academy of Sciences was renamed to Physics of Metals Institute of Ural Division of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Scientific effort
Authority on magnetism, ferromagnetism, magnetic structure analysis, magnetic flaw detection etc.
Author of more than 200 scientific publications, including more than 20 monographs and 11 authors certificates, like:
Магнитные методы структурного анализа и неразрушающего контроля. (Magnetic methods of structure analysis and nondestructive inspection) — M., 1992
Awards
Order of Lenin (1983)
Order of the October Revolution (1971)
Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1975)
Order of the Badge of Honour (1945, 1954)
Medal "For Valiant Labour in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" (1945)
USSR State Prize (1951) — for development and integration into industry new methods of quality control of the steelworks
References
External links
Михеев Михаил Николаевич // Ural Historical Encyclopedia
Articles in UFN
Михаил Николаевич Михеев
1905 births
1989 deaths
Soviet physicists
Scientists from Yekaterinburg
S.S. Racing Club Fondi was an Italian football club, based in Fondi, Lazio. The club previously known as Unicusano Fondi and Fondi Calcio. In 2018, the club merged with F.C. Aprilia.
History
On 15 August 1922 Associazione Sportiva Fondana was founded by engineer Boriello, director of the railway station in the town, who gave birth to this new partnership, mixing all the football fans of Lazio town and bringing them together in a single sport project. Then, on 16 August of that year, the next day, Fondi played its first official game at the old municipal stadium against Lenola, in which it was defeated with score 0–2. The squad was: Calves, Santella, L . Vitelli, Santella, L. Forte, Purificato, D'Alessandro, R. Forte, Amante, Velletri, Fiorillo, Ferrazzoli, Magnarella and Boriello on the bench.
On 1 October 1923 the new company elected Luigi Forte as president, Ottorino Fabiani as secretary and Erasmo Di Russo as cashier.
The colors of the team, initially, were red and blue, then in the championship of Promozione in 1952–1953 season, when the club took the name as Unione Sportiva Fondana, changed to amaranth and sky, but when it relegated to Prima Categoria Lazio in 1960–1961 returned to the original ones.
In 2008, Fondi Calcio was incorporated as a s.s.d. a r.l..
In the 2009–2010 season in Serie D reached the first historic promotion to the professional championship of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione with a day in advance after drawing at home 2–2 against Boville Ernica in front of nearly 2,000 spectators. So it finished first in the Group G of Serie D and was promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
The last two seasons in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione Fondi retained its spot in the category.
In October 2014, the team was purchased by Università degli Studi Niccolò Cusano.
In 2017, chairman of S.S. Racing Club Roma, Antonio Pezone, bought the Fondi Calcio, renaming into S.S. Racing Club Fondi.
In May 2018, Fondi was relegated to Serie D after a 4-3 loss to Paganese Calcio 1926 in the Serie C Group C relegation play out.
Chairmen
Stefano Ranucci (2014–2017)
Antonio Pezone (2017–2018)
Colors
The team's colors are red and blue.
Honors
Coppa Italia Serie D
Champions: 2015–16
References
External links
Defunct football clubs in Italy
Defunct football clubs in Lazio
Association football clubs established in 1922
1922 establishments in Italy
Association football clubs disestablished in 2018
2018 disestablishments in Italy
Serie C clubs
Province of Latina
Università degli Studi Niccolò Cusano
Football Association of Poltava Oblast is a football governing body in the region of Poltava Oblast, Ukraine. The federation is a member of the Football Federation of Ukraine.
At the end of 2017, the Federation reorganized as Football Federation of Poltavshchyna (, ФФП, FFP) by excluding its collective members that participate in professional football, i.e. FC Vorskla Poltava, FC Hirnyk-Sport Horishni Plavni, FC Poltava, FC Kremin Kremenchuk. The new organization has replaced the former Football Federation of Poltava Oblast.
Previous Champions
1938 PVATU (1)
1939 no competition
1940 no competition
1941-44 World War II
1945 no competition
1946 FC Spartak Poltava (1)
1947 FC Dynamo Poltava (1)
1948 FC Dzerzhynets Kremenchuk (1)
1949 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (1)
1950 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (2)
1951 FC Spartak Poltava (2)
1952 FC Dzerzhynets Kremenchuk (2)
1953 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (3)
1954 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (4)
1955 FC Avanhard Kremenchuk (3)
1956(s) FC Enerhiya Poltava (1)
1956(f) FC Kolhospnyk Poltava (1)
1957 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (5)
1958 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (6)
1959 FC Kolhospnyk Khorol (1)
1960 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (7)
1961 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (8)
1962 FC Dnipro Kremenchuk (1)
1963 FC Strila Poltava (1)
1964 FC Zirka Poltava (1)
1965 FC Avanhard Kremenchuk (4)
1966 FC Suputnyk Poltava (1)
1967 FC Suputnyk Poltava (2)
1968 FC Suputnyk Poltava (3)
1969 FC Suputnyk Poltava (4)
1970 FC Vahonobudivnyk Kremenchuk (5)
1971 FC Promin Poltava (1)
1972 FC Suputnyk Poltava (5)
1973 FC Metalurh Kremenchuk (1)
1974 FC Suputnyk Poltava (6)
1975 FC Burevisnyk Poltava (1)
1976 FC Burevisnyk Poltava (2)
1977 FC Suputnyk Poltava (7)
1978 FC Metalurh Kremenchuk (2)
1979 FC Metalurh Kremenchuk (3)
1980 FC Lokomotyv Poltava (9)
1981 FC Suputnyk Poltava (8)
1982 FC Kooperator Poltava (1)
1983 FC Zirka Lubny (1)
1984 FC Avtomobilist Poltava (1)
1985 FC Motor Poltava (1)
1986 FC Motor Poltava (2)
1987 FC Avtomobilist Poltava (2)
1988 FC Avtomobilist Poltava (3)
1989 FC Avtomobilist Poltava (4)
1990 FC Avtomobilist Poltava (5)
1991 FC Psel Hadiach (1)
1992 FC Psel Hadiach (2)
1993 FC Lokomotyv Hrebinka (1)
1994 FC Lokomotyv Hrebinka (2)
1995 FC Velta Poltava (1)
1996 FC Lokomotyv Hrebinka (3)
1997 FC Psel Hadiach (3)
1998 FC Psel Hadiach (4)
1999 FC Psel Hadiach (5)
2000 FC Psel Hadiach (6)
2001 FC Pyriatyn (1)
2002 FC ZemlyaK Myrhorod (1)
2003 FC ZemlyaK Myrhorod (2)
2004 FC Kremin Kremenchuk (2)
2005 FC Kremin Kremenchuk (3)
2006 FC Velyka Bahachka (1)
2007 FC Velyka Bahachka (2)
2008 FC Velyka Bahachka (3)
2009 FC Velyka Bahachka (4)
2010 FC Velyka Bahachka (5)
2011 FC Temp Hradyzk (1)
2012 FC Nove Zhyttya Andriivka (1)
2013 FC Nove Zhyttya Andriivka (2)
2014 SC Poltava (1)
2015 FC Rokyta (1)
2016 FC Olympia Savyntsi (1)
2017 FC Olympia Savyntsi (2)
2018 FC Olympia Savyntsi (3)
2019 FC Olympia Savyntsi (4)
2020 FC Olympia Savyntsi (5)
2021 FC KLF Poltava (3)
Top winners
9 – FC Lokomotyv Poltava
8 – FC Suputnyk Poltava
6 – FC Psel Hadiach
5 – 4 clubs (Avtomobilist Poltava, Velyka Bahachka, Vahanobudivnyk (Avanhard)), FC Olimpia Savyntsi
3 – 3 clubs (Metalurh Kremenchuk, Lokomotyv Hrebinka, Kremin (Dnipro))
2 – 5 clubs (Spartak, Burevisnyk, Motor, ZemlyaK, Nove Zhyttya)
1 – 16 clubs
Professional clubs
FC Spartak Poltava, 1946
FC Vorskla Poltava (Kolkhoznik, Kolos, Selstroi), 1957-1968
FC Dnepr Kremenchuk, 1963-1967
See also
FFU Council of Regions
References
External links
Informational resource. Football Federation of Potltavshchyna
Football in the regions of Ukraine
Football governing bodies in Ukraine
Sport in Poltava Oblast
Gößweinstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It lies within the region known as Franconian Switzerland.
Districts
History
The first record of Goswinesteyn Castle is from 1076. Prior to 1102 the Hochstift Bamberg became the owner of the castle. The prince-bishop of Bamberg Friedrich Carl von Schönborn (ruled from 1729 until 1746) elevated Gößweinstein's status to a Market. During the Secularization in 1803, the area of the Hochstift Bamberg was transferred to Bavaria. During the Bavarian territorial reforms in 1978, the formerly independent communities of Morschreuth, Wichsenstein, Behringersmühle, Kleingesee, Leutzdorf, Stadelhofen, Unterailsfeld and part of the community Tüchersfeld were integrated into Gößweinstein.
Culture and sights
Museums
Franconian Toy Museum Gößweinstein
Natural history and geological Collection in the Haus des Gastes
Steam locomotive train (Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz)
Buildings
Pilgrimage church of the Holy Trinity, 1730–1739 built during the reign of Fürstbischof Friedrich Carl von Schönborn according to plans by Balthasar Neumann, who also supervised the construction. Franciscan padre Prof. Dr. Luchesius Spätling applied for the denomination as Basilica minor. The church was elevated to the papal Basilica minor in 1948 by Pope Pius XII.
Gößweinstein Castle
Viktor-von-Scheffel-memorial On both sides, there are the lines of the poem "Ausfahrt" (Exit):
Ich fahr' in die Welt!
Mein Hutschmuck die Rose, mein Lager im Moose,
Der Himmel mein Zelt.
Mag lauern und trauern, wer will, hinter Mauern –
Ich fahr' in die Welt!
Lookout points
Gernerfels
Kreuzberg with high cross
Martinswand (Bellevue)
Pavillon Wagnershöhe
Ludwigshöhe (Theaterhöhle)
Bärenstein (529 m NN)
Fischersruh
Nuremberg Chapel
Aussichtsfelsen Wichsenstein (585 m NN)
Politics
The municipal council in Gößweinstein has 16 members plus an extraofficial mayor.
(local elections on March 3, 2002)
References
External links
Official homepage (German)
Franconian Toy Museum
Forchheim (district)
Franconian Switzerland
Pat Cash and John Frawley were the defending champions but Cash did not compete. Frawley competed with Jonathan Canter but lost in the quarterfinals to Karel Nováček and Norbert Teufelberger.
Mark Kratzmann and Simon Youl defeated Mihnea-Ion Năstase and Olli Rahnasto in the final, 6–4, 6–4 to win the boys' doubles tennis title at the 1983 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Jonathan Canter / John Frawley (quarterfinals)
Stefan Edberg / Jonas Svensson (semifinals)
Mihnea-Ion Năstase / Olli Rahnasto (final)
Mark Kratzmann / Simon Youl (champions)
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Boys' Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Boys' doubles
Holmul may refer to:
Holmul, Guatemala, archaeological site of the Maya civilization
Holmul River (Guatemala), a river in northeastern Guatemala, upper tributary of the Rio Bravo
Holmul River (Romania), a river in Romania, tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat
The 9th National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, D.C. on May 30, 1933, organized by the Louisville Courier-Journal. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Alma Roach of Twinsburg, Ohio, sponsored by the Akron Beacon Journal, correctly spelling the word torsion. George Meltzer (age 14) of New Jersey placed second (missing propitiatory), followed by 13-year-old Virginia Wood in third (missing holocaust).
Roach won $500 for first place (a drop from the usual $1000), followed by $300 for second, and $100 for third.
The event was broadcast on radio.
Roach (married name Mercer) became a teacher, retiring from Solon Middle School in her hometown of Twinsburg in 1983. She died at Akron General Hospital on July 31, 2003.
References
09
1933 in Washington, D.C.
1933 in education
May 1933 events
Qué hombre tan sin embargo is a 1967 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Julián Soler and produced by Gregorio Walerstein. It stars Eulalio González "Piporro", Julissa, Enrique Rambal, and Lucy Gallardo in the leading roles.
Synopsis
An angel, disguised as a witty vagabond named Filomeno and instructed by God, becomes the butler of an affluent and excessively materialistic family.
Cast
Eulalio Gonzalez as Filomeno
Julissa as Laura
Enrique Rambal as Don Jaime
Lucy Gallardo as Doña María
León Michel as Hipólito "Polo"
Ricardo Carrión as Raúl
Óscar Ortiz de Pinedo as Lucrecio
Jessica Munguía as Laura's friend
Sergio Ramos as a lawyer
Juan Salido as Jorge
Silvia Fuentes as Laura's friend
Conjunto de los Hermanos Carreón as the band at the party
Hilda Aguirre as Rosa
Production
Principal photography commenced on 25 November 1965 at the Estudios San Ángel in Mexico City and ended on 22 December 1965.
Casting
The film featured the "accidental" cinematic debut of actress Hilda Aguirre; her father (José María Aguirre) was a friend of producer Gregorio Walerstein. Aguirre's father had told the producer that he had a "half-crazy daughter who wanted to work in cinema." The producer then set up an appointment with Aguirre, made her walk, laugh, and talk, closely observing her, and then told her: "You're hired for three years." She started shooting her scenes in the film on November 1965.
The film also featured Ricardo Carrión's "first role of importance."
Soundtrack
"El Abuelo Yeh Yeh," written and performed by Eulalio González with Los Hermanos Carrión.
"Quiereme," written and performed by Eulalio González.
"Puros Hombres de Delito," written and performed by Eulalio González.
References
External links
1967 films
1967 comedy-drama films
Mexican comedy-drama films
Cima Films films
1960s Spanish-language films
1960s Mexican films
State Road 676 (SR 676) is a short state highway running west and east southeast of Tampa, Florida. It is named Causeway Boulevard, and serves as a connecting route to U.S. Route 41 Business (US 41 Bus.). Causeway Boulevard extends further east as a non-State Road that crosses over Interstate 75 (I-75) then turns into Lumsden Road which passes by the Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon.
Major intersections
References
External links
Routes 670 - 679 at Florida's Great Renumbering
676
676
Kirchberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
The 2022 United States Senate election in Louisiana will be held on November 8, 2022, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Louisiana.
Incumbent Republican U.S. senator John Kennedy was first elected in 2016. He is running for re-election to a second term. If no candidate receives a majority of the vote on November 8, the top two vote recipients will advance to a runoff election that will be held on December 10.
Candidates
Republican Party
Declared
Devin Lance Graham, business owner and real estate broker
John Kennedy, incumbent U.S. Senator
Democratic Party
Declared
Gary Chambers, activist, candidate for Louisiana's 15th State Senate district in 2019, and candidate for in 2021
MV "Vinny" Mendoza, perennial candidate
Luke Mixon, member of the U.S. Navy Reserve and former member of the U.S. Navy
Syrita Steib, nonprofit executive and criminal justice reform advocate
Salvador P. Rodriguez, store manager
Declined
John Bel Edwards, Governor of Louisiana (endorsed Mixon)
Helena Moreno, President of the New Orleans City Council and former state representative (endorsed Chambers)
Libertarian Party
Aaron C. Sigler, neurosurgeon and candidate for U.S. Senate in 2020
Non-Partisans and Independents
Declared
Beryl A. Billiot, businessman and perennial candidate
Alexander "Xan" John, businessman, law student and candidate for U.S. Senate in 2020
Bradley McMorris, realtor
W. Thomas La Fontaine Olson
Thomas Wenn
Endorsements
General election
Predictions
Polling
Runoff election
Generic Republican vs. generic Democrat
Results
Notes
References
External links
Official campaign websites
Gary Chambers Jr. (D) for Senate
Devin Graham (R) for Senate
John Kennedy (R) for Senate
Luke Mixon (D) for Senate
Syrita Steib (D) for Senate
2022
Louisiana
United States Senate
Spinocalanidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera
Genera:
Arctokonstantius
Damkaeria Fosshagen, 1983
Foxtonia Hulsemann & Grice, 1963
References
Copepods
"Take the L" is a song by American new wave band The Motels, which was released in 1982 as the second single from their third studio album All Four One. The song was written by Marty Jourard, Martha Davis and Carter, and produced by Val Garay. "Take the L" peaked at number 52 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Background
"Take the L" originated with the band's keyboardist and saxophone player Marty Jourard, who had been working on the song for a while. He had a simple progression, but felt "it didn't sound right" until Martha Davis suggested he swap the order of the two chords around. The song's title and repeated line of the chorus ("Take the L out of lover and it's over") came from the producer of the band's first two albums, Carter. During a conversation with the producer, Jourard revealed he was in the process of breaking up with his girlfriend, to which Carter responded with the line. Jourard told the Messenger-Press in 1982, "When I first heard the [line], it was beyond corny, it was almost camp." The Motels recorded "Take the L" in one take on December 7, 1981.
Music video
The song's music video was directed by Russell Mulcahy.
Critical reception
On its release, Cash Box commented, "Here, the songstress' mournful wailings are accompanied by a marching rhythm on the oft-repeated hook. It's undeniably catchy if not exactly upbeat." Jim Whiteford of the Scottish newspaper The Kilmarnock Standard described the song as a "mid-tempo rocker" with a "very reasonable American production". He added, "The band haven't issued anything [in the UK] for over a year, so this new beginning may get them noticed if the radio folk give them some breathing space."
Track listing
7–inch single (US and Canada)
"Take the L" – 3:42
"Mission of Mercy" – 3:02
7–inch promotional single (US)
"Take the L" – 3:42
"Take the L" – 3:42
7–inch single (UK, Ireland and the Netherlands)
"Take the L (Out of Lover)" – 3:42
"Change My Mind" – 3:21
7–inch single (Germany and South Africa)
"Take the L" – 3:42
"Change My Mind" – 3:21
7–inch single (Australasia and Spain)
"Take the L" – 3:42
"He Hit Me (And It Felt Like a Kiss)" – 2:28
7–inch single (Japan)
"Take the L" – 3:42
"So L.A" – 3:35
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the Four One LP inner sleeve notes.
The Motels
Martha Davis – vocals
Marty Jourard – keyboards
Michael Goodroe – bass
Brian Glascock – drums
Guy Perry – guitar
Production
Val Garay – producer
Charts
References
1982 songs
1982 singles
The Motels songs
Capitol Records singles
Songs written by Martha Davis (musician)
Rolf Gehring was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Chris Lewis won the title, defeating Christophe Roger-Vasselin 4–6, 6–2, 2–6, 6–1, 6–1 in the final.
Seeds
Eliot Teltscher (second round)
Rolf Gehring (semifinals)
Shlomo Glickstein (quarterfinals)
Chris Lewis (champion)
Butch Walts (quarterfinals)
Pavel Složil (quarterfinals)
Christophe Roger-Vasselin (final)
Ulrich Pinner (semifinals)
Draw
Final
Section 1
Section 2
External links
1981 Bavarian Tennis Championships Singles draw
Singles
The 2019 Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 55th staging of the Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Kilkenny County Board in 1929. The championship began on 21 September 2019 and ended on 27 October 2019.
On 27 October 2019, Tullaroan won the championship after a 3–18 to 0–21 defeat of Thomastown in the final at UPMC Nowlan Park. It was their second championship title overall and their first title since 1988.
Paul Holden from the Young Irelands club was the championship's top scorer with 2-40.
Team changes
To Championship
Promoted from the Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship
Dunnamaggin
Relegated from the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship
Carrickshock
From Championship
Promoted to the Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship
Graigue-Ballycallan
Relegated to the Kilkenny Junior Hurling Championship
Mooncoin
Results
First round
Relegation playoff
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Top scorers overall
Top scorers in a single game
References
External links
Kilkenny GAA website
Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship
Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship
Kwai Tei New Village ( or ), also referred to as Kwai Tei Resite Area, is a village in the Fo Tan area of Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Kwai Tei Resite Area is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
History
Kwai Tei New Village was established in 1979, when the original Kwai Tei () village was vacated to make room for a new industrial area.
See also
Kau Yeuk (Sha Tin)
References
Villages in Hong Kong
Fo Tan
Mae Kha () is a tambon (subdistrict) of Fang District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 14,542 people. The tambon contains 15 villages.
References
Tambon of Chiang Mai province
Populated places in Chiang Mai province
Cuito Cuanavale is a town and municipality in Cuando Cubango (Kuando-Kubango) province in Angola. The names Kuito Kuanavale or Kwito Kwanavale are sometimes used, although this is a mutation of the original Portuguese name.
It covers an area of and its population as of 2014 is 40,829 inhabitants. Cuito Cuanavale is bordered to the north by the municipality of Luchazes, to the east by the municipality of Mavinga, to the south by the municipality of Nancova, and to the west by the municipalities of Menongue and Chitembo
The area around the town was the scene of heavy fighting during various campaigns during the Angolan Civil War and the South African Border War, with the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale from 1987-1988 being the largest land battle in Africa since World War II. The town is served by Cuito Cuanavale Airport.
History
The town owes its name to two local rivers: the Cuito and the Cuanavale. The city day is celebrated on October 21, with an annual celebration being organized for the occasion.
Battle of Cuito Cuanavale
It was in this municipality that some of the bloodiest clashes of the Angolan Civil War took place. On the one hand, the FAPLA, the armed forces of the MPLA, at the height of power fought, supported by the Cuban army, and on the other, the FALA, armed forces of UNITA, supported by the South African Army. Thousands of combatants died on both sides. At the end of the battle of Cuito Cuanavale, both UNITA and the MPLA declared themselves victorious. The biggest consequence of this conflict was the withdrawal of Cuban and South African forces from Angolan territory, and the consequent independence of Namibia. This event climaxed as one of the biggest battles on African soil since the end of World War II.
See also
Battle of Cuito Cuanavale
Operation Alpha Centauri
References
Populated places in Cuando Cubango Province
Municipalities of Angola
Battle of Cuito Cuanavale
George Garratt (1882–unknown) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion and in the Southern League for Crystal Palace, Millwall Athletic and Plymouth Argyle.
References
1882 births
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Brierley Hill Alliance F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Millwall F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Year of death missing
ABC Eyre Peninsula is an ABC Local Radio station based in Port Lincoln, South Australia. The station broadcasts to the Eyre Peninsula and western coastal region of South Australia, including the towns of Tumby Bay, Cummins, Ceduna and Streaky Bay.
History
The station began broadcasting as 5LN in 1987 in a small office on 8 Eyre Street.
The first employee was Michael Astbury who was then joined by Peter Collins in 1990. Collins, while also acting as the rural reporter, also was responsible for putting to air a breakfast show. Soon Suzuy Grosser succeeded Collins as Rural Reporter who took over the realms of the program while also providing Eyre Peninsula and West Coast stories to The Country Hour. Paul Devonport then joined as a reporter, who was then succeeded by Tim Jeanes.
On air identification at this time was "5LN 1485". This changed to "1485 ABC Eyre Peninsula and West Coast" in 2002. A rebranding in 2019 saw the name scaled back to "ABC Eyre Peninsula". In 2005 due to various concerns the station moved to a new facility on Level 1 of the Civic Centre on 60 Tasman Terrace in the CBD.
Local Programming
ABC Eyre Peninsula airs two local programs throughout the week.
Eyre Peninsula Rural Report 6:15 - 6:30 - presented by Brooke Neindorf
Breakfast 6:35 - 9:00 - presented by Emma Pedler
At all other times the station is a relay of either ABC North & West SA or ABC Radio Adelaide.
Staff
As of 2021, there are a total of five full-time staff at ABC Eyre Peninsula.
References
See also
List of radio stations in Australia
Eyre Peninsula
Radio stations established in 1987
Radio stations in South Australia
1987 establishments in Australia
Mark Eschelbach is a German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 200 m event at the 1995 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
References
German male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Raymond Pons (Regimundus Pontio; died after 944), who may be numbered Raymond III or Pons I, was the count of Toulouse from 924.
In 932, Raymond Pons travelled north with his uncle Count Ermengol of Rouergue and Duke Sancho IV Garcés of Gascony to do homage to King Rudolph.
In 936, Raymond Pons founded the monastery of Chanteuges. Between 940 and 941, he controlled Auvergne. In 944, when Hugh the Great and King Louis IV entered Aquitaine, the former met Raymond at Nevers and confirmed his titles while the Toulousain returned with the king to the royal court.
Raymond Pons married a daughter of Duke García II of Gascony, who was either the same person as his known wife Gersenda or a distinct earlier wife. His successor was another Raymond, probably his son.
Notes
Sources
Counts of Toulouse
10th-century French people
The Philippines–United Arab Emirates relations refers to the bilateral relations of the Republic of the Philippines and the United Arab Emirates.
History
The Philippine Embassy in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates formally opened on June 17, 1980.
Economic relations
The United Arab Emirates is dependent on expatriate workers, with a significant number of them being Filipinos. The UAE is the second top destination for Overseas Filipino Workers, after Saudi Arabia. There are about 500,000-600,000 Filipinos in the Emirates. Of all Filipino workers in the UAE, 60 percent are classified as professional, 25 percent are semi-skilled and 15 percent are unskilled. As efforts to expand labor relations the UAE is prospecting in areas of highly skilled labor, agriculture and environment studies. Total trade between the Philippines and the UAE increased to $1.61 billion in 2010 from $1 billion in 2009.
The UAE is ranked 16th among the Philippines' trading partners in 2009, 14th largest import partner and 21st largest export partner. On the same year the UAE was the Philippines' 2nd import partner and 1st export partner in the Middle East. 90% of the Philippines' import from the UAE are petroleum products. The UAE, particularly Abu Dhabi, serves as a transit hub for the Philippines export products, many of which enter duty-free to other countries in the Middle East.
Political and Security relations
The UAE supported peace talks between the Government of the Philippines and the Moro National Liberation Front which led to a final peace agreement signed in Manila on September 2, 1996. The UAE also supported the Philippines' bid for observer status in the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and advised the Philippines to also get support from other member countries which remained neutral to the Philippines' bid.
See also
Foreign relations of the Philippines
Foreign relations of the United Arab Emirates
List of ambassadors of the Philippines to the United Arab Emirates
Sarah Balabagan
References
United Arab Emirates
Bilateral relations of the United Arab Emirates
Roy Abelardo Nikisch (born 1951) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union senator, who served as governor of Chaco Province between 2003 and 2007.
Nikisch was mayor of Tres Isletas and later served as vice governor of Chaco under Ángel Rozas until 2003.
In 2003, Nikisch was elected governor of the province with 53% of the vote, leading the Alianza Frente de Todos to victory over Jorge Capitanich of the Justicialist Party. His term expired in 2007, when he was elected to the Argentine Senate.
External links
Chaco Province (Spanish)
1951 births
Living people
Governors of Chaco Province
Vice Governors of Chaco Province
People from Tres Isletas
Argentine people of Croatian descent
Mayors of places in Argentina
Members of the Argentine Senate for Chaco
Radical Civic Union politicians
The Tacazze sunbird (Nectarinia tacazze) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Habitat
The bird is named after the Tacazze or Tekezé River and may easily be observed in nearby districts such as Degua Tembien in north Ethiopia. The species is found in evergreen forest, mountain woodlands and areas with scattered trees including Ficus sp., Euphorbia abyssinica and Juniperus procera.
References
Tacazze sunbird
Birds of East Africa
Birds described in 1814
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ólafsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, that means son of Ólafur. In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:
Bragi Ólafsson (born 1962), Icelandic musician and writer
Eggert Ólafsson (1726–1768), Iceland explorer and writer; conservator of the Icelandic language
Friðrik Ólafsson (born 1935), Icelandic chess grandmaster
Gunnsteinn Ólafsson (born 1962), Icelandic orchestra and opera conductor
Hössi Ólafsson (born 1977), Icelandic rapper and actor
Jón Ólafsson (1850–1916), Icelandic journalist and poet
Kjartan Ólafsson (disambiguation), various people
Logi Ólafsson (born 1954), Icelandic professional football coach
Magnús Óláfsson (disambiguation), various people
Ólafur Jóhann Ólafsson (born 1962), Icelandic writer and businessman; executive vice president of Time Warner
Víkingur Ólafsson (born 1984), Icelandic pianist.
Icelandic-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Cherokee Mans Run (also called Cherokee Creek) is a stream located entirely within Logan County, Ohio.
Cherokee Mans Run was named for a Cherokee Indian who settled there.
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Logan County, Ohio
Rivers of Ohio
The Sans Bois Mountains are a small mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma and part of the larger Ouachita Mountains. The range is a frontal belt of the Ouachita Mountains and is located in Haskell and Latimer counties. is a French term meaning 'without forest' or without wood' in English.
History
Humans have inhabited the area since prehistoric times. According to the Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture, the earliest inhabitants were hunter-gatherers and foragers from about 10,000 to 8,000 BCE. Later indigenous people began farming about 1 BCE along streams with suitable topography. The Wichita people moved in and established large villages during the Historic Era. The Choctaws, forced to leave their previous homeland in the southeastern U.S., started displacing other tribes in about 1830.
During the 19th century, this area became an important source for timber. Later in the century, production of coal and natural gas became economic mainstays, continuing into the 20th century.
Geography
The highest peaks of the Sans Bois Mountains are above sea level. Robbers Cave State Park is in the middle of the mountains.
The Poteau River drains the area, and one of its tributaries, Sans Bois Creek, was the namesake for the mountains. Although the mountains have relatively light forests, they do have deposits of coal and natural gas, which provided the basis for economic development in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
References
Mountain ranges of Oklahoma
Landforms of Latimer County, Oklahoma
Landforms of Haskell County, Oklahoma
Geography of Oklahoma
The Lexington Philharmonic Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Lexington, Kentucky. The orchestra performs concerts principally at the Singletary Center for the Arts.
History
In 1961, the orchestra was formed from the Central Kentucky Philharmonic Society, and incorporated as a non-profit in 1961 under the rubric of the 'Lexington Philharmonic Society'. The orchestra was then a volunteer organization of 65 musicians, led by Robert King as its first music director, from 1961 to 1965. By 1965, the organization was described as the Lexington Philharmonic Orchestra Society, and was a professional orchestra under the music directorship of Leo Scheer, who served from 1965 to 1971. George Zack became music director in 1971 and held the post until 2009, the longest-serving music director in the orchestra's history. From 2009 to 2019, Scott Terrell served as music director. After the conclusion of Terrell's tenure as music director, Kelly Corcoran served as the orchestra's Interim Artistic Advisor from January 2021 through June 2022.
In May 2022, Mélisse Brunet first guest-conducted the orchestra, as an emergency substitute conductor. On the basis of this guest-conducting appearance, in July 2022, the orchestra announced the appointment of Brunet as its next music director, effective with the 2022-2023 season, with an initial contract of 5 years. Brunet is the first female conductor to be named music director of the Lexington Philharmonic Orchestra.
Music directors
Robert King (1961–1965)
Leo Scheer (1965–1971)
George Zack (1971–2009)
Scott Terrell (2009–2019)
Mélisse Brunet (2022–present)
References
Further reading
External links
The Lexington Philharmonic
Musical groups established in 1965
Arts organizations based in Kentucky
American orchestras
Symphony orchestras
Musical groups from Kentucky
Wikipedia requested audio of orchestras
1965 establishments in Kentucky
Performing arts in Kentucky
Bart van Nunen (born 24 September 1995, Utrecht) is a Dutch track and field athlete who specializes in the marathon.
On December 6, 2020, he set his current personal best in the marathon of 2:10:16 during the 2020 Valencia marathon in Valencia, Spain, which qualified him for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Personal bests
Outdoor
Marathon - 2:10:16 (Valencia 6 December 2020)
References
Dutch male long-distance runners
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Utrecht (city)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Olympic male marathon runners
Kolaghat can refer to:
Kolaghat, a census town in the state of West Bengal, India.
Kolaghat (community development block), a rural area administratively earmarked for planning and development, containing the Kolaghat census town.
Kolaghat railway station
Kolaghat Government Polytechnic
Kolaghat Thermal Power Station
Parus is a genus of Old World birds in the tit family. It was formerly a large genus containing most of the 50 odd species in the family Paridae. The genus was split into several resurrected genera following the publication of a detailed molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2013. The genus name, Parus, is the Latin for "tit".
Taxonomy
The genus Parus was introduced in 1758 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in the tenth edition of his Systema Naturae. The genus name is Latin for "tit". Of the 12 species included in the genus by Linnaeus, the type species was designated as the great tit (Parus major) by George Robert Gray in 1840.
Species
The genus now contains the following species:
Fossil record
Parus robustus (Pliocene of Csarnota, Hungary)
Parus parvulus (Pliocene of Csarnota, Hungary)
Parus medius (Pliocene of Beremend, Hungary)
References
Further reading
Gill, Frank B.; Slikas, Beth & Sheldon, Frederick H. (2005): Phylogeny of titmice (Paridae): II. Species relationships based on sequences of the mitochondrial cytochrome-b gene. Auk 122: 121–143. DOI: 10.1642/0004-8038(2005)122[0121:POTPIS]2.0.CO;2 HTML abstract
Paridae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Solmaris is a genus of diminutive hydrozoans.
References
Solmarisidae
Hydrozoan genera
SumUp is a global financial technology company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. SumUp supports more than 3.5 million merchants in over 30 markets worldwide, and operates a product suite of tailor-made business tools created specifically for the micro and nano segment.
SumUp's primary product offering is an EMV card reader which can read magnetic strip, chip ("Chip and Pin"), and RFID/NFC.
History
The idea of SumUp was conceived in 2011, and the company was founded in 2012. Investors include Goldman Sachs, Temasek, Bain Capital Credit, Crestline, Oaktree Capital Management, American Express, BBVA Ventures and Groupon.
SumUp's first product was officially launched in August 2012. Currently, it has offices in:
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Barcelona, Spain
Berlin, Germany
Bogotá, Colombia
Boulder, Colorado, United States
Copenhagen, Denmark
Cologne, Germany
Dublin, Ireland
Kyiv, Ukraine
London, England, United Kingdom
Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Milan, Italy
Marseille, France
Paris, France
Santiago, Chile
São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil
Sofia, Bulgaria
Warsaw, Poland
In April 2016, SumUp announced it would merge with competitor Payleven, a Berlin-based mobile payments provider by Rocket Internet.
In February 2019, SumUp announced its acquisition of the eCommerce platform, Shoplo.
SumUp also acquired Debitoor, a Danish company. Debitoor is an invoicing software for freelancers and SMEs.
In November 2020, SumUp acquired the London-based POS software provider Goodtill, followed by Paris-based Tiller in February 2021, to strengthen its position in the restaurant and hospitality sector.
In February 2021, SumUp further acquired the Lithuanian core banking system provider Paysolut, after a two-years long business partnership between the two companies.
In October 2021, SumUp acquired the California-based customer loyalty startup Fivestars for $317MM. The acquisition allowed SumUp to expand its services to over 70 million consumers and 12,000 businesses in the US and expand its product offering for the end consumer.
Recent History
In March 2021, SumUp raised $895M in debt to double down on its B2C payments business.
In April 2021, The Zoological Society of London (the international conservation charity behind London and Whipsnade Zoos) Partnered With SumUp to enable contactless fundraising at their sites.
In November 2021, SumUp announced it would be joining the 1% for the Planet coalition and pledged to donate 1% of the annual Net Payment Revenue generated by SumUp Solo devices towards non-profits and businesses that offer impactful, long-term solutions to the ongoing environmental crisis.
Following acquisitions and global expansion, SumUp now has almost 3,000 staff, spread across 23 locations, as of January 2022.
Products and services
Chip & PIN and NFC card terminal: SumUp's main product is an EMV card reader which can read magnetic strip, chip ("Chip and Pin"), and RFID/NFC ("contactless") payment cards. The card reader pairs with an Android or iOS-based smartphone or tablet via Bluetooth, to verify payments through the Internet.
3G Chip & Pin and NFC card terminal: SumUp's 3G card reader that works without an app. It has an built-in SIM card with data to enable payment processing over a local network connection.
Point of sale system: As an all-in-one register, the SumUp Point of Sale system "POS register" consists of a SumUp card terminal, a pre-configured iPad, an iPad stand, a receipt printer, a cash drawer and a Wifi router. Only available in Germany and select other countries.Other POS solutions are available via Tiller and Goodtill technologies.
Payment Links: launched in 2020 to allow small business to get paid safely and remotely via payment links sent via smartphone.
Gift Cards: launched in 2020 via a partnership with Google, small businesses can use Google My Business to add gift cards directly to their profile.
Online Store: In 2021 SumUp announced the relaunch of the SumUp Online Store, an e-commerce platform that enables anyone to create an online business for free.
Business Account: Launched in 2021, this tool is a way for merchants to keep business and personal money completely separate. Merchants can use it to make transfers and receive next-day payout.
SDKs & APIs: SumUp allows third parties to integrate the end-to-end payment infrastructure as well as card terminals via the SumUp Terminal Payment SDK for iOS and Android as well as several other APIs for developers. Through the integration with the open SumUp platform, third parties can offer card acceptance via their native or browser-based applications. SumUp's SDKs and APIs support acceptance of Visa, VPay, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, Apple Pay, Android Pay as well as local debit card schemes.
Global reach
SumUp is active in 34 countries and serves more than three million merchants. In August 2012 the company launched its services in Germany, Austria, United Kingdom and Ireland. In November 2012, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands opened up as new markets. One month later, in December 2012, SumUp expanded to France, Belgium and Portugal. In November 2013, SumUp launched service in Brazil. Since May 2014, SumUp also operates in Poland and Switzerland. Sweden was launched in September 2015. Since October 2016, SumUp has been operating in the United States. In September 2017, SumUp launched its service in 15 European countries - Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, Slovakia and Slovenia. In November 2017, SumUp announced a joint venture with Banco del Estado de Chile. The combined business operates under the brand "Compraqui" and is headquartered in Santiago de Chile. As of September 2020, Compraqui is operated 100% by Banco Estado and SumUp's operations in Chile are independent of the public owned bank.
References
External links
Official website
on Twitter
Financial services companies of England
British companies established in 2011
Payment service providers
Kattamuru is a major panchayath village in Peddapuram Mandal of East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh in South India.
Geography
Kattamuru is located at 17.08° N 82.13° E. It has an average elevation of 35 metres (114 feet).
Demographics
Population Data of Kattamuru Village as per 2001 Census:
References
East Godavari District Pincode Number
Population details of Kattamuru
2001 census of Kattamuru/madireddy rambabu
Villages in East Godavari district
Nylsvley Nature Reserve is a protected area, lying on the seasonally-inundated floodplain of the Nyl River, the uppermost section of the Mogalakwena River which has a very shallow gradient. It is located near Mookgophong in the Limpopo Province of South Africa. This area has been declared a Ramsar wetland site because of its international conservation importance. The floodplain is made up of extensive reedbeds and grassveld surrounded by open woodland.
Situated in the upper catchment area of the Nyl River, and covering about 20% of the floodplain, the area boasts some 370 bird species - of which more than 100 are waterfowl - and during peak floods, over 80,000 birds are to be seen. The reserve is also home to roan antelope and tsessebe. The only stands of wild rice in South Africa, Oryza longistaminata, are to be found here.
The name 'Nylsvley' originated in vlei, a pan or seasonally flooded area, and in the word for "Nile". In the 1860s, a Voortrekker group of farmers saw a large flooded plain and a river flowing northwards and thought it might be the Nylrivier (Nile river).
Pictures
References
External links
Friends of Nylsvley
Nylsvley Nature Reserve, Limpopo
Protected areas of Limpopo
Nature reserves in South Africa
Floodplains of Africa
Mogalakwena River
Ramsar sites in South Africa
Rue du Petit-Champlain (English: Little Champlain Street) is a street in the Canadian city of Quebec City, Quebec. It is located in the Petit Champlain commercial district, at the foot of Cap Diamant, and contains many boutique shops. Quartier du Petit Champlain is claimed to be the oldest commercial district in North America. It is named for Samuel de Champlain, who founded Quebec City in 1608.
Rue du Petit-Champlain is around long, and runs from its convergence with Rue Sous-le-Fort in the north to Boulevard Champlain in the south. A popular viewing point of the street, the Breakneck Stairs (or Breakneck Steps), are located at the northern end of the street.
Just beyond the steps is the lower entrance of the Funiculaire du Vieux-Québec, an electric cableway established in 1879. It takes passengers up and down Cap Diamant to and from Dufferin Terrace, beside the Château Frontenac. It climbs at a 45-degree angle, covering a total distance of .
Around halfway along the street, on its western side, is Parc Félix-Leclerc.
The western side of the street contains frontages of buildings, in the shadow of Cap Diamant to their rears, whereas the rears of the buildings facing Boulevard Champlain occupy the eastern side.
A fresco painted on the side of the building at number 102 is a trompe-l'œil measuring 100m2 (900 ft2). It represents the history of the district, the bombardments of 1759, the landslides, and the fires which have occurred in the district.
Gallery
References
External links
Petit Champlain
Petit Champlain
1688 establishments in Canada
Petit Champlain
This is a list of diplomatic missions of Poland
Excluding from this listing are honorary consulates, cultural institutes, and trade missions. On the other hand, the Polish Office in Taipei is included, as it serves as a de facto embassy to Taiwan, with which Poland does not have formal diplomatic relations.
Current missions
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
Multilateral Organizations
Closed missions
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Flags and plaques
Poland makes use of its state flag with coat of arms to designate Polish missions abroad. This flag is, according to legislation, to be used only by the Polish government and its associated agencies and diplomatic service. Additionally the flag is used as an ensign by Polish-registered ships on the high seas. Finally, the traditional governmental plaque is also affixed to all Polish missions abroad.
See also
Foreign relations of Poland
Notes
References
Poland
Diplomatic missions
The Edwin H. Hewitt House is a historic house in the Stevens Square neighborhood of Minneapolis. Edwin Hawley Hewitt (1874–1939) was a prominent local architect. He designed this house, at the corner of Franklin Avenue and Stevens Avenue, in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Education
Hewitt studied at the University of Minnesota, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He returned to Minnesota in 1904, and in 1911, he partnered with architect Edwin Brown. Hewitt's house is architecturally significant within Minneapolis and testifies to the impact of his career.
Memorial Commission
Since 1919, the Soldier's Memorial Commission had been planning a memorial to all of the community's soldiers. A suitable location was sought and it was intended to be placed on Victory Memorial Drive. The memorial was budgeted at $100,000 and several fundraising plans were looked at. Mr. E.H. Hewitt of Hewitt & Brown Architects submitted a proposal and sketch for the monument. The Great Depression put a damper on the plans. The money collected was invested and had aided in maintenance of the bronze stars and crosses. The memorial was put on hold, to be looked at after World War II. It is not known what happened to the plans. https://web.archive.org/web/20080828121805/http://www.victoryneighborhood.org/history.php
References
1906 establishments in Minnesota
Houses completed in 1906
Houses in Minneapolis
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Minneapolis
Văgiulești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cârciu, Covrigi, Murgilești, Valea Motrului and Văgiulești.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Trippin' with the Kandasamys is a 2021 South African film directed by Jayan Moodley, written by Rory Booth and Jayan Moodley and starring Mariam Bassa, Maeshni Naicker and Jailoshini Naidoo. It's the third installment in the series, following Keeping Up with the Kandasamys and Kandasamys: The Wedding.
Cast
Mariam Bassa as Aaya Kandasamy
Maeshni Naicker as Shanti Naidoo
Jailoshini Naidoo as Jennifer Kandasamy
Koobeshan Naidoo as Elvis Kandasamy
Yugan Naidoo as Preggie Naidoo
Mishqah Parthiephal as Jodie Kandasamy Naidoo
Madhushan Singh as Prishen Naidoo
Uraysha Ramrachia as Baby Naidoo
Rushil Juglall as Arsevan
Tesarnia Oree as Poobasha
Release
The film was released internationally on June 4, 2021 by Netflix.
Reception
Trippin with the Kandasamys was released to positive reviews from critics, with Mariam Bassa's and Jailoshini Naidoo's performances receiving praise. The New York Post film review website Decider stated that "the jokes are fun, especially the ones delivered by Bassa", and praised the performances of Jailoshini Naidoo and Maeshni Naicker as "winning and funny in their roles at the helm of the film". Hollywood Insider praised the films cinematography and the chemistry of the lead cast, but felt the film dragged in some moments. News24 rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and praised the "incredible comedic duo" of Naidoo and Naicker and Bass's "gambling grandmother's unexpected wit and wisdom".
References
External links
2021 films
English-language Netflix original films
South African Indian films
English-language South African films
2020s English-language films
Mathurin is a French given name that may refer to:
Mathurin (given name), includes a list of people with the name
Mathurin (surname), includes a list of people with the name
Mathurin, an early member of the Trinitarian Order based in the church of Saint-Mathurin in Paris
Port Mathurin, the capital of the island of Rodrigues
Other
En Foco is a non-profit organization that nurtures contemporary fine art and documentary photographers of diverse cultures, primarily U.S. residents of Latino, African and Asian heritage, and native peoples of the Americas and the Pacific.
Founded in 1974 and inspired by the civil rights movement, it has been in the forefront of documenting the artistic journeys created by photographic artists often overlooked by the mainstream art world.
En Foco has created exhibitions, workshops, fellowships and a permanent collection. The organization supports its constituent artists with direct and indirect funding opportunities.
Through its visual arts programs, En Foco strives to balance the inequities of the art world by creating the 'missing pages' in art history. In 1984 it created the bilingual (English/Spanish) photographic magazine Nueva Luz, which concentrates on works by U.S.-based photographers of color. Some photographers En Foco has exhibited or written about are Hank Willis Thomas, Sama Raena Alshaibi, Juan Sánchez, Hong-An Truong and Víctor Vázquez.
History
Inspired by the 1973 traveling exhibition Dos Mundos (organized by the Institute of Contemporary Hispanic Art and exhibited in New York City, Los Angeles and Puerto Rico), a group of Puerto Rican photographers - Charles Biasiny-Rivera, Phil Dante, and Roger Cabán - banded together to form the core En Foco group and incorporated in 1974.
In 2012 en exhibition of a selección of En Foco's permanent collection was presented at the Art Museum of the Americas and included works by Chuy Benitez and Lola Flash among others.
References
External links
En Foco Homepage
Publications
Bonilla, Fred. "Calidad y Claridad: The Fine Work of En Foco". Photoinduced.com. March 9, 2008.
Cotter, Holland. "Way Up in the Bronx a Hardy Spirit Blooms". New York Times, May 7, 1999.
Herrera, Monica. "Mujeres on the Move". Latina, August 2007.
"Seeing Differently: Photo Magazines with an Angle". Utne Magazine, Sept-Oct 2003
Survey of Archives of Latino and Latin American Art, Museum of Modern Art, New York
Swerdlin, Ilana. "En Foco Celebrates 30 Years". Afterimage, Issue 33.1
Zimmer, Wiliam. "En Foco Collection Finds a Permanent Home in the Bronx." The New York Times, Sunday, December 3, 1989.
Fernandez, Enrique. "La Gran Passion: Work by Hispanic Photographers." The Village Voice, July 12, 1983.
Guzman, Pablo Yoruba . "A Latin Sense of Family." The Daily News, September 30, 1979.
Moser, Lida. "A Photographer's Guide to Cooperative Galleries." Arts & Leisure section, New York Times, October 17, 1976.
American photography organizations
Arts organizations established in 1974
Photography organizations
The 2022 6 Hours of Monza was an endurance sports car racing event held at the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza, Monza, Italy on 10 July 2022. It was the fourth round of the 2022 FIA World Endurance Championship, and was the second running of the event as part of the championship.
Entry list
The entry list was revealed on 20 May 2022. This race marked the début of the Peugeot 9X8, the Le Mans Hypercar built by Peugeot Sport. This was also the first race of the season without the No. 5 Team Penske LMP2 machine.
Qualifying
Qualifying results
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
Race
Race Result
The minimum number of laps for classification (70% of overall winning car's distance) was 136 laps. Class winners are in bold and .
Standings after the race
2022 Hypercar World Endurance Drivers' Championship
2022 Hypercar World Endurance Manufacturers' World Championship
2022 World Endurance GTE Drivers' Championship
2022 World Endurance GTE Manufacturers' Championship
References
6 Hours of Monza
Auto races in Italy
Monza
6 Hours of Monza
6 Hours of Monza
Khabar (, also Romanized as Khabr and Khebr; also known as Khebreh and Khowr) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 263, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Decade is the second EP by American post-hardcore band Alesana. It was released in April 2014, and the release used a different stylization of lyrics compared to their past releases. This album was made to celebrate the 10 years as a band. This is Alesana's first and only release with Artery Recordings.
Track listing
Personnel
Dennis Lee - unclean vocals
Shawn Milke - lead vocals, piano, rhythm guitar
Patrick Thompson - lead guitar, backing vocals
Jake Campbell - rhythm guitar, backing vocals, lead guitar
Shane Crump - bass guitar, backing vocals
Jeremy Bryan - drums
Charts
Trivia
The song "Second Guessing" has a different name "Almost Famous" and was changed at the last second.
This is the second record with collaboration of guitarist Jake Campbell since his departure of the band in 2010, months later ending The Emptiness record and tour.
References
2014 EPs
Alesana albums
Kranji Station (KRI) is a class III railway station located in Kranji, West Bekasi, Bekasi, West Java. The station, which is located at an altitude of +18 m, is included in the Operation Area I Jakarta and is the westernmost railway station in Bekasi City and West Java for the Rajawali–Cikampek railway, as well as the northernmost in West Java. This station only serves the Cikarang Loop Line.
History
Since 8 January 2019, this station has used a new building located on top of the old station building, with a futuristic modern minimalist architecture, the station layout was changed from two railway tracks flanked by side platforms to two railway tracks with an island platform in the middle.
Services
The following is a list of train services at the Kranji Station.
Passenger services
KAI Commuter
Cikarang Loop Line (Full Racket)
to (direct service)
to (looping through -- and vice versa)
Cikarang Loop Line (Half Racket), to / (via and ) and
Intermodal support
References
External links
Bekasi
Railway stations in West Java
The Best of Peter, Paul, and Mary: Ten Years Together is a 1970 greatest hits release by American folk trio Peter, Paul, and Mary. It is the last album released before the group split up in 1970.
The album includes all of their greatest hits, including their only #1 hit "Leaving On A Jet Plane", "If I Had a Hammer", and their versions of the Bob Dylan songs "Blowin' in the Wind", "Don't Think Twice, It's All Right," and "Too Much of Nothing," along with others. The thirteen cuts were taken from the trio's 1962 debut album, Peter, Paul and Mary (Lemon Tree, 500 Miles, If I Had a Hammer), and their follow-up albums: In the Wind (1963) (Blowin' in the Wind, Stewball, Don't Think Twice), Album 1700 (1967) (I Dig Rock and Roll Music, Leaving on a Jet Plane), (Moving) (1963) (Puff), A Song Will Rise (1965) (For Lovin' Me), See What Tomorrow Brings (1965) (Early Mornin' Rain), Late Again (1968) (Too Much of Nothing), and Peter, Paul and Mommy (1969) (Day Is Done).
Ten Years Together was released on Warner Brothers Label 2552 in 1970, with cover art by Milton Glaser. Due to the trio's 1970 breakup, this would be their last album together until 1978's Reunion album. AllMusic's Bruce Eder praises this compilation as a close cross-section of PP&M's eclectic sound, nicely highlighting the group's evolution during the prior decade from the acoustic folk sound that helped popularize several early Dylan compositions, to their later use of electric guitar and drums on hits like "Too Much of Nothing" — another Dylan contribution, but from his later sound, composed in 1967, but not released by Dylan himself until 1975.
Track listing
Side 1
"Blowin' in the Wind", (Bob Dylan) – 2:58
"Too Much of Nothing" (Bob Dylan) – 2:32
"Lemon Tree" (Will Holt) – 2:52
"Stewball" (Elena Mezzetti-Stookey-Okun-Travers) – 3:09
"500 Miles" (Hedy West) – 2:55
"I Dig Rock and Roll Music" (Stookey-James Mason-Dave Dixon) – 2:31
"If I Had a Hammer (The Hammer Song)" (Pete Seeger-Lee Hayes) - 2:05
Side 2
"Early Morning Rain" (Gordon Lightfoot) - 3:13
"Leaving on a Jet Plane" (John Denver) – 3:27
"Puff (The Magic Dragon)" (Peter Yarrow-Leonard Lipton) – 3:25
"For Lovin' Me" (Gordon Lightfoot) – 2:08
"Don't Think Twice, It's All Right" (Bob Dylan) – 3:12
"Day Is Done" (Peter Yarrow) – 3:22
References
Peter, Paul and Mary albums
1970 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Milt Okun
Albums produced by Albert Grossman
Warner Records compilation albums
Eric Puls (born July 4, 1971 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played two seasons in the German third division and nine in the USISL. He was the head coach of the Reading Rage in 2001 and 2002.
Youth
Puls grew up in St. Louis, Missouri where he was a member of the 1988 Christian Brothers College High School Missouri State championship soccer team. That year, he was also selected as an State soccer player. He then attended Syracuse University, playing on the men's soccer team from 1989 to 1992. Pul holds the all-time record for most points as a freshman. In addition to his school teams, Puls also played club soccer with the Busch Soccer Club until his graduation from High School. He then played for the Scott Gallagher cup.
Professional
Following college, Puls moved to Germany to pursue a professional career. He signed with SV Darmstadt 98 in the second Bundesliga before moving to Rot-Weiß Waldorf of the Regionalliga where he played from 1992 to 1994. In 1995, he returned to St. Louis and signed with the St. Louis Knights in the USISL. In February 1996, the Colorado Rapids selected Puls in the 12th round (112th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. On March 25, 1996, the Rapids released Puls during a pre-season roster reduction. He then moved to the Reading Rage where he played from 1996 to 2003. He was 1999, 2000 and 2003 All League.
Coaching
In 2001, Puls became a player-coach with the Reading Rage. He held this position through the 2002 season. In 2003, he founded F.C. Revolution, a youth club in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania. He played with the F.C. Reading Revolution men's team in the NPSL until 2011 in which he retired from playing soccer. Now, he spends his time as a coach and club president for Reading Rage. He has "revolutionized" soccer by introducing the "Funnel Offense". The Funnel Offense is a variation of the 4-3-3. The layout is shaped like a triangle where the 3 forwards form a point at the head of the offense. This revelatory game strategy has taken teams to a nationally ranked status.
References
External links
F.C. Revolution profile
1971 births
Living people
American expatriate soccer players
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
National Premier Soccer League players
Reading United A.C. players
St. Louis Knights players
Syracuse Orange men's soccer players
Soccer players from Missouri
USISL players
USISL coaches
Association football midfielders
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Association football player-managers
Colorado Rapids draft picks
Chenkol () is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed by Sibi Malayil and written by A. K. Lohithadas. A continuation of his 1989 film Kireedam, the story continues Sethumadhavan's (Mohanlal) story after his prison term and his life back into society. The movie was produced by Krishnakumar. It also features Thilakan, Surbhi Javeri Vyas, Keerikkadan Jose, and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. The film's music was composed by Johnson. Lohithadas won the Kerala Film Critics Award for Best Script for the film.
Plot
Sethumadhavan is released after serving imprisonment of seven years in central jail for murdering Keerikadan Jose, a hardcore criminal. Though it was by accident, which he did to save his life, the society is not ready to accept it. For them, he is now a hardcore criminal, who had killed someone who ruled the streets for long years. Upon release, Sethu visits the medical college to meet his younger brother Rameshan who is doing a course in medicine. However, Rameshan responds coldly and openly asks Sethu not to make any further visits as it may hurt his reputation.
Sethu realizes that the world around him has undergone a severe change. At home though, his mother Ammu is elated to see him, but his father Achuthan Nair is not too keen on having him at home. Achuthan Nair, who always wanted Sethu to be a police inspector, broke down completely after Sethu's conviction and has turned into an alcoholic. Remorseful, Sethu looks forward to building up a life outside the jail, but he fails to find employment due to the tag of an "ex-convict" labelled on him.
Sethu tries to catch up with his old friend Najeeb, who tells him about the present physical condition of Parameshwaran, whom Sethu had severely assaulted in a bid to save his own life. Fully paralysed, Parameshwaran now runs a cycle repair shop with the help of his wife and daughter. Sethu meets Parameshawaran, who is now a completely changed man. With the help of Parameshwaran, Sethu begins selling fish for a living. Keerikadan had an affair with another woman named Madhavi Varma and had two children, Indu and her brother. The illegitimate wife and children of Keerikadan suffer constant threats from Keerikadan's family after his death. The siblings of Keerikadan, who were looking for a chance to unleash vengeance upon Sethu, attack him violently. He is saved by Indu, who happens to be the illegitimate daughter of Keerikadan. She expresses sympathy for him and encourages him to live a new living. Once, in a bid to escape from the brothers of Keerikadan, Sethu beats them up. Achuthan Nair blames Sethu and asks him to stay away from their house, which he agrees to. However, Sethu gradually realizes that for his surroundings, he is still a criminal.
The local police officer warns Sethu for no reason and humiliates him, which creates deep mental anguish in him. Sethu undergoes deep psychological torture, which slowly transforms him into another person. To counter the attacks from Keerikadan's family, Sethu becomes a thug of a local businessman. He slowly becomes a hardcore criminal and has several criminal cases pending in the police station, but he overcomes them with the help of local politicians. With time, his relationship with Indu grows, and he asks her mother for her hand in marriage, which she refuses, flatly citing that he is a criminal whose life has no guarantee. This incident strikes him deeply, and he decides to change. In the meantime, Sethu shockingly finds out that his sister, under the veil of drama acting, is into prostitution, that too with their father acting as the pimp. This deals him a severe mental blow, and he reacts violently to his father. Achuthan Nair, unable to face his son, commits suicide by hanging himself on the ceiling fan of a hotel where the business takes place. Sethu now shifts back to his old village with the rest of his family and starts farming.
Slowly, Madhavi agrees to get Indu married to Sethu, but their teenage son maintains a bitter hatred towards Sethu. Karadi Antony, the younger brother of Keerikadan, is now released from jail and is back to avenge his brother's death. He hunts down Sethu and Indu's family but is killed by Sethu. However, he is shocked when the illegitimate son of Keerikadan (brother of Indu), at this crucial moment, fatally stabs Sethu. Sethu advises him to run away from the spot to save himself, otherwise, he too will end up as another criminal of circumstances. Watching him run away, Sethu closes his eyes. At the time of his death, the tagline shows the following; "The story of a prince who lost his crown and a sceptre ends here".
Cast
Mohanlal as Sethumadhavan
Thilakan as Retd Police Head Constable Achuthan Nair, Sethu's father
Surbhi Javeri Vyas as Indu
Jojan Kanjany as Karadi Antony
Usha as Latha, Sethu's younger sister
Mohan Raj as Keerikkadan Jose, Indu's foster father
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Ammu, Achuthan Nair's wife and Sethu's mother
Sreenath as Keshu, Sethu's friend
Sankaradi as Krishnan Nair, Sethu's maternal uncle and Devi's father
Santhakumari as Bharathi, Krishnan Nair's wife, Devi's mother, and Sethu's aunt
Cochin Haneefa as Haidrose
Kundara Johny as Parameshwaran
Spadikam George as Thomas Chandi Keerikkadan, Jose's elder brother
Meghanathan as Keerikkadan Sunny Chakko, Jose's younger brother
Mamukkoya as Police Constable Hameed
Shammi Thilakan as SI John Mathew
Maniyanpilla Raju as Najeeb, a shopkeeper and Hameed's son
Shanthi Krishna as Madhavi Varma, Jose's second wife and Indu's mother
Yadukrishnan as Rameshan, Sethu's youngest brother and a student of medicine
Kanakalatha as Ambika, Sethu's divorced elder sister
Nandhu as Prisoner
Parvathy Jayaram as Devi, Sethu's cousin and lover, who is deceased (photo presence only)
Philomina as Krishnan's and Ammu's elderly mother and Sethu's grandmother, who is also deceased (photo presence only)
Shivaji as Diwakaran
Kothuku Nanappan
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by Johnson master and lyrics were penned by Kaithapram.
Awards
Kerala State Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer - Dr. K. J. Yesudas
Kerala Film Critics Award for Best Script - A. K. Lohithadas
References
External links
1993 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Indian sequel films
EKireedom2
Films directed by Sibi Malayil
Films with screenplays by A. K. Lohithadas
Films scored by Johnson
Indian political films
Samuel Taylor Suit (1832–1888) was a Maryland politician and landowner. Suit was born in Bladensburg, Maryland, the son of innkeeper Fielder Suit. At age 14 he left home and traveled first to Keokuk, Iowa, and then to Louisville, Kentucky. In Kentucky Suit became involved in distilling whiskey, eventually owning a distillery and making his fortune. During this time he became an honorary Kentucky colonel and was known as Colonel Suit from that time onward. While in Kentucky he married his first wife, Sarah Ebenezer Williams, who died in childbirth at age 19.
In August 1862 Suit donated a set of regimental flags to the Chicago Board of Trade, which were presented to what became the First Board of Trade Regiment, or 72nd Illinois Infantry. The flags were labeled "Presented by S T Suit, of Louisville KY, to the First Board of Trade Regiment", and were carried by the regiment through the war, it is believed they were burned in the Chicago Fire.
Suit left Louisville and moved to New York City, where he obtained a seat on the New York Stock Exchange. In New York he met Aurelia Wilmarth, daughter of Home Life Insurance Company of New York president Arthur Wilmarth, and they were married in 1859. A son was born in 1861, but the marriage proved contentious.
In 1867, Suit moved back to Maryland with his family, and purchased a more than estate near Washington, D.C. The property, which became known as Suitland, is now the town of Suitland, Maryland. Suit set up a new distillery nearby under the name "S.T. Suit" and invested in railroads. The estate was visited by U.S. Presidents Ulysses S. Grant and Rutherford B. Hayes, and was the scene of negotiations to settle the Alabama Claims.
From 1873 to 1877 Suit was a Maryland state senator. In 1876 the Suitland mansion was destroyed by fire, causing Suit to declare bankruptcy. While Suit recovered his properties and finances, the Suitland house was never rebuilt. In 1878 Aurelia left, and they were divorced by 1879.
At about this time, Suit met Rosa Pelham at the spa in Berkeley Springs, West Virginia. She was the daughter of U.S. Representative Charles Pelham of Alabama. They were married in 1883, when Samuel was 51 and Rosa was 22. They soon had three children.
The Suits were regular visitors to Berkeley Springs. In 1885, they started construction of their own private residence there: the Samuel Taylor Suit Cottage or "Berkeley Castle". The family took up residence in August 1887.
Suit died on October 1, 1888, at his residence on New Jersey Avenue in Washington. He is buried in St. Barnabas Cemetery, Temple Hills, Maryland.
"Berkeley Castle" was not complete at the time of Samuel's death, but Rosa completed the house in the 1890s. She sold the Suitland estate in 1902 to pay debts. The castle was sold in 1913.
References
External links
Biography of Suit at the U.S. Census Bureau, whose headquarters now occupy part of the Suitland estate
Detailed biography of Suit at the Federation of Historic Bottle Collectors, discussing jugs and bottles produced by Suit's distilleries in detail
1830 births
1888 deaths
People from Bladensburg, Maryland
Maryland state senators
People from Bath (Berkeley Springs), West Virginia
Burials in Maryland
Businesspeople from Louisville, Kentucky
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Patrick Ginley (December 11, 1822 – April 5, 1917) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.
Ginley was born in Ireland, and entered service at Woodside, Queens, in New York City. He was awarded the Medal of Honor, for extraordinary heroism shown in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, for bravery in action during the Second Battle of Ream's Station, while serving as a Private with Company F, 2nd U.S. Artillery. His Medal of Honor was issued on October 31, 1890.
Ginley died at the age of 94, on April 5, 1917 and was buried in the Calvary Cemetery in Queens, New York.
Medal of Honor citation
References
External links
1837 births
1912 deaths
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials at Calvary Cemetery (Queens)
Irish-born Medal of Honor recipients
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People from Queens, New York
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Carenum violaceum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
violaceum
Beetles described in 1864
The Nelum Pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa Theatre ( nelum pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa rangahala) (often known as Nelum Pokuna; previously the National Performing Arts Theatre, prior to naming at the opening ceremony after which the President Mahinda Rajapaksa named it after himself.) is a performing arts centre in Colombo, Sri Lanka. The theatre opened on 15 December 2011.
Design and features
The architecture of the building is inspired by the 12th-century Nelum Pokuna (lotus pond) in Polonnaruwa. Built by King Parakramabahu the Great, Polonnaruwa's Nelum Pokuna is shaped as a stylised eight-petalled lotus flower.
The total estimated cost of the project is LKR 3,080 million. Government of the People's Republic of China provided LKR 2430 million out of the total cost of the building.
The building spreads over of floor area.
The theatre is equipped with an auditorium with 1,288 seats, a library, and training facilities. The building features two permanent theatres—the main auditorium and an open-air theatre—and the ability to convert the front steps into an additional open-air theatre.
The moving stage in the auditorium includes the ability to raise and lower the orchestra pit to and from stage level. There are facilities to conduct educational and research activities. Parking for 500 vehicles is also available.
Building history
In 2005 China expressed willingness to construct a cultural theatre in Colombo, in memory of President Chandrika Kumaratunga's late husband Vijaya Kumaratunga who was a popular actor. The foundation stone was laid to the project by her. The National Performing Arts Theatre's construction began in 2006 and took four years to build. The theatre's construction was completed around early 2011 and it was opened in December 2011. It was ceremonially opened by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse and China's Vice President of the Chinese Republican Committee, Sang Chiang.
During the opening the Ananda Coomaraswamy Mawatha was renamed to Nelum Pokuna Mawatha, later reverted to Ananda Coomaraswamy Mawatha.
Notable shows, productions, and events
The Nelum Pokuna Theatre has shows, productions, and other bookings scheduled through September 2012.
For opening night, an opera was produced by leading Sri Lanka artistes, such as Jayantha Chandrasiri, Rohana Weerasinghe and Channa Wijewardena, starting with a rendition of Jagan Mohini Madura Bashini by Pandith Amaradeva. A Chinese opera was also produced upon opening. The Chinese opera depicted the story of fourth-century Chinese-Buddhist monk Fa-Hsien's travels to Sri Lanka. Both performances employed the Seda Mawatha concept, incorporating both film and drama.
In November 2013, the Theatre hosted its first symphony orchestra concert, by the Commonwealth Festival Orchestra, with 87 musicians from the UK, India and the Symphony Orchestra of Sri Lanka, conducted by James Ross.
The venue was initially chosen to host the ABU Radio Song Festival 2014 on 23 May 2014, but was later moved to the Stein Studios, in Colombo.
The Nelum Pokuna Theatre was the site of the opening ceremony of the 2013 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
Gallery
See also
Theatre of Sri Lanka
Lionel Wendt Art Centre
Navarangahala
Notes and references
External links
Official Website
Nelum Pokuna-Interactive
Theatres in Colombo District
Colombo architecture
Cultural buildings in Colombo
Government buildings in Colombo
Tourist attractions in Colombo
A phene is an individual genetically determined characteristic or trait which can be possessed by an organism.
Phene may also refer to:
Phène, a historical name for benzene, proposed by Auguste Laurent
John Samuel Phene, British architect
The Phene, a pub in Chelsea, designed by the above
Frankie Raymond Gavin (born 28 September 1985) is a British professional boxer. He held the British and Commonwealth welterweight titles between 2012 and 2015, and has challenged once for the IBF welterweight title in 2015. As an amateur, Gavin won a gold medal in the lightweight division at the 2007 World Championships, becoming England's first ever winner of that event. He also won lightweight gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Amateur career
Domestically as an amateur, Gavin represented the Birmingham's Hall Green boxing club with whom he won the English ABA championship in 2005 and 2007 and a Four Nations championship in 2005.
Internationally, Gavin defeated Giovanni Frontin of Mauritius to win a gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in the lightweight (60 kg) division. That year, he won bronze at the European Union Championships losing to Domenico Valentino in the semi-final. Gavin has beaten him twice since.
At the European Championships 2006 he lost to Olexandr Klyuchko.
2007 World Championships
At the 2007 World Championships, he first beat reigning world silver medallist and fellow southpaw Romal Amanov of Azerbaijan scoring a knockdown. Frankie then caused a huge upset by defeating Russian superstar Aleksei Tishchenko, unbeaten in four years, to reach the final where he beat Italian Domenico Valentino 19:10.
2007 AIBA World Amateur championships held in Chicago
Defeated Omar Ward (Barbados) RSC 3 (0:50)
Defeated Ramal Amanov (Azerbaijan) 21–10
Defeated Onur Sipal (Turkey) 16–7
Defeated Alexei Tichtchenko (Russia) 19–10
Defeated Domenico Valentino (Italy) 18–10
He stepped up in weight and won the 2008 EU tournament in Poland receiving boxer of the tournament as well.
As of 2007, he has won 100 of his 121 amateur contests.
2008 Summer Olympics
Gavin was Great Britain's best hope of a boxing medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but was unable to make the weight and was therefore unable to compete.
Professional career
In October 2008, Gavin announced that he would turn professional. He signed a contract with promoter Frank Warren and agreed to be trained by Anthony Farnell in Manchester. He made his debut with Olympians James Degale and Billy Joe Saunders which he won with a 4th round stoppage.
In 2010, he won his first professional title by defeating Sheffield's Michael Kelly in the fifth round for the Irish light welterweight title. He qualified for the title as his parents are Irish.
In June 2013, Gavin defeated the previously unbeaten Denton Vassell by 7th-round TKO, having broken Vassell's jaw. In doing so he retained his BBBofC British welterweight title and captured Vassell's Commonwealth title.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Boxers from Birmingham, West Midlands
English male boxers
English people of Irish descent
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Boxers at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Welterweight boxers
Commonwealth Boxing Council champions
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
British Boxing Board of Control champions
Walter Sully Emporium is a heritage-listed commercial building at 404–408 Argent Street, Broken Hill, City of Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia. It was built from 1885 to 1900. It is also known as Walter Sully & Co. Pty Ltd. It today houses the Broken Hill Regional Art Gallery. The property is owned by Broken Hill City Council. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
Walter Sully established his first store in Silverton in 1882. In 1885 he moved to Broken Hill and erected a two-storey stone building with an arched, galvanised iron roof. This was used as the first post office in Broken Hill, commencing operation on 1 November 1886. An adjoining building was erected some years later in two separate parts – an office and a grocery store. This may have been around 1900. The office was reputedly in the centre building.
On 29 November 1907 Walter Sully & Co. Pty Ltd was formed as a limited company with Walter Sully as chairman, H. B. Sweetapple as managing director and five other directors. In 1924 Sully died in England and Sweetapple became managing director. Sweetapple held this position until 1971 when Mr K. Hammond became managing director.
Sullys provided all the heavy machinery and equipment for the development and exploration of Broken Hill's mineral field: explosives, candles, timber, metal machinery, general hardware, paints, tractors and liquor. The firm had its own livery stables and blacksmith at the rear of the buildings.
Sully's Emporium ceased business in 1985, by which time it was the longest-serving commercial business in Broken Hill.
In 1998, the building was purchased by the Broken Hill City Council as a new home for the Broken Hill Regional Art Gallery. It subsequently underwent a heritage refurbishment under architect Elizabeth Vines, preserving many heritage features and winning a number of heritage awards. Following the completion of the renovations, the gallery relocated to the emporium building in October 2004.
Description
The Walter Sully Emporium is situated on the north-west side of Argent Street, adjoining The Silver City Working Men's Club. The ground is flat and without any substantial vegetation. The ground is partially covered by bitumen.
The building is a two-storey stone structure with a cellar covering the rear sections of the building. The first stage (1885) comprises the double fronted shop with staircase to the overhead gallery and to the cellar. The second stage (c.1900) comprises two shops with a cellar underneath.
The walls were originally exposed stone with red brick quoining and parapet detailing. Later, probably during the building of the 1900 extension, the facade was unified with render detailing and a veranda erected to unify the front elevation. The shopfronts are timber, the original design copied in the extension.
Between 1939 and 1957 all the facade detailing was removed and has been replaced with cement render. Pilasters (built 1900) divide the shopfronts with quasi-corinthian capitals and a new verandah has been added. The verandah has a timber framed roof of shallow convex shape, steel posts of two sizes and a concealed gutter behind the fascia hoarding.
The building roof is galvanised iron. The roof to the original building is a shallow barrel shape with small steel bow truss supports. The roof to the later section comprises two gables concealed behind the shop parapet with a central box gutter and ending in two hips with roof ventilators at the north end.
Corrugated iron outbuildings, a brick explosive store, underground tank and underground well are also located on the site.
The building was reported as being in poor physical condition at the time of its heritage listing, prior to the renovations by Broken Hill City Council.
Heritage listing
The emporium was the longest surviving commercial business in Broken Hill until its closure and was instrumental in the development and exploration of the mineral field. It forms part of an important Argent Street streetscape.
Walter Sully Emporium was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
It is the earliest surviving commercial business in Broken Hill until its closure in 1985 and was associated with two well known Broken Hill families, the Sullys (1885–1924) and the Sweetaples (1924–1985). The business provided all the heavy machinery and equipment for the development and exploration of Broken Hill's mineral field.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The emporium is a strong element in the Argent Street streetscape. Erected in two stages, the two storey buildings are notable, despite defacement of the facade by removal of original facade mouldings and the single storey verandah. It forms an integral part of the streetscape. (vines 1987: 4)
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The interior survives in original condition, retaining early office furniture and timber store shelving. The upper residence floors retain early finishes which, although in poor condition, provide a catalogue of decorative finishes utilised in Broken Hill from c.1900 – c.1940.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Broken Hill, New South Wales
Commercial buildings in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
South Africa entered 45 athletes in the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro from 7 - 18 September 2016. The country qualified athletes in archery, athletics, canoeing, cycling, equestrian, powerlifting, rowing, swimming, shooting and wheelchair tennis.
Funding and support
In September 2015, a representative from the country attended the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games Chef de Mission seminar as part of the country's preparation efforts for the 2016 Games.
For some South African sportspeople trying to qualify for Rio, the funding had to come out of their own pocket. This was the case for three-time equestrian Paralympian Philippa Johnson. There is a particular challenge with equestrian sport because, unlike able-bodied riders, para-riders do not get prize money at major international events. This despite the fact the sport has higher costs for participants with a disability. SASOC's Operation Excellence (OPEX) does exist and for some South African Paralympians, it provides four years worth of support going into each new Paralympic cycle. 32% of the funded sportspeople in the program are para-sportspeople.
Medals
The South African team won a total of seventeen medals; seven gold, six silver and four bronze.
Gold
Kevin Paul - Swimming - Men's 100m Breaststroke - SB9
Hilton Langenhoven - Athletics - Men's Long Jump - T12
Charl du Toit - Athletics - Men's 100m - T37
Ernst van Dyk - Cycling - Men's Road Race - H5
Reinhardt Hamman - Athletics - Men's Javelin Throw - F38
Charl du Toit - Athletics - Men's 400m - T37
Dyan Buis - Athletics - Men's 400m - T38
Silver
Ilse Hayes - Athletics - Women's 100m - T13
Ntando Mahlangu - Athletics - Men's 200m - T42
Anrune Liebenberg - Athletics - Women's 400m - T47
Jonathan Ntutu - Athletics - Men's 100m - T12
Ilse Hayes - Athletics - Women's 400m - T13
Hilton Langenhoven - Athletics - Men's 200m - T12
Bronze
Fanie van der Merwe - Athletics - Men's 100m - T37
Tyrone Pillay - Athletics - Men's Shot Put - T42
Zanele Situ - Athletics - Women's Javelin Throw - F54
Dyan Buis - Athletics - Men's Long Jump - T38
Archery
South Africa qualified one archer for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. Stephanus Lombaard earned the spot in the men's compound open after defeating sixth seeded Swiss archer Martin Imboden.
Athletics
The athletics squad consists of seven women and thirteen men:
Women
Ilse Hayes, Louzanne Coetzee, Liezel Gouws, Anrune Liebenberg, Zandile Nhlapo, Zanele Situ, Chenelle Van Zyl
Men
Dyan Buis, Charl Du Toit, Arnu Fourie, Reinhardt Hamman, Hilton Langenhoven, Ntando Mahlangu, Mpumelelo Mhlongo, Jonathan Ntutu, Tyrone Pillay, Union Sekailwe, Fanie van der Merwe, Ernst van Dyk, Khothatso Mokone (Guide)
Managers and coaches
Suzanne Ferreira, Karin Le Roux, Daniel Damon, Raymond Julius, Neels Matthyser
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, South Africa qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
A single competitor, Philippa Johnson returns to the Paralympics for the third time. She is supported by groom Mieke Wirix and coach Christiaan Haazen.
Paracanoeing
South Africa earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan, Italy where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation. Graham Paull earned the spot for South Africa after finishing fifth in the men's KL1 event.
Powerlifting
One woman, Chantelle Stierman has been entered in the powerlifting event, her manager/coach is Andrew Ludik.
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event. South Africa qualified for the Rio 2016 under these criteria in the AS Women's Single Sculls event with a seventh-place finish in a time of 05:48.890. South Africa qualified a second boat with a fifth-place finish in the LTA Mixed Coxed Four event in a time of 03:31.830, twelve seconds behind first-place finisher, Great Britain, who had a time of 03:19.560.
Shooting
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Zenuer von Kohne earned a qualifying spot for South Africa at this competition in the P3 Mixed 25m Pistol SH1 event.
Swimming
South African swimmers competed at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships as part of their Rio qualifying efforts. Hendri Herbst was one swimmer who set an A-Qualifying time at the event. The blind swimmer from Worcester, Western Cape qualified in the men's S11 100-metre with a time of 1:00.35. Beth Nothling also qualified for Rio 2016 with an A-Qualifying time of 55.92 in the S5 50m backstroke event. Emily Gray also qualified for Rio 2016 in the S9 100m backstroke event after a 7th place in the final in a time of 1:16.27.
Wheelchair tennis
The wheelchair tennis squad consists of one woman, Kgothatso Montjane and three men, Leon Els, Lucas Sithole and Evans Maripa. The coaching staff are Khotso Matshego and Holger Losch. Wheelchair Tennis South Africa held a send-off ceremony for the tennis delegation on August 16 in Johannesburg.
See also
South Africa at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in South African sport
Rivière Qui Barre is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada, within Sturgeon County. It is located west of Highway 44, approximately northwest of Edmonton's city limits. It was founded in 1885 by French-speaking settlers, adding a post office in 1895. The name is the French translation of Kipohtakaw (“river that bars the way”), the Cree name of the nearby river.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Riviere Qui Barre had a population of 91 living in 36 of its 37 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 15. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Riviere Qui Barre had
a population of 15 living in 4 of its 6 total private dwellings. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Services
While the hamlet of Rivière Qui Barre has only 91 people, it is a recreation and education center for this part of Sturgeon County.
The Rivière Qui Barre Arena provides an indoor ice hockey venue for the area. In January 2017, the Government of Canada announced that the arena's operator, the Rivière Qui Barre Agricultural Society, would receive a $200,000 grant for upgrades as part of a series of infrastructure projects celebrating the 150th anniversary of Canada becoming a nation. In March 2017, Sturgeon County added a further $100,000 grant for the renovations.
The Sturgeon School Division operates Camilla School in Rivière Qui Barre, serving 470 elementary and junior high students from the region in the 2016–17 school year. In March 2017, the Alberta Minister of Education announced that a new Camilla School will be built by 2021, replacing the structure built in 1954.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
1895 establishments in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Populated places established in 1885
Sturgeon County
Naval flag signalling covers various forms of flag signalling, such as semaphore or flaghoist, used by various navies; distinguished from maritime flag signalling by merchant or other non-naval vessels or flags used for identification.
History
Naval flag signalling undoubtedly developed in antiquity in order to coordinate naval action of multiple vessels. In the Peloponnesian War (431 – 401 BCE) squadrons of Athenian galleys were described by Thucydides as engaging in coordinated maneuvers which would have required some kind of communication; there is no record of how such communication was done but flags would have been the most likely method.
Flags have long been used to identify a ship's owner or nationality, or the commander of a squadron. But the use of flags for signalling messages long remained primitive, as indicated by the 1530 instruction that when the Admiral
Ordnance, and set up his Banner of Council on Starrborde bottocke of his
Shippe, everie shipps capten shall with spede go aborde the Admyrall to
know his will.
Several wars with the Dutch in the 17th century prompted the English to issue instructions for the conduct of particular fleets, such as (in 1673) the Duke of York's "Instructions for the better Ordering of His Majesties Fleet in Sayling". Signals were primitive and rather ad hoc ("As soon as the Admiral shall loose his fore-top and fire a gun..."), and generally a one-way communication system, as only flagships carried a complete set of flags. In 1790 Admiral Lord Howe issued a new signal book for a numerary system using numeral flags to signal a number; the number, not the mast from which the flags flew, indicated the message. Other admirals tried various systems; it was not until 1799 that the Admiralty issued a standardized signal code system for the entire Royal Navy. This was limited to only the signals listed in the Signal-Book. In 1800 Captain Sir Home Popham devised a means of extending this: signals made with a special "Telegraph" flag refererred to a separate dictionary of numbered words and phrases. A similar system was devised by Captain Marryat in 1817 "for the use of vessels employed in the merchant service".
Marryat's Code of Signals and various competitors have been supplanted by the International Code of Signals (ICS) for general maritime use. Most navies now use the flags of the ICS for 26 letters A through Z, sometimes augmenting them with additional flags for other national characters. But they retain additional flags for naval usage (such as related to maneuvering or status), and use their own codes. E.g., in the ICS the single flag Mike means the vessel is stopped; in the U. S. Navy it means the duty medical officer is on board.
Flaghoist was the only way ships could signal prior to the advent of radio and blinking light. Even now it is often the preferred method of signalling messages of local significance. A radio message that "[ship's call sign] is fueling, everyone stands clear" is incomplete without information as to where the ship is; it is also distracting for many remote parties that are not affected, and congests the radio channel. Flying the Bravo flag is complete information: "danger, stand clear of here". It also communicates to all local parties, including personnel in the vicinity, or in passing small boats that do not have radios. Similarly, a radio message to the effect "this is the admiral, follow me" could lead to disaster if anyone mistook which ship the admiral is on.
Flag examples
Numerals
Substitutes
These flags indicate a repeat of the first, second, etc., flag in that hoist.
Sample flag meanings
Despite the NATO sharing the same alphabetic flags as the International Code of Signals, the meanings are not shared between the codes. Furthermore, the NATO code uses a number of special flags which alter the meaning of the hoist. All below signals have been taken from a 2003 unclassified NATO codebook.
See also
Bravo Zulu
Bunting tosser
England expects that every man will do his duty (a famous flag signal).
Maritime flag signalling
Semaphore
Signal lamp
International Code of Signals
Russian Navy Code of Signals
Japanese Navy Signal Flags
Notes
Sources
External links
Royal Navy Signal Flags and Pendants
Sea Flags (Joseph McMillan)
Historic Modes of Naval Communication (Captain Howeth)
Flag Signalling at Sea (Captain Barrie Kent)
NATO flags (Flags of the World)
Signal flags of the Imperial Japanese Navy (World War II).
Russian signalling flags.
Signalman 3 & 2 manual used to train U.S. Navy signalmen; detailed coverage of procedure.
Emergency communication
Signalling
Naval warfare
Signal flags
Keele Yard (originally known as Vincent Yard) is a rail yard on the Toronto Transit Commission's (TTC's) Line 2 Bloor–Danforth of the Toronto subway system. Keele Yard is located between Dundas West and Keele stations.
Description
The yard consists of four tracks each long enough to hold two six-car trains. Each track enters an underground carhouse at the east end of the yard providing interior storage for half of the yard's eight train capacity. There is a locked passage for TTC staff between the carhouse and Dundas West Station. The tracks of the Keele Yards join the mainline about 80 metres east of Keele Station near Indian Road. There is a double crossover between Keele Station and the Keele Yard junction.
Since the Keele Yard's 2017 re-opening, most activity occurs in the late evenings and early mornings. Four trains plus some work cars use the yard. Each night, subway workcars typically leave the Keele Yard before 2 a.m. when the four passenger trains start to arrive. At night, the trains are tested and prepared for morning service with some systems check tests occurring on the outdoor storage tracks. Workcars will return to the yard before 5:45 a.m. at which time the passenger trains start to go into morning service. The first westbound train is scheduled to go past the Keele Yard at about 6:00 a.m. The number of work cars using the yard will vary depending on work scheduled at the west end of Line 2.
History
Keele Yard was originally named Vincent Yard after Vincent Street, a short street that used to run east from Dundas Street, north of Bloor Street. The Dundas streetcars turned around at Vincent until the construction of Dundas West station. The street has since been replaced with The Crossways apartment building complex.
Opened in 1966, the yard historically supplemented Greenwood Yard and stored trains for Line 2 Bloor–Danforth and Line 1 Yonge–University subways. The trains would be given some minor maintenance and have their interiors cleaned. This continued until the late 1970s when Wilson Yard was opened and all excess trains could be stored there. From that point, until 2013, it was used to store work vehicles and retired subway cars. It was also used for track maintenance training. Keele Yard fell into poor condition after years of inactivity.
In August 2014, the TTC began rehabilitation work to place it back in service. On June 18, 2017, the TTC reopened the yard to store and service four trains overnight. The remaining yard capacity is used to store work equipment. By reopening the Keele Yard, the TTC eliminates the deadheading of trains between Keele Station and the Greenwood Yard, and can put trains more efficiently into service at the west end of Line 2. Also, the yard provides extra storage space which became useful when all T1 subway cars were moved from Line 1 Yonge–University to Line 2 with the introduction of TR trains on Line 1.
After a derailment on January 22, 2020, the Keele Yard was temporarily shut down until its rails could be inspected for defects. A train leaving the yard partly derailed and fouled the mainline forcing a shutdown of a portion of line 2 for 4 hours during the morning rush hours. The cause was a rail in the yard with a small protrusion which lifted a wheel on the fourth car of a subway train. The protrusion was about 1.25 Cm thick and 20-23 Cm long, and located on the inside of the rail. In addition, since 2015, the defective track had been missing a "kick plate", a custom-made item, which would have guided the wheel. Also, a TTC roadmaster (who does track inspections) found that the switch was not properly fastened with braces to the track bed; the braces were either missing or improperly installed.
References
Toronto rapid transit
Rail yards in Ontario
Afanasi Petrovich Trishkin (; born June 4, 1934, village Pesochnoye, Kaluga Oblast, RSFSR, USSR) is a Soviet and Russian film and theater actor. He is an Honored Artist of Russia (2003).
Biography
Afanasi Trishkin was born on June 4, 1934, in Pesochnya (now Kirov, Kaluga Oblast, Russia). In 1959 he graduated from Bryansk State Technical University. In 1964 he began his artistic career at Krasnoyarsk Dramatic Theater. In 1973 he was invited to a minor role in the film Engineer Pronchatov by Igor Vasiliev. Later, Vasiliev invited Trishkin to the play Cinzano, based on the text of Lyudmila Petrushevskaya.
The performance began to be rehearsed at Sovremennik Theater, using a certain period of administrative and creative, semi-legal confusion, including: Oleg Dal, Valentin Nikulin, Afanasi Trishkin. However, soon the rehearsals were stopped by order of the director of the theater.
. Unable to find work in Moscow, Afanasi Trishkin moved to Kishinev, where he worked at the film actor and studied at the film studio Moldova-Film. Removed in dozens of paintings from these and other studies, mainly in adventure strips.
In 2003 he received the honorary title of Honored Artist of Russia.
In recent years, it is in the Near the House of Stanislavsky Theatre. He took part in the work Yesterday Came Suddenly. Winnie-the-Pooh, Or Good-bye, Beatles — acute social drama, which played the role of the elder Christopher Robin.
Filmography
The Favorite (1976) as bandit
That Side Where the Wind (1978) as Ivan Sergeevich
A Hunting Accident (1978) as doctor (uncredited)
Dangerous Friends (1979) as professor
Broken Sky (1979) as Captain counterintelligence
The Brothers Rico (1980) as Rosenberg
December 20 (1981) as Razum
Agony (1981) as Maklakov
Snowdrops and Edelweiss (1982) as Weber
Anna Pavlova (1983) as Sergeyev
La Caza del dragón (1986) as episode
Vagrant Bus (1990) as Ivan Ivanovich Daganovsky
Presence (1993) as port worker
Wolfhound (2006) as Varokh
References
External links
Афиша
1934 births
Living people
People from Kirovsky District, Kaluga Oblast
Russian male stage actors
Soviet male stage actors
Russian male film actors
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male television actors
Honored Artists of the Russian Federation
Szente is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Henrik Ravn (born 21 September 1965 in Denmark) is a Danish retired footballer.
References
Danish footballers
Living people
Association football forwards
1965 births
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Louis R. Eisenberg (born 1876 – died ?) was a Ukrainian-American chess master.
He was born in Odessa in 1876. After graduating from Nicholas College, he pursued journalism until, in 1901-1902, he won a chess tournament at Odessa 1901, and journeyed to Monte Carlo to participate in the international masters' tournament played there under the auspices of the Cercle des Etrangers in 1902. He gave quick coverage of this tournament in Odesskiya Novosti.
Eisenberg took 18th place, although his victory on this occasion over Harry Nelson Pillsbury was his best effort. The event was won by Géza Maróczy.
Coming from within a few hours ride of Kishinev, after anti-Semitic Kishinev pogrom on 6–7 April 1903, he had decided to emigrate to the United States. The August 16, 1903 New York Tribune wrote that "Louis R. Eisenberg (..) who recently played for Chicago in the telegraphic match against the Brooklyn Chess Club has made Pittsburg his home." He also played
in matches Chicago CC vs. Twin Cities CC in 1904, and Brooklyn CC vs. Rice CC New York in 1909.
Eisenberg shared 5th at St. Louis 1904 (the 7th American Chess Congress, Frank James Marshall won). He participated in the New York State Chess Association championship in 1909, finishing in a three-way tie for first with Clarence S. Howell and H. Zirn. The three had a playoff and Howell won. This and a game against José Raúl Capablanca which was played in New York City indicate that Eisenberg was probably living there in 1909.
References
External links
Louis Eisenberg at 365Chess.com
1876 births
Ukrainian Jews
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Ukrainian chess players
American chess players
Jewish chess players
Sportspeople from Odesa
Year of death missing
The 1993 Mediterranean Games football tournament was the 12th edition of the Mediterranean Games men's football tournament. The football tournament was held in Languedoc-Roussillon, France between 16 and 27 June 1993 as part of the 1993 Mediterranean Games and was contested by 10 teams. Countries were represented by their Olympic teams, except for host France, who took part with their U21 team. Turkey won the gold medal.
Participating teams
Ten Olympic teams took part in the tournament, 3 teams from Africa and 7 teams from Europe. France participated with the under-21 team.
Squads
Venues
Tournament
All times local : CET (UTC+1)
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Tournament classification
References
1993
Sports at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
1993 in African football
1993 in Asian football
1993
Maera is a genus of crustacean in the family Maeridae. It has the following species:
Maera anoculata
Maera bousfieldi
Maera danae
Maera edwardsi
Maera fusca
Maera grossimana
Maera hirondellei
Maera irregularis
Maera jerrica
Maera loveni
Maera lucinae
Maera nelsonae
Maera pachytelson
Maera schieckei
Maera similis
Maera sodalis
Maera spinimana
Maera tenera
Maera umarae
References
Malacostraca genera
Maeridae
Hohenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Maine, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1820, Maine has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Prior to 1820, much of the territory currently comprising the state of Maine was part of the state of Massachusetts, and citizens residing in that area have thus been able to participate in every U.S. election. Since 1972, Maine awards two electoral votes based on the statewide vote, and one vote for each of the two congressional districts. However, it is rare that this results in a split vote. It has done so twice, in 2016 and 2020.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Election of 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all electoral votes (including Maine's nine electoral votes) except one vote in New Hampshire. The popular vote was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Maine
Notes
References
Claude Jean Pierre Dagens (; born 20 May 1940 in Bordeaux, Gironde) is a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, serving as bishop of Angoulême.
Previously the auxiliary bishop of the diocese of Poitiers from 1999 to 2005, he is a specialist in Catholic doctrine, and was elected the twentieth member to occupy seat 1 of the Académie française April 2008. He has written abundantly about the role of the Church in French society and its relationship with secularism.
Because of his dialogue with members of Freemasonry, he has provoked the irritation of some Traditionalist Catholics (see Catholicism and Freemasonry).
References
1940 births
Living people
Clergy from Bordeaux
École Normale Supérieure alumni
French Roman Catholic writers
Bishops of Angoulême
Members of the Académie Française
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
21st-century French Roman Catholic bishops
Pharyngochromis is a genus of cichlids native to Southern Africa where they are only known from the Zambezi, Okavango, Save–Runde and Kunene basins. There are two species, which reach up to in total length, respectively.
Species and taxonomy
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Pharyngochromis acuticeps (Steindachner, 1866) (Zambezi Bream)
Pharyngochromis darlingi (Boulenger, 1911) (Zambezi Happy)
A few other, possibly undescribed species are known.
Pharyngochromis, along with Chetia, Sargochromis, Serranochromis and others, form a group sometimes known as the serranochromines or Serranochromini. How many other genera that are included varies, with some defining the group relatively narrowly and others broadly.
References
Haplochromini
Cichlid genera
Taxa named by Humphry Greenwood
Mirko Pieri (born 24 July 1978) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a defender or midfielder.
Playing career
Pieri joined Sampdoria in July 2006 along with Fabio Quagliarella, as part of the deal to sign Salvatore Foti. In June 2008 Sampdoria acquired Pieri outright.
Pieri was then signed by Livorno in July 2009 for €300,000.
Pieri had a trial at the English Football League Championship club Middlesbrough F.C. in 2010, but Boro boss Gordon Strachan stated on the club's official website that Pieri will not be offered a deal.
Style of play
Primarily a left-sided attacking full-back or wing-back, Pieri was also capable of playing in a more advanced midfield role as a winger, on either flank, due to his dynamism, work-rate, energy, and tactical versatility, and was effective both offensively and defensively.
References
External links
Scheda su Sampdoria.it
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
F.C. Grosseto S.S.D. players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Udinese Calcio players
U.C. Sampdoria players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Association football midfielders
People from Grosseto
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Grosseto
Footballers from Tuscany
Kamchay Mear ( ; meaning "to chase away/disperse Mara") is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Grammatikov , feminine: Grammatikova is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vladimir Grammatikov, Russian and Soviet theater and film actor, director, screenwriter and producer
Alexander Grammatikov, an associate of Sidney Reilly
See also
Gramatikov, Bulgarian variant
Grammaticus
Russian-language surnames
ru:Грамматиков
Crenna may refer to:
Richard Crenna (1926-2003), American motion picture, television, and radio actor
, a frazione of Gallarate, Province of Varese, Italy
Record Breaker is the eighteenth stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on Bravo and her twentieth overall. It was televised live from the Majestic Theatre in San Antonio, Texas on on Bravo.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Deborah Adamson - associate producer
Kathy Griffin - executive producer
Paul Miller - executive producer
Kimber Rickabaugh - executive producer
Jeff U'ren - film editor
Bruce Ryan - production design
Cisco Henson - executive in charge of production
Lesley Maynard - associate director, stage manager
David Crivelli - technical supervisor
Visuals and imagery
Ashlee Mullen - makeup artist
Charles Baker Strahan - hair stylist
Alan Adelman - lighting designer
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2013 live albums
Rosy Parlane, also known as Paul Douglas, is an electronic musician from New Zealand who currently lives in Auckland, New Zealand. He was in the New Zealand trio Thela, then went on a solo career, as well as co-founding the Sigma Editions record label. He also played in the bands Empirical, Parmentier, Pit Viper, Plains, Rosenberg, Sakada, Codhaven and Amazing Broccoli.
His solo music has been called "abstract, electronic-based music", "soundscapes of beauty and destruction" and "avant-techno".
Career
Parlane co-founded the avant-garde rock trio Thela in Auckland, New Zealand in 1992. They released two LPs over the years. Thela disbanded four years later, after which Parlane burnt his guitar, moved to Melbourne, Australia, and began working on solo material. At that time, he also was part of the duo Parmentier with fellow Thela ex-member Dion Workman.
In 1998, Parlane and Workman founded the Sigma Editions record label, which released music by themselves, David Haines, and Vladislav Delay. The name is a reference to Alexander Trocchi's plan for a utopian artist colony.
Parlane moved to London in 2000 and formed the ensemble Sakada with Mattin and Eddie Prévost.
In 2004 he released Iris, which was described as "extraordinary passages of filigreed and tessellated electronic minutiae and static flutter that evoke the crystalline hissing of ice in white heat".
In 2006 he released Jessamine, which featured Tetuzi Akiyama using a samurai sword to play a resonator guitar. It finished with a piece featuring eight different guitarists, including Michael Morley, Stefan Neville, Lasse Marhaug, Campbell Kneale, Donald McPherson and David Mitchell.
In 2008 he collaborated with Fennesz on a track on the Black Sea.
In 2009 he exhibited a piece of audio art in the Sonic Museum exhibition at the Auckland War Memorial Museum and performed a live score for a film at the New Zealand International Film Festivals.
Discography
Solo albums
#1-4 (1998, Sigma Editions)
Getxo (2002, Sigma Editions)
Iris (2004, Touch Records)
Jessamine (2006, Touch Records)
Collaborations
Parlane has released collaborations with artists such as Mattin, Eddie Prévost, Fennesz, Birchville Cat Motel, Pierre Bastien and Lukas Simonis.
References
External links
including discography
Discography of Rosy Parlane at Discogs
[ Discography of Rosy Parlane] at AMG
Rosy Parlane at the Tate Modern
New Zealand electronic musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tiffany (Moulton) Brooks (born June 17, 1979) is an American interior designer and television personality. In 2013, she was crowned the winner of the competition show HGTV Design Star.
Early and personal life
Brooks is the youngest of three children born to Callie Guins and Michael Moulton Sr. in Waukegan, IL. She has two older siblings, Michael Moulton Jr. and Karen Moulton. After graduating from North Chicago Community High School, Brooks studied business management and obtained her real estate brokers license in Illinois. After college she immediately began her career as a multifamily residential property manager and staging model homes. She married her high school boyfriend, Dante Brooks. Since age six, Brooks has battled type 1 diabetes. The disease led to a failed kidney and near-death illness after giving birth in 2003 to their son Ayden. In 2004 she was the recipient of a kidney from her brother and in 2005 a pancreas from a deceased anonymous organ donor. Today her only son battles with the illness, causing her to be an advocate for the JDRF and its causes.
Career
After losing a bet to a co-worker in 2007, Brooks opened You and Your Decor, a Chicago and Milwaukee-based interior design company.
In 2013 she was cast in Design Star, a televised competition to pick a host for a new show on the HGTV cable network. After seven episodes, Brooks won and began hosting The Most Embarrassing Rooms in America, which lasted just four episodes. During the series, Brooks paired up with DIY Network carpenter Jeff Devlin (I Hate My Bath) to make over the homes that were selected by the network as most embarrassing.
Brooks and her work have since appeared in Essence, Uptown, Chicago (Interiors) Luxury, and HGTV Magazines. She makes regular appearances and design demonstrations locally in Chicago for WGN, ABC, and WCIU.
She teamed up with designer David Bromstad on the second season of HGTV's Rock the Block. She is the host of HGTV's $50k Three Ways and the designer/host of HGTV's sweepstakes show, Smart Home,
She made her debut on the 2021 Architectural Digest AD100 list of designers and architects.
Her celebrity design clients include LeBron James.
References
External links
1979 births
American interior designers
Living people
American women interior designers
People from Waukegan, Illinois
21st-century American women
Juicy is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1967 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stewart Mason awarded the album 3½ stars stating "from the lubricious title and cover photo on down, there's a certain 'swingin' at Hef's pad' vibe to the proceedings that makes this album of particular interest to latter-day hipsters. Most of the song selection consists of soul-jazz covers of popular hits of the day... but the real standouts are the small handful of band originals, particularly the fiery groove of the title track".
Track listing
"Knock on Wood" (Steve Cropper, Eddie Floyd) - 2:40
"Mating Call" (Bert Keyes) - 3:03
"Mercy, Mercy, Mercy" (Joe Zawinul) - 2:33
"Felicidad" (Sonny Henry) - 3:17
"La Descarga del Bobo" (Willie Bobo) - 5:38
"Juicy" (Mike Stoller) - 3:26
"Ain't Too Proud to Beg" (Norman Whitfield, Edward Holland, Jr.) - 2:42
"Music to Watch Girls By" (Sid Ramin) - 2:18
"Dreams" (Val Valentín) - 3:24
"Dis-Advantages" (Mitch Leigh) - 2:01
"Roots" (Sonny Henry) - 3:13
"Shing-a-Ling Baby" (Val Valentín, Willie Bobo) - 3:04
"Juicy" [alternate take] (Stoller) - 2:19 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Music to Watch Girls By" [alternate take] (Ramin) - 2:26 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Dis-Advantages" [alternate take] (Leigh) - 2:01 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Shing-a-Ling Baby" [alternate take] (Valentín, Bobo) - 3:36 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded in New York City January 12 (tracks 6, 12, 13 & 16), January 31 (tracks 3, 4, 9 & 11), February 1 (tracks 1, 7, 8, 10, 14 & 15) and February 4 (tracks 2 & 5), 1967
Personnel
Willie Bobo - timbales
Melvin Lastie - cornet
Bobby Brown - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone
Clarence "Sonny" Henry - guitar
Unknown - bass
Unknown - percussion
References
Verve Records albums
Willie Bobo albums
Albums produced by Teddy Reig
1967 albums
Lena is a department or commune of Houet Province in south-western Burkina Faso. Its capital lies in the town of Lena.
Towns and villages
Bona
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Houet Province
Garineh (, also Romanized as Garīneh and Gereyneh; also known as Gazīneh) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,725, in 514 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Zarrin Deh (, also Romanized as Zarrīn Deh; also known as Kesht va Sanʿat Jāvīd) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Stephan Stracke (born 1 April 1974) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2009.
Political career
Stracke first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2009 German federal election, elected with a mandate in Oberallgäu. He is a member of the Committee for Labour and Social Affairs.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government following the 2013 federal elections, Stracke was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on health policy, led by Jens Spahn and Karl Lauterbach.
In April 2021, Stracke succeeded Georg Nüßlein as deputy chair of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group, under the leadership of chairman Ralph Brinkhaus.
Other activities
Deutsche Renten Information (DRI), Member of the Advisory Board
Political positions
In June 2017, Stracke voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1974 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
People from Marktoberdorf
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Shadow Mirror or Shadow-Mirror may refer to:
Shadow Mirror (Novel), a 2010 paperback novel by Richie Tankersley Cusick
Super Robot Wars, an element of the game series
Bianca Hammett (born 12 September 1990) is an Australian synchronized swimmer. Taking up the sport at the age of eight and joining Australia's National Team in 2006, Hammett has represented Australia internationally in synchronised swimming since 2007. Hammett is a dual Olympian, having competed for Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics, held in London, and the 2016 Summer Olympics, held in Rio de Janeiro. Hammett has also competed for Australia at the 2007, 2011, 2013 and 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
Personal
Nicknamed B and Yanks, Hammett was born on 12 September 1990 in Warrnambool. She attended Calamvale State School before going to Calamvale Community College for high school. In 2009, she enrolled at the University of Queensland and as of 2012, was working on a Bachelor of Applied Science. , she lives in Calamvale, Queensland.
Hammett is tall and weighs .
Synchronised swimming
Hammett is a synchronised swimmer, taking up the sport after she read an advertisement for it in a newspaper when she was eight years old. She is a member of the Gold Coast Mermaids. Hammett is currently coached by Lilian Grenier and Marina Kholod.
Hammett joined Australia's elite national synchronised swimming team in 2006, and made her international debut at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in the free combination event. The team was the first ever Australian team to reach the finals of a synchronised swimming event.
At the 2009 National Championships, Hammett finished third in the Open Solo event and, with partner Samantha Reid, second in the Open Duet event. At the 2010 National Championships, she and Reid, finished second in the Open Duet event. At the 2011 National Championships, she and Reid finished third in the Open Technical Duet and Open Free Duet events. In the Team Open Combination event, she came away with gold.
Hammett finished 4th in the team event and 12th in Duet at the 2010 Swiss Open in Arbon, Switzerland. She finished 11th in the team event at the 2010 FINA World Cup in China. She finished 18th in the technical team event at the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. She finished 17th in the team event at the 2011 FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. She finished 9th in the team event at the 2011 German Open in Bonn, Germany. She finished 6th in the team event at the 2011 French Open in Paris, France. The FINA World Championships held in Shanghai, China, served as the 2012 Olympic qualifying event for the team. Her team finished 18th in the technical team portion and 17th in the Free Team event.
Hammett was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronised swimming. Hammett competed in the team event with Eloise Amberger, Jenny-Lyn Anderson, Sarah Bombell, Olga Burtaev, Tamika Domrow, Tarren Otte, Francesca Owen and Samantha Reid, finishing in eighth place overall. The 2012 Games were her first.
In 2013, Hammett was selected to compete at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships held in Barcelona. Competing alongside Olga Burtaev in the duet event, the pair finished 22nd in the technical event and 30th in the free event.
In 2015, Hammett competed with the Australian synchronised swimming team at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships held in Kazan. Hammett competed in both the team events and the duet events alongside Nikita Pablo. The Australian pair finished 28th in the technical duet, and 30th in the free duet. The Australian team finished 20th in the technical team, and 16th in the free team. Hammett was the flag bearer for the Australian aquatics team at the event.
In 2016, Hammett was selected to represent Australia at the 2016 Summer Olympics held in Rio de Janeiro, alongside Hannah Cross, Danielle Kettlewell, Nikita Pablo, Emily Rogers, Cristina Sheehan, Amber-Rose Stackpole, Amie Thompson and Deborah Tsai. The Australian team placed 8th overall in a field of 8 teams.
References
Living people
1990 births
Australian synchronised swimmers
Olympic synchronised swimmers of Australia
Synchronized swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Synchronized swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
The Socotra sunbird (Chalcomitra balfouri) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is endemic to Socotra.
Its natural habitats are tropical dry shrubland, tropical moist shrubland, and tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Socotra sunbird
Endemic birds of Socotra
Socotra sunbird
Socotra sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The common sunbird-asity or sunbird asity (Neodrepanis coruscans) is a species of bird in the family Philepittidae. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
The genus Neodrepanis is characterised by a tiny body with a short tail, a fine, strongly decurved bill and, during the breeding season, strong sexual dichromatism. Males in breeding plumage are brilliant blue and black above and variably bright yellow below, with extraordinary blue and green facial caruncles. Females, males in non-breeding plumage and immatures are dull blue-green above, lack caruncles and are variably yellowish below; some female-plumaged birds (at least for Common Sunbird Asity) have a half-sized caruncle and may be immature males. In winter, males are often seen with traces of breeding plumage coloration.
Male common sunbird-asities are duller than yellow-bellied in almost all respects. The former have brilliant royal blue-fringed back crown, nape, mantle and scapular feathers, and narrow but fairly conspicuous yellow fringes to the secondaries and greater and median wing coverts. Their underparts are dull, deep yellow, with strong olive-brown streaking in the centre of the breast; the flanks, belly and undertail coverts are unstreaked and somewhat brighter. The caruncle is almost square and turquoise-blue, rather greener around the eye. It extends only a short distance in front of the eye, and is not connected to the area of blue (basally) and green (distally) bare skin that overlies the basal quarter of the bill.
References
common sunbird-asity
common sunbird-asity
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ringelai is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Don Carlos Smith (March 25, 1816 – August 7, 1841) was the youngest brother of Joseph Smith and a leader, missionary, and periodical editor in the early days of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Smith was born in Norwich, Vermont, on March 25, 1816, the seventh son of Joseph Smith Sr. and Lucy Mack Smith. As an adolescent, Smith was an early convert to the Church of Christ that was established by his brother Joseph in 1830. Don Carlos was baptized on June 9 of that year in Seneca Lake.
Smith was the first editor of the Nauvoo, Illinois-based Latter Day Saint newspaper Times and Seasons, beginning in June of 1839 after he and his colleague, Ebenezer Robinson, were commissioned by a council of leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints to publish. He edited a total of 31 editions of the Times and Seasons from 1839 to 1841. As a printer and editor, Smith was involved in the printing of the 1835 edition of the Doctrine and Covenants, several editions of the Book of Mormon, and also served as the publisher and editor for the short-lived periodical Elders' Journal. Smith also participated in printing the monthly editions of the Messenger and Advocate newspaper. He was also active as an early missionary of the Latter Day Saint church. At the age of fourteen, Smith was the youngest missionary for the church, serving with his father, Joseph Smith Sr., in the Eastern States mission from August through September 1830. When he was nineteen, he served again in the Eastern States mission (in the year 1836). Smith served his last mission at age 22 in the Southern States mission, from September 26, 1838, until December 25, 1838. Smith participated in the ceremony of the laying of the cornerstones of the Kirtland Temple, and he was a member of the temple's construction crew. He married Agnes Moulton Coolbrith on July 30, 1835, with whom he had three daughters.
On January 15, 1836, Smith was selected as the first president of the high priests quorum of the church, a position that is today referred to as a stake president. He represented the high priests of the church when the cornerstones were laid to the Nauvoo Temple in early 1841. Smith also served on the Nauvoo City Council. He was brigadier general of the Nauvoo Legion and a regent at the University of Nauvoo.
Smith died in Nauvoo, Illinois, on August 7, 1841 of pneumonia. He was buried at the Smith Family Cemetery."Don Carlos Smith", findagrave.com. He was survived by his wife Agnes Moulton Coolbrith, who later became a plural wife of Joseph Smith. Don Carlos Smith was the father of Ina Coolbrith, who became the first poet laureate of California.
See also
Robert B. Thompson
Notes
External links
Roger D. Launius, Don Carlos Smith: Brother of the Prophet
1816 births
1841 deaths
American Latter Day Saint leaders
American Latter Day Saint missionaries
Burials at the Smith Family Cemetery
Converts to Mormonism
Deaths from pneumonia in Illinois
Doctrine and Covenants people
Editors of Latter Day Saint publications
Latter Day Saint missionaries in the United States
Leaders in the Church of Christ (Latter Day Saints)
People from Norwich, Vermont
People from Ontario County, New York
Religious leaders from New York (state)
Religious leaders from Vermont
Smith family (Latter Day Saints)
Harold B. Lee Library-related 19th century articles
Where the Light Shines Through is the tenth studio album by American rock band Switchfoot, released on July 8, 2016. The album was recorded in the band's recording studio Spot X in their hometown San Diego, and produced by Switchfoot and John Fields, with whom the band has worked on their breakthrough album The Beautiful Letdown (2003) and its follow-ups, Nothing Is Sound (2005) and Oh! Gravity. (2006).
It is Switchfoot's first and only album to be released through Vanguard Records.
Promotion
On March 10, 2016, Switchfoot released a behind-the-scenes video showing the band working on their tenth studio album.
Album title and release date were officially announced on May 12, 2016.
Later the same day, the band released a trailer for the album, and a music video for an acoustic version of "Live It Well" onto YouTube. "Float" was released to radio on May 18, 2016. An official music video for "Float", filmed in Manila, was released at 6:00a.m. Pacific Time on May 25, 2016. The band premiered the title track "Where the Light Shines Through" on June 3, 2016, at the Del Mar Fair in San Diego, CA. Six days later, they released the official studio recording of the same track on iTunes.
Track listing
Personnel
Switchfoot
Jon Foreman – lead vocals, guitar
Tim Foreman – bass guitar, background vocals
Chad Butler – drums, percussion
Jerome Fontamillas – keyboards, guitar
Drew Shirley – guitar
Technical
Switchfoot – production
John Fields – production
Lenny Skolnik − additional production
Joseph Barba − additional production
Tanner Sparks – engineering, mixing
Paul David Hager – mixing
Additional musicians
Lecrae – vocals
Eric Owyoung − strings
Keith Tutt II − cello section
John Painter − horns
Boaz Roberts − guitar
Robert Randolph − pedal steel
Sam Dark – oboe
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2016 albums
Switchfoot albums
Albums produced by John Fields (record producer)
Albums produced by Switchfoot
Vanguard Records albums
A Confusion of Princes is a young adult novel written as a standalone space opera by author Garth Nix. The book was published on May 15, 2012, by HarperCollins.
The novel takes place in an intergalactic empire, run by an aristocracy of highly trained and telepathic individuals called princes. These princes are screened by the empire and taken away from their families at a young age, then trained in isolation until they reach adulthood. Each prince is supported by a staff of priests, who can telepathically communicate with the princes.
Plot summary
The story introduces Khemri, a Prince, as he finishes his training and reaches adulthood. Khmeri believes he is destined for a life of luxury and freedom, however, within moments of leaving his home, he barely manages to survive several assassination attempts with the help of his first priest, called the Master of Assassins. The Master of Assassins tells him that he is in grave danger because princes are vulnerable to true death before they are able to link in to the Imperial Mind. The Imperial Mind is the supreme commander of the Empire, but it cannot see its subjects unless they link with it. Khemri and the Master of Assassins then set out for the nearest conduit to the Imperial Mind to make Khemri less vulnerable. The nearest conduit is on Kwanantil 9, a planet that is used as a training base by the Imperial Navy. The prince is upset that in order to access the Conduit, he must first enlist in the Imperial Navy and tie himself down.
Upon arriving, Prince Khemri enlists in the Imperial Navy. The Priest receiving him oversees his access to the Mind, then tells him that he has been chosen by the Imperial Mind for a special task. Meanwhile, he refuses an offer from the Commandant of the base to join House Jerrazis, a middle tier House, or guild. As most of the cadets and officers at the academy are members, he becomes a target for pranks and demerits making his life there an effective hell. Just as Khemri is prepared to beg the Commandant for another chance to join the House, the academy are attacked by a small Sad-Eye raiding party.
The academy as a whole is caught unawares; but Khemri is doing extra drills as punishment for his demerits with Mekbi Troopers - the principal and pseudo-autonomous ground forces of the Empire. Though he and all his Mekbi troops are killed, they successfully repel the Sad-Eye incursion, earning him several medals. The Commandant, who hates him, becomes mentally unstable after this and attempts to kill Khemri for resembling one of the academy's best cadets, Atalin. Khemri survives and manages to kill the Commandant; the Imperial Mind meanwhile hushes this up, and reports that the Commandant was killed in action against the Sad-Eyes. Despite this, it becomes clear to House Jerrazis that Khemri killed him; as a result, when his first year at the academy is over and he is eligible for duels, the Imperial Mind immediately transfers him to a supply station far away from the Empire. Though initially dreading the job, Khemri finds that the 'supply station' is in fact just a cover for the Adjustment service, the secret service of the Empire. He is then given a choice; either he can go through the test to become an Adjuster, or he can remain at the supply station, in which case he will be immediately assassinated by House Jerrazis. He chooses the test, and is given 4 months of training in 4 different artificial environments- but in a body that doesn't possess his augmented features.
Though initially his Princely arrogance causes him to be hunted down in several of the environments, he passes the training and moves on to the real test; he is sent out to a far away system, on Fringe space, with few weapons and no powers. If he can find a temple and access the Imperial mind, he will have passed the test. Upon arriving there, however, he finds a dead ship, destroyed by an Imperial 'Null Wave', that destroys all Bitek and life. The ship is a missile launcher, and the missile has not been damaged; however, only one crew member is left alive, a stowaway called Raine, from the system Kharalcha, who is a member of the Kharalcha Space Forces, or KSF. she says that an Imperial ship, led by a Prince (later revealed to be Atalin, working for House Jerrazis) attacked the peaceful KSF, just as they had 9 years ago. The previous time, a group of Pirates followed soon after, nearly destroying Kharalcha; this time, they are sure to do so again. However, if the missile can be launched, it can close the wormhole, preventing the Pirates from coming, before help arrives. Raine and Khemri do so, escaping on his escape pod, though it is damaged, and they are forced to sedate themselves so that the oxygen they consume will be lowered. Khemri then awakes in Kharalcha, on an artificial space station. There, Raine and Khemri become romantically involved; however, soon after, the pirates arrive, help to have come too late. Khemri is then forced to pilot an obsolete imperial ship to fight off the navy. He succeeds, but then dies, just as the Imperial mind re-establishes contact with him.
Upon waking up, he finds he is in the Imperial Core, having received a medal for fighting off the Pirates, and has been nominated to take part in the competition for the Imperial throne. At the same time, Atalin gets a medal for destroying the KSF fleet. Kharalcha, meanwhile, has been placed under the protection of the Imperial Mind. After an argument, the two get into a duel, which Khemri wins, though he refrains from killing her because he discovers that she is his sister, and they are both 2 of the 5 possible candidates for the Imperial throne; the other 995 are just selected out of tradition. The 1000 Imperial candidates are then put through two tests; one of them tests their Psitek ability; all but the chosen 5 are killed here. Atalin and Khemri then kill the remainder of the chosen 5. Rather than become Emperor, though, Khemri fatally injures Atalin, them kills himself, ensuring that she will become Emperor, on the condition that he is allowed to return to Kharalcha to be back with Raine; Atalin accedes to this request. The book then ends with Khemri being picked up by Raine.
Setting
The setting is in the distant future (it is not explicitly stated). The majority of the galaxy (presumably, though not explicitly stated, the Milky Way) is under the control of the Empire; however, there are at least three other political entities stated; The Naknuk rebels, the Sad-Eyes, and the Deaders. Each of these, though, is reported to be inferior militarily to the Empire.
There are three 'teks', or technologies types used by the Empire; Bitek, which deals with biological weaponry and technology; Psitek, which deals with the mental equivalent of the former; and Mektek, which deals with the Mechanical equivalent of the former two. These are used as a 'Trinity' by the empire to defeat their enemies; the Sad-Eyes (which control beings mentally; they are called Sad- Eyes because the only part of the body they cannot control are the tear ducts), though stronger in Psi-tek, have limited Bitek and Mektek, and are defeated thus; the Naknuk rebels, former Imperial Princes (presumably of House Naknuk) focused entirely on Bitek, shunning the other two, as a result they are defeated; the Deaders, meanwhile, never allow themselves to be captured, if they are defeated, they self destruct – at the same time, they never take prisoners.
The Empire is ruled by an Emperor who abdicates after twenty years. Until then, they rule over the Imperial Mind, which is actually the minds of the former Emperors, subsumed into the Mind till they are effectively one with it. The Emperor must be replaced every twenty years because after that, the Emperor is no longer able to keep from being subsumed.
The Empire is partially commanded by some 10 million Princes. They are taken at a young age, before they remember anything about their parents, selected by the ability to go through the process of becoming a Prince. After this, they spend most of the next ten years having Bitek, Psitek, and Mektek additions (though there is always some innate Psitek), until they finally end up spending the time until age 18 learning of the duties of the Prince and the Empire. Every 20 years, 1000 of these are selected to become Imperial Candidates – one becomes Emperor, while the rest are killed.
Houses are groups of Princes – ranging in size from a few dozen to tens of thousands – who function, effectively, as a support system for one another. The Naknuk Rebels were an Imperial House who split off to form their own Empire.
The Priesthoods
In the Empire are 16 'priesthoods' of the Emperor, each concerned with a particular 'aspect', or service.
The priests are the servants of the Imperial Mind (Which in turn is subservient to the Emperor).
Princes do not consider the Emperor a God, and nor do his priests.
Priests are either assigned to Princes or to temples; at temples, new priests (of that particular aspect) are trained.
The Aspects are
Inquiring Intelligence:
Weighty Decision Maker: Specialists in genetic testing for choosing Prince Candidates
Emperor's Loving Heart:
Shadowed Blade: Perform as assassins for Princes.
Mending Hand:
Noble Warrior:
Cold Calculator: Specialists in calculating probability of events
Emperor's Discerning Hand: Handle sensitive matters for the emperor. Decide whether Princes should be reborn.
Inward Traveller: Specialists in Psitek, especially the 'witnessing' of events by the Imperial mind; they are the connection between the Imperial mind and the Princes.
Kindly Gardener: Specialists in Bitek, includes medics and botanists.
Rigorous Engineer: Specialists in Mektek, including small devices and weapons
Companion of Life:
Instructive Father:
Joyful Companion:
Wrathful Foe:
Stern Adjudicator: Regulates the disputes between Princes, especially relating to duels.
The Imperial Services
The Princes serve the Emperor in 7 different 'aspects'
Imperial Survey: Finds wormholes, the primary method of FTL travel, suspected to have been set up by an ancient race.
Navy: The space-borne branch of the military.
Marines: The planet-based branch of the military; Mekbi troopers are under this command.
Diplomatic Corps: Aids in diplomacy.
Colonial Government: Aids in the Governance of the colonies.
Imperial Government: Aids in the Governance of the Empire.
Adjustment: Secret service of the Empire; the espionage service.
Other media
The online computer game Imperial Galaxy is based on the book's universe, but was released before the book.
References
External links
Nix's Personal site
Bibliography at SciFan
BookBanter interviews Garth Nix
2012 Australian novels
2012 fantasy novels
2012 science fiction novels
Australian fantasy novels
Children's fantasy novels
Children's science fiction novels
Australian science fiction novels
Australian children's novels
Space opera novels
Novels by Garth Nix
HarperCollins books
2012 children's books
Allen & Unwin books
Paracobitis basharensis is a species of stone loach Found in the Bashar River, Karoun drainage in Iran. This species reaches a length of .
References
basharensis
Fish of Asia
Fish of Iran
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Taxa named by Hamid Reza Esmaeili
Taxa named by Golnaz Sayyadzadeh
Taxa named by Matthias F. Geiger
Fish described in 2014
Back in Your Arms is an album by French singer Amanda Lear, released in 1998 by Dig It Int'l, consisting mostly of re-recordings of her greatest hits from the 1970s. Originally released on the Italian market, the album was subsequently re-launched in Germany by BMG-Ariola as Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms with a revised track listing.
Background
In 1998, Lear decided to re-record nine of her best known songs from the disco era for the new album: "Blood and Honey", "Queen of Chinatown", "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'" and "Tomorrow", all originally from 1977 debut album I Am a Photograph, "Follow Me" and "Enigma (Give a Bit of Mmh to Me)" from 1978 Sweet Revenge, "Fashion Pack" and "The Sphinx" from 1979 Never Trust a Pretty Face, and "Fabulous (Lover, Love Me)" from 1980 Diamonds for Breakfast. The new versions were produced by Michael Gordon, who previously had worked with Lear on her latest studio album at the time, Alter Ego. Four songs from that album were included on Back in Your Arms: the remixes of "Muscle Man" and "Angel Love", as well as shortened studio versions of "I'll Miss You" and "This Man (Dali's Song)", although the latter was misleadingly billed as a "remix". The album also contains a previously unreleased cover version of Louis Prima's swing classic "Just a Gigolo".
The album was issued by minor label Dig It Int'l in May 1998 only on the Italian market where it met with limited commercial success. It was then set to be released throughout Europe in September under the name Number 10, but in October, German label BMG-Ariola instead re-released it under the title Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms. Since the company held the rights to Lear's early back catalogue, they replaced most of the Italian re-interpretations with original recordings from the disco era and added tracks not included on its Italian predecessor, like the new remix of the original version of "Blood and Honey" and Ian Levine's 1989 remix of "Gold". Throughout October and November 1998, the album was released in other European countries.
Two singles from Back in Your Arms were released, both as 12" vinyls only on the Italian market. The double A-side with new recordings of "Follow Me" and "Tomorrow" was released at the end of 1998. The 12" maxi-single containing four mixes of the re-recorded "Queen of Chinatown" followed in the summer of 1999. To promote Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms, BMG-Ariola Germany released the CD single "Blood and Honey (New Remix '98)" at the end of August 1998 in Germany and the rest of Continental Europe. Later that year, "I'll Miss You" was released as a promotional CD single.
The publishing rights of the nine Dig It Int'l re-recordings were later acquired by German company Siebenpunkt Verlags GmbH, a subsidiary of ZYX Music/Mint Records. The manufacturing rights have then in turn been licensed to a large number of mid-price European labels, such as Arcade Records, Brioche Edizioni Musicali, Falcon Neuen Medien, LaserLight Digital, Jaba Music, Edel Music and many others. The rights to these recordings have also on two occasions been bought by subsidiaries to the so-called "Big Four record labels": Carosello (a sublabel of Universal Music Group, Italy) for I'm a Mystery – The Whole Story, and Puzzle Productions (Sony BMG, France) for Follow Me (1999).
Consequently, these tracks haven been re-packaged and re-released on the European market, usually coupled with recordings dating from the eighties and the nineties, as being Lear's "greatest hits" – a truth with modification. The 1998 versions are also regularly featured on various artists compilations, again usually released by minor European record labels. While these nine songs indeed are some of Lear's greatest hits, the versions contained on these compilations are not the original recordings made in Munich in the seventies with producer Anthony Monn, but those from Back in Your Arms, recorded some twenty years later, a fact that these companies usually fail to mention in their sleeve notes. The original Ariola versions are as a rule only available on albums and compilations issued or licensed by Sony BMG Germany.
Lear has in several interviews made it clear that she has no control of all these compilations being issued. The only career retrospectives to have been both approved of and promoted by Lear are Forever Glam!, released when she was celebrating her thirtieth anniversary in music business, Sings Evergreens to which she contributed liner notes, and the three disc set of Ariola recordings, The Sphinx – Das Beste aus den Jahren 1976–1983.
Track listing
Original edition: Back in Your Arms
Re-release: Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms
Personnel
Amanda Lear — lead vocals
Walter Bassani — record producer (track 15)
Mara Biella — backing vocals
Jane Bogart — backing vocals
Robert Bohlen — mixing
Piero Cella — guitar
Ulli Essmann — backing vocals
Michael Gordon — record producer, mixing
Charles Hörnemann — guitar
Sandrina Löscher — backing vocals
Maria Martinengo — backing vocals
NI4NI — backing vocals
Klaus Roeschlisberger — photography
Release history
References
External links
Back in Your Arms at Discogs
Back in Your Arms at Rate Your Music
Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms at Discogs
Amanda '98 – Follow Me Back in My Arms at Rate Your Music
1998 albums
Amanda Lear albums
Enid Anne Campbell MacRobbie, FRS (born 1931, Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish plant scientist, and Emeritus Professor of Plant Biophysics at the University of Cambridge. Her specialty is biophysics, with particular interests in ion fluxes and stomata.
She was appointed "to a Personal Professorship in 1987, the first woman scientist in Cambridge to be awarded a Personal Chair." She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London in 1991 and of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1998. She is also a Foreign Member of the National Academy of Sciences and a Corresponding Member of the American Society of Plant Biologists. Roger Spanswick was a member of her laboratory.
Selected works
MacRobbie, E.A.C. (2000) "ABA activates multiple Ca2+ fluxes in stomatal guard cells, triggering vacuolar K+ (Rb+) release." Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 97: 12361-12368.
MacRobbie, E.A.C. (2002) "Evidence for a role for protein tyrosine phosphatase in the control of ion release from the guard cell vacuole in stomatal closure." Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 99: 11563-11568.
References
External links
Google Scholar
1931 births
Living people
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Scottish biologists
Scottish biophysicists
Fellows of Girton College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Agonomalus proboscidalis is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Achille Valenciennes in 1858, originally under the genus Aspidophorus (now Agonus). It is a marine, polar water-dwelling fish which is known from the northwestern Pacific Ocean, including northern Japan, the Sea of Japan, and the Sea of Okhotsk. It is known to dwell at a depth range of . Males can reach a maximum total length of .
A. proboscidalis is a commercial aquarium fish.
References
Agonidae
Taxa named by Achille Valenciennes
Fish described in 1858
Slovenian Air Force and Air Defence is a part of the Slovenian Armed Forces. It is an integral part of the command structure, not an independent branch.
Duties
Slovenian Air Force and Air Defence aim is securing the sovereignty of the airspace of the Republic of Slovenia and providing air support to other services in the implementation of their tasks in joint operations. Its main tasks are:
Inspection and control of the airspace security
Providing help in natural, humanitarian, and technological disasters
Search and rescue operations
Taking part in international missions and operations
Since Slovenia does not have the air capabilities to police its airspace in accordance with NATO standards, nor does it plan to develop such capabilities, these tasks are performed alternately by the Italian and Hungarian Air Forces under NATO command.
History
Slovenian contact with military aviation began during World War I, when the army and navy air services of Austria-Hungary conscripted large numbers of personnel from throughout the Empire. As the Empire began to collapse during 1918, Slovenian aircrew and ground crew switched their allegiance to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. Aircraft found on Slovenian territory were taken over by the Slovenian authorities and formed into a fledgling air arm. The new air arm was soon involved in the conflict with Austria over the border provinces of Carinthia and south Styria. Later in 1919, the Slovenian air units were absorbed into the Royal Yugoslav Air Force.
In 1968 a reserve volunteer force, the Teritorialna Obramba (Territorial Defence of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia), was established to defend local key locations in time of crisis. The Slovenian Territorial Defence HQ had a small auxiliary aviation unit stationed at Ljubljana-Polje airfield by 1969, when Government Factories Type 522 advanced trainers were being operated. These aircraft were borrowed from the Yugoslav Air Force and not owned by Slovenia. Slovenian Territorial Defence ceased to be a part of the Yugoslavian auxiliary forces on 21 June 1991, (four days prior of the proclamation of independence), when the Yugoslav army seized 12 Soko J-20 Kraguj aircraft from them.
On 28 June 1991 a Yugoslav Air Force Gazelle defected to Slovenia, providing the first helicopter for the Territorial Defence Force. During the war it also was equipped with three ex-Police Bell 412s and an Agusta A-109A. On 9 June 1992 the Air Force Unit of the Slovenian Army was renamed into 15 Brigada Vojaskega Letalstva. The 15 Brigada was divided into two squadrons, one fixed-wing and one helicopter squadron, flying from two bases, Brnik airport and Cerklje ob Krki. The 15 Brigada was under control of the 1 Air Force and Air Defence Force Command located at Kranj. In 2004 Slovenia entered NATO. Now NATO is responsible for protecting Slovenian airspace. On 8 November 2004 the 15 Brigada was officially disbanded. In its place three new units were formed.
The 15 Air Force Brigade was restructured into the 15 Helicopter Battalion, the Air Force School, and the Air Force Base. The 15 Helicopter Battalion is located at the Brnik air base. The unit is equipped with eight Bell 412 helicopters and four AS-532 Cougar helicopters. The units duties are to organise training courses for pilots and technical staff, to organise search and rescue missions and operate within the System of Civil Protection, Help and Rescue, to secure cargo transportation to mountain areas, to extinguish fires, and to provide air support for SAF units.
The Air Force Military School is located at the Cerklje ob Krki air base. The school conducts the basic and advance training programmes for future air force pilots in two Zlin 142L and eight Zlin 242L planes and four Bell 206 Jet Ranger helicopters, organises practices for air force pilots, provides fire support, and carries out various tasks for other branches of the armed forces by using the two PC-9 and nine PC-9M planes. A part of the Air Force Military School is also the parachute squad, located at the Brnik air base, which organises basic and advanced parachute training for SAF members.
The Air Force Base, located at the Cerklje ob Krki air base, carries out logistic support, such as fuel supply. The unit is equipped with two PC-6 planes and one L-410 plane. The Air Force Base unites the air supply squad and the technical support unit whose main tasks are to plan and conduct the second stage of aircraft maintenance, carry out technical personnel training, update aircraft documentation, etc. Another restructuring took place in 2007 when the Air Force School and the 15 Helicopter Battalion were made into a single command making logistics easier, and reduce staff. Following the decision to operate jet aircraft from 2015 again, major restructuring will take place at Cerklje.
Due to reorganization of the Slovenian Armed Forces, the Air Defense and Aviation Brigade will be reconstructed to the 15th Wing (Military Aviation Regiment). The Wing will consist of 151st Rotary Wing Squadron, 152nd Fixed Wing Squadron, 153rd Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, 16th Airspace Control and Surveillance Centre, 107th Air Base and Flight School. Air Defense elements will be moved to Ground Forces.
Aircraft
Current inventory
Note: Three C-17 Globemaster III's are available through the Heavy Airlift Wing based in Hungary.
Retired
Previous aircraft operated were an Agusta-Bell 212, Agusta A.109, Aérospatiale Gazelle, and a UTVA 75 trainer.
Acquisition of new aircraft
The Slovenian Ministry of Defense tested the EADS CASA C-295 and the C-27J Spartan in Cerklje AFB in 2007. Two Casa C-295 were chosen, with the first one to be delivered in 2008 and the second in 2010. The first aircraft was ordered in January 2008, but in February the aircraft order was frozen because of the Mirosławiec air accident in Poland.
In 2021, the Slovenian Ministry of Defense ordered at least one C-27J Spartan. The estimated delivery date is set to be in 2023.
Incidents and accidents
In 1993 a UTVA-75 crashed in Slovenj Gradec airport.
In 1994 a Let L-410 Turbolet hit HT wires on landing in Brnik. It was later repaired.
In 1994 a Aérospatiale Gazelle crashed among the trees in Kočevska Reka with 4 members who were slightly injured.
In 2004 a Pilatus PC-9 crashed in Lenart, resulting in the death of Major Drago Svetina.
In 2008 a Pilatus PC-9 with a pilot candidate ejected, the plane was not damaged and returned safely with the other pilot to Cerklje ob Krki Airbase.
In 2019 a Pilatus PC-9 hit electrical wire while flying under power line close to Bukovje. The plane landed safely at Maribor Edvard Rusjan Airport.
In 2019 a Eurocopter AS532 Cougar hit the branch with the tip of the rotor arm, the tip of the rotor was damaged. Event happened above the valley of Vrata.
Ranks
References
Air forces by country
Brigades of Slovenia
Military units and formations established in 1992
Aviation in Slovenia
House at 332 Franklin Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built in 1888 and is a large two story clapboard and shingled house with a hipped roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a shed roofed wraparound porch on square posts and four tapered chimneys.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1888
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Cuthbert Musoko (born 13 May 1994) is a Zimbabwean first-class cricketer. He was part of Zimbabwe's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In December 2020, he was selected to play for the Eagles in the 2020–21 Logan Cup.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Sportspeople from Harare
Events from the year 1607 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: James I
Events
September 14 – Flight of the Earls: Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone and Rory O'Donnell, 1st Earl of Tyrconnell flee to Spain to avoid capture by the English crown.
Plantation of Ulster, following the Flight of the Earls.
The Kingdom of East Breifne is disestablished and settled by English and Scottish colonists.
Sir Randall MacDonnell settles 300 Presbyterian Scots families on his land in Antrim.
Enniskillen Castle is taken by the English.
Lifford comes into the possession of Sir Richard Hansard.
Construction of James's Fort, protecting Kinsale harbour, is completed to the design of Paul Ive.
Construction of Prince Rupert's Tower, protecting Cork Harbour, is completed about this date.
Births
March 20 – Lady Alice Boyle, later Alice Barry, Countess of Barrymore (d. 1667)
Geoffrey Baron, scholar, lawyer and rebel (d. 1651)
Approximate date – Sir George Hamilton, 1st Baronet, of Donalong (d. 1679)
Deaths
Richard Netterville, lawyer and politician (b. c. 1540)
Nicholas St Lawrence, 9th Baron Howth (b. c. 1550)
References
1600s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Malcolm Barbour is an American former television producer and the co-creator and former executive producer of the television program Cops (alongside John Langley). Prior to Cops, Barbour worked with Langley on Who Murdered JFK, Cocaine Blues and American Vice: The Doping of a Nation. He stopped being a producer in 1994.
In 2003, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to him.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American television producers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2021–22 DFB-Pokal was the 79th season of the annual German football cup competition. Sixty-four teams participated in the competition, including all teams from the previous year's Bundesliga and 2. Bundesliga. The competition began on 6 August 2021 with the first of six rounds and ended on 21 May 2022 with the final at the Olympiastadion in Berlin, a nominally neutral venue, which has hosted the final since 1985. The DFB-Pokal is considered the second-most important club title in German football after the Bundesliga championship. The DFB-Pokal is run by the German Football Association (DFB).
Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund were the defending champions, having defeated RB Leipzig 4–1 in the previous final to clinch their fifth title, but lost to FC St. Pauli in the round of 16. Leipzig won this year's edition with a win over SC Freiburg.
As Leipzig already qualified for the 2022–23 edition of the UEFA Champions League through their position in the Bundesliga, the UEFA Europa League group stage spot reserved for the cup winners went to the sixth-placed team, and the league's UEFA Europa Conference League play-off round spot to the seventh-placed team. As winners, Leipzig hosted the 2022 edition of the DFL-Supercup at the start of the next season, and faced the champion of the 2021–22 Bundesliga, Bayern Munich.
Participating clubs
The following teams qualified for the competition:
Format
Participation
The DFB-Pokal begins with a round of 64 teams. The 36 teams of the Bundesliga and 2. Bundesliga, along with the top 4 finishers of the 3. Liga are automatically qualified for the tournament. Of the remaining slots, 21 are given to the cup winners of the regional football associations, the Verbandspokal. The 3 remaining slots are given to the three regional associations with the most men's teams, which currently is Bavaria, Lower Saxony, and Westphalia. The best-placed amateur team of the Regionalliga Bayern is given the spot for Bavaria. For Lower Saxony, the Lower Saxony Cup is split into two paths: one for 3. Liga and Regionalliga Nord teams, and the other for amateur teams. The winners of each path qualify. For Westphalia, the best-placed team of the Regionalliga West also qualifies. As every team is entitled to participate in local tournaments which qualify for the association cups, every team can in principle compete in the DFB-Pokal. Reserve teams and combined football sections are not permitted to enter, along with no two teams of the same association or corporation.
Draw
The draws for the different rounds are conducted as following:
For the first round, the participating teams will be split into two pots of 32 teams each. The first pot contains all teams which have qualified through their regional cup competitions, the best four teams of the 3. Liga, and the bottom four teams of the 2. Bundesliga. Every team from this pot will be drawn to a team from the second pot, which contains all remaining professional teams (all the teams of the Bundesliga and the remaining fourteen 2. Bundesliga teams). The teams from the first pot will be set as the home team in the process.
The two-pot scenario will also be applied for the second round, with the remaining 3. Liga and/or amateur team(s) in the first pot and the remaining Bundesliga and 2. Bundesliga teams in the other pot. Once again, the 3. Liga and/or amateur team(s) will serve as hosts. This time the pots do not have to be of equal size though, depending on the results of the first round. Theoretically, it is even possible that there may be only one pot, if all of the teams from one of the pots from the first round beat all the others in the second pot. Once one pot is empty, the remaining pairings will be drawn from the other pot with the first-drawn team for a match serving as hosts.
For the remaining rounds, the draw will be conducted from just one pot. Any remaining 3. Liga and/or amateur team(s) will be the home team if drawn against a professional team. In every other case, the first-drawn team will serve as hosts.
Match rules
Teams meet in one game per round. Matches take place for 90 minutes, with two halves of 45 minutes. If still tied after regulation, 30 minutes of extra time will be played, consisting of two periods of 15 minutes. If the score is still level after this, the match will be decided by a penalty shoot-out. A coin toss will decide who takes the first penalty. A maximum of nine players can be listed on the substitute bench, while a maximum of five substitutions are allowed. However, each team is only given three opportunities to make substitutions, with a fourth opportunity in extra time, excluding substitutions made at half-time, before the start of extra time and at half-time in extra time. From the quarter-finals onward, a video assistant referee will be appointed for all DFB-Pokal matches. Though technically possible, VAR will not be used for home matches of Bundesliga clubs prior to the quarter-finals in order to provide a uniform approach to all matches.
Suspensions
If a player receives five yellow cards in the competition, he will then be suspended from the next cup match. Similarly, receiving a second yellow card suspends a player from the next cup match. If a player receives a direct red card, they will be suspended a minimum of one match, but the German Football Association reserves the right to increase the suspension.
Champion qualification
The winner of the DFB-Pokal earns automatic qualification for the group stage of next year's edition of the UEFA Europa League. If they have already qualified for the UEFA Champions League through position in the Bundesliga, then the spot will go to the team in sixth, and the league's second qualifying round spot will go to the team in seventh. The winner also will host the DFL-Supercup at the start of the next season, and will face the champion of the previous year's Bundesliga, unless the same team wins the Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal, completing a double. In that case, the runner-up of the Bundesliga will take the spot and host instead.
Schedule
All draws were generally held at the German Football Museum in Dortmund, on a Sunday evening at 18:00 after each round (unless noted otherwise). The draws were televised on ARD's Sportschau, broadcast on Das Erste. From the quarter-finals onwards, the draw for the DFB-Pokal Frauen also took place at the same time.
The rounds of the 2021–22 competition were scheduled as follows:
Matches
A total of sixty-three matches will take place, starting with the first round on 6 August 2021 and culminating with the final on 21 May 2022 at the Olympiastadion in Berlin.
Times up to 30 October 2021 and from 27 March 2022 are CEST (UTC+2). Times from 31 October 2021 to 26 March 2022 are CET (UTC+1).
First round
The draw for the first round was held on 4 July 2021 at 18:30, with Thomas Broich drawing the matches. The thirty-two matches will take place from 6 to 25 August 2021.
Second round
The draw for the second round was held on 29 August 2021 at 18:30, with Ronald Rauhe drawing the matches. The sixteen matches took place from 26 to 27 October 2021.
Round of 16
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 31 October 2021 at 18:30. The matches were drawn by Peter Zimmermann, the chairman of SG Ahrtal, one of the football clubs affected by the 2021 floods in Germany. The eight matches took place from 18 to 19 January 2022.
Quarter-finals
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 30 January 2022 at 19:15. Felix Neureuther was scheduled to draw the matches, but had to cancel; the draw was then performed by Norbert Dickel. The four matches will take place from 1 to 2 March 2022.
Semi-finals
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 6 March 2022, with Laura Nolte drawing the matches. The two matches will take place from 19 to 20 April 2022.
Final
The final took place on 21 May 2022 at the Olympiastadion in Berlin.
Top goalscorers
The following are the top scorers of the DFB-Pokal, sorted first by number of goals, and then alphabetically if necessary. Goals scored in penalty shoot-outs are not included.
Notes
References
External links
DFB-Pokal on kicker.de
2021-22
2021–22 in German football cups
2021–22 European domestic association football cups
Albert Chavannes (February 23, 1836 – May 3, 1903) was a Swiss-born American author, philosopher, and sociologist, active primarily in the late 19th century. He is best known for his two utopian novels, The Future Commonwealth and In Brighter Climes, which discuss a fictional futuristic society, "Socioland," where the economy is governed by socialist ideals rather than capitalism, and where morality is based on social scientific experimentation, rather than traditional religion. Chavannes was also one of the earliest social theorists to extensively discuss exchange theory, and his ideas on "magnetism" (magnetation) influenced writers such as J. William Lloyd and Ida C. Craddock.
Life
Chavannes was born in Lausanne, Switzerland, one of six children of the Reverend Adrian Chavannes and his wife, Anna Francillon. In 1848, the Chavanneses migrated to East Tennessee, which had been advertised as having ample farmland and a climate similar to that of Switzerland. The family initially settled in Wartburg, Tennessee, atop the Cumberland Plateau, but finding the land unsuitable for farming, soon afterward moved to northern Knox County. By 1855, the Chavanneses had been joined by several other French-speaking Swiss families, comprising one of the county's largest immigrant groups.
Albert Chavannes married fellow French Swiss immigrant Cecile Bolli in 1857, and the two settled down to a life of dairy farming. One of Chavannes' earliest writings was an article entitled, "How Manure Is Made in Switzerland," published in the agricultural journal, The Cultivator, in 1858. This article was inspired by a trip Chavannes had made to his home country the previous year.
During the Civil War, Chavannes supported the Confederacy. He was part of the citizens-guard that defended Knoxville from a raid by Union general William P. Sanders in June 1863, and later provided an account of this raid in his book, East Tennessee Sketches. In 1864, following the occupation of Knoxville by Union forces, Chavannes moved to Berkshire, New York, where he opened a woodworking shop. His experiences in New York would later inspire his novel, Lizzie Melton, A Self-Reliant Girl. In 1870, he moved back to Knox County, where he established a new dairy farm in the Adair Creek area north of Knoxville.
Around the age of 40, Chavannes began questioning the religious traditions with which he was raised, his chief inspiration being the Theory of Evolution. Between 1883 and 1885, Chavannes published a journal, The Sociologist. In the late 1880s, Chavannes began to theorize on emotional and sexual exchanges between humans, which he called "magnetism" (J. William Lloyd, with whom Chavannes had been corresponding, later wrote that he had suggested the term "magnetation" to Chavannes). In 1888, Chavannes published his theories on magnetism in his book, Vital Force and Magnetic Exchange.
By the 1890s, Chavannes was exchanging ideas with socialists Lester Frank Ward and Edward Bellamy. In 1892, Chavannes published his first Socioland novel, The Future Commonwealth. That year, Chavannes ran for the state legislature on the Populist ticket, but lost badly. His wife, Cecile, wrote an account of their canvassing trip across rural East Tennessee that was included in their book, East Tennessee Sketches.
Chavannes wrote a non-fiction follow-up to The Future Commonwealth in 1893 entitled, The Concentration of Wealth, and published his second Socioland novel, In Brighter Climes, in 1895. He published several more works on magnetism in the late 1890s. Chavannes died in 1903, and is buried in the Spring Place Presbyterian Church Cemetery in northeast Knoxville.
Family
Albert Chavannes was related to several prominent Knoxville businessmen, whose careers stand somewhat in contrast to his socialist ideals. His sister, Emma, was married to Edward J. Sanford, one of the city's leading financiers. The Sanford children included Supreme Court justice Edward Terry Sanford and iron manufacturer Hugh Sanford. In 1894, Chavannes' son, Adrian Leon Chavannes (1871–1938), founded the Chavannes Lumber Company, which operated a large mill in North Knoxville until the 1950s. Albert Chavannes' grandson, Edward Chavannes, served as Mayor of Knoxville from 1946 to 1947.
Works
Socioland
Chavannes' two novels, The Future Commonwealth and In Brighter Climes, discuss a fictional country known as "Socioland." Socioland, according to Chavannes, was located in central Africa, about 300 miles inland along the shores of the fictional Lake Norlay. The new country had been formed circa 1900 by American colonists disenchanted with the ills of American society and the lack of progress in fixing the ills, in spite of the nation's rapidly growing wealth. Though both books are set in the 1950s, Chavannes makes virtually no speculations regarding technological innovations.
In The Future Commonwealth, Socioland is described as a country where major industries and modes of transportation are publicly owned, but controlled by popularly elected directors rather than the central government. Individuals may earn profits, though the accumulation of interest is barred. Land is publicly owned, but leases tantamount to ownership can be granted. All children receive the same educational opportunities, and are required to serve a 6-year apprenticeship. The government provides health care, utilities, bread, and basic services such as laundry. Because work is more evenly divided, individuals only work for a few hours per day.
In Brighter Climes follows Charles Morrill and his wife Mary, who were inspired by Chavannes' The Future Commonwealth to migrate to Socioland. When the Morrills arrive, they find that the Sociolanders are concerned that elements of capitalism are creeping into their economy, and eventually decide to implement a communist-style system. Laws regarding marriage are lax, and divorce is much easier to obtain for both males and females. Artists and writers receive no money for their work, with Sociolanders likening selling one's genius to prostitution. In his introduction to the book, Chavannes states that Mary's letters were written by an "unnamed female," though he wrote the remainder of the book.
Magnetism
Chavannes used the term "vital force" to describe the intellectual, emotional and sexual energy stored within the body. Intellectual vital force, he believed, is stored in the brain, emotional vital force is stored behind the heart, and sexual vital force is stored in the genitalia. Memory is the result of modifications to a person's vital force.
"Magnetism," according to Chavannes, is the exchange of vital force between two individuals. Intellectual magnetism involves the exchange of thoughts, emotional magnetism involves the exchange of sympathy and affection, and sexual magnetism is exchanged through ejaculation during sexual intercourse. Chavannes believed that individuals require magnetic equilibrium, and suggested that misbehavior and general unpleasantness result from too much or too little stored vital force.
Chavannes argued that the exchange of magnetism through ejaculation ruined an individual's equilibrium. He suggested that individuals therefore practice sexual continence. Chavannes' ideas on sexual magnetism would later provide inspiration for the Karezza method originated by Dr. Alice Bunker Stockham and further developed by J William Lloyd.
Other works
East Tennessee Sketches is a collection of six articles, two of which ("Canvassing the District" and "Adair Creek Notes") are written by Chavannes' wife, Cecile. "Canvassing the District" describes the Chavanneses' 1892 canvass. "Adair Creek Notes" describes how cheese was made on the Chavannes farm. "Saunders' Raid" is an eyewitness account of General William Sanders's attack on Knoxville in June 1863. "Coming Home to Knoxville" details the Chavannes' trek from the Virginia coast back to Knoxville following a trip to Switzerland in 1897. "An Old Reprobate," is the story of a man who became an alcoholic following the deaths of his two sons from smallpox. "A War Episode" describes the confiscation of Chavannes' prized cane by a Union officer in 1864.
Chavannes considered his 1900 work, Lizzie Melton, A Self-Reliant Girl, to be his only full-fledged novel. The book is essentially a critique of Victorian morals regarding women, with the title character being ostracized by the community after becoming pregnant out of wedlock. The novel is set in Richland, New York, with characters and scenes inspired by Chavannes' experiences in the region following the Civil War.
Bibliography
Journals
The Sociologist, 1881–1883
The Modern Philosopher, 1896–1898
Pamphlets
The Law of Happiness
The Law of Individual Control
The Law of Exchange
The Law of Environment
Heredity, Cross-Breeding, Pre-Natal Influences
Books
Vital Force and Magnetic Exchange (1888)
The Future Commonwealth, Or, What Samuel Balcom Saw in Socioland (1892)
The Concentration of Wealth: A Study as to Its Causes, Results and Remedies (1893)
In Brighter Climes, Or, Life in Socioland: A Realistic Novel (1895)
Vital Force, Magnetic Exchange and Magnetation (1897)
Magnetism and Its Relation to Health and Character (1898)
The Nature of the Mind, and Its Relation to Magnetism; Also an Inquiry Whether Individuality Can Persist After Death (1898)
The Law of Conduct, As Based Upon a Correct Knowledge of the Nature of the Mind (1899)
East Tennessee Sketches (1900) (coauthored with Cecile Chavannes)
Lizzie Melton, A Self-Reliant Girl (1900)
Studies In Sociology, In Four Parts (1901)
Mental Science, As a Guide to Health, Happiness and Business Success (1902)
References
External links
The Future Commonwealth, Or What Samuel Balcom Saw in Socioland – Google Books
The Concentration of Wealth, A Study As to Its Causes, Results and Remedies – Google Books
In Brighter Climes, or Life in Socioland – Google Books
East Tennessee Sketches – Archive.org
''Vital Force, Magnetic Exchange and Magnetation" – hathitrust.org
1836 births
1903 deaths
American anti-capitalists
American philosophers
American socialists
American sociologists
People from Knoxville, Tennessee
People from Lausanne
Swiss anti-capitalists
Swiss emigrants to the United States
Swiss socialists
Tennessee Populists
Utopian socialists
Writers from Tennessee
Personal Affairs (, ) is a 2016 Israeli drama film, the directorial debut of Nazareth-born Palestinian Maha Haj. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot
This is the story of a Palestinian family whose members are dispersed between Israel, the occupied Palestinian territories, and Europe. The elderly parents live in Nazareth. The husband, Salah, keeps occupied with his laptop computer and doesn't interact with his wife, Nabila, who occupies her time with cooking, knitting and watching television soap operas. "She can barely bring herself to acknowledge her husband's presence, much to his irritation. Nor can she muster much enthusiasm for joining him on a getaway to Sweden to visit their son Hisham".
In Ramallah, Samar, Nabila and Salah's pregnant daughter, cares for Granny, whose dotage is punctuated by brief moments of reflection. Meanwhile, Samar's husband, George, a mechanic, finds himself cast in an American movie after visiting filmmakers turn up at his garage. The opportunity affords him permission to go to Haifa — where he sees the Mediterranean for the first time.
Another son, Hisham, has relocated to Stockholm, putting himself at an even greater remove from his family and origins. He pressures Tariq, his brother, to visit their parents and convince them to take a trip to Sweden to see him. Tariq states that he moved to Ramallah to get away from the parents and their unhappiness, but agrees to a short visit. Back in Ramallah, Samar is critical of his unwillingness to marry and settle down.
"Between check-points and dreams, frivolity and politics, some want to leave, others want to stay but all have personal affairs to resolve."
Cast
Amer Hlehel as George
Doraid Liddawi as Tareq
Zidane Awad as Saeed
Mahmoud Shawahdeh as Salah
Saana Shawahdeh as Nabila
Maisa Abd Elhadi as Maisa
Hanan Hillo as Samar
Ziad Bakri as Hisham
Jihan Dermelkonian as the grandmother
Awards and nominations
October 2016: Haifa International Film Festival: the Haifa Cultural Fund Award for Best Feature Film (the festival's top prize), award of NIS 100,000
October 2016: 38th Cinemed Film Festival in Montpellier: BNP Paribas Critics' Prize, award of 2,000 Euro
October 2016: Philadelphia Film Festival: the Archie Award for Best First Feature
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
2016 directorial debut films
Israeli drama films
2010s Arabic-language films
2010s Hebrew-language films
2016 multilingual films
Israeli multilingual films
The South African National Blood Service (SANBS) is a non-profit organisation that provides human blood for transfusion that operates in South Africa, with the exception of the Western Cape, which has its own blood service. The head office of the SANBS is in Constantia Kloof, Gauteng, near Johannesburg, but there are blood collection operations in eight of the nine provinces. Western Cape has a separate blood centre, the Western Cape Blood Service. SANBS was founded in 2001 from a merger of seven blood centres, and was embroiled in controversy in 2004 over a policy of racial profiling for blood safety.
The SANBS appointed Dr. Jonathan Louw as its CEO in January 2018.
Dr Louw founded Healthwyse Consulting and prior to this, he was MD at the Abraaj Group (a Dubai-based private equity investment company). Louw was at JSE-Listed Adcock Ingram and Tiger brands from 2001 to 2014, serving in a variety of capacities from New Business Development, MD of Pharmaceuticals (2003 to 2006) and then Chief Executive at Adcock Ingram (2006 to 2014). He has an MB.ChB (1993) and an MBA (1999), both from the University of Cape Town.
Dr Louw was succeeded by Ravi Reddy in January 2021.
Blood donation
SANBS collects blood from volunteer unpaid donors and processes that blood into components for transfusion. The donors are screened for health risks and tested for diseases on every donation. Not all parts of the donated blood are always used, such as with first time donors, to establish a history of negative test results in the donor before the blood is used in patients. The red blood cells from the first donation are discarded because they cannot be stored long enough to wait for a second donation and a second set of testing, but the blood plasma can be frozen and used.
SANBS relies on donors that return consistently, as the history of testing makes it less likely to miss a positive result from a laboratory error or from a donation in the window period. Testing has included nucleic acid testing (NAT) since 2005, which directly detects the virus instead of waiting for the body to develop an antibody. This test shortens but does not eliminate the window period. SANBS performs NAT testing for each individual donor, instead of in pools. NAT testing is expensive, and blood banks in many countries, such as Canada, perform the testing on pooled donor samples. The individual testing is more sensitive to window period donations. The testing is performed at central laboratories in Johannesburg and Durban.
Whole blood is collected to make packed red blood cells and plasma for transfusion. Plasma and platelets for transfusion are also collected by automated plateletpheresis. Collections take place at fixed sites, but SANBS also collects blood on mobile blood drives at community locations such as shopping centres. The blood is then processed into components at seven processing locations throughout South Africa. During 2008, SANBS collected 718,962 donations of Whole Blood and 11,657 donations of apheresis platelets.
Other services
SANBS also provides blood-related laboratory services such as paternity testing and the HLA typing of bone marrow donors, though the actual bone marrow donations are handled by the Sunflower Fund, a separate organisation. The organisation also prepares an annual haemovigilance report on transfusion complications, conducts research, and provides clinical training.
History
The organisation was founded in 2001 from the merging of seven independent blood banks.
Criticism
The organisation came under fire in 2004 when it was revealed that they used the race of a donor as a consideration in determining disease risk. SANBS stated that the profiling was necessary to reduce the risk of transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), citing World Health Organization policy for not collecting blood from high risk groups. Health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang raised concerns that the policy was racist. SANBS changed the policy later that week. Dr. Loyiso Mpuntsha, a black woman who was once rejected as a blood donor, was the SANBS CEO until March 2015.
Previously, the SANBS also excluded homosexual males who have had sex with another male within five years, as the SANBS saw them as high risk carriers of HIV/AIDS. After an outcry, this ruling was changed in 2006 to allow homosexual men to donate, provided that they have been celibate for at least six months. This policy was amended in 2014 to allow all sexes and orientations to donate, provided that they have been either celibate or in monogamous relationships for the previous six months.
See also
Transfusion medicine
References
External links
SANBS home page
Blood banks
Medical and health organisations based in South Africa
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Ecuador Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Ecuador have taken part in the competition since 1961.
Players
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis Cup
Sir George William Burton (July 21, 1818August 22, 1901) was a British-Canadian lawyer and judge. He was Chief Justice of Ontario from 1897 to 1900.
Biography
Burton was born in Sandwich, Kent, England, on July 21, 1818, the second son of Admiral George Guy Burton of the Royal Navy. He was educated at the Rochester and Chatham Proprietary School. In 1836 or 1837, Burton came to Canada and settled in Ingersoll, where he began studying law in the office of his paternal uncle, Edmund Burton. He was called to the bar in 1841 or 1842. Thereafter, he practised law in Hamilton. Burton also practised in partnership with Charles A. Sadleir, as Burton & Sadleir, for many years.
He was a reformer in politics.
On June 9, 1850, Burton married Elizabeth Perkins, daughter of Dr. F. Perkins, of Kingston, Jamaica, and niece and adopted daughter of Colonel Charles Cranston Dixon, of the 90th Regiment.
Burton acted as solicitor for the city of Hamilton; also for the Canada Life Assurance Company, of which he was a director, having been elected to that position soon after his elevation to the bench. In 1856 he was nominated as bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada, and when that body became elective by the profession at large, under an Ontario statute passed in 1871, he was elected to the position. In 1862 or 1863, he was named a Queen's Counsel.
Burton was appointed a judge of the Court of Error and Appeal on May 30, 1874, moving to Toronto, Ontario. Upon the elevation of Samuel Henry Strong to the Supreme Court of Canada, in October 1865, Burton became the senior justice of the Court of Appeal. Burton was appointed Chief Justice of Ontario in 1897 and was knighted in 1898. He died on August 22, 1901, in Toronto.
References
1818 births
1901 deaths
People from Sandwich, Kent
English emigrants to Canada
Judges in Ontario
Lawyers in Ontario
Canadian Knights Bachelor
Captain America is the name of several comic book titles featuring the character Captain America and published by Marvel Comics, beginning with the original Captain America comic book series which debuted in 1968.
Publication history
Captain America was starring in the title Tales of Suspense, which was retitled Captain America with issue #100 (April 1968). The new title Captain America continued to feature artwork by Jack Kirby, as well as a short run by Jim Steranko, and work by many of the industry's top artists and writers. It was called Captain America and the Falcon from #134 (Feb. 1971) to #222 (June 1978), although the Falcon's name was not on the cover for issues #193, 200, and 216. The 1972–1975 run on the title by writer Steve Englehart and artist Sal Buscema saw the series become one of Marvel's top-sellers. In 2010, Comics Bulletin ranked Englehart and Buscema's run on Captain America fourth on its list of the "Top 10 1970s Marvels". Kirby returned to the series as writer and penciler with issue #193 (Jan. 1975) and remained through #214 (Oct. 1977).
This series – considered Captain America volume one by comics researchers and historians – ended with #454 (Aug. 1996). Captain America Vol. 1 should not be confused with the 1940s series Captain America Comics (1941–1949, 1954) and Captain America's Weird Tales (1949–1950).
This series was almost immediately followed by the 13-issue Captain America vol. 2 (Nov. 1996 – Nov. 1997, part of the "Heroes Reborn" crossover), the 50-issue Captain America vol. 3 (Jan. 1998 – Feb. 2002), the 32-issue Captain America vol. 4 (June 2002 – Dec. 2004), and Captain America vol. 5 (Jan. 2005 – Aug. 2011). Beginning with the 600th overall issue (Aug. 2009), Captain America resumed its original numbering, as if the series numbering had continued uninterrupted after #454.
As part of the aftermath of Marvel Comics' company-crossover storyline "Civil War", Steve Rogers was ostensibly killed in Captain America vol. 5, #25 (March 2007). Series writer Ed Brubaker remarked, "What I found is that all the really hard-core left-wing fans want Cap to be standing out on and giving speeches on the street corner against the George W. Bush administration, and all the really right-wing fans all want him to be over in the streets of Baghdad, punching out Saddam Hussein." The character's co-creator, Joe Simon, said, "It's a hell of a time for him to go. We really need him now." Artist Alex Ross designed a slightly revised Captain America costume that former sidekick Bucky Barnes began to wear as the new Captain America in vol. 5, #34 (March 2008). As of 2007, an estimated 210 million copies of "Captain America" comic books had been sold in 75 countries.
The storyline of Rogers' return began in issue #600.
Marvel stated in May 2011 that Rogers, following the public death of Bucky Barnes in the "Fear Itself" crossover, would resume his Captain America identity in a sixth volume of Captain America, by writer Ed Brubaker and artist Steve McNiven. The Captain America title continued from issue #620 featuring team up stories with Bucky (#620-#628), Hawkeye (#629-#632), Iron Man (#633–635), Namor (#635.1), and Black Widow (#636-#640), and the title ended its print run with issue #640.
See also
1968 in comics
Silver Age of Comic Books
American comic book tropes
References
External links
Captain America at the Comic Book DB
1968 comics debuts
1996 comics debuts
1998 comics debuts
2002 comics debuts
2005 comics debuts
Captain America titles
Comics by Dan Jurgens
Comics by Dave Gibbons
Comics by David Michelinie
Comics by Gerry Conway
Comics by J. M. DeMatteis
Comics by Jack Kirby
Comics by Jeph Loeb
Comics by John Byrne (comics)
Comics by Mark Waid
Comics by Roy Thomas
Comics by Stan Lee
Comics by Steve Englehart
Comics by Steve Gerber
Marvel Comics adapted into films
The Hathaway Brightman House is a historic house located at 205 Crescent Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, in the Border City neighborhood.
Description and history
It is a -story, wood-framed structure, four bays wide, with a side gable roof that has a front-facing gable with bracketed eave. The house was built in about 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is considered a particularly fine example of a mid-19th century Victorian Gothic cottage. It features a "pine tree" Palladian window above the entrance.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Matthew VanDyke (born June 11, 1979) is an American documentary filmmaker, revolutionary, and former journalist. He gained fame during the Libyan Civil War as a foreign fighter on the side of the uprising and as a prisoner of war.
As a journalist and documentary filmmaker, VanDyke traveled throughout North Africa and the Middle East by motorcycle from 2007–2011. His experiences and observations during these four years led him to join the Libyan Civil War as a rebel fighter. VanDyke has publicly supported Arab spring revolutions in the Middle East and North Africa and has worked as a filmmaker in the Syrian Civil War and fought as an armed combatant.
Early life
Education
In 2002, VanDyke received his bachelor's degree in Political Science from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC), graduating summa cum laude.
At UMBC, VanDyke first began to study the Arab world. VanDyke later studied in the Security Studies Program (SSP) at Georgetown University's Walsh School of Foreign Service from 2002-2004. He received his master's degree in Security Studies with a Middle East regional concentration in 2004. As a graduate student at Georgetown University he wrote a political column for the campus newspaper, The Hoya, and co-hosted a radio talk show on the Georgetown University radio station, WGTB. VanDyke is a member of Mensa, a social organization whose members are in the top 2% of intelligence as measured by an IQ test entrance exam.
Motorcycle Journey
In 2004, VanDyke graduated from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service with a master's degree in Security Studies with a Middle East concentration. His desire to see the Arab World for himself led him to supplement his academic pursuits with two long introspective journeys that would fundamentally change the way he viewed himself and the Arab World.
The first expedition from 2007-2009 was a solo trip through North Africa and the Middle East on a Kawasaki KLR650 motorcycle that included journeys in Morocco, Mauritania, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Jordan, and Syria. This was followed in 2010 by a six-month motorcycle trek from Iraq, through Iran, to Afghanistan. For the latter, he traveled with his friend American photographer Daniel Britt, with the final goal of spending a few weeks embedded to film the US military in Afghanistan.
VanDyke made several close friends in Tripoli, Libya in 2008; those friendships were instrumental in making his decision to fight in the Libyan Civil War in 2011. VanDyke lived in Iraq later in 2008 and 2009, teaching English at a University to fund his motorcycle journey. He also filmed the US military in Iraq and briefly worked as a war correspondent.
VanDyke filmed his motorcycle journeys from 2007-2010 and some of the footage was used in the feature documentary about VanDyke, Point and Shoot, which won the Best Documentary Award at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2014.
Libyan Civil War
In February 2011, the Libyan Civil War began, and VanDyke was in contact with several of his Libyan friends in Tripoli, Libya via email and Facebook. "My friends were telling me about family members being arrested or disappearing or being injured. They would say to me things like, 'Why doesn't anybody help us?' So I said I would be there."
VanDyke went to Libya with the intention of joining the rebel force opposing the government of Muammar Gaddafi. At the time, there was no international military support for the rebels, and it appeared that NATO would not intervene. Gaddafi had air superiority and his military was significantly stronger than the rebel force. "I knew that they needed people to go fight. There was no NATO at that time. It didn't look like there would be NATO involvement or foreign involvement. It was a very, very desperate situation of Gaddafi's army moving towards Benghazi, and it was an all or nothing situation."
Prisoner of war
On 13 March 2011, VanDyke was struck on the head during an ambush in Brega and lost his memory of what happened. VanDyke regained consciousness briefly during his transport from Brega to a prison, which he believes was in Sirte. He was interrogated and told he would never see America again.
Sometime within the next 24–48 hours VanDyke was flown to Tripoli, where he was imprisoned in the Maktab al-Nasser prison in the Abu Salim district of Tripoli. VanDyke was held in solitary confinement, in a 1.2m x 2.2m (4 ft x 7 ft) cell with a small skylight in the ceiling. He was fed and allowed to use the toilet three times a day, but was not allowed outside or given anything to read or other materials. VanDyke also suffered the psychological effects of solitary confinement.
After 85 days VanDyke was blindfolded, handcuffed, and transported to Abu Salim prison, where he would spend the next 81 days, also in solitary confinement. The psychological torture of the solitary confinement was made worse by VanDyke's obsessive-compulsive disorder. Prisoners broke the lock off his cell on August 24, 2011 and he escaped prison. Free from prison, VanDyke stayed at the home of a fellow escapee for a few days before relocating to the Corinthia Hotel Tripoli as a guest of the National Transitional Council, and spoke to reporters about his experience as a prisoner of war.
International media coverage
Shortly after his capture was reported, he was incorrectly described by the media as a freelance journalist. Several non-governmental organizations (NGOs), including the Committee to Protect Journalists, attempted to pressure the Gaddafi government on his behalf. On May 25, Deputy Libyan Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim said he had no information about VanDyke. In early August, after nearly five months of denials, the Gaddafi government finally admitted that VanDyke was in custody, but would not allow anyone to speak with or visit him, and would not reveal which prison he was being held in. Human Rights Watch visited Abu Salim prison and asked if VanDyke was being held there. Prison officials denied that he was there, when in fact he was.
VanDyke also stated that he would not leave Libya until the country was free and all cities were liberated from Gaddafi's forces. He also said he would not leave until all rebel Prisoners of War (POWs) being held by Gaddafi forces were rescued from prison, including the three rebel fighters he was captured with. VanDyke has been compared to foreign fighters of the International Brigades during the Spanish Civil War. He appears regularly in the media as a media personality and media commentator.
Joining the National Liberation Army
VanDyke went to Ra's Lanuf, meeting with the commander of the Ali Hassan al-Jaber Brigade, who allowed them to enlist in the National Liberation Army.
VanDyke remained on or near the front lines as the rebels advanced from Harawa to Sirte. At the Battle of Sirte he took part in heavy fighting on the eastern front, most notably near Jazeera, Sirte Hotel, Sirte University, Dubai Street, and the Emirates apartment complex, as well as other engagements. During this time VanDyke used a variety of weapons in combat and served in a variety of roles, but was primarily a DShK (Dushka) gunner. When not in combat, Fonas and VanDyke often gave tours of the battlefield and assisted the international press to help them safely and reliably report on the Battle of Sirte. During one such mission they escorted CBS News correspondent Allen Pizzey and his crew to the front lines in Sirte, at which time VanDyke was filmed in combat. This was aired on the CBS Evening News in the United States, and was the first combat footage of VanDyke to emerge. Additional footage of him fighting in Sirte would later be made public in American television broadcasts and online.
Film career
Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution
Upon returning to the United States from Libya at the end of 2011, VanDyke was asked by the press at the airport about his future plans. He stated that he would be working in other revolutions, including likely participation as an armed combatant at some point in the future. In 2012 VanDyke began preparations to make a short documentary film, Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution, to help improve world opinion of the Syrian rebel forces in the Syrian Civil War and encourage the international community to support them. VanDyke has stated that his decision to film instead of fight at that stage of the war was based on equipment shortages among the rebels, a problem that he felt his film could help address by increasing international support. He self-financed the film with his own money, spending approximately $30,000.
VanDyke traveled to Syria in October 2012 and filmed for around a month in the city of Aleppo. Filming in Aleppo was dangerous because of artillery barrages, aircraft attacks, snipers, and the threat of kidnapping because of VanDyke's status as a public figure. While in Syria making Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution, the Syrian government broadcast on numerous Syrian State Television channels that VanDyke was a terrorist who had come to fight against the government as part of the rebel Free Syrian Army, greatly increasing the risk that VanDyke would be kidnapped or assassinated in Syria.
Release and reception
Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution was released in September 2013. It was broadcast on television by ARD in Germany, SBS in Australia, and NRK in Norway. Footage from the film was also shown as part of a 2013 episode of ABC's program Nightline. VanDyke released Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution on YouTube without advertising. The film is also available online through The Guardian's Comment is Free subsite. Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution has also been shown at educational institutions and events around the world sponsored by organizations such as Amnesty International and The Frontline Club.
The film was described by NewFilmmakers LA Film Festival as "a film festival darling". The film has won over 100 awards, including the Short Film Award at the One World Media Awards, and First Place (Non Fiction) in the 36th Annual National Short Film Competition at the USA Film Festival as well as taking Best Film for the 2013 ITSA Film Festival.
Point and Shoot
VanDyke starred in Point and Shoot, a documentary film written and directed by two-time Academy Award nominee Marshall Curry. VanDyke had approached Curry to collaborate on a biographical film about VanDyke using footage he had shot during the motorcycle journey and while fighting in Libya. The film consists primarily of VanDyke's footage from 2007-2011, which is combined with some interviews and a short animation sequence to recreate VanDyke's experience in solitary confinement as a prisoner of war.
Point and Shoot follows VanDyke's four year motorcycle journey, his friendship with Nouri Fonas and other Libyans, and his transformation into a revolutionary during the conflict in Libya. The film explores VanDyke's background, motivations, and the formative experiences during his motorcycle journey that led to his transformation into a revolutionary during the conflict in Libya.
Point and Shoot premiered at Tribeca Film Festival in April 2014 where it won the Best Documentary Award. The film also won the Independent Film Festival of Boston Special Jury Prize for Documentary Feature and VanDyke was awarded the Special Jury Award for Extraordinary Courage in Filmmaking by the Little Rock Film Festival for his work as producer and cinematographer on Point and Shoot.
The film has a 72% positive rating on Rotten Tomatoes. and a positive Metascore of 65 on Metacritic.
7 Days in Syria
VanDyke was the cinematographer and producer of the 2015 documentary 7 Days in Syria directed by Robert Rippberger and produced by Scott Rosenfelt, following lauded journalist Janine di Giovanni. The film showed at three dozen festivals, including a private screening to Britain's House of Lords and to senior members of the United Nations, before it was released by Ro*co Films and Film Buff.
Combat advisor
On February 21, 2015, VanDyke announced the creation of Sons of Liberty International, a self-described non-profit security contracting firm, consisting of him and several veterans. Their efforts in 2015 were directed toward training the Nineveh Plain Protection Units (NPU), an Assyrian militia backed by the Assyrian Democratic Movement, with the stated intent of preserving Iraq's Christian heritage against attacks from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. In February 2015, he said they had helped train over 300 soldiers of the NPU, with the goal of training a total of 2000 soldiers. Deflecting criticism that raising a Christian militia will only fuel sectarianism in the region, he stated that the NPU would eventually enlist other religious groups as well.
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, SOLI has provided training to Ukrainian soldiers.
Filmography
Not Anymore: A Story of Revolution (2013)
Point and Shoot (2014)
7 Days in Syria (2015)
References
External links
American male journalists
Living people
People of the First Libyan Civil War
American prisoners of war
American people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of Libya
1979 births
Film directors from Maryland
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
University of Maryland, Baltimore County alumni
Mensans
Pick-Up Sticks is a children's novel by Canadian author Sarah Ellis. The novel received the 1991 Governor General's Award for Children's Literature. The story is told from the perspective of a thirteen-year-old girl, Polly, as she experiences the struggles of losing her home and her comfortable life. Ellis stated that it was inspired by an interview with a homeless woman who was no longer able to care for her family.
Plot summary
The narrative opens with Polly's simple life as she moves between school, afterschool volunteering and playing the French horn. The simplicity and perfection of her life is represented by the small, cozy room with a beautiful stained glass window her mother made for her. Apart from her loving relationship with her mother Polly's friends consist of the downstairs neighbors, Ms. Protheroe, her son Ernie and Polly's best friend, Vanessa. It is implied that Ernie is cognitively challenged as he spends most of his time watching reruns of Gilligan's Island and collecting postal codes. Vanessa is portrayed as self-absorbed and a fickle teen, being infatuated with the girls' English teacher and concocting “hair-brained” schemes as a result.
Polly's world is shattered when it is revealed that their house is being sold and torn down in two months and her mother fails to find replacement accommodation for the two of them. Catalyzed by the disintegration of her material world Polly comes to question her identity and where she really belongs. First and foremost she asks why her mother choose to bring her up fatherless and begins to strongly desire a father figure in her life. Polly has a fantasy of a father figure sweeping in to make her and her mother's lives easier. In the process of her identity crisis, Polly's relationship with her mother dissolves, leading to fights and accusing her mother of being terrible at parenting.
As a result Polly moves in with her Uncle Roger, Auntie Barbie and their daughter Stephanie. Polly finds Uncle Roger to be cold and unsympathetic, especially with regards to the impoverished and her mother. In addition, she finds Auntie Polly to be self-indulgent and vain, filling her life with expensive fitness classes. Finally, her cousin desperately rebels against her parents, participating in shoplifting and vandalizing. When hanging out with her cousin and seeing Stephanie participate in shopping and vandalizing leads her to jump out of the car and desperately run to see her mother at the warehouse where her mother worked. Polly begins to talk to her mother at this point and finds out more about her history with why her mother choose to have her, and that her mother had finally found a place for them to live. Through these experiences she learns that despite their financial situation she has a mother who loves her and she discovers who she is as a person.
Themes
Finding Oneself: the author states that there is nothing that scares her more than the idea of being homeless and losing a sense of who she is. As Polly loses the security of her home and material possessions, she is forced to find out who she is and grows closer to her mother in the process.
Setting
The story takes place in the suburbs of Vancouver. It also mentions the city of Richmond, which is part of the greater metropolitan area of Vancouver.
Critical reception
Pick-Up Sticks won the Governor General's Awards for Children's Literature in 1991 and was the School Library Journal'''s Best Book of the Year.
Some reactions to the book include: “...ordinary people, simple events, big themes. A lovely book." (Toronto Sun); "Ellis deftly presents believable characters and situations, and shows how the spirit of family can be captured in non-traditional relationships." (Edmonton Journal) and "Ellis's writing is lean and child-centered; her insights are perceptive and have an unmistakable ring of honesty." (The Horn Book Magazine)Canadian Literature praised it for rejecting any easy solution for Polly's problems, though they found the presentation of wealthy characters relied on stereotypes. Publishers Weekly'' found Ellis's style to be "quiet" and "nonintrusive" rather than dazzling, but considered this well-suited to a low-key "slight" story.
References
1991 Canadian novels
Canadian children's novels
Novels set in Vancouver
Governor General's Award-winning novels
1991 children's books
The Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) was an executive state agency within the government of the People's Republic of China. Its responsibilities were assumed by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs on March 19, 2018. Areas of responsibility included agriculture and environmental issues relating to agriculture, fishery, consumer affairs, animal husbandry, horticulture, animal welfare, foodstuffs, hunting and game management as well as higher education and research in the field of agricultural sciences.
The ministry is headquartered in Beijing.
List of Agriculture Ministers
See also
Agriculture in the People's Republic of China
Standardization Administration of China SAC
Ministries of China
Council of Agriculture of the Republic of China
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs
References
External links
Ministry of Agriculture official website
China Agriculture Information Website (webhost of Ministry Of Agriculture)
Agriculture
China
Agricultural organizations based in China
China, Agriculture
China, Agriculture
1949 disestablishments in China
2018 disestablishments in China
Emamzadeh-ye Hoseyn Asghar (, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Ḩoseyn Āṣghar) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Motor City Classic is a ten-pin bowling tournament on the PBA Tour. It is among the first regular season events on the tour and is played at Taylor Lanes in Taylor, Michigan. The tournament has existed since 2006, with Tony Reyes winning the inaugural event over Wes Malott, 255-238. Reyes also rolled a 300 game in the semi-finals of the 2006 event. Walter Ray Williams Jr. is the defending champion.
For the 2008–09 season, the tournament in Taylor was renamed the Chameleon Championship, because the PBA chose to make it one of six tournaments named after a PBA oil pattern in its "Versatility Swing."
For the 2009–10 season, the PBA made the Motor City Classic part of the multi-tournament World Series of Bowling event. The qualifying rounds of the tournament, which determined the top four bowlers for the TV finals, continued to be contested at Taylor Lanes. The TV finals were taped September 5 in nearby Allen Park, MI for a November 1 ESPN broadcast.
Past results
References
External links
Official web page
Ten-pin bowling competitions in the United States
Samuel Woodson Price (August 5, 1828January 22, 1918) was a portraitist, author and Union Army officer in the American Civil War.
Early life
Price was born near Nicholasville, Kentucky to Daniel Branch and Elizabeth (Crockett) Price. He began to show great aptitude for art at an early age, having set up a studio in a Nicholasville hotel by the age of fourteen. Price attended Nicholasville Academy and later attended Kentucky Military Institute near Frankfort. While a student, he even taught drawing to other students.
Art education and personal life
For a time, Price studied portrait painting with William Reading, an artist in Louisville, Kentucky, and later with Oliver Frazer in Lexington, Kentucky. In 1849, Price left Kentucky for New York City where he enrolled in the School of Design and studied for five months. The following year, Price had reopened his studio in Lexington, but he was persuaded to move to Louisville by a prominent citizen in 1851. One of his most notable students was Thomas Satterwhite Noble, who studied with him in 1852.
In 1853, Price married Mary Frances Thompson. Together they had a son and two daughters. Price traveled extensively through Kentucky, Tennessee, and other states throughout the 1850s, painting portraits of prominent citizens. In 1859, he once again relocated to Lexington. While living there, Price became a captain and commander of "The Old Infantry", a state guard unit.
Civil War
Although many other Kentucky State Guard units would join the Confederacy, Price and the men of "The Old Infantry" helped form the 21st Kentucky Infantry Regiment. Price enlisted as a corporal, but soon rose to the rank of captain. On February 26, 1862, he was made colonel and led the regiment through many of the major campaigns in the western theater. Price was wounded at the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain on June 27, 1864, when his regiment captured and held the Moulton and Dallas Road while being greatly outnumbered. He recovered from his wound and was subsequently assigned as post commander of Lexington, a position he held until the war ended. Price was mustered out of the U.S. volunteers on December 9, 1865. In recognition of his service and especially his leadership at Kennesaw Mountain, on January 30, 1867 (and again on March 23, 1867) President Andrew Johnson nominated Price for appointment as a brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 28, 1867.
Later life and death
Price relocated to Washington, D.C. soon after the Civil War where he received commissions to paint portraits of generals George H. Thomas and William S. Rosecrans. In 1869 he was appointed postmaster of Lexington where he spent a great deal of his time painting on the upper floor of the post office building. President Ulysses S. Grant removed Price from this position in April 1876.
Facing mounting financial debt, Price once again moved to Louisville in 1878 where he established a studio in the Louisville Courier-Journal office building. Two years later, Price became blind in one eye, and by 1881 he was totally blind in both eyes. Undeterred, he dictated a history of the 21st Kentucky Infantry in 1882, which was published as part of The Union Regiments of Kentucky in 1897. He also wrote The Old Masters of the Bluegrass, which was published by the Filson Club in 1902 and Biographical Sketch of Colonel Joseph Crockett in 1909.
His wife died in 1892 and he lived with his son, Robert Coleman Price, in Louisville and St. Louis, Missouri. Price died in St. Louis on January 22, 1918 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals
21st Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry
Notes
References
J. Winston Coleman, "Samuel Woodson Price: Kentucky Portrait Painter", Filson Club History Quarterly 23 (January 1949): 5-24.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Hunt, Roger D. and Jack R. Brown, Brevet Brigadier Generals in Blue. Gaithersburg, MD: Olde Soldier Books, Inc., 1990. .
"Samuel Woodson Price", The Kentucky Encyclopedia, John E. Kleber (ed.) (Lexington: The University Press of Kentucky), 1992.
External links
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
Painters from Kentucky
Artists from Louisville, Kentucky
Writers from Louisville, Kentucky
Union Army colonels
1828 births
1918 deaths
People of Kentucky in the American Civil War
People from Jessamine County, Kentucky
Blind people from the United States
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
American portrait painters
American male painters
The 1897 Stanford football team represented Stanford University in the 1897 college football season and was coached by George H. Brooke in his only year coaching the team. The team played the Reliance Athletic Club team four times and ended the season with its annual Thanksgiving Day game against California, winning 28–0, the biggest margin of victory yet in the seven-year Big Game series. At this point in the series, Stanford had won 4 and tied 3 with no losses.
Schedule
References
Stanford
Stanford Cardinal football seasons
Stanford football
Monte Buio is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located between the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1400 metres.
Toponymy
Monte in Italian means Mount while Buio means Dark.
Geography
The mountain has grassy slopes and on its summit stands a large cross. Is a tripoint where the valleys of Brevenna, Borbera and Vobbia meet. A brief ridge connects Monte Buio with monte Antola and the Ligurian Sea/Adriatic Seawater divide. The Monte Buio overlooks the Val Vobbia.
Access to the summit
There are several hiking paths reaching the summit of Monte Buio, starting from Alpe and Vallenzona (two villages of the comune of Vobbia), from Tonno (Valbrevenna) and from the mountain passes of the Incisa and San Fermo.
The summit offers a good point of view on the nearby valleys and from it also the Ligurian Sea and a large stretch of the Western Alps can be seen.
Conservation
The Ligurian side of the mountain since 1989 is included in the Parco naturale regionale dell'Antola<ref name = par2>Parco naturale regionael dell'Antola', pdf text on www.altaviadeimontiliguri.it </ref> while the Piedmontese one is part of the Parco naturale dell'Alta val Borbera''.
References
Bibliography
External links
Hiking itinerary to Monte Buio
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
Liwaito may refer to:
Liwaito, California
Putah Creek, Liwaito in the native language
Second Honeymoon is a novel written on the same pattern as Honeymoon, written by James Patterson and Howard Roughan in 2005. Therefore, it is considered the second novel of a series.
Plot
This book has two plots. The primary plot concerns a serial killer who targets newlyweds on their honeymoons. FBI agent John O'Hara (who was central to the first book of this series) works this case, trying to determine who the killer is and why the killer targets particular newlyweds, but in a seemingly random manner. The second plot involves O'Hara personally, but he does not know this until another FBI agent, Sarah Brubaker, brings the matter to his attention.
Reviews
The Book Reporter website has a very positive review of Second Honeymoon. Joe Hartlaub wrote in this review, "Patterson and Roughan make for a great collaborative team. SECOND HONEYMOON picks the reader up and keeps things flowing right along." Today liked the book as well, "James Patterson retains his knack for palpable, chilling suspense in his latest novel, 'Second Honeymoon.'"
USA Today had Second Honeymoon on its list of best-selling books for 23 weeks, beginning with its July 4, 2013, edition. At one time the book held the number one position on this list.
References
2013 American novels
Goodenia convexa is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae and is endemic to Western Australia. It is a low-lying herb with egg-shaped to lance-shaped, usually toothed leaves mostly at the base of the plant, and racemes of yellow flowers.
Description
Goodenia convexa is a low-lying herb with more or less hairy stems to long. The leaves are mostly at the base of the plant, lance-shaped to egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide, usually with teeth on the edges. The flowers are arranged in loose racemes up to long on a peduncle long with linear to lance-shaped bracteoles at the base, each flower on a pedicel long. The sepals are narrow elliptic, long, the corolla yellow, long. The lower lobes of the corolla are long with wings wide. Flowering mainly occurs from August to November and the fruit is an oval to cylindrical capsule long.
Taxonomy and naming
Goodenia convexa was first formally described in 1990 by Roger Charles Carolin in the journal Telopea from material collected by James Drummond near the Swan River.
Distribution and habitat
This goodenia grows in sandy heath and woodland between the Hill River, Tone River and Cowcowing in the south-west of Western Australia.
Conservation status
Goodenia convexa is classified as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
convexa
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1990
Taxa named by Roger Charles Carolin
Papatzindan de Romero (El Limon) is located in Michoacán, in Mexico, in the municipality of Tiquicheo de Nicolas Romero.
Its altitude is 600 meters.
Papatzindan de Romero (El Limon) and has a population of 1,548. About 45 percent of the local population are children.
Even though the medium time spent at school is 4.51 years, there are still about 295 individuals who are illiterate, unable to read and write.
Altogether, there are eight people from indigenous origins and five individuals who are still able to speak an indigenous language
Populated places in Michoacán
Ladislav Chudík (27 May 1924 – 29 June 2015) was a Slovak actor. He appeared in more than fifty films.
Selected filmography
Awards
Czech Lion for Best Supporting Actor (2009)
References
External links
1924 births
2015 deaths
Slovak male film actors
Slovak male television actors
20th-century Slovak male actors
21st-century Slovak male actors
Czech Lion Awards winners
Warminster is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Richard Peter Lovato Jr. (born September 9, 1992) is an American football long snapper for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Old Dominion. Lovato was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2015. He has also played for the Green Bay Packers and Washington Redskins.
Early years
Lovato was born in Neptune, New Jersey, the son of Rick and Maureen Lovato. He attended Middletown High School South in Middletown, New Jersey, where he started long snapping as a freshman. He also saw time at center and on the defensive line.
College career
Lovato played college football for the Old Dominion Monarchs football team from 2011 to 2014. He appeared in all 50 games as the Monarchs' long snapper.
Professional career
Chicago Bears
After going undrafted in the 2015 NFL Draft, Lovato signed with the Chicago Bears on May 3, 2015. On August 30, 2015, he was released by the Bears.
Green Bay Packers
On December 22, 2015, Lovato was signed by the Green Bay Packers after starting long snapper Brett Goode suffered a season-ending knee injury. Prior to being signed, he was working at a sandwich shop in Lincroft, New Jersey owned by his father and uncle. Lovato became the first Old Dominion alumnus to play in a regular-season NFL game after handling snapping duties for every punt and field goal against the Arizona Cardinals in Week 16. On September 3, 2016, he was released by the Packers during final team cuts.
Washington Redskins
On November 19, 2016, Lovato was signed by the Washington Redskins to fill in for the injured Nick Sundberg. He was released on November 29, 2016.
Philadelphia Eagles
On December 12, 2016, Lovato was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles after starting long snapper Jon Dorenbos suffered a broken wrist.
Lovato earned the Eagles long snapping job in 2017 after the team traded away Dorenbos. Lovato would go on to win Super Bowl LII with the Eagles.
On November 19, 2019, Lovato signed a four-year contract extension with the Eagles through the 2024 season. He was selected to the Pro Bowl on December 17, 2019.
On October 25, 2021, Lovato was waived by the Eagles following the waiver claim of Reid Sinnett. Lovato re-signed to the Eagles' 53-man roster the following day.
References
External links
Old Dominion Monarchs bio
1992 births
Living people
Middletown High School South alumni
Players of American football from New Jersey
People from Middletown Township, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
American football long snappers
Old Dominion Monarchs football players
Chicago Bears players
Green Bay Packers players
Washington Redskins players
Philadelphia Eagles players
National Conference Pro Bowl players
Wael Fahim (born 1 January 1976) is an Egyptian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Thomas J. Walker House was a historic home located at 645 Mars Hill Road in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
When it was listed on the National Register, it was one of the few brick homes from the early 19th century remaining in Knox County. It was originally nominated for the National Register as a representative of the area's early settlement and architecture. In the early 20th century the house was altered by the addition of a white columned portico, but it retained most of its original exterior appearance and interior details.
In 2002 the house burned, and the remains of the structure were demolished in 2003. The house was subsequently removed from the National Register on July 24, 2008. The surrounding land was considered for redevelopment in March 2002 and was offered for sale in November 2007.
References
Former National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1839
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Demolished buildings and structures in Tennessee
Buildings and structures demolished in 2003
The Antun Branko Šimić Award () is an award for contributions to Croatian poetry by Croats from Bosnia and Herzegovina or members of the Croatian Writers' Society of Herzeg-Bosnia. It is named after the Herzegovinian Croat poet Antun Branko Šimić. It was briefly awarded in Yugoslavia under the name Braća Šimić Award and was later reinstated under its current name in 1998.
Awardees
1998: Gojko Sušac for Jutarnja novost
1999: Zdravko Kordić for Zipka i smrt
2000: Željko Ivanković for (D)ogledi III. and Dubravko Horvatić for Svjetionik
2001: Ante Matić for Nebeska galija and Pero Pavlović for Nebeske latice
2002: Andrija Vučemil for Glas (na)glas za glas and Nenad Valentin Borozan for lišce.teret od zrcala
2003: Ružica Soldo for Sanjar
2004: Zdravko Luburić for Molitva tmine
2005: Mile Maslać for Vrijeme pripravnosti
2006: Borislav Arapović for Prolomom
2007: Malkica Dugeč for U riječ unjedrena
2008: Rajko Glibo for Očitovanja and Antun Lučić for Veze ljudi, životinja i stvari
2009: Mile Pešorda for Baščanska ploča, poema
2010: Šimun Musa for Studije i ogledi
2011: Ante Stamać for Sabrane pjesme
2012: S. Marija od Presvetoga Srca (Anka Petričević) for Pjesme srca
2013: Julienne Eden Bušić for Živa glava
2014: Ivan Aralica for Japundže
2015: Ante Zirdum for Učiteljica modnog krojenja u Sarajevu 2014.
2016: Drago Čondrič for Sedam velikih biblijskih poema
2017: Ljubo Krmek for Iz humske zemlje-knjiga druga
2018: Marina Kljajo-Radić for Pjesništvo Lucijana Kordića
2019: Joso Živković for Tragom pokorenih želja
2020: Tomislav Marijan Bilosnić for Havana blues
External links
List of Awardees on Croatian Writers Association Herzeg Bosnia - Mostar site
Croatian poetry
Bosnia and Herzegovina culture
Poetry awards
Awards established in 1998
Kenya competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from 9 to 25 February 2018. The country returned to the Winter Olympics, after last competing in 2006. The Kenyan team consisted of one female alpine skier, the first woman to compete for the country at the Winter Olympics.
Background
Philip Boit, Kenya's only prior Winter Olympian, served as the chef de mission for the delegation to Pyeongchang.
Alpine skiing
Kenya qualified one female athlete, Sabrina Simader. Simader was born in Kenya, and moved to Austria when she was three years old, where she picked up the sport. Simader also represented the country at the Winter Youth Olympics in 2016 in Lillehammer, Norway. Kenya will be making its debut in the sport at the Winter Olympics. Simader is aiming for a top 20 finish in her events.
See also
Kenya at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
Kenya at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
References
Nations at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018
2018 in Kenyan sport
Crasna is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Aninișu din Deal, Aninișu din Vale, Buzești, Cărpiniș, Crasna, Crasna din Deal, Drăgoiești, Dumbrăveni and Radoși.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Andrew Morris (born 18 March 1982) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Wigan Athletic in the Football League.
He made his debut on 7 December 1999, in the 2–1 win over Burnley in the Football League Trophy Northern Section 1st Round, coming on as a substitute in the 87th minute for Brian McLaughlin. He scored the Golden goal in the 105th minute to win the tie.
Club stats
References
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from Wigan
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Runcorn F.C. Halton players
The Pellendones (also known as Pelendones Celtiberorum or Cerindones) were an ancient pre-Roman Celtic people living on the Iberian Peninsula. From the early 4th century BC they inhabited the region near the source of the river Duero in what today is north-central Spain. The area comprises the north of Soria, the southeast of Burgos and the southwest of La Rioja provinces.
Origins
Possibly of mixed Illyrian and Celtic origin, the Pellendones migrated to the Iberian Peninsula around the 4th Century BC. Their original native name might have been *Kellendones and it is believed that they were related to the Gallic Belendi or Pelendi of the middle Sigmatis (today's Leyre) river valley (approximately today's Belin-Béliet territory) in Gallia (Gaul). They spoke a 'Q-Celtic' language.
Culture
A predominantly stock-raising people that practiced transhumance in the grazing lowlands of the Ebro valley, they had their capital at Visontium (Vinuesa – Soria), and are credited as being the original founders of Numantia (Muela de Garray – Soria) and Savia (Soria?). They also controlled the towns of Aregrada (Ágreda? – Sória; Celtiberian mints: Areicoraticos/Arecorataz), Arenetum (Arnedo, near Inestrillas – La Rioja), Quelia/Quelium (Quel, near Arnedo – La Rioja; Celtiberian mint: Cueliocos) and Contrebia Leukade (Aguillar del Rio Alhama – La Rioja), although the location of Viscintium, Lutia (Cantalucia?), Olibia and Varia remains either incertain or unknown.
History
Closely related with both the Arevaci – to whom they were a dependant tribe, though regarded as a separated people – and the Vettones, they threw off the Arevacian yoke possibly with Roman help in the late 2nd century BC, receiving the town of Numantia and respective lands when the Romans partitioned the territory of the defeated Arevaci amongst their neighbours. However, they lost these lands to the Uraci after supporting the ill-fated early 1st Century BC anti-Roman uprisings in Celtiberia (the 4th Celtiberian War). Later during the Sertorian Wars, they sided with Quintus Sertorius and provided unspecified troops to his army.
Romanization
In the late 1st Century BC, the Pellendones were aggregated to the new Hispania Terraconensis province created by Emperor Augustus, who founded the Roman colony of Augustobriga (Muro de Ágreda) in their territory.
See also
Celtiberian confederacy
Celtiberian script
Celtiberian Wars
Illyrians
Numantine War
Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula
Notes
Bibliography
Ángel Montenegro et alii, Historia de España 2 - colonizaciones y formación de los pueblos prerromanos (1200-218 a.C), Editorial Gredos, Madrid (1989)
Francisco Burillo Mozota, Los Celtíberos, etnias y estados, Crítica, Barcelona (1998, revised edition 2007)
Further reading
Juan Pedro Benito Batanero, Carlos Tabernero Galán, Alberto Sanz Aragonés & Ramón Guillén López, Pelendones – castros célticos en la serranía norte de Soria: guía arqueológica, Asopiva y Proynerso, Soria (2006)
External links
http://www.celtiberiasoria.es
http://www.celtiberia.net
http://www.pelendonia.net
Pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula
Celtic tribes of the Iberian Peninsula
Ancient peoples of Spain
Hasanabad-e Mir Hashemi (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Mīr Hāshemī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Turcinești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cartiu, Horezu, Rugi and Turcinești.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
A lithospheric drip is a geological phenomenon in which a dense and relatively cold mass of lithosphere sinks into the more fluid upper mantle. The regions of descending material have been detected by seismic tomography methods and modeled as near vertically oriented cylindrical masses within the upper mantle. The lithospheric drip discovered below the Great Basin in central Nevada has dimensions of 100 km diameter by 500 km vertical length.
Another area underlain by a descending cylindrical mass of dense lithosphere has been reported in the southwestern Sierra Nevada and portions of the San Joaquin Valley of California. Here a 100 km by 225 km mass of relatively high density (fast p wave velocity) has been discovered below an area of anomalous topography.
References
Geological processes
Lithosphere
Despertar contigo (English title: Waking up with you) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Pedro Damián for Televisa. It is a free version of the Colombian telenovela Pobre Pablo. The series originally aired from August 8, 2016 to January 22, 2017
The series is starring Daniel Arenas as Pablo Herminio, Ela Velden as Maia Alcalá, Aura Cristina Geithner as Antonia and Enoc Leaño as Othón.
Plot
At a flower-growing convention, destiny brings together two young people whose love story begins when they meet. Maia and Pablo come from different social classes. Maia is Othón's oldest and only daughter after losing his son, Gael, in a house fire. Othón is one of the most important entrepreneurs of the flower cultivation and is heavily strict towards her. On the other hand, Pablo is part of the bodyguard squad of Antonia, the rival of Othón ... two people with many account slopes.
And it is because Antonia and Othón have known each other since they were young and do not miss a chance to hurt themselves, Antonia takes advantage of the meeting between Maia and Pablo to deceive Maia by saying that Pablo is one of the most important floriculturists of the country ... a lie whose purpose is not to hurt Maia, who does not care if Pablo is from a rich social class or not, but Othón, who is heavily strict towards Maia, wants her to be married to a wealthy man and would be actually more than destroyed if he knew that she loves a poor man.
But in addition, the love between Maia and Pablo is not only condemned by the entanglements that surround their encounter, but also by their former flames: Cindy and Federico. Cindy, who was Pablo's girlfriend in the past and calls him by his middle name, Herminio, comes back into his life, wanting Pablo back in a desperate and obsessive manner. Meanwhile, Federico is a junior who is with Maia for interest and wants to marry her with Othón's support (who believes that he is a millionaire). Both will do whatever they can to prevent a "stretched" and "naughty" from taking away, what they believe, belongs to them. With making things even worse for both Maia and Pablo, Maia turns out to be pregnant with Pablo's baby and decides to keep this a secret, by claiming that the baby is Federico's.
Bad blood, spite and jealousy are the condiments of this love story, which is born suddenly in the least expected place and tests the ingenuity and decision of Maia and Pablo.
Cast
Main
Daniel Arenas as Pablo Herminio Leal Bueno
Ela Velden as Maia Alcalá González
Aura Cristina Geithner as Antonia Santamaría
Enoc Leaño as Othón Alcalá
Secondary
Alejandro Calva as Rafael Reyna
Anna Ciocchetti as Cynthia Madrigal / Isaura Hidalgo de Reyna
Antonio De Carlo as Rogelio
Mara Cuevas as Carmen González de Alcalá
Arturo García Tenorio as Ismael
Leticia Huijara as Tulia Ventura
Rodrigo Murray as Eligio Vallejo
Sara Corrales as Cindy Reyna
Christian Chávez as Christian Leal
Estefanía Villarreal as Frida Díaz de la Vega
Daniel Tovar as Rodolfo Soler
Eloy Ganuza as Álvaro
Gonzalo Peña as Federico Villegas
Marcus Ornellas as Néstor
Lucas Bernabé as Wilson
Alejandro Valencia as Ferney
Roberta Damián as Jenny Paola Leal
Sebastián Poza as Abel
Isidora Vives as Rosalía
Claudia Acosta as Rufina
Luz Aldán as Flora
Armando Silvestre as Silvestre Leal
Guest
Claudio Báez as El Coronel
Maluma as Himself
Awards and nominations
References
Mexican telenovelas
Televisa telenovelas
2016 telenovelas
2016 Mexican television series debuts
2017 Mexican television series endings
Mexican television series based on Colombian television series
Spanish-language telenovelas
Vetaher Libenu (Purify Our Hearts), is a siddur published by the lay people of Congregation Beth El of the Sudbury River Valley, in Sudbury, Massachusetts, to serve the needs of that Reform Congregation. It is the first siddur to use non-sexist, inclusive language and to refer to God using feminine and masculine pronouns.
History
The first edition of Vetaher Libenu was published in 1975 by the lay people serving as the Ritual Committee of Congregation Beth El of the Sudbury River Valley, Sudbury, Massachusetts, led by C. Peter R. Gossels and Nancy Lee Gossels, its editors. This siddur was intended to fill “a gap between the forms of prayer that they desired, and the Union Prayer Book” used by Reform congregations at the time, by restoring much of the traditional liturgy and offering translations that tried to capture in English the meaning of the original Hebrew. The committee also included many original poems, meditations and prayers composed by people on the committee.
In 1979, the Ritual Committee decided to revise the entire siddur by "changing the masculine and feudal epithets for God [and] . . . to use language that would reestablish the dignity of women and have meaning for our children as well." According to the introduction in Vetaher Libenu, the committee used the Book of Genesis 1:27 as a proof text to use masculine and feminine pronouns when referring to God. This verse can be translated from Hebrew as, “And God created human kind in God's image; male and female God created them.”
The committee substituted neutral terms, such as “God,” Creator” and “Holy One,” for masculine metaphors “Lord” and “King.” The committee also introduced, for the first time, the matriarchs, Sarah, Rebekah, Rachel and Leah, into the liturgy, a practice adopted by all Reform siddurim since Vetaher Libenu's publication, as well as by some Conservative siddurim. The “most controversial change,” according to Nancy Gossels in a Boston Globe interview, “was the decision
to use feminine pronouns in the Psalms in order to broaden and enrich the awareness and understanding of God, who is neither male nor female.”
As stated by the siddur's editors in the Introduction, the committee was inspired by Martin Buber's I and Thou to compose liturgy that addressed God most often as "You," rather than "He" or "She," in order to encourage a more personal bond between the reader and his or her God.
Published in 1980, the second edition of Vetaher Libenu, edited by Nancy Lee Gossels, Joan S. Kaye, and C. Peter R. Gossels, was the first non-sexist Jewish prayer book ever published. In addition to the innovations described above, Nancy Lee Gossels and Joan S. Kaye revised the traditional Hebrew translation of or “Praised are You, Adonai our God, Ruler to the Universe,” to “Holy One of Blessing, Your Presence Fills Creation.” This invocation is now used by many Reform congregations. The book was copyrighted in 1980.
Religious significance
The publication of Vetaher Libenu was recognized as a significant event by The Wall Street Journal, which announced the news on its front page. Major newspapers in the United States and Canada ran articles describing the event. Publication of Vetaher Libenu and its historic contents was also announced and discussed on numerous TV and radio stations. Vetaher Libenu was reviewed in many publications, including: Worship 60, Sh'ma, Reform Judaism, Conservative Judaism, and Genesis 2.
Since 1980, Vetaher Libenu has been “reviewed, cited, studied, copied and used by thousands of theologians, journalists, and laypeople. The book has been reprinted more than 14 times, and “thousands of copies sold worldwide to Christians as well as Jews.”
Historical significance
Unlike traditional Jewish prayer books, a “rabbi was not part of the committee that created it.” The rabbi of Congregation Beth El, author Rabbi Lawrence Kushner, did not participate in the process to revise the prayer book.
Twenty percent of the orders for the Jewish prayer book have come from Christians.
The original poetry in Vetaher Libenu has been copied, translated and anthologized in books across the world and used at prayer services by Jews and Christians. Some of these books include: Sarah's Daughters Sing, Singing the Living Tradition, Esther erhebt hire Stimme, Kol HaNeshamah, Celebrating the New Moon, The Torah: A Woman's Commentary, and Gebete von und fur Frauen aus Geschichte und Gegenwart.
References
Jews and Judaism in Massachusetts
Reform Jewish feminism
Reform Judaism in the United States
Siddur versions
Wesleying is a blog dedicated to stories and news relating to student life at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut. All of its content is written by current Wesleyan undergraduates. As an early example of a campus-wide student blog, Wesleying provided inspiration to several other college blogs and local publications.
Founding
Wesleying was founded on August 23, 2006, by Xue Sun and Holly Wood, both members of the class of 2008. They intended to create an online space that brought together the Wesleyan community, which they considered fragmented at the time. "
One large part of Wesleying's mission is that the blog is not affiliated with the university in any official capacity. This idea has been a cornerstone of the blog since its development, as it allows students to voice concerns without administrative interference. It is also a virtue that separates it from many of its peer institutions' college blogs.
Wesleying Today
Wesleying tends to get anywhere from 7,000 to 9,000 views per day during the semester, hitting 10,000-12,000 views on extremely busy days. The most recent record number of views in one day was 16,748 on October 29, 2012. The most views for the blog in one day was 42,085 on May 6, 2009 when student Johanna Justin-Jinich was murdered inside the campus bookstore.
Over the years, Wesleying has grown into a new outlet for important or controversial Wesleyan events, as well as national or global emergencies. The blog covered an incident of Fountain Avenue in 2008 when police swarmed a party on the college campus; the 2009 on-campus shooting; the snowstorm that overtook New England during 2011; and the Newtown shooting in 2012. Claire Potter, blogger for the Chronicle of Higher Education and former Wesleyan professor, praised the Wesleying staff for their reporting on the 2009 shooting, calling it "smart, concise, non-sensational, and informative."
In 2012, Wesleying broke the news that Wesleyan would no longer be 100% need-blind for first-year domestic applicants, causing vocal protest among various students and alumni. The issue was later covered by The New York Times, NPR, the Associated Press, and other media outlets.
Subsequent leadership
After Sun and Wood graduated in 2008, Justin LaSelva '09 and Ashik Siddique '10 took over leadership roles of Wesleying. Once Siddique graduated, Zach Schonfeld '13 took over as the leader and editor of Wesleying after "casually inheriting" the blog from Siddique.
Recognition and influence
In 2007, Wesleying won the award for "Best Alternative Media Outlet" from The Paper Trail, a segment of the Education section of U.S. News & World Report, beating out blogs of much larger universities.
Several blogs have cited Wesleying as inspiration for their founding. The Middletown Eye reports that it "might never have opened, if it wasn't for the inspiration provided by the intrepid bloggers of Wesleying." MiddBlog, the campus blog for Middlebury College, also says under their mission statement that their "site was inspired by a student project called Wesleying at Wesleyan University"; Middlebury's newer event website Middbeat also cites Wesleying as a source of inspiration for the site. Additionally, Penn State blogger Davis Shaver says in The Student Newspaper Survival Guide that Wesleying served as inspiration for starting the blog Onward State.
The blog has been cited by several publications, including The New York Times, BuzzFeed, The Daily Beast, Gawker, Stereogum, Jezebel, Inside Higher Ed, MSN and other sources.
In April 2013, the blog's monthly page views exceeded 300,000 views.
References
External links
American student news websites
Internet properties established in 2006
Student newspapers published in Connecticut
Student organizations established in 2006
Wesleyan University people
Wesleyan University
2006 establishments in Connecticut
The pink-throated becard (Pachyramphus minor) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Description
The male is dusky brown with a dark pink throat.
Habitat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
pink-throated becard
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
pink-throated becard
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by René Lesson
McKinlay is an outback town and locality in McKinlay Shire, Queensland, Australia. In the , the locality of McKinlay had a population of 178 people.
Geography
McKinlay is in the Gulf Country in the remote north-west of Queensland, north west of the state capital Brisbane and south east of the regional centre of Mount Isa.
The town is located slightly north of the centre of the locality. The Landsborough Highway enters the locality from the east (Kynuna), passes through the town along Kirby Street, and exits to the north-west (Kuridala / Cloncurry).
The McKinlay River enters the locality from the south-west (Selwyn), flows immediately north-west of the town, exiting the locality to the north (Julia Creek) where it becomes a tributary of the Gilliart River, ultimately becoming a tributary of the Flinders River which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria.
History
McKinlay is named for the nearby McKinlay River—itself named for the Scottish explorer John McKinlay who was the first European to discover the river in 1861.
Gold was discovered in the area in 1872.
A letter receiving office was opened in 1883. Mackinlay Post Office opened on 1 April 1894 and was renamed McKinlay in 1909.
The town was surveyed and allotments sold in 1888.
Mackinlay State School opened on 5 July 1897. In 1934, the spelling of the name was changed to McKinlay State School. It closed in 1953 but reopened in January 1957. It closed permanently on 5 December 1986. It was on a site bounded by Poole Street, Wylde Street, and Kirby Street. The school building remains on the site as a community facility; it faces Wylde Street ().
The offices of the Shire of McKinlay were located in the town until 1930 when they were relocated to Julia Creek.
St Mary the Virgin's Anglican Church was officially opened and dedicated by Bishop John Feetham on Sunday 8 August 1937. The church building had been relocated from Kynuna where it had been previously used as a Roman Catholic church. It has now closed in McKinlay.
Our Lady of the Way Catholic Church was in Middleton Street. It opened in 1961, after being relocated from Julia Creek, where it had been St Abigail's Catholic Church. It has now closed in McKinlay.
In the , McKinlay had a population of 417 people.
In the , the locality of McKinlay had a population of 178 people.
Economy
South 32 Cannington mine, Australia's largest silver and lead mine, is west of McKinlay.
Education
There are no schools in McKinlay.
Amenities
McKinlay has a park and a small museum.
The Crafty Old School House (the former McKinlay State School) in Wylde Street is used for community events and can hire for private events. The school's tennis courts are also available for use.
The McKinlay Shire Council operates a public library at Middleton Street; it is claimed to be Queensland's smallest public library. It also serves as the town's Visitor Information Centre.
The McKinlay branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association has its rooms at 22 Middleton Street.
Regular services by the Uniting Church in Australia are held in the QCWA rooms. These are provided by the McKay Patrol, an aerial service of the Uniting Church in Australia that operates out of Cloncurry. Supported by other denominations, the McKay Patrol operates a Cessna 182Q aeroplane to provide spiritual and practical help to people living in remote areas in the north-west of Queensland and the eastern Tablelands of the Northern Territory, an area of approximately with a population of less than 10,000 people.
Attractions
The town is best known for the Walkabout Creek Hotel, featured in the movie Crocodile Dundee. The pub operates from the former McKinlay Shire Hall It has become a major tourism draw for the town and, when put up for sale in 2010, attracted worldwide interest.
References
External links
Town map of Mckinlay, 1969
Towns in Queensland
1888 establishments in Australia
Populated places established in 1888
Shire of Mckinlay
Localities in Queensland
Jupânești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Boia, Jupânești, Pârâu Boia, Vidin and Vierșani.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Lens is a genus of flowering plant in the legume family mostly known for its edible seeds, which are referred to as lentils. Lens contains four species of small, erect or climbing herbs with pinnate leaves, small inconspicuous white flowers, and small flattened pods. The lentil most commonly eaten is the seed of Lens culinaris.
Phylogeny
The genus Lens is generally divided into a few related "gene pool" groups that guide crossing. Wong et al., 2015 reports a SNP-derived phylogeny as:
The non-accepted names (per ILDIS) are suffixed with their accepted counterparts.
References
Fabeae
Fabaceae genera
Taxa named by Philip Miller
Teen Titans Go! is a comic book series that was published by DC Comics. It is based on the 2003 animated TV series Teen Titans, which is itself loosely based on the team that starred in the popular 1980s comic The New Teen Titans. The series was written by J. Torres with Todd Nauck and Larry Stucker as the regular illustrators. The series focuses on Robin, Raven, Starfire, Beast Boy, and Cyborg who are the main cast members of the TV series.
Also, the show is circled around other characters from other DC comics.
Style
Most issues were largely self-contained stories, and included a number of characters outside the core group of Robin, Raven, Starfire, Beast Boy, and Cyborg. Given that character licensing restrictions in DC comics are different from those on the show, J. Torres was able to include characters such as Wonder Girl who were not licensed for the TV show. Each issue contained riddles, sight gags, and jokes played out by super deformed characters outside the page margins.
The series was written to appeal to an all-ages audience that included pre-teen children, the primary audience of the TV series. However, regarding the target audience for the comic, J. Torres notes that:
Continuity with the animated series
While the comic's stories stand independently, its issues were done so as not to contradict events established in the animated series' episodes. Often, Teen Titans Go! also referenced episodes of the show, as well as expanding on parts of the series.
In #5, Raven has a pimple which turns into Trigon due to stress.
Issues #11 and #12 occur during Terra's time with the group, expanding on a flashback from "Aftershock Part 2."
In #26 and #40, the issues shows Jinx's time with both HIVE Five teams. Another instance is with Wonder Girl's appearance in the comics. Her appearance will refer to cameos that she made in Season 5 of the show.
Terra, or a schoolgirl who looks exactly like her, appears in a cameo in #34; her backstory and that of her brother Geo-Force is explored in #51. She also makes a cameo in #39 as a Roblox (T costume) and in a joke as the schoolgirl.
In many issues the writers have placed the goth boy from the dance club that talked with Raven in the episode "Sisters."
Although in issue # 16 ("Beauty and The Wildebeest") a chibi version of Goth (shown selling Chibi Raven candles from a store named DV8 as a parody of the word deviate) is shown with no eyebrows and long eyelashes on the left eye only (a possible A Clockwork Orange reference).
Issue #19 as the drummer of Johnny Rancid's band. His official name is never actually stated but he is referred to as Goth by most fans. In issue #19 he wears a shirt with the word "GOTH" printed on it.
In issue #42 it is revealed that he works in an arcade, where wears a name tag marked "GOTH BOY." It's not clear whether that is his real name, with "Goth" being his first name and "Boy" as his last name, or if it is merely his nickname. In Teen Titans Go!, his design has been changed: he no longer has elongated eyelashes on his left eye like he did in the cartoon; he has regular eyelashes. He also has thick eyebrows as opposed to no eyebrows as seen in the show. He also has thicker hair with hair on the sides and grayish purple eyes. In issue #42 when Raven's run loose on the city the purple which represents love/lust flirts with Goth while he is working at the arcade, embarrassing him in front of the other "cast members."
Issue #39 takes place after the movie Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo where Robin and Starfire have finally admitted their feelings for each other and have finally become a romantic couple.
Also, Torres mentioned in the letter pages of #34 that not all stories would be set in the present time. Some were even placed during season 1. An example of this was the first story in #40, which showed Jinx as part of the HIVE.
Issue guide
Collected editions
The series has been collected in trade paperbacks:
Characters that did not make an appearance in the TV series
Wonder Girl (Donna Troy)
Made a cameo in issue #34 ("The Great Race"); had her first full appearance in #36 ("Troy") where she helps the Titans against Blackfire's plot to sell all the female titans into slavery. She appears with the classic Teen Titans (Robin, Aqualad, Speedy, and Kid Flash) and their chibi-selves dress in their original costumes. She also makes an appearance in #39 ("Stupid Cupid") helping Cupid get his wings and arrows back from Larry, who has stolen them to make various Titans hook up with each other.
Wildfire (Ryand'r)
He made an appearance in issue #46 and was revealed to be the long-lost younger brother of Blackfire and Starfire. He had been sent away from home by his parents to protect him from the Gordanians and to preserve the royal family line. Everyone except Blackfire was heartbroken by this decision to send him away from home, and preserved the big secret to keep him safe. Blackfire was motivated into being a villain by jealousy of her younger siblings because Starfire was the favorite daughter for being prettier and kinder, and Wildfire was next in line for the throne after her father despite his absence. He supposedly returned to visit Starfire on Earth, but in the end he turned out to be Madame Rogue in disguise, it remains unclear how this was set up in the first place. When Starfire learns the truth that her brother hadn't truly returned, she figured that it was Blackfire behind the evil scheme. Starfire was so livid that her big sister would resort to pulling such a cruel stunt just to get rid of her and her friends, she cuts all family and sisterly ties with her and swears to find her little brother one day because "he is the only family she has left". Blackfire then looks down in her prison cell in a seemingly mournful way. It could be that she knows that Wildfire is still out there somewhere in the galaxy and may truly reunite with Starfire one day.
In the original comics, Wildfire is with a group of alien superheroes called the Omega Men. So in theory, he has been with them this whole time fighting against The Citadel as mentioned by Starfire in the Teen Titans origin episode "Go!", as well as other forces of evil across the galaxy. His current whereabouts remain unknown and it also remains unknown as of now if Starfire will reunite with Wildfire someday.
Animal-Vegetable-Mineral Man
Had a cameo appearance in issue #28. The Doom Patrol discusses a battle they (along with a younger Beast Boy) had with Animal-Vegetable-Mineral Man. He makes a full appearance on page 10, which itself is based on the cover of the Greatest Adventure comic.
Sarah Simms
Sarah's character in Teen Titans Go! to has appeared in many issues starting with the third issue #3 ("Lame") where she was playing baseball with a group of children who have prosthetic limbs and her group of encouraged Cyborg when he was depressed after a kid called him lame. Cy and Sarah both were very attracted to each other. As the Titans were leaving, she told Cy to call her. Sarah appeared in issue #13 ("What Time Is It, Mr. Wolf") where she was trick-or-treating with Cy and the same group of children though their date was cut short when Cy needed to help control Mr. Wolf.
Sarah appeared in #20 ("Secret Moves") where her date with Cyborg was cut short once again. In #27 ("Love is A Battlefield") she and Jinx fight over Cyborg, but the comic ends with both leaving him due to a confusion when he is possessed by Overload. Sarah returned to Cyborg in #39 ("Stupid Cupid"), where she and Cyborg went on a double date with Starfire and Robin. In #45 she, Beast Boy, and Cyborg supervise the handicapped children on a camping trip that Cyborg agreed to do prior to their break up. In the first part of the story, Beast Boy tells his origin to Sarah and the kids by the campfire. The second part has Cyborg talking to Sarah and tells her about his life before to joining the Titans. Sarah explained that she left him because she thought that he didn't care, due to Cyborg never telling her when he would be out on missions for weeks. Cy says he should have been more considerate and open with her and then tells her his origin. After, he tells her that she saw past his cybernetic parts and understood him and he could relate with her. He also says that they met in another life (a reference to Sarasim in the episode "Cyborg the Barbarian"). He asks her if she'd give him a second chance and she tells him that she'll be attending college soon, and Cyborg promises her he'll keep in touch through cellphone, e-mail, text, or even smoke signals (he calls himself as a walking communication center). Sarah happily agrees to make up, and the two hug. Cy happily tells Sarah that he thinks Robin can get a T-communicator for her. The story ends with them embracing, and Beast Boy teasing them like he did in the issue they met.
Justice League (Cameo)
Teen Titans Go! #45 has Beast Boy relating his origin to some children at camp, though he goes outside the facts a few times, such as claiming to have been in the Justice League. The members who appear in his fantasy are: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter, Hawkgirl, Supergirl, Captain Atom, Captain Marvel, Green Arrow, Plastic Man, Mary Marvel, Aquaman, Atom, Black Canary and Zatanna.
Batman narrates Dick Grayson/Robin's origin in Teen Titans Go! #47, though he does not appear until the last page of the story.
Kimiyo Hoshi/Doctor Light
In an attempt at helping Kilowat to return to his home dimension, The Titans end up in a reality which is home to the Teen Tyrants (Their evil counterparts). They are aided in the fight against The Tyrants by The Brotherhood of Justice (counterparts to The Brotherhood of Evil). Among The Brotherhood is Kimiyo Hoshi/Doctor Light.
Rose Wilson (as the Ravager)
She comes to Jump City in issue #49 and announces herself as Slade's daughter, intending to claim his possessions and carry on his battle against the Titans. However, they convince her that she can make her own choices in life; she then accepts their invitation to stay with them while she sorts everything out.
Geo-Force
He storms into Jump City in issue #51, looking for his sister Terra. Once the Titans calm him down, they learn of the pair's childhood in Markovia and the experiments that gave them their powers. From a distance, he sees Terra on the Murakami School campus. Satisfied that she appears to be happier than she ever was as a child, he leaves without talking to her.
Robby Reed
This version of the character unknowingly drew his powers from other heroes who were close by. After discovering the source of his powers, Robby gave up his dial and signed up for Cyborg's New Teen Titan's Training program. His identities in the issue were:
Changeling- The powers came from Beast Boy.
Lagoon Boy- The powers came from Aqualad.
Jesse Quick- The powers came from Kid Flash.
Power Boy- The powers came from Wonder Girl.
The Protector- The powers came from Robin.
Cassie Sandsmark
She appears in #54, styling herself as a replacement for Wonder Girl. Her powers (strength, speed, flying) come from two stolen artifacts, the Gauntlet of Atlas and the Sandals of Hermes. She barges into an athletic tournament on Paradise Island, intending to challenge Wonder Girl one-on-one, but ends up saving her from an assault by Trident instead. At the issue's end, she is offered a chance to join the Titans' training program, once her mother is through punishing her for stealing the artifacts.
Cassie has a brief appearance in #55, catching Cyborg off guard with a surprise attack in what turns out to be a very bad dream.
Teen Tyrants
The villainous group from the anti-Matter universe who parallel the titans are known as the "Young Offenders", they work for the Crime Syndicate of America and are mentioned in JLA #109. Exactly the way the Crime Syndicate of America is the evil version of the Justice League is likewise how the Young Offenders are the evil analogs of the Teen Titans. They make their appearance in issue #48 of Teen Titans Go under the name "The Teen Tyrants" (whether this parallel universe is the Anti-Matter universe, Earth-3 or a different world all together is not made clear). The roster consists of Red Robin (the parallel Earth counterpart of Dick Grayson and not the actual character), Tempest (the parallel Earth counterpart of Aqualad), Arsenal (The parallel Earth counterpart of Speedy), Red Raven (the parallel Earth counterpart of Raven) and Blackfire (the parallel Earth counterpart of Starfire and not the actual character) it is mentioned by Cyborg an evil counterpart to Beast Boy must exist on the parallel earth though never actually makes an onscreen appearance, in the New 52 Grid is the analog to Cyborg. Their costumes are all colored with black and red to show their violent, criminal corrupt nature and willingness to kill. There appearances are similar to their counterparts with a few differences. Red Robin's eyes are red and a red version of his counterparts costume from (albeit with a large grey "R" across his chest), Tempest wears a costume that his counterpart wears much later, has a hook in place of his left hand and has shorter hair, Arsenal' has an "A" on his belt buckle and he has a goatee and Aqualad's hairstyle, Red Raven wears a (obviously) red version of her counterparts costume and has pink hair and Blackfire wears red in place of where Starfire would where purple and has black hair. Unlike the Teen Titans they are loosely partnered and are willing to betray each other for personal gain as Blackfire betrays the rest of her team in the end for the brotherhood of justice (the parallel earth's heroic version of the Brotherhood of Evil); in the Justice League comics they are called brats by the Crime Syndicate possibly hinting at how their partnership is based on selfishness rather than loyalty this is implied in Teen Titans Go when Blackfire is shown to be a double agent.
See also
List of comics based on television programs
References
Comics based on television series
Arrington is a census-designated place (CDP) in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 708. Harmony Hill Bed and Breakfast is the only lodging location in Arrington, run by innkeepers Wendie and Jay Fines.
Mitchell's Brick House Tavern was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Arrington has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
References
Virginia Trend Report 2: State and Complete Places (Sub-state 2010 Census Data)
Census-designated places in Nelson County, Virginia
Sean Taylor (born May 2, 1968) is an American comic book and short story writer, perhaps best known for his run on Gene Simmons Dominatrix published by IDW Publishing.
Biography
Taylor grew up and lived all his life in the state of Georgia, U.S.A, and he has applied that sense of Southern 'magical realism' to his writing. He began writing creating articles for trade magazines and stringing for his local paper The Alpharetta Revue.
Cyber Age Adventures
In 1999, Taylor got a job as the first staff writer for the online zine Cyber Age Adventures. While there, he soon became the Vice President of Editorial and oversaw the publication or two prose anthologies from the magazine's stories, A Private Little Corner of the Universe and Playing Solitaire. In 2011, he published a collection of all of his Cyber Age stories called Show Me A Hero, highly recommended by comics and prose pros from Marvel Comics editor Tom Brevoort to Black Lightning creator Tony Isabella.
Shooting Star Comics
In 2001, Taylor connected with other comic book writing hopefuls and helped to form the indie publisher Shooting Star Comics. Shooting Star published a quarterly anthology comic book called The Shooting Star Comics Anthology, which debuted characters including Aym Geronimo, Yellow Jacket Man of Mystery, Bed Bug, Nick Landime, and others. Taylor's own creation that ran regularly in that anthology, Fishnet Angel, originally appeared in prose in Cyber Age Adventures magazine online. In 2007, Shooting Star Comics dissolved as a company.
IDW and Gene Simmons
In 2006, Taylor signed on with IDW Publishing, publisher of comics such as 30 Days of Night and Transformers to be the writer for the flagship book of the new Simmons Comics Group, created by KISS member Gene Simmons. The series told the adventures of Dominque Stern, a professional dominatrix who becomes a pawn in a CIA adventure that has possible roots in alien technology. Simmons described the book as "CIA meets TNA" though Taylor wrote in an afterword for the trade paperback edition that he always envisioned the series as "Mary Tyler Moore meets Crimes of Passion." The book ran for 6 issues and was collected as a trade paperback in 2008.
While at IDW Taylor also contributed the story "Nymph" for the Simmons Comics Group publication Gene Simmons House of Horrors.
Other Work
Taylor has announced at his website (www.taylorverse.com) that he is officially working on an original sequel to the works of H.G. Wells called A Stitch in Time, which will tie into The Time Machine, The Invisible Man, The Food of the Gods, and The War of the Worlds; with artist George Pitcher. He has also announced that he is doing gender-twisted crime comic called Quinn: The Reckoning for Markosia Publishing with Jetta: Tales of the Toshigawa artist Martheus Wade.
Bibliography
His work includes:
Comics
Shooting Star Comics Anthology #1–6, 2002–2005, published by Shooting Star Comics
Fishnet Angel: Jane Doe #1–2, 2005, published by Shooting Star Comics
"Nymph," Gene Simmons House of Horrors #1, IDW Publishing, 2007
"Nymph," reprinted in Gene Simmons House of Horrors Trade Paperback, IDW Publishing, 2007
Gene Simmons Dominatrix #1–6, IDW Publishing, 2007–2008
Gene Simmons Dominatrix Trade Paperback, IDW Publishing, 2008
The Invisible Man graphic novel adaptation, Campfire Publishing, 2009
The Tantalizing Ti-Girl, Mini-Komix, 2010
Short Story Collections and Anthologies
Show Me A Hero
Published by New Babel Books, 2011
Zombiesque
Published by Daw Books, 2011, featuring his story "Posthumous"
Classics Mutilated
Published by IDW Publishing, 2010, featuring his story "The Fairest of Them All (A Symphony of Revenge)
A Private Little Corner of the Universe
Published by Cyber Age Adventures Press, 2000, features a section of his work for the Cyber Age Adventures zine
Playing Solitaire
Published by Cyber Age Adventures Press, 2000, stories edited and selected by Sean Taylor from the Cyber Age Adventures zine
O' Georgia! A Collection of Georgia's Newest and Most Promising Writers Volume 3
Features the stories "Erosion" and "No Man Is"
O' Georgia! A Collection of Georgia's Newest and Most Promising Writers Volume 2
Features the story "Cherry Hill" and the poems "Gomer" and "Old Fall"
Nonfiction
Warts and All: Comics Scripts and Tutorials
Self-published, 2009
Currently only sold at conventions as a signed and numbered limited edition
Role-Playing Games
The Gotham City Sourcebook
Published by West End Games/D6 Legend, 2000
Wrote the bios and histories for several of the Batman and Gotham City primary and supporting cast for this role playing game sourcebook
Notes
External links
1968 births
American comics writers
American graphic novelists
Living people
Novelists from Georgia (U.S. state)
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male novelists
District 20 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Marion and Polk counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Paul Evans of Monmouth.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Marion County, Oregon
Polk County, Oregon
Erran Baron Cohen Presents: Songs in the key Of Hanukkah is a studio album by British singer Erran Baron Cohen. It was fully released on 13 April 2010 through WaterTower Records and distributed by New Line Records. The album features guest appearances from Idan Raichel, Jules Brookes, Yasmin Levy, and Y-Love. It was supported by eleven singles: "Dreidel", "Hanukkah, Oh Hanukkah", "Ocho Kandalikas". The album received generally positive reviews from critics.
Background
Baron Cohen stated in an interview with NPR at the time of the album's release of the background of his album, "I remember from my childhood, listening to Hanukkah songs at home and listening to these children singing slightly out of key and some wonky old piano player to make a terrible record. The idea was to create a new concept in Jewish holiday music, something that everybody would enjoy listening to." Baron Cohen also expressed a desire to highlight the sometimes overlooked tragedy and historical background behind the holiday, stating "It's quite a sad story, but also quite hopeful, it's about coming out of oppression, fighting tyranny, which are universal things that are very relevant for today.".
Track listing
"Hanukkah, Oh Hanukkah"
"Dreidel"
"Ocho Kandalikas"
"Spin It Up"
"Look to the Light"
"Rock of Ages"
"Relics of Love and Light"
"A la Luz de la Vela (In the Light of the Candle"
"My Hanukkah (Keep the Fire Alive)"
Ma'oz Tzur
"Dreidel" (remix)
References
Hanukkah music
Jewish music albums
Erran Baron Cohen albums
2010 albums
Bellard's formula is used to calculate the nth digit of π in base 16.
Bellard's formula was discovered by Fabrice Bellard in 1997. It is about 43% faster than the Bailey–Borwein–Plouffe formula (discovered in 1995). It has been used in PiHex, the now-completed distributed computing project.
One important application is verifying computations of all digits of pi performed by other means. Rather than having to compute all of the digits twice by two separate algorithms to ensure that a computation is correct, the final digits of a very long all-digits computation can be verified by the much faster Bellard's formula.
Formula:
Notes
External links
Fabrice Bellard's PI page
PiHex web site
David Bailey, Peter Borwein, and Simon Plouffe's BBP formula (On the rapid computation of various polylogarithmic constants) (PDF)
Distributed computing projects
Pi algorithms
1997 introductions
The 2012 Asian Air Gun Championships were held in Nanchang, China between December 12 and December 18, 2012.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
References
General
ISSF Results Overview
Specific
External links
Official Results
Asian Shooting Championships
Asian
Shooting
2012 in Chinese sport
Shooting competitions in China
Sport in Nanchang
Thirumalai Engineering College is an engineering college located in Kilambi, Kanchipuram, Tamil Nadu, India. The college is affiliated with Anna University, Chennai.
History
Thirumalai Engineering College was established in 1999. The college is approved by the India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and affiliated with Anna University, Chennai. The college provide bachelor degree courses and diploma courses in engineering.
Facilities
Laboratories
Computer Center
Library
Auditorium
Hostel
Transport facilities
Sports Complex
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Chennai
Colleges affiliated to Anna University
Educational institutions established in 1999
Kanchipuram
1999 establishments in Tamil Nadu
UDPGT may refer to:
Glucuronosyltransferase, an enzyme
UDP glucuronosyltransferase 1 family, polypeptide A1, an enzyme
Charles D. Luce (April 6, 1820October 11, 1887) was a Michigan politician.
Early life
Charles D. Luce was born on April 6, 1820 in Arcadia, New York. Charles was the fifth of twelve children between Joseph Luce and Betsey Soverhill. As a boy, he helped work on his parents' farm, and excelled in his district school. In 1846, Charles moved to Jefferson Township, Hillsdale County, Michigan where he bought land. The land was initially undeveloped, but Charles constructed a farm there. He lived there until at least 1879.
Career
Luce held many local offices in Jefferson Township. From 1851 to 1852, Luce served as supervisor of the township. In 1854, Luce served as a justice of the peace. From 1858 to 1859, he served as town treasurer. In 1860, Luce served as supervisor again. From 1865 to 1866, he served as town treasurer again. In 1867, he served as highway commissioner. In 1869 to 1871, Luce served again as supervisor. In the 1870's, Luce held the position of Farmers' Mutual Fire Insurance Company. On November 5, 1872, Luce was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives where he represented the Hillsdale County 3rd district from January 1, 1873 to December 31, 1874. From 1874 to 1877, Luce served his final terms as Jefferson Township supervisor.
Personal life
In February 1850, Charles D. Luce married Miss Sylvia R. Brown. Together, they had one son, Ernest M. Luce. He was born in December 1850, in Erie County, Pennsylvania.
Death
Luce died on October 11, 1887 in Jefferson Township.
References
1820 births
1887 deaths
American justices of the peace
City and town treasurers in the United States
Farmers from Michigan
Farmers from New York (state)
People from Wayne County, New York
People from Hillsdale County, Michigan
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Republicans
19th-century American judges
19th-century American politicians
Eva Kiss-Györi (born 21 February 1966) is a German handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Budapest
20th-century German women
21st-century German women
The 2021–22 season was the 88th season in the existence of Granada CF and the club's third consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football. In addition to the domestic league, Granada participated in this season's edition of the Copa del Rey.
Players
First-team squad
Reserve team
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 30 June 2021.
Copa del Rey
Statistics
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Granada CF seasons
Granada CF
Esther Danilovna Epstein (born May 10, 1954) is a United States chess player and systems manager, who has won the U.S. Women's Chess Champion in 1991 and 1997. She holds a Woman International Master title.
Still in the USSR, Epstein was the USSR Women's Vice-Champion in 1976. She has played for the U.S. Women's Olympiad team four times.
She is married to chess grandmaster Alexander Ivanov.
References
External links
Another page on Esther Epstein at the US Chess Federation.
Epstein page at the US Chess Federation
Interview With Esther Epstein
American chess players
Jewish chess players
Chess Woman International Masters
1954 births
Living people
American sportswomen
21st-century American women
Linares () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and most populous center is the city of Linares.
Administration
As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division of Chile, governed by a provincial delegate who is appointed by the president. The provincial delegate is Priscila González Carrillo, a Communist.
Communes
The province comprises eight communes, each governed by a municipality consisting of an alcalde and municipal council.
Linares (the provincial capital)
San Javier
Villa Alegre
Yerbas Buenas
Colbún
Longaví
Retiro
Parral
Geography and demography
The province is located at the very center of mainland Chile, and its capital lies 303 km south of Santiago and 50 km south of Talca, the regional capital, in the middle of a rich agricultural and wine-growing area.
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute (INE), the province spans an area of and had a population of 270,990 inhabitants (127,063 men and 126,927 women), giving it a population density of . Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 3.1% (7,699 persons). Forty five percent of the population of the province live in rural areas, as compared with 33% in the Maule Region and 13% in Chile as a whole. This characteristic gives Linares a special cultural and socioeconomic profile among the Chilean provinces.
Climate
Linares has a mild Mediterranean climate. The summers are hot and mainly dry (November to March) with temperatures reaching up to 32 degrees Celsius on the hottest days. The winters (late May to mid September) tend to be rather humid and rainy, with typical maximum daily temperatures of 15 degrees Celsius, and minimum just above freezing. The rainfall is more abundant in the eastern as well as the southern part of the province (Parral), and the effects of this are seen in the good conditions for rice cultivation in the latter area. Irrigation is used to a large extent.
Economy
Thanks to favorable climatic conditions and good natural irrigation, the province of Linares has been able to diversify its agriculture. Also, the wine making industry has been making inroads in both national and international markets. The province's major and more profitable crops include cereals (rice, wheat, and maize among them), vegetables (tomatoes, cauliflower, lettuce, onions, and artichokes), legumes (lentils and beans), fruit (especially kiwi fruit, pears, apples, berries, table grapes, melons, watermelons, peaches, and nectarines), and sugar beets. Several varieties of wine are produced in the province, which is part of the Maule Valley, a sub-region of the viticultural region of the Chilean Central Valley.
Linares produces 74% of the Chilean rice crop, particularly in the area around Parral. The province exports wines, table grapes, kiwi fruit, berries, and several other agricultural products. The city of Linares is an important center of the Chilean sugar-beet industry.
Culture
A remarkable number of writers, poets and, in general, intellectuals (see below) have been born in the province of Linares. Among them is Pablo Neruda, the famous poet and Nobel prize-winner, who was born in the city of Parral. Also, the province of Linares is home to some of the best folklore in Chile, and one of its most famous folklorists is Margot Loyola Palacios, noted singer, composer and folklore researcher and erudite. There are many active folklore groups in the province.
Notable people born in the province of Linares
Pablo Neruda, famous poet and Nobel Prize winner, born in Parral, Linares Province
Juan Ignacio Molina (Abate Molina), a Chilean priest and naturalist.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, Army General and twice the President of Chile;
Arturo Alessandri Palma, politician, statesman and twice the President of Chile
Valentin Letelier, educator, writer and politician
Margot Loyola Palacios, noted folk musician and researcher
Edilberto Domarchi Villagra, writer and poet
Manuel Francisco Mesa Seco, writer and poet
Eduardo Anguita, writer
Rubén Campos Aragón, poet
Max Jara, writer
Jerónimo Lagos Lisboa, writer and poet
Villages
Abránquil
References
External links
Provinces of Maule Region
Provinces of Chile
Svenja Voigt (born 29 March 2004) is a German ice hockey player and member of the German national team, currently playing in the North American Junior Women's Hockey League (JWHL) with the Stanstead College Spartans. She represented Germany at the 2021 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Playing career
Voigt started playing ice hockey at age 7 with the youth department of the Kölner Eishockey-Club (KEC) in her home city of Cologne (), Germany. She played with KEC teams throughout her childhood and made a one-game appearance with the secondary team of the Kölner EC Frauen in the during the 2017–18 season. In addition to playing at elite club level, Voigt was also chosen to the Germany Selects under-14 teams for the World Selects Invitational U14 tournaments in 2016 and 2017, and the Germany Selects U18 team for the World Selects Invitational U18 tournament in 2019.
In the fall of 2019, Voigt began attending Stanstead College, an independent day and boarding school in Stanstead, Quebec, Canada, known for its varsity ice hockey program. She immediately began playing with the Stanstead Spartans girls' varsity ice hockey program in the North American Prep Hockey Association (NAPHA). In her first season at Stanstead College, the team won the NAPHA championship.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Stanstead College ice hockey teams did not to participate in the 2020–21 season. Voigt played the 2021–22 season with the Spartans in the NAPHA and JWHL.
International play
Voigt made her IIHF U18 Women's World Championship debut with the German national under-18 team at the Division I Group A tournament of the 2020 IIHF U18 Women's World Championship in Landshut, Germany. She contributed a goal and an assist in three games played as Germany claimed their first gold medal at the Division I Group A level and gained promotion to the Top Division. A week later, she joined the German U16 team in the girls' ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland. She led the team in scoring, netting two of Germany's three goals in the tournament – the third goal was scored by Katharina Häckelsmiller.
Following the March 2020 to July 2021 period during which women's international ice hockey play was halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Voigt made her debut with the German senior national team at the 2021 IIHF Women's World Championship in Calgary, Canada. She did not record a point in the tournament as Germany finished in eighth place.
Statistics
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in Canada
German women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
Sportspeople from Cologne
Stanstead College alumni
Dowlatabad (, also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Fred Keating may refer to:
Frederick Keating (1859–1928), Catholic bishop
Fred Keating (magician) (1901-1961), American magician and film actor
Fred Keating (actor) (b. 1949), Canadian-American television and film actor
Turbott's weevil (Anagotus turbotti) is a weevil that is endemic to New Zealand. It has been found on the Hen and Chicken Islands, the Poor Knights Islands and the Three Kings Islands.
Taxonomy
New Zealand entomologist Donald Spiller first described and named this species in 1942, based on two specimens collected by E. G. Turbott from the Poor Knights Islands, in November 1940. Anagotus turbotti was named in honour of its collector.
Description
Turbott's weevil is one of the largest and most colourful of New Zealand's endemic weevils. This species is flightless and ranges in length from 18-25mm. It has conspicuous white markings and obvious tubercles.
Life cycle
The larvae of Turbott's weevils are wood borers and have been discovered in several different tree species. However they are most commonly found in ngaio and karaka trees.
Distribution and habitat
The locality from which the type specimen of this species was collected is the island of Aorangi. As well as the Poor Knights Islands, Turbott's weevil can also be found on the Three Kings Islands and on Muriwhenua of the Hen and Chicken Islands. Adult beetles have been collected from Myoporum laetum and Corynocarpus laevigatus.
Behaviour
Adult weevils are active both day and night and have been observed consuming the leaves of the ngaio tree.
Predation
The Turbott's weevil is prone to rat predation. This is due to it being large and slow moving. The extinction of its sister species, Anagotus stephenensis from the mainland was probably due to rat predation. The Turbott's weevil was probably more widespread historically, but is now only found on predator-free islands.
Conservation status and efforts
In September 2006 the Department of Conservation translocated 30 Turbott's weevils from Muriwhenua Island to Lady Alice Island, a predator free Island also in the Hen and Chicken Islands group. This was done in the hope that they would become established on that Island. To assist with their establishment the weevils were placed inside cages situated in West Bay containing tree species the weevils are known to consume.
Turbott's weevil are protected under Schedule 7 of The 1953 Wildlife Act, making it an offense to hunt, kill or possess a specimen.
References
External links
The New Zealand Organisms register entry for Anagotus turbotti
Cyclominae
Beetles of New Zealand
Three Kings Islands
Beetles described in 1942
The Vogelkop whistler (Pachycephala meyeri) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Alternate names for the Vogelkop whistler include the grey-crowned whistler and Meyer's whistler.
References
Vogelkop whistler
Birds of the Doberai Peninsula
Vogelkop whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of cathedrals in the state of Texas, United States:
See also
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
Texas
Cathedrals in Texas
Texas
Cathedrals
Afioga Lesatele Rapi (died December 1979) was a Western Samoan chief and politician. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly and served in the cabinet three times between 1967 and his death.
Biography
Rapi was elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 1957 elections. He was a member of the 1960 Constitutional Assembly and a signatory of the independence constitution. He was re-elected in 1961 and ran unopposed in the 1964 elections. After being re-elected unopposed again in the 1967 elections he was appointed Minister for Works and Transport by Prime Minister Fiame Mata'afa. Despite being re-elected unopposed in the 1970 elections, he was left out of the cabinet of new Prime Minister Tupua Tamasese.
Mata'afa returned as Prime Minister following the 1973 elections and Rapi was appointed Minister of Lands. Returned unopposed again in 1976, he was not included in the new government of Tupuola Efi. However, he returned as Minister of Lands and Survey following the February 1979 elections; prior to his appointment to the cabinet he had voted for Efi and against his brother Va'ai Kolone in the vote for Prime Minister, which Efi won by a single vote.
He died in the national hospital in December 1979 after collapsing outside the Legislative Assembly, survived by his wife Tiresa and twelve children.
References
Samoan chiefs
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Government ministers of Samoa
1979 deaths
Smash is a brand of Instant mashed potatoes in the United Kingdom. It was launched in the United Kingdom in the 1960s by Cadbury, which was primarily a manufacturer of confectionery at the time. Smash was reasonably successful.
However, it was not until 1974 that Smash became popular in the convenience food market after Cadbury launched an advertising campaign by agency Boase Massimi Pollitt featuring the Smash Martians, who would watch humans preparing mashed potato the traditional way on television instead of using potato granules, and laugh at them.
The adverts of 1970s and their catchphrase, 'For Mash get Smash', were voted television advert of the century by Campaign Magazine, and second-best television advert of all time in a poll of April 2000 conducted by The Sunday Times and Channel 4, beaten by Guinness' Surfer advertisement from 1999.
The brand has since been sold by Cadbury and is now owned by Premier Foods who, using their Batchelors brand, launched a 'healthier recipe' version in 2006.
Accolades
The original 1970s advertisements have been featured in several "best ever television advertisements" lists.
References
External links
Premier Foods' list of brands
Cadbury brands
Potatoes
Premier Foods brands
Instant foods and drinks
LIVERight is the first 5K run/walk to raise awareness about hepatitis B and liver cancer.
The goal of LIVERight was not only to raise money for outreach efforts, but more importantly to educate and increase awareness of this pressing public health issue. Educational displays, informational booths and of course signs were unique and significant components to the event. The education allowed participants to learn more about hepatitis B prevention and treatment, as well as hear the real stories about the lives lost and won to liver cancer.
About LIVERight
The LIVERight concept began at the 2nd annual Youth Leadership Conference on Asian and Pacific Islander Health in 2004, a CDC funded event organized by the Asian Liver Center at Stanford University. High school students were given a Team Challenge to create a campaign/event for raising awareness about hepatitis B, and LIVERight was born. The words "Liver" and "Right" together emphasize the importance of liver health. From this concept, LIVERight bracelets and the LIVERight 5K run/walk emerged.
Adrian Elkins inspired the Asian Liver Center at Stanford University to start LIVERight, a 5K Run/Walk to raise awareness about hepatitis B and liver cancer in the Asian Pacific Islander community.
On 30 April 2005 in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, the Asian Liver Center and the Answer to Cancer Foundation hosted LIVERight.
On 11 November 2006, the 2nd annual LIVERight on the go! was held at Stanford's Sand Hill Fields. The community event had 700 registered participants and 100 volunteers, and raised over $135,000.
LIVERight '09 was held on Saturday, May 2, 2009 at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, California. Over 400 runners registered and raised over $100,000 to fight liver cancer and hepatitis B.
In November 2010, LIVERight returns to Stanford University with the hottest new dance fitness craze that's taking over the world. Fusing hypnotic Latin rhythms with easy to follow dance moves, Zumba Fitness is a Latin-inspired cardio dance fitness workout. The LIVERight Zumbathon at Stanford will be held on Saturday, November 13, 2010 in partnership with the Asian Liver Center at Stanford University, Answer to Cancer, Be Well @ Stanford and the Stanford Department of Physical Education. Zumba is all about having fun and no experience is necessary. This family-friendly event is open to the public and all of the Stanford community. As in the past, donations benefit the Jade Ribbon Campaign and the fight against liver cancer. Enthusiastic Zumba Fitness Instructors, prizes and games, and two hours of Latin rhythms will keep participants sweating and having fun.
Answer to Cancer
The Answer to Cancer (A2C) run was founded by Adrian Elkins, a 20-year-old student at Southern Oregon University who was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2002. Had he known during his childhood that his ethnicity and chronic hepatitis B infection increased his chance of developing liver cancer by 100%, he would have been regularly monitored for liver damage. He had no idea that hepatitis B—a disease he contracted at birth in Calcutta, India—causes 80% of the world's liver cancer cases. Adrian battled his disease for ten months, working tirelessly to organize an event to raise money for liver cancer research. Adrian saw the first-ever A2C run take place on 8 August 2003. Thanks to the generous support of friends, families and numerous companies, the 2003 Answer to Cancer Race was able to raise more than $20,000 for three charities and reach out to more than 240 participants. Adrian died only eight days after this first race.
References
External links
Asian Liver Center
LIVERight Outreach
Health-related fundraisers
Cancer fundraisers
Swami ( ; sometimes abbreviated sw.) in Hinduism is an honorific title given to a male or female ascetic who has chosen the path of renunciation (sannyāsa), or has been initiated into a religious monastic order of Vaishnavas. It is used either before or after the subject's name (usually an adopted religious name).
The meaning of the Sanskrit root of the word swami is "[he who is] one with his self" ( stands for "self"), and can roughly be translated as "he/she who knows and is master of himself/herself". The term is often attributed to someone who has achieved mastery of a particular yogic system or demonstrated profound devotion (bhakti) to one or more Hindu gods. The Oxford English Dictionary gives the etymology as:
As a direct form of address, or as a stand-in for a swami's name, it is often rendered Swamiji (also Swami-ji or Swami Ji).
In modern Gaudiya Vaishnavism, Swami is also one of the 108 names for a sannyasi given in Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati's Gaudiya Kanthahara, along with Goswami, also traditionally used as an honorific title.
Swami is also the surname of the Bairagi caste in Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, and Rajasthan. In Bengali, the word (pronounced ), while carrying its original meaning, also has the meaning of "husband" in another context. The word also means "husband" in Malay, in which it is spelled , and in Khmer, Assamese and Odiya. The Thai word for "husband", () or (), and the Tagalog word for "spouse", , are cognate words.
See also
Dashanami Sampradaya
References
Honorifics
Indian culture
Sanskrit words and phrases
Titles and occupations in Hinduism
For chromosome 20, R-spondin 4 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the RSPO4 gene.
This gene encodes a member of the R-spondin family of proteins that share a common domain organization consisting of a signal peptide, cysteine-rich/furin-like domain, thrombospondin domain and a C-terminal basic region. The encoded protein may be involved in activation of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathways. Mutations in this gene are associated with anonychia congenita. Alternate splicing results in multiple transcript variants.[provided by RefSeq, Sep 2009].
References
Further reading
Genes on human chromosome 20
Glycoproteins
Extracellular matrix proteins
Arturo Colombi (born January 6, 1958) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician, and former governor of Corrientes Province.
Born in Mercedes, Corrientes, and educated at the National University of the Northeast with a degree in civil engineering, Colombi served as provincial Minister of Public Works in the administration of then-governor, his cousin Ricardo Colombi. He was elected governor of the province in 2005, when Ricardo Colombi resigned to stand for a seat in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
Colombi was a leading UCR supporter of Peronist President Néstor Kirchner, and led the Frente de Todos (1996 coalition) coalition between the UCR and justicialists in the October 2005 elections, supported by Kirchner. In 2007, he successfully led the Corrientes Province party list supported by presidential candidate Cristina Fernández de Kirchner in elections to congressional seats, but was opposed by his cousin and former ally, Ricardo Colombi.
Like his ally, Vice-President Julio Cobos, Colombi became estranged from the Kirchners during the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector. His bid to for re-election as governor in 2009 was in opposition to both Kirchnerism and to the UCR, which nominated Ricardo Colombi. Amid both family and political acrimony, the latter won the election in the second round, and Arturo Colombi left office without attending his successor's inaugural.
External links
Corrientes Province (Spanish)
Campaign website (Spanish)
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Mercedes, Corrientes
Argentine people of Italian descent
Radical Civic Union politicians
Governors of Corrientes Province
Argentine civil engineers
National University of the Northeast alumni
Carenum anthracinum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
anthracinum
Beetles described in 1864
George Edmond Mulholland (May 10, 1904 – April 2, 1971) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born and died Indianapolis, Indiana. In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Thyge Petersen.
References
External links
1904 births
1971 deaths
Sportspeople from Indianapolis
Boxers from Indiana
Light-heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of the United States
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
American male boxers
The 1955 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 1955 college football season. The Rebels were led by ninth-year head coach Johnny Vaught and played their home games at Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi (and one alternate site game in Jackson, Mississippi). Ole Miss was champion of the Southeastern Conference for the second consecutive season, finishing the regular season with a record of 9–1 (5–1 SEC), ranked 10th in the final AP Poll. They were invited to the 1956 Cotton Bowl Classic, where they defeated
TCU, 14–13.
Schedule
Roster
OL Buddy Alliston
FB Paige Cothren, Jr.
OL Ed Crawford
QB Eagle Day, Sr.
FB Billy Kinard
Billy Lott
Ray Poole (asst coach)
OL Bill Yelverton
References
Ole Miss
Ole Miss Rebels football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Cotton Bowl Classic champion seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football
Abubaker Kaki Khamis (; born 21 June 1989) is a Sudanese runner who specializes in the 800 metres. He is a two-time World Indoor Champion over the distance and also won gold at the 2007 All-Africa Games. He represented Sudan at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a member of the Messiria ethnic minority.
Running career
In February 2008 he ran a world-leading 2:15.7 in the 1000 m indoors in Sweden. On March 9, 2008, in Valencia, Kaki became the youngest ever World Indoor champion after winning the 800 m final at age 18 years and 262 days. On June 6, 2008, he won the Bislett Games Golden League meeting in Oslo by running 1:42.69, a new world junior record. The previous record (1:43.64) was set by Japheth Kimutai of Kenya in 1997. The following month he entered the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics as the 800 m favorite. He was closely followed by Geoffrey Kibet in the final but he managed to pull clear on the final straight to win the gold medal.
Kaki finished 8th in the third semi-final for the 800 m and did not advance to the final at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the 2009 World Championships in Berlin he tripped in the semi-final, and did not complete the race.
Kaki retained his title at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships at the age of twenty, becoming only the second athlete after Paul Ereng to complete the feat in the men's 800 m. In the outdoor season, he made his first appearance in the 2010 IAAF Diamond League in an 800 m match-up against David Rudisha. Both runners defeated Sebastian Coe's 31-year-old meeting record, but Kaki was not fast enough to beat Rudisha. Kaki's time of 1:42.23 was a new Sudanese record and, at the time, the fastest 800 m time ever recorded for a non-winning athlete. He won at the Memorial Primo Nebiolo later that month in another quick time of 1:43.48. Since then he made the 800m final at the London 2012 Olympic Games where he finished 7th in 1.43.32, a season's best performance.
Achievements
Personal bests
All Information taken from IAAF profile.
Key: † = National record
References
External links
Read Abubaker Kaki Khamis' Rising Star profile on spikesmag.com
1989 births
Living people
People from West Kurdufan
Sudanese male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Sudan
Olympic male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for Sudan
African Games gold medalists for Sudan
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
The Montenegrin records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Montenegro, which are recognised and ratified by the Water Polo and Swimming Federation of Montenegro.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
References
External links
Montenegrin Long Course Records – Men
Montenegrin Long Course Records – Women
Montenegrin Short Course Records – Men
Montenegrin Short Course Records – Women
Montenegro
Records
Swimming
Springbrook is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Red Deer County. It is located west of Highway 2A, approximately southwest of Red Deer, and approximately north of Penhold. Springbrook is also recognized by Statistics Canada as a designated place.
Springbrook was home of the Penhold Air Cadet Summer Training Centre (PACSTC). The PACSTC was formerly RCAF Station Penhold.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Springbrook had a population of 1,534 living in 579 of its 605 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 1,507. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Springbrook had a population of 1,507 living in 532 of its 552 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 1,079. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Red Deer County
The Breast of National Lampoon: A Collection of Sexual Humor, is an American humor book that was first published in 1972. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine, so it was sold on newsstands; however, it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine. The book is a "best-of", a compilation of pieces that had already been published in the magazine, pieces that had been created by the National Lampoon's regular contributors.
The book included written pieces by Michael O'Donoghue, Chris Miller, Doug Kenney, Sean Kelly and Tony Hendra, and artwork by Arnold Roth.
References
A list of National Lampoon books
Amazon listing here
Breast
1972 books
(; meaning "the Ulster-person") was the official magazine of Comhaltas Uladh, the Ulster branch of Conradh na Gaeilge (the Gaelic League). It was in circulation from 1924 to 2018.
History and profile
Established in 1924, An t-Ultach was the oldest or second-oldest Irish language magazine in circulation in the early 2000s.
An tUltach promoted creative writing in Irish and had such celebrated contributors as Seosamh Mac Grianna and Muiris Ó Droighneáin. Its first editor was the founder of Comhaltas Uladh, Fr. Lorcán Ó Muireadhaigh, and its last editor was Ciarán Ó Pronntaigh with manager Seán Ó Murchadha.
An tUltach used to be funded in part by the Arts Council for Northern Ireland. It also received funding from Foras na Gaeilge, but at the end of June 2013 Foras na Gaeilge stated that such funding, received via a block grant to Comhaltas Uladh, was to end with immediate effect.
An tUltach ceased regular paper publication in April 2018 and its website has not seen an update since 2019. A manager of the magazine in November 2018 said that a public grant of £30,000 was paid to make the 100-year archive available. But as of March 2020 this had not been implemented. However the website still accepts pay subscriptions.
See also
List of Celtic-language media
References
External links
An t-Ultach - Blog
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Defunct magazines published in Ireland
Literary magazines published in Ireland
Magazines established in 1924
Magazines disestablished in 2018
Monthly magazines published in Ireland
Bboongbboong (also called 'Farting King Pung Pung') is a children's television program produced by Educational Broadcasting System (EBS). Broadcasting began in March 2000. The show attempts to help children to think and develop their language, expression, and social skills. The characters such as Bboong Bboong-E let the children join in the TV show. The main character Bboongbboong-E's fart has many magical effects.
Characters
Jajan Bro: MC of the show
Bboongbboong-E 만화 캐릭터
Ppickppick-E
Chichi
Bboongsoon-E
Bboongdor-i
Kao
Congraturation bangbangbang
Lalala Band
Exiting Band
Fun Fun Band
Egu
Mukku
Ppangku & Ppongku
Aeongttungsem
Bboong-car
Bboong-chi
Donidoni
Hoshi
Tamtam
Ipari
Former characters
Bboongdol-E and Bboongsoon-E were dropped to reduce animation costs. Recently, Bboongsoon-E returned. In one episode, Bboongsoon-E and Bboonbboong-E got married.
Band
Usually the band called ‘' provided music for the show, although ‘Fun Fun Band' also performed.
Daily Episodes
Monday-bbongbong-ee song show
Tuesday-body play
Wednesday-good habit play
Awards
Year 2001 Korean Best television show
Year 2002 Korean best television character
Year 2003 Korean best television character
Reference List
South Korean children's television shows
The White Wolf Fault is a fault in southern California, located along the northwestern transition of the Tejon Hills and Tehachapi Mountains with the San Joaquin Valley. It is north of the intersection of the San Andreas Fault and the Garlock Fault, and roughly parallel with the latter. It is classed as a reverse (vertical motion) fault with a left lateral (sinistral) component.
Activity
The White Wolf Fault was the source of the 1952 Kern County earthquake on July 21 (M=7.3).
See also
1857 Fort Tejon earthquake – 7.9 magnitude earthquake on the San Andreas Fault in the Tehachapi Mountains''.
References
Steinbrugge, Karl V., and Moran, Donald F. (1954) An Engineering Study of the Southern California Earthquake of July 21, 1952, and its Aftershocks. Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, Vol. 44, No. 2B, pp. 201–462.
Stein. R. S. (1981) Seismic and aseismic deformation associated with the 1952 Kern County, California Earthquake and relationship to the Quaternary history of the White Wolf Fault, Journal of Geophysical Research, Vol. 86, No. NB6, pp. 4913–4928.
Dreger D., Savage B. (1999) Aftershocks of the 1952 Kern County, California, earthquake sequence, Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, Vol. 89, No. 4, pp. 1094–1108.
Bawden, G. W. (2001) Source parameters for the 1952 Kern County earthquake, California: A joint inversion of leveling and triangulation observations, Journal of Geophysical Research, Vol. 106, No. B1, pp. 771–785.
External links
Kern County Earthquake – Southern California Earthquake Center
Seismic faults of California
Tehachapi Mountains
Geology of Kern County, California
Natural history of Kern County, California
Structural geology
Gold Splash (foaled 23 January 1990) was an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was one of the best two-year-old fillies of her generation in France when she won the Prix Marcel Boussac on her third appearance. In the following season she finished third in the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches before winning the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot. She raced in the United States as a four-year-old, winning the Osunitas Handicap before being retired. Gold Splash was not a success as a broodmare, producing only two minor winners.
Background
Gold Splash was a small chestnut mare bred in Kentucky by Alan and Gerard Wertheimer. During her racing career she was owned by Alan and Gerard's father Jacques Wertheimer. She was sired by Blushing Groom, who won the Grand Critérium in 1976 and the Poule d'Essai des Poulains in 1977 before becoming a very successful breeding stallion. His progeny included Arazi, Blushing John, Nashwan, Rahy, Rainbow Quest and Snow Bride.
Gold Splash's dam, Riviere d'Or was a top-class performer who won the Prix Saint-Alary in 1988, and was a daughter of the outstanding racemare Gold River, the winner of the 1981 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. A year after foaling Gold Splash, Riviere d'Or produced Born Gold, the dam of Goldikova.
Gold Splash was initially sent into training with Criquette Head at Chantilly.
Racing career
1992: two-year-old season
Gold Splash began her racing her career in the listed Prix Yacowlef over 1200 metres at Deauville Racecourse on 1 August and finished second by a short neck to Wixon, with Lit de Justice (later to win the Breeders' Cup Sprint) in fourth. After finishing fourth to Dancienne at Maisons-Laffitte Racecourse in September the filly was moved up to the highest class for the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac over 1600 metres on soft ground at Longchamp Racecourse on 4 October. Her ten opponents included Kindergarten (Prix d'Aumale), Cox Orange (Prix du Calvados), the British challengers Marillette (May Hill Stakes) and Love of Silver (Prestige Stakes) and the Italian-trained Secrage (Prix de Cabourg). Ridden by Gerald Mosse she raced in second place before taking the lead in the straight and held off the late challenge of Kindergarten to win by a short neck, with Love of Silver three-quarters of a length away in third.
1993: three-year-old season
On her first appearance as a three-year-old Gold Splash finished second to the André Fabre-trained favourite Baya in the roup Three Prix de la Grotte over 1600 metres at Longchamp on 15 April. A month later she started 3.7/1 second favourite behind Baya for the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches over the same course and distance. Ridden as in her previous race by Olivier Doleuze she took the lead 400 metres from the finish and in a closely contested four-way struggle she finished third behind Madeleine's Dream and Ski Paradise, just ahead of Baya in fourth.
Mosse regained the ride when Gold Splash was sent to England to contest the 144th renewal of the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot on 16 June. She was made the 100/30 second favourite behind Nicer, the Geoff Wragg-trained winner of the Irish 1000 Guineas. The other three runners were the André Fabre-trained Elizabeth Bay (winner of the Prix Eclipse), Sumoto (winner of her only previous race) and Zarani Sidi Anna (runner-up in the Nell Gwyn Stakes). Gold Splash tracked the leader Zarani Sidi Anna before taking the lead entering the final furlong. She held off a challenge from Elizabeth Bay to win by a neck, with Zarani Sidi Anna finishing three quarters of a length away in third. After the race Criuette Head paid tribute to her father Alec Head who had won the race twice in the 1950s saying "It's a shame papa is not here, I could not have had a better teacher" and said of Gold Splash "She's a small filly but she's got a heart as big as this", reportedly spreading her hands "wide enough to accommodate a volleyball".
On her next appearance, Gold Splash was matched against colts and older horses in the Prix Jacques Le Marois at Deauville in August and finished fifth behind Sayyedati, Ski Paradise, Kingmambo and Elizabeth Bay. In September she finished sixth behind Kingmambo in the Prix du Moulin at Longchamp. In October, Gold Splash was dropped in class and started favourite for the Group Two Prix du Rond Point at Longchamp. After turning into the straight in third place she faded to finish eighth of the ten runners behind the four-year-old colt Voleris.
1994: four-year-old season
In 1994, Gold Splash was transferred to the United States where she was trained by Richard Mandella. On her American debut she dead-heated for third place in the Convenience Handicap at Hollywood Park on 21 May. After a three-month break she returned for the Osunitas Handicap at Del Mar, in which she carried top weight of 121 pounds against five opponents. Ridden by Corey Nakatani, she came from last place approaching the final turn to take the lead in the straight and won by three quarters of a length from Queens Court Queen. In her two remaining starts she finished fourth behind Skimble at Louisiana Downs in September and fourth again behind the same mare in the Grade II Dahlia Handicap at Hollywood Park in December.
Breeding record
After her retirement from racing, Gold Splash became a broodmare for Wertheimer & Frere. She produced at least six foals and two minor winners between 1996 and 2005:
Ziggy Gold, a bay colt, sired in 1996, sired by Danzig. Failed to win in ten races.
Gold Sphinx, bay colt, 1999, by Storm Cat. Won two races.
Splash Cat, bay or brown colt, 2000, by Storm Cat. Failed to win in two races.
Wildsplash, bay filly, 2002, by Deputy Minister. Unraced.
Red Splash, colt, 2004, by Royal Academy. Failed to win in five races.
Royal God (USA), bay colt (later gelded), 2005, by Royal Academy. Won three races.
Pedigree
References
1990 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in France
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 22-d
Vanyarc () is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Giuseppe Morabito (; born August 15, 1934), nicknamed ("the straightshooter"), is an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in the region of Calabria (Italy). He hails from Africo in the Locride. He was a fugitive from 1992 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his arrest in February 2004.
'Ndrangheta boss
Morabito is an important figure of the 'Ndrangheta. During the Second 'Ndrangheta war (1985–1991) in Calabria, he allegedly chaired the meetings that were held annually at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Polsi and, later, in Africo. He is described as one of the senior members of Camera di Controllo, a provincial commission of the 'Ndrangheta formed at the end of the Second 'Ndrangheta war in September 1991, to avoid further internal conflicts, i.e. the body that reproduces the well-known Sicilian Mafia Commission.
When he was arrested in February 2004, Roberto Centaro – the president of the Parliamentary Antimafia Commission – said the capture was even more important than that of Sicilian Mafia boss Bernardo Provenzano. According to several pentiti Sicilian Mafia boss Totò Riina was sheltered by Morabito, while Riina was on the run. According to the special Antimafia police – the Direzione Investigativa Antimafia (DIA) – his influence within the 'Ndrangheta appears to be quite similar as Provenzano's influence within the Sicilian Cosa Nostra.
Early years
His first troubles with the criminal justice system were in 1952 for illegally occupying and damaging a building, unlawful possession of arms and violence against persons. In 1967 he was accused of being the principal behind the Locri massacre in which three members of a rival clan were killed, but was acquitted for lack of evidence in 1971.
At the end of the 1980s, Morabito became the head of the 'Ndrangheta locale of Africo after the so-called Motticella feud between the Morabito-Mollica clan and the Speranza-Palamara-Scriva clan, all from Africo. In 1989, he challenged the chief of the national police Vincenzo Parisi to investigate, declaring he was innocent. An official brought the notice to Parisi while he visited the court in Locri in the midst of a meeting about an emergency of kidnappings in Calabria. Morabito became a fugitive in 1992 after an indictment for drug trafficking.
'Ndrangheta cell in Sicily
The Morabito clan established a 'Ndrangheta cell in Messina on Sicily - across the Strait of Messina opposite Calabria. Up to the late 1970s, criminal gangs in Messina were under the influence of the 'Ndrangheta. Only later, the Sicilian Cosa Nostra established an organisation of its own in Messina and its province by including the local Calabrian Mafia-type structure. The whole process took place without any conflict and there is reason to believe that the Mafia infiltration in the Messina area took place after agreements made between the leaders of the two organisations.
The Morabito's exercise considerable power in Messina up to the present. The clan turned the University of Messina into their private fiefdom, ordering that degrees, academic posts and influence be awarded to favoured associates. Friends or relatives of politicians were the beneficiaries whom the clan wished to cultivate. Before a police crackdown in June 2001, two professors had been kneecapped by unknown assailants, four bombs exploded in university buildings and the cars of several academics were set on fire. Lecturers were threatened before examinations by students claiming mafia-type backing.
Drug trafficking
Morabito put together a joint venture of 'Ndrangheta clans, among which the Barbaro family from Platì, the Pelle family from San Luca, but also the Pisano-Pesce-Bellocco clan from Rosarno, on the Tyrrhenian coast of Calabria. Connections between the Morabito clan and Mafiosi of the Catania area were established during criminal investigations concerning drug trafficking. Connections with the Mafia in Mazara del Vallo in the province of Trapani headed by Mariano Agate were used to import hashish from Morocco and cocaine from Latin America. He was also involved in smuggling hashish from Lebanon.
Between 1996 and 1997 the "new Balkan mafias" began to play a "dominant role" in the importing of heroin and arms trafficking, to the extent that they started supplying the 'Ndrangheta gang run by Morabito with drugs. The network, including Agim Gashi and Ismet Dedinca, enjoyed the discreet support of Italian intelligence (with which the Morabito clan as in contact) and the direct involvement of politicians (such as Ritvan Peshkepia), who enjoyed diplomatic immunity.
The Morabito-Bruzzaniti-Palamara cosca from Africo is heavily involved in cocaine trafficking through contacts in Venezuela, Colombia and Argentina. Tiradrittu's grandson, Salvatore Morabito, looked after the interests of the clan in the north of Italy. He was arrested in Milan on May 3, 2007, along with 19 others. The police seized 250 kg of cocaine, smuggled through the fruit and vegetable wholesale market (Ortomercato) that is under control of the 'Ndrangheta. Salvatore Morabito used to arrive at the market in his Ferrari.
Arrest
On February 18, 2004, Morabito was arrested along with his son-in-law, Giuseppe Pansera, another fugitive. He was armed but did not resist the police. "Treat me well," he reportedly told officers. He had been at large for 12 years, on suspicion of running an international drug smuggling ring. However, many of his relatives are still free and continue to operate thanks to the prestige of Tiradrittu. His son and successor as the head of the clan, Rocco Morabito, was arrested on April 26, 2010, in Melito di Porto Salvo, while he was visiting his sister.
Giuseppe Sculli, a former Juventus and Italy Under-21 player, is the grandson of Morabito. He is accused of match-fixing when he played for F.C. Crotone against his other former club F.C. Messina at the last match-day of the 2001-02 Serie B season.
See also
List of fugitives from justice who disappeared
References
External links
La primula rossa della ‘'Ndrangheta. Storia di Giuseppe Morabito uno dei più potenti capi della mafia calabrese, by Giorgio Bongiovanni and Monica Centofante, Antimafia Duemila.
Jung, Dietrich (ed.) (2003). Shadow Globalization, Ethnic Conflicts and New Wars: A Political Economy of Intra-State War, London: Routledge
Paoli, Letizia (2003). Mafia Brotherhoods: Organized Crime, Italian Style, New York: Oxford University Press (Review)
1934 births
Italian crime bosses
Living people
'Ndranghetisti
People from the Province of Reggio Calabria
University of Messina people
Sageland (formerly, El Dorado Camp) is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located near Kelso Creek west-northwest at the base of the Piute Mountains, at an elevation of .
Quartz was discovered in the area in 1866 by miners from nearby Claraville. The New El Dorado Mining District was formed that year; the first mining settlement, El Dorado Camp, was renamed Sageland in 1867. By the spring of 1868, Sageland had become a boomtown with a population of almost a thousand, complete with multiple saloons, a billiard room, hotel, two stage lines to Havilah, and an opera house. Later that year, a silver rush occurred in White Pine County, Nevada, attracting legions of miners from Sageland and other California boom towns, an exodus known as 'White Pine Fever'. The St. John Mine closed in 1875 and by the next year, Sageland was essentially a ghost town. No structures remain from the original settlement, only fragments of stone walls.
The area was the site of a large village of Kawaiisu Indians. They were frequently accused of cattle rustling by white settlers, who would often retaliate mercilessly. Cup holes and pictographs are present in the vicinity.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Populated places established in 1866
Unincorporated communities in California
1866 establishments in California
The High Commissioner of France in the Levant (; ), named after 1941 the General Delegate of Free France in the Levant (), was the highest ranking authority representing France in the French-mandated countries of Syria and Lebanon. Its office was based in Beirut, Lebanon.
List of High Commissioners of France in the Levant
List of General Delegates of Free France in the Levant
See also
Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon
References
World Statesmen – Syria
Syria diplomacy-related lists
Lebanon diplomacy-related lists
France diplomacy-related lists
French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon
Australian Survivor: Champions vs. Contenders, is the fifth season of Australian Survivor and the third season to air on Network Ten and to be hosted by Jonathan LaPaglia, and was filmed on the Fijian community of Savusavu.
The television series is based on the international reality game show franchise Survivor. This season featured 24 contestants divided into two tribes: "Champions", composed of twelve high-achievers who excelled in their fields, and "Contenders", composed of twelve everyday Australians. The season premiered on 1 August 2018, and concluded on 9 October 2018, where Shane Gould was named the winner over Sharn Coombes in a 5–4 vote, winning the grand prize of A$500,000 and title of Sole Survivor.
Contestants
The 24 contestants were divided into two tribes based on celebrity status: "Champions," composed of 12 people who have received accolades and fame for their exceptional work in their given fields, and "Contenders," composed of 12 non-celebrities. Among the Champions were Russell Hantz, a three-time contestant on the American Survivor series (having competed on seasons 19, 20 and 22; the American host broadcaster, CBS, acquired Network Ten in 2017), The Biggest Loser trainer Steve "Commando" Willis, and Olympic gold medalists Lydia Lassila and Shane Gould. The Contenders included Benji Wilson, brother of Australian Survivor season 4 contestant Annalise Wilson, and Zach Kozyrski, who appeared as a Gladiator in the 2008 revival of Gladiators.
Notes
Future appearances
Moana Hope, Zach Kozyrski, Lydia Lassila, Mat Rogers, Shonee Fairfax, Sharn Coombes and Shane Gould competed in Australian Survivor: All Stars.
Season summary
The 24 contestants were divided into two tribes. The Contenders, representing everyday Australians, faced off against the Champions, high achievers in their respective fields. Brian, Jackie, Monika, and Shane were initially outsiders at the Champions tribe. Meanwhile, at the Contenders tribe, Benji took strategic control of the tribe, and three pairs emerged: Benji & Robbie, Fenella & Shonee, and Heath & Tegan (the latter of whom re-entered the game from Exile Beach after getting blindsided by Benji). The Champions dominated challenges until a tribe swap sent Shonee and Tegan to the Champions and Lydia, Monika, & Sharn to the Contenders. Benji and Robbie worked with their new Champions tribemates, while the Contenders on the new Champions tribe tried, but failed, to infiltrate the majority.
The merge occurred with 12 players left; though most of the Champions wanted to pick off the rest of the Contenders, Mat and Shane were threatened by Lydia's challenge prowess and blindsided her before Robbie was eliminated. Having lost his closest ally, Benji overthrew the majority to blindside Mat before his own elimination followed. The pairs of Brian & Monika and Fenella & Shonee realigned against Sharn; she played an idol, and Brian's paranoia led to him deviating from their alliance's split-vote plan in order to vote out Fenella. Shonee sought revenge by eliminating Brian's own closest ally Monika, but Brian's victory in the final four immunity challenge led to Shane and Sharn voting out Shonee. Sharn then voted Brian out after winning final immunity, staying true to her final two deals with Shane.
Despite being the more strategically and physically dominant of the two, Sharn was criticized for being unlikeable and preaching loyalty despite playing both sides and failing to save her closest ally Mat. Shane, however, despite being less aggressive, was commended for her grace, likeability, underdog status and work ethic despite her advanced age. She won the votes from the female jurors Fenella, Monika and Shonee, plus Mat and Brian to narrowly win the title of Sole Survivor.
In the case of multiple tribes or castaways who win reward or immunity, they are listed in order of finish, or alphabetically where it was a team effort; where one castaway won and invited others, the invitees are in brackets.
Notes
Episodes
Voting history
Tribal Phase (Day 1-30)
Individual phase (Day 31-50)
Notes
Reception
Ratings
Ratings data is from OzTAM and represents the viewership from the 5 largest Australian metropolitan centres (Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide).
Notes
References
External links
2018 Australian television seasons
Australian Survivor seasons
2018 in Fiji
Television shows filmed in Fiji
Television shows set in Fiji
Rafael Romero de Torres (1865, Córdoba - 19 July 1898, Córdoba) was a Spanish painter, from a family of artists.
Life and work
His father was the painter Rafael Romero Barros. His brothers, Julio and , also became painters. He showed a talent for art an early age, so he was enrolled at the Escuela provincial de Bellas Artes.
He was awarded several scholarships, beginning in 1884 with one from the , which enabled him to enroll at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid. There, he studied sculpture as well as painting. Winning several prizes encouraged him to extend his stay there. In 1885, he was presented with a second scholarship from the Diputación, for his painting Sin trabajo ("Out of Work", or "Unemployed"), which provided him with sufficient funds to spend three years in Rome. There, he befriended other Spanish artists, including the sculptor, Mateo Inurria, and Marceliano Santa María. In 1945, the latter wrote memoirs, recalling the times he spent with Romero and others at the Antico Caffè Greco.
In 1888, he returned to Spain; alternating his residence between Córdoba and Madrid. Much of his work involved socially conscious themes. In 1890, he participated in the National Exhibition of Fine Arts. Quite pleased at having received a second-class medal on his first try, he was disappointed when behind-the-scenes reconsiderations took place, the second-class medal was taken away, it was awarded to someone else, and he was given a third-class medal instead. According to his friend, : "That injustice produced an indescribable impression on him; it dispelled his illusions, killed his hopes and why not say so? It cost him his life."
After that, he produced only enough to provide himself with basic necessities. For a time he collaborated with Enrique and Julio; providing illustrations for , a general interest magazine, but it folded in 1895, after only two years. His neglect eventually led to a decline in his health, and he contracted a disease that led to his death.
References
Brief biography @ Córdobapedia
Further reading
Fuensanta García de la Torre, Dibujos del Museo de Bellas Artes de Córdoba, Junta de Andalucía, 1997
External links
1865 births
1898 deaths
Spanish painters
Spanish genre painters
Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando alumni
People from Córdoba, Spain
Andreas Lenz (born 23 April 1981) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013.
Political career
Lenz first became a member of the Bundestag after the 2013 German federal election. He has been serving on the Committee for Economics and Energy and the Parliamentary Advisory Board on Sustainable Development. In 2018, he became the chairman of the Parliamentary Advisory Board on Sustainable Development.
In addition to his committee assignments, Lenz has been chairing the German-British Parliamentary Friendship Group since 2018.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Lenz was part of the working group on economic policy, led Thomas Strobl, Alexander Dobrindt and Brigitte Zypries.
Other activities
Nuclear Waste Disposal Fund (KENFO), Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2022)
Bundesverband Bioenergie (BBE), Member of the Advisory Board
German Industry Initiative for Energy Efficiency (DENEFF), Member of the Parliamentary Advisory Board
Political positions
In June 2017, Lenz voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1981 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Ebersberg (district)
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
In Hawaiian mythology, Mahina is a lunar deity, mother of Hemā. Mahina is also the word for the "Moon" in Hawaiian language.
It is likely that she is the same as the goddess Hina or Lona.
See also
Mahina, French Polynesia
Hina
Aikanaka, possibly Mahina's husband
List of lunar deities
References
Lunar goddesses
Hawaiian goddesses
Otosico Havili (born 14 September 1963) is a Tongan boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. At the 1984 Summer Olympics, he lost to Arístides González of Puerto Rico.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Middleweight boxers
Tongan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Tonga
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
St Albans is a small and historic village on the Macdonald River, New South Wales, Australia, about 94 kilometres (65 mi) north west of Sydney. At the , St Albans and the surrounding area had a population of 305 people.
History
The "Village of Macdonald" was surveyed in 1837 but renamed St Albans on 26 January 1841 after the City of St Albans in Hertfordshire, England, north of London.
In the early part of the colonial settlement of New South Wales, the Macdonald Valley was an important agricultural area because of its accessibility by water. However, with the development of railways and extensive agricultural development west of the Great Dividing Range, the Macdonald Valley became less important and declined into a remote backwater. The valley is often referred to by the locals as the "Forgotten Valley".
St Albans is on the banks of the Macdonald River, a tributary of the Hawkesbury River which is about 15 kilometres (9.5 mi) to the south. The village was opened for settlement in 1842 largely because it had become an important stopping point for farmers and others in the area wanting to ship their goods down the Hawkesbury River to Sydney. St Albans was at the navigational upper limit of the Macdonald River. This upper portion of the river has since been drastically reduced to navigation with sand and silt.
Ferry and road access
Two (free) 24-hour car ferries provide access to St Albans from the Sydney region along roads following the old goat and horse tracks on either side of the Macdonald. Both roads meander (one partly unsealed) through rich country and farms of cattle, melons, orchards and corn. On either side of the river are historic homes and spectacular sandstone towering hills. A route is through Wisemans Ferry township and north across the Hawkesbury via Wisemans ferry, then follows the eastern side of the Macdonald. The first bridge to cross the river links the two roads at St Albans. Another route to St Albans is to turn left just before entering Wisemans Ferry township, cross the Hawkesbury via the Webbs Creek Ferry, then follow up the western side of the Macdonald to the village.
Churches and cemetery
The St Albans Anglican Church (Saint Alban The Martyr), near the top of Wharf Road is the only church still in use. A timber chapel, opened in 1843, was replaced by the current stone building in 1897.
Another interesting stone church remaining in the village is the old Wesleyan Methodist church in Espie Street. This was built in 1902 and is now in private hands, a reminder of almost 150 years of Wesleyan influence in the Macdonald valley.
The funerals of those close to town usually progressed by boat to the old St Albans Burial Ground, a few kilometres south of the village beside the river, founded in 1826. This site had in the past suffered much by neglect, floods and vandalism but is now preserved.
Historic buildings
Two sites in St Albans are listed on the New South Wales Heritage Register:
181 Main Road: MacDonald River bridge
37 Upper Macdonald Road: Price Morris Cottage
Other historic sites include:
The Court House and Police lockup built in 1890
The Court House is perched on wooded slopes of Hawkesbury sandstone, high above the beautiful Macdonald River and St Albans. The building, originally consisting of a courtroom, police station and lock-up, now offers comfortable overnight and holiday accommodation. The original prisoners' exercise yard is now a recreational area. The two original cells have been retained as unique bathrooms. The building is recognised by the National Trust and has a City of Hawkesbury heritage classification.
The Settlers Arm Inn (Originally known as Travellers Rest)
The inn occupies a picturesque position facing the river and is in an excellent state of preservation. In July 1842 the first land sales were held in St Albans. John Sullivan of Wollombi purchased seven allotments on which he built the Settlers Arms Inn. It was constructed at a cattle drover's camp on the limit of navigation on the Macdonald River. It still trades as "a purveyor of conversation, beer, and accommodation". There is some confusion as to the construction date. 1836 was the year the license was issued, number. 36/10, but a report by the Hawkesbury correspondent in the ‘'Sydney Morning Herald'' on 1 March 1848 reads: "The township which a few years ago was marked out upon this river, has been built on by only one individual, Mr. Sullivan. He has erected a very reasonable stone house two stories high, which we understand he intends to open as an Inn." [Implying that it was not open then.].
Price Morris Cottage 1837
The newly restored 1837 cottage took 8 years to build and 2 years to restore. It has vertical timber slab, wattle and daub construction with its calico ceilings under a shingle roof. Price Morris, an emancipist/farmer took up the 50 acre (20 hectare) property grant in 1837. In the 1830s the area was settled by Welsh Methodists and the Price Morris cottage became the centre for Methodist meetings and worship. A Methodist church was built in St. Albans but the cottage continued as an occasional meeting place until the late 1960s. One of the preachers was the grandfather of the late Sir Alan Walker, founder of the Central Methodist Mission.
Floods
There were devastating floods in 1867, 1889, 1913, and particularly 1949. The town lies fifty feet above the riverbed and the floor of the bridge is forty feet from the sand. In the 1889 flood the bridge was covered, the Court House was not washed away but the Police quarters were. The water rose to the eaves of Jurds Hotel (Settlers Arms Inn) and left a hole seven feet deep in front of it. The old house was of stone, but some of it washed away. The floodwaters rose to the veranda eaves and washed away five houses, and another newly built on the other side of the river.
References
External links
Maps of St Albans and Macdonald River
The Convict Trail Project
St Albans Community Web Site
Towns in New South Wales
City of Hawkesbury
Sinhŭng County is a mountainous county in South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea.
Geography
It is traversed by the Hamgyŏng and Palbong ranges. The highest point is Chailbong. There are also lowland plains, where the temperatures are quite different from the mountains. The chief streams are the Sangch'ŏn and Pujŏn Rivers.
Administrative divisions
Sinhŭng county is divided into 1 ŭp (town), 3 rodongjagu (workers' districts) and 21 ri (villages):
Economy
Agriculture dominates the local economy. In the mountain regions, the crops include oats, potatoes, millet, and barnyard millet. In the fertile areas in the south, rice is also grown. Lumbering and hydropower are also part of the local economy; relatively little mining takes place.
Ryu Kyong-su Tank Factory is located in the area.
Transportation
Sinhŭng is served by road and rail, and lies on the Sinhŭng line of the Korean State Railway.
Sinhung has a trolleybus network of about 4.1 km long. It is a single overhead bidirectional line with a potential passing loop built between 2013 and 2017. However, two trolleybuses have not operated at least since October 2013, while the third appears to have operated until 2017 though all three trolleybuses were removed from 2017 to 2019.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
South Hamgyong
References
External links
Sinhung Area Revolutionary Battle Sites picture album at Naenara
Counties of South Hamgyong
Patterns of Global Terrorism was a report published each year on or before April 30 by the United States Department of State. It has since been renamed Country Reports on Terrorism. The Secretary of State is required by Congress to produce detailed assessments about
each foreign country in which acts of international terrorism occurred;
the extent to which foreign countries are cooperating with the U.S. in the apprehension, conviction, and punishment of terrorists;
the extent to which foreign countries are cooperating with the U.S. in the prevention of further acts of terrorism; and
activities of any terrorist group known to be responsible for the kidnapping or death of an American citizen.
The exact definition of the requirements are in Title 22, Section 2656f of the United States Code.
The only complete print edition—indexed, updated, and supplemented with maps and tables, 1985-2005—was published by Berkshire Publishing Group in 2005.
Summaries
Each report includes a short numerical summary. The table at right summarizes the number of international terrorism acts reported each year since 1995. The numbers of those killed or wounded from those acts are also included in the table.
The following list consists of the report excerpts from which the table is based. Note that some of the numbers are revised after initial publication of the report, which causes some of the numbers used in excerpted comparisons to differ from what was originally reported.
2004: The report is no longer published to the public after its methodology was challenged by the Bush-Cheney administration, amid claims that it showed the highest amount of terror activity in its nineteen-year history. A new report was created, called the Country Reports on Terrorism, which detailed terrorism by region but offered no statistics or chronology. In a press conference, the State Department said 1,907 people had been killed and 9,300 wounded in terrorist attacks, the highest ever. A chronology of terror events was released by the National Counterterrorism Center (which can be read here)
2003: There were 208 acts of international terrorism in 2003, a slight increase from the most recently published figure of 198 attacks in 2002, and a 42% drop from the level in 2001 of 355 attacks. 625 persons were killed in the attacks of 2003, fewer than the 725 killed during 2002. 3646 persons were wounded in the attacks that occurred in 2003, a sharp increase from 2013 persons wounded the year before. This increase reflects the numerous indiscriminate attacks during 2003 on “soft targets,” such as places of worship, hotels, and commercial districts, intended to produce mass casualties.
2002: International terrorists conducted 199 attacks in 2002, a significant drop (44%) from the 355 attacks recorded during 2001. 725 persons were killed in last year's attacks, far fewer than the 3,295 persons killed the previous year, which included the thousands of fatalities resulting from the September 11 attacks in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania. 2,013 persons were wounded by terrorists in 2002, down from the 2,283 persons wounded the year before.
2001: Despite the events of September 11, the number of international terrorist attacks in 2001 declined to 346, down from 426 the previous year. One hundred seventy-eight of the attacks were bombings against a multinational oil pipeline in Colombia — constituting 51% of the year's total number of attacks. In 2000, there were 152 pipeline bombings in Colombia, which accounted for 40% of the total. 3,547 persons were killed in international terrorist attacks in 2001, the highest annual death toll from terrorism ever recorded. Ninety percent of the fatalities occurred in the September 11 attacks. The number of persons wounded in terrorist attacks in 2001 was 1080, up from 796 wounded the previous year. Violence in the Middle East and South Asia also accounted for the increase in casualty totals for 2001.
2000: There were 423 international terrorist attacks in 2000, an increase of 8% from the 392 attacks recorded during 1999. The main reason for the increase was an upsurge in the number of bombings of a multinational oil pipeline in Colombia by two terrorist groups there. The pipeline was bombed 152 times, producing in the Latin American region the largest increase in terrorist attacks from the previous year, from 121 to 193. The number of casualties caused by terrorists also increased in 2000. During the year, 405 persons were killed and 791 were wounded, up from the 1999 totals of 233 dead and 706 wounded.
1999: The number of persons killed or wounded in international terrorist attacks during 1999 fell sharply because of the absence of any attack causing mass casualties. In 1999, 233 persons were killed and 706 were wounded, as compared with 741 persons killed and 5,952 wounded in 1998. The number of terrorist attacks rose, however. During 1999, 392 international terrorist attacks occurred, up 43% from the 274 attacks recorded the previous year. The number of attacks increased in every region of the world except in the Middle East, where six fewer attacks occurred.
1998: There were 273 international terrorist attacks during 1998, a drop from the 304 attacks we recorded the previous year and the lowest annual total since 1971. The total number of persons killed or wounded in terrorist attacks, however, was the highest on record: 741 persons died, and 5,952 persons suffered injuries.
1997: During 1997 there were 304 acts of international terrorism, eight more than occurred during 1996, but one of the lowest annual totals recorded since 1971. The number of casualties remained large but did not approach the high levels recorded during 1996. In 1997, 221 persons died and 693 were wounded in international terrorist attacks as compared to 314 dead and 2,912 wounded in 1996. Seven US citizens died and 21 were wounded in 1997, as compared with 23 dead and 510 wounded the previous year.
1996: During 1996 there were 296 acts of international terrorism, the lowest annual total in 25 years and 144 fewer than in 1995. In contrast, the total number of casualties was one of the highest ever recorded: 311 persons killed and 2,652 wounded. A single bombing in Sri Lanka killed 90 persons and wounded more than 1,400 others.
1995: In most countries, the level of international terrorism in 1995 continued the downward trend of recent years, and there were fewer terrorist acts that caused deaths last year than in the previous year. However, the total number of international terrorist acts rose in 1995 from 322 to 440, largely because of a major increase in nonlethal terrorist attacks against property in Germany and in Turkey by the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). The total number of fatalities from international terrorism worldwide declined from 314 in 1994 to 165 in 1995, but the number of persons wounded increased by a factor of ten to 6,291 persons; 5,500 were injured in a gas attack in the Tokyo subway system in March.
Problems with 2003 report
The 2003 report was released twice, in April and June 2004. The release of the April 29th version led Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage to say
Terrorism continues to destroy the lives of people all over the world; and this report we are releasing today, "Patterns of Global Terrorism: 2003," documents the sad toll that such attacks took last year. This report also details the steps the United States and some 92 other nations took in 19 — or 2003 to fight back and to protect our peoples. Indeed, you will find in these pages clear evidence that we are prevailing in the fight.
On June 10, 2004, a few weeks after challenges from two professors (Alan Krueger of Princeton University and David Laitin of Stanford University) and Congressman Henry Waxman, the State Department announced that the report previously issued for 2003 was incomplete and incorrect in part. The revisions issued twelve days later included significant changes, including a doubling of the number of killed and wounded mentioned in the April 2004 version. Here are examples from the section "The Year in Review":
In November 2004, news leaked to the Los Angeles Times about an internal report from the State Department's Office of Inspector General. The report found more errors in the 2003 report, and concluded that even the June version "cannot be viewed as reliable" because of questionable statistics on terrorist attacks and casualties, as well as other issues. The inspectors cited some short-term problems from the transition to the government's new interagency Terrorist Threat Integration Center. These included gaps in data entry, inadequate oversight, and personnel issues. They also cited a long-standing failure by the State Department, CIA, and other agencies to use consistent standards for the identification and classification of terrorism-related events.
See also
Global Terrorism Database
Notes
External links
Patterns of Global Terrorism from the State Department's website
Patterns of Global Terrorism 1985-2005: U.S. Department of State Reports with Supplementary Documents and Statistics from Berkshire Publishing Group.
Title 22, Section 2656f of the United States Code
Armitage's remarks on the release of the 2003 report
Faulty Terror Report Card, a May 2004 article by professors from Princeton and Stanford
State Dep't announcement on June 10, 2004
Article on June 10 announcement from The Guardian
2003 changes blamed on "Outdated databases and mismanaged data input"
Doubts Fly on Terror Report's Reliability, a November 2004 article from the Los Angeles Times
Maps of Patterns of Global Terrorism - https://web.archive.org/web/20060913222636/https://www.gl.iit.edu/govdocs/maps/maps.htm
United States Department of State
Government documents of the United States
Counterterrorism intelligence
United States Department of State publications
The Scottish Parliament (Holyrood), created by the Scotland Act 1998, has used a system of constituencies and electoral regions since the first general election in 1999.
The parliament has 73 constituencies, each electing one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the plurality (first past the post) system of voting, and eight additional member regions, each electing seven additional MSPs. Each region is a group of constituencies, and the D'Hondt method of allocating additional member seats from party lists is used to produce a form of proportional representation for each region. The total number of parliamentary seats is 129. For lists of MSPs, see Member of the Scottish Parliament.
Boundaries of Holyrood and British House of Commons (Westminster) constituencies are subject to review by the Boundary Commission for Scotland, and prior to the Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004 reviews of Scottish Westminster constituencies would have been also reviews of Holyrood constituencies. The Arbuthnott Commission, in its final report, January 2006, recommended that council area boundaries and Holyrood and Scottish Westminster constituency boundaries should all be reviewed together. This recommendation has not been implemented.
Boundaries
1999–2011
Until the 2005 United Kingdom general election the first past the post constituencies were the same as for the House of Commons (United Kingdom Parliament, Westminster), except for Orkney and Shetland, which were separate constituencies at Holyrood, but not at Westminster. The Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004 enabled a new set of House of Commons constituencies to be formed in Scotland in 2005, reducing their number and, therefore, the number of Scottish Members of Parliament (MPs) to 59, without change to the Holyrood constituencies and the number of MSPs.
1999 boundaries were used also for the 2003 and 2007 elections.
2011–present
The first periodical review of boundaries of Scottish Parliament constituencies was announced on 3 July 2007, and the commission's final recommendations were implemented for the 2011 Scottish Parliament election.
Total numbers of constituencies, regions, and MSPs remain at, respectively, 73, 8, and 129.
References
Parliament constituencies
The Cod. Pal. germ. 359 (CPG 359) is an illustrated manuscript created in Strasbourg ca. 1418. It contains the texts Rosengarten zu Worms and Lucidarius.
External links
facsimile
1410s books
German poetry collections
Literary illuminated manuscripts
Medieval literature
Christoph Brandner (born 5 July 1975 in Bruck an der Mur, Austria) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey winger.
Brandner had the most goals while playing for Krefeld Pinguine team of the German DEL. He was drafted by the Minnesota Wild in the eighth round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, the 237th overall pick and became first Austrian hockey player to score a goal in the NHL, when he was playing in the 2003–04 season with the Minnesota Wild. After the NHL Lockout he signed with Södertälje SK of the Swedish Elitserien. He later returned to his longtime original Austrian team, EC KAC, where he was a cult player. Brandner retired on 2 April 2012, and remained with Klagenfurt where he is currently a Developmental Coach.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Austrian ice hockey left wingers
Hamburg Freezers players
Houston Aeros (1994–2013) players
EC KAC players
Krefeld Pinguine players
Ice hockey players at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Wild draft picks
Minnesota Wild players
Olympic ice hockey players of Austria
People from Bruck an der Mur
Södertälje SK players
Sportspeople from Styria
The 1973 Giro di Lombardia was the 67th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 13 October 1973. The race started in Milan and finished in Como. The race was won by Felice Gimondi of the Bianchi team.
General classification
Notes
References
1973
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
1973 Super Prestige Pernod
The Venerable George Edward Phillips was an Archdeacon in the Diocese of Rupert's Land from 1958 until 1967.
Phillips was educated at St. John's College, Manitoba and ordained in 1933. After a curacy in Roblin held incumbencies at Shoal Lakes and Winnipeg. He was also a Chaplain in the RCAF from 1942 to 1945.
Notes
University of Manitoba alumni
Archdeacons of Winnipeg
Archdeacons of Selkirk
Canadian Anglican priests
Royal Canadian Air Force chaplains
Decoder Ring is an experimental electronic-rock crossover group from Australia.
History
Decoder Ring was formed in 2001, in Sydney, Australia. The original line-up consisted of Tom Schutzinger (Keyboards, drums), Geoff Towner (bass, El Mopa), Pete Kelly (guitar, Sea Life Park), Kenny Davis Jr (keyboards, piano, The Jackson Code, The Blackeyed Susans) & Matt Fitzgerald (keyboards, guitar). This line-up recorded the EP Spooky Action at a Distance (2002) and the album Decoder Ring (2002). Geoff Towner departed in 2003 and was replaced by Ben Ely (Regurgitator).
The track "Night Shift" from Spooky Action at a Distance, featuring vocals by Jodi Phillis (Clouds), was featured in the soundtrack to the Alex Proyas film Garage Days (2002).
The band wrote the soundtrack for the 2004 Australian film Somersault, for which they won an AFI Award for 'Best Original Music Score', an Australian Screen Sound Guild Award for 'Soundtrack of the Year', a Lexus IF (Inside Film) Award for 'Best Music', 'Best Original Song Composed for a Feature Film, Telemovie, TV Series or Mini-Series' at the APRA/Australian Screen Music Awards, a Jackson Hole Film Festival Award for 'Best Score' and was nominated for an ARIA Award in the category of 'Best Soundtrack/Cast/Show Recording'.
Kenny Davis Jr & Ben Ely departed after the recording of Somersault in 2004, the band subsequently reconfiguring with new members Lenka (vocals, keyboards), Xavier Fijac (keyboards, samples) & Matthew Steffen (bass, [la Huva]).
The band wrote the soundtrack for the 2005 short feature Jewboy by writer/director Tony Krawitz, which was presented in 2006 at the Sundance Film Festival. All the band's performances are accompanied by film projections put on by Simon Killalea who, while not playing an instrument, is considered a member of the band. Both of the films were shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
2005 saw the release of the band's third full-length album Fractions, as well as performances at Homebake, the Big Day Out concerts, Splendour in the Grass, Cockatoo Island Festival and the Perth International Arts Festival.
In March 2006 Decoder Ring performed at the St Jerome's Laneway Festival in Sydney. A US tour saw them play shows in Los Angeles and New York City, as well as at the SXSW music festival in Austin, Texas. Upon their return home they played at The Great Escape Festival and Splendour in the Grass, as well as completing a national tour of Australia.
In 2007 a short film by Stephen Lance, Yolk, with music by Decoder Ring was screened as part of the Sydney Film Festival.
Recently 'Decoder Ring's remix of the song "Yama Yama" featured on an Australian Television advertisement for Tooheys Extra Dry beer. The song is adapted from Le Monde Fabuleux Des Yamasuki, a pseudo-Japanese concept album produced by French duo Jean Kluger and Daniel Vangarde (also known as The Yamasuki Singers) in 1972.
In 2009 Tom Schutzinger, key songwriter and founding member departed from the band.
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Awards and nominations
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
|-
| AIR Awards of 2009
|They Blind the Stars, and the Wild Team
| Best Independent Album
|
|-
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
| 2004
| Somersault
| Best Original Cast or Show Album
|
|
|-
References
Australian electronic musicians
Australian alternative rock groups
New South Wales musical groups
Australian post-rock groups
Bella Union artists
Turkey competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Since the nation's debut in 1908, Turkish athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games, except for three occasions. Turkey failed to register any athletes at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, did not attend the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles at the period of worldwide Great Depression, and also joined the United States-led boycott, when Moscow hosted the 1980 Summer Olympics. The Turkish team consisted of 103 athletes, 55 men and 48 women, across twenty-one sports.
Turkey returned home from Rio de Janeiro with eight medals (one gold, three silver, and four bronze), a vast improvement on the nation's overall medal count from the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Five of these medals were awarded to the wrestlers, including a sole golden glory from double world champion Taha Akgül in the men's super heavyweight freestyle (125 kg), and a runner-up feat from reigning world and multiple-time European champion Rıza Kayaalp in the Greco-Roman side, despite his failed attempt to avert a historic golden "three-peat" set forth by his Cuban rival Mijaín López.
Apart from the wrestlers, three Turkish athletes collected the rest of the country's medals in their respective individual sports. Among them were Cuban-born track sprinter Yasmani Copello in the men's 400 m hurdles, taekwondo fighter Nur Tatar in the women's welterweight division (67 kg), and Turkmen-born weightlifter Daniyar İsmayilov, who ended the country's momentary medal drought in his signature sport with a scintillating silver in the men's 69 kg category.
Medalists
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
| width=22% align=left valign=top |
Competitors
The Turkish Olympic Committee () fielded a roster of 103 athletes, 55 men and 48 women, to compete across twenty-one different sports at these Games; it was the nation's second-largest delegation sent to the Olympics, relatively smaller by eleven athletes than in London four years earlier. Women's basketball was the only collective sport in which Turkey qualified for the Games, having returned to the Olympic scene for the second straight time. These Games also witnessed several Turkish athletes compete for the first time in the women's modern pentathlon, as well as in equestrian jumping (1960) and fencing (1984) after long years of absence.
Track and field accounted for the most number of athletes on the Turkish team by an individual-based sport, with 31 entries (20 men and 11 women). There was only a single competitor each in badminton, sprint kayaking, equestrian jumping, fencing, modern pentathlon, and tennis.
The Turkish roster featured all three medalists returning from London 2012, namely taekwondo fighters Nur Tatar (women's 67 kg) and defending titleholder Servet Tazegül (men's 68 kg), and Greco-Roman wrestler Rıza Kayaalp, who entered his third straight Games as the reigning world champion, a multiple-time European champion, and a top medal favorite in the super heavyweight category. Because of his sporting successes, Kayaalp was nominated by TMOK to become the country's flag bearer in the opening ceremony.
Nearly a quarter of the Turkish athletes representing at these Games were born in the overseas, with several of them coming from Africa and former Soviet nations. Among the foreign-born athletes were track sprinters Jak Ali Harvey (Jamaica) and Ramil Guliyev (Azerbaijan), track hurdler Yasmani Copello (Cuba), breaststroke swimmer and four-time world junior champion Zeynep Güneş (Ukraine), three-time Olympians Melek Hu (table tennis player, China) and Karin Melis Mey (long jumper, South Africa), and world-ranked weightlifter Daniyar İsmayilov (Turkmenistan).
Other notable athletes on the Turkish squad included sailing brothers Ateş and Deniz Çınar in the men's 470 class, double world champion and top medal favorite Taha Akgül in the men's super heavyweight freestyle (125 kg), and hammer thrower and 2004 bronze medalist Eşref Apak, who headed the roster as the lone competitor going to his fourth straight Olympics. Seventeen-year-old gymnast Tutya Yılmaz was Turkey's youngest athlete of the Games, with pistol shooter and three-time Olympian Yusuf Dikeç rounding out the field as the oldest competitor (aged 43).
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
Archery
One Turkish archer has qualified each for the men's and women's individual recurve at the Olympics by securing one of three available Olympic spots at the 2016 European Championships in Nottingham, Great Britain.
Athletics
Turkish athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Men
Women
Field events
Badminton
Turkey has qualified one badminton player for the women's singles into the Olympic tournament. Özge Bayrak had claimed her Olympic spot as one of top 34 individual shuttlers in the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.
Basketball
Women's tournament
Turkey women's basketball team qualified for the Olympics with a quarterfinal victory at the 2016 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Nantes, France.
Team roster
Group play
Quarter-final
Boxing
Turkey has entered five boxers to compete in the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament. Onur Şipal became the first Turkish boxer to be selected to the Olympic team with a top two finish of his respective weight division in the AIBA Pro Boxing series. Meanwhile, three further boxers (Gozgec, Ünal, and Demirezen) had claimed their Olympic spots with box-off victories at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Samsun.
London 2012 Olympian Selçuk Eker secured an additional Olympic place on the Turkish roster at the 2016 AIBA World Qualifying Tournament in Baku, Azerbaijan, while Şipal's younger brother Önder completed the boxing lineup with his box-off triumph at the 2016 APB and WSB Olympic Qualifier in Vargas, Venezuela.
Canoeing
Sprint
Turkish canoeists have qualified one boat in each of the following events through the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling
Road
Turkish riders qualified for a maximum of two quota places in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 final national ranking in the 2015 UCI Europe Tour.
Equestrian
Turkey has entered one jumping rider into the Olympic equestrian competition by virtue of a top national finish from Central & Eastern Europe in the individual FEI Olympic Rankings. This signified the nation's Olympic return to the sport for the first time since 1960.
Jumping
Fencing
Turkey has entered one fencer into the Olympic competition, signifying the nation's sporting comeback for the first time since 1984. İrem Karamete had claimed her Olympic spot in the women's foil by finishing among the top four individuals at the European Zonal Qualifier in Prague, Czech Republic.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Turkey has entered two artistic gymnasts into the Olympic competition. Ferhat Arican and Tutya Yılmaz had claimed their Olympic spots each in the men's and women's apparatus and all-around events, respectively, at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Men
Women
Judo
Turkey has qualified a total of four judokas for the following weight classes at the Games. London 2012 Olympian Bekir Özlü (previously competed for Georgia), Dilara Lokmanhekim, and Kayra Sayit were ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men and top 14 for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016, while Büşra Katipoğlu at women's half-middleweight (63 kg) earned a continental quota spot from the European region, as the highest-ranked Turkish judoka outside of direct qualifying position.
Modern pentathlon
Turkey has received an invitation from UIPM to send İlke Özyüksel in the women's modern pentathlon to the Olympics for the first time, as one of the next highest-ranked individuals, not yet qualified, in the World Rankings as of June 1, 2016.
Rowing
Turkey has qualified one boat in the men's lightweight double sculls for the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish at the 2016 European & Final Qualification Regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing
Turkish sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the individual fleet World Championships, and European qualifying regattas.
London 2012 Olympians Alican Kaynar, Nazlı Çağla Dönertaş, and brothers Ateş Çınar and Deniz Çınar were selected to the Olympic roster under the qualifying merit. Windsurfers Dilara Uralp and Onur Cavit Biriz were added to Turkey's sailing lineup for the Games on June 24, 2016, after the nation received spare Olympic berths freed up by New Zealand and Canada, respectively, from the International Sailing Federation.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Turkish shooters have achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by March 31, 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Turkish swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Table tennis
Turkey has entered one athlete into the table tennis competition at the Games. Two-time Olympian Melek Hu secured one of ten available Olympic spots in the women's singles by winning the group final match at the European Qualification Tournament in Halmstad, Sweden. Meanwhile, Ahmet Li was automatically selected among the top 22 eligible players in the men's singles based on the ITTF Olympic Rankings.
Taekwondo
Turkey entered two athletes into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. 2012 Olympic featherweight champion Servet Tazegül and silver medalist Nur Tatar qualified automatically for their respective weight classes by finishing in the top 6 WTF Olympic rankings.
Tennis
Turkey has entered one tennis player into the Olympic tournament. Due to the withdrawal of several tennis players from the Games, Çağla Büyükakçay (world no. 77) received a spare ITF Olympic place to compete in the women's singles, as the next highest-ranked eligible player, not yet qualified, in the WTA World Rankings as of June 6, 2016.
Weightlifting
Turkish weightlifters have qualified three women's quota places for the Rio Olympics based on their combined team standing by points at the 2014 and 2015 IWF World Championships. A single men's Olympic spot had been added to the Turkish roster by virtue of a top seven national finish at the 2016 European Championships. The team must allocate these places to individual athletes by June 20, 2016.
Wrestling
Turkey has qualified a total of fourteen wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic competition. Four of them finished among the top six to book Olympic spots in the men's freestyle (86 & 125 kg), men's Greco-Roman 130 kg, and women's freestyle 58 kg at the 2015 World Championships, while three additional licenses were awarded to Turkish wrestlers, who progressed to the top two finals at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament.
The remaining half of the Turkish roster secured their Olympic places to complete the wrestling line-up in separate World Qualification Tournaments; three of them at the initial meet in Ulaanbaatar and four more at the final meet in Istanbul.
See also
Turkey at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
William Sutton may refer to:
William Sutton (VC) (1830–1888), English recipient of the Victoria Cross
Will Sutton (born 1991), American football player
Will Sutton (footballer), English footballer
Bill Sutton (New Zealand politician) (born 1944), New Zealand Labour politician
Bill Sutton (Kansas politician), American politician and member of the Kansas House of Representatives
William Sutton (songwriter), 18th-century songwriter/poet, possibly from Stockton
William Sutton (Southport) (1752–1840), hotelier
Bill Sutton (artist) (1917–2000), New Zealand artist
Willie Sutton (1901–1980), bank robber
William Richard Sutton (1833–1900), founder of Sutton Carriers and philanthropist founder of Sutton Housing Trusts
William Sutton, co-founder of the Rover car company
William Sutton, footballer who played for Everton F.C. in the 1894/95 season
William Sutton (lawyer) (c.1410–1480), Irish judge
William S. Sutton, Canadian politician in New Brunswick
William John Sutton (1859–1914), timberman, pioneer and promoter of Vancouver Island, British Columbia
Haedropleura pellyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
Description
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Persian Gulf, off Madagascar, the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Myanmar, Thailand
References
Worldwide Mollusca Species Data Base: Haedropleura pellyi
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1-1295.
pellyi
Gastropods described in 1882
Avalon is an unincorporated community in southern Ellis County, Texas, United States.
History
Avalon is primarily a farming community located at the intersection of FM 55 & TX Hwy 34 in southern Ellis County. Avalon still operates one of the county's few cotton gins. Prior to the Great Depression and current through today, Avalon and its surrounding rural farmland produces much of the cotton output for Ellis County. For a period of time in the 1830s, Ellis County was the top producing cotton county in the world, in large part due to Avalon's output. Many of the cotton field scenes filmed in the movie Places in the Heart were shot just north of Avalon.
Avalon has had a US post office since 1937. The town has both an elementary school and high school. In 2005, Avalon began play in the Texas Six Man Football program. Prior to this time, Avalon had been a basketball rich school, producing some of the finest Class B/1A basketball teams in the 1960s through 1990s. Avalon has also developed a fine baseball team producing several playoff appearances.
In the late 1980s/early 1990s Avalon was at the center of the Superconducting Super Collider project. Government funding for the project was pulled, killing the project.
The Avalon Independent School District serves area students.
On April 25, 2011, an EF0 tornado touched down in Avalon causing minor damage.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Ellis County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
"Tell that to the Marines" is a 1918 song, written during World War I. Jean Schwartz and Al Jolson composed the music; Harold Atteridge wrote the lyrics. Al Jolson performed an early version of the song. Based on sales estimates, it reached number two on the Top 100 US songs of its time.
The lyrics reference the catchphrase, Tell It to the Marines, and they address Kaiser Wilhelm directly.
Lyrics
Do you remember, Kaiser Bill
About a year ago?
We told your old friend Bernstorff
That he better pack and go
You laughed and said
"America possessed no fighting stuff,"
Until our fighting Yankee boys
Walked in and called your bluff
That Monte Cristo idea will not do
If you think that the world belongs to you
Well, tell that to the Marines--
Those deviling hounds who know what fighting means
You are going to lick the world-- you said you will--
If you mean Uncle Sam, now listen Kaiser Bill:
Tell that to the Marines
The first to fight on all the fighting scenes
If you think you'll sink our new boat
With your damned old u-boat
Tell that to the Marines
That line of Hindenburg's would never break, you made a vow
It must be made of rubber, Bill
The way it's bending now
The Krupp works that you bragged about
You rave of them no more
We'll change them to the bankrupt works when we end up this war
So Kaiser Bill at warfare we are new
If you think now the Yankee drive is through
Well, tell that to the Marines
Those deviling hounds who know what fighting means
We are going to have six million men in line
Kaiser Bill, if you don't think they will cross the Rhine
Tell that to the Marines
The first to fight on all the fighting scenes
If you think the Yanks won't whirl-in
Right straight into Berlin
Tell that to the Marines!
References
Songs about sailors
Songs about soldiers
Works about the United States Navy
1918 songs
Songs about Wilhelm II
Songs of World War I
Songs written by Al Jolson
Songs with music by Jean Schwartz
Songs with lyrics by Harold R. Atteridge
Al Jolson songs
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 5, 1946. All of the state's executive officers—the governor, secretary of state, auditor, treasurer, and superintendent of public instruction—were up for election. The election was largely a rout for the Republican Party. Though Democratic governor Lester C. Hunt was narrowly re-elected, Democrats lost their two other state offices: auditor and secretary of State (which they picked up following a vacancy). Moreover, they were unable to win back any other state offices.
Governor
Incumbent Democratic governor Lester C. Hunt ran for re-election to a second term. Though his predecessor, former governor Nels H. Smith, planned a rematch against Hunt, he lost the Republican primary to State Treasurer Earl Wright. In the general election, Hunt defeated Wright by a narrow margin, but improved from his 1942 election. During Hunt's second term, he would be elected to the U.S. Senate in 1948, vacating his office. Secretary of State Arthur G. Crane ascended to the governorship, while still acting as secretary of state.
Secretary of State
In 1944, Republican secretary of state Mart Christensen died while in office. Governor Hunt appointed longtime State Auditor William M. Jack as Christensen's replacement. Jack declined to run for re-election or for any other office, creating an open seat. Earl R. Burns, the Chairman of the Wyoming Public Service Commission, won the Democratic nomination unopposed and advanced to the general election against Arthur G. Crane, the former President of the University of Wyoming. The general election was not close, and Crane was elected secretary of state over Burns by a landslide. During Crane's term, Governor Hunt would be elected to the U.S. Senate, and Crane would serve as both acting governor and secretary of state.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Earl R. Burns, chairman of the Wyoming Public Service Commission
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Arthur G. Crane, former President of the University of Wyoming
Thomas A. Nicholas, former Campbell County and Crook County Prosecuting Attorney, 1938 Republican candidate for Governor
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Following the death of Secretary of State Mart T. Christensen, Democratic state auditor William M. Jack was appointed as his replacement by governor, who, in turn, appointed Carl Robinson as Jack's successor. In 1945, Robinson resigned from office and Governor Hunt appointed former Congressman John J. McIntyre as his replacement. McIntyre opted to run for Congress rather than seek re-election, and no other Democratic candidates filed for the election. In early July, however, Major Alvin C. Wade of the United States Army announced a write-in campaign, and won enough votes to receive the Democratic nomination. In the general election, Copenhaver defeated Wade by a decisive margin.
Democratic primary
No Democratic candidates filed to run for auditor. However, on July 8, Major Alvin C. Wade of the U.S. Army announced that he would run as a write-in candidate for the party's nomination. He accepted the nomination upon receiving the requisite number of write-in votes.
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver, assistant state examiner, former deputy secretary of state, former state representative from Converse County, 1942 Republican nominee for auditor
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican state treasurer Earl Wright, unable to seek re-election, instead opted to run for Governor. Doc Rogers, who had unsuccessfully run for Auditor in 1938 and Treasurer in 1942, ran against State Senator Thomas Stirling and former state representative Carl Dallam in a close Republican primary. Rogers was narrowly leading Stirling as votes were tallied on election night, with the final tally putting him ahead of Stirling by 99 votes. However, alleged irregularities with how the primary was conducted in Natrona County were raised, namely that "candidate names had not been properly placed on ballots and that ballots had been opened before being placed in ballot boxes." However, the secretary of state's office concluded that it was without jurisdiction to evaluate the allegations and certified Rogers's nomination.
In the general election, Rogers faced Democratic nominee David B. Gilfillan, the State Commissioner of Labor. Despite the closeness of the Republican primary and allegations of impropriety, the general election was not close, and Rogers defeated Gilfillan in a landslide.
Democratic primary
Candidates
David B. Gilfillan
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Doc Rogers, former Deputy Secretary of State, 1942 Republican candidate for treasurer, 1938 Republican nominee for Auditor
Thomas Stirling, state senator from Weston County
Carl A. Dallam, former state representative
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of public instruction
Incumbent Republican superintendent of public instruction Esther Anderson declined to run for a third term, instead endorsing Edna B. Stolt, the Supervisor of Elementary and Special Education the State Department of Education, as her successor. Stolt faced high school teacher Nancy L. Jones and former governor Alonzo M. Clark in the Republican primary, whom she narrowly defeated to advance to the general election. Velma Linford, a high school teacher, won the Democratic primary unopposed and opposed Stolt in the general election. Despite the broad support for Republican candidates around the state, the race between Stolt and Linford was close, with Stolt only beating her opponent by 2,545 votes.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Velma Linford, Laramie High School teacher
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Edna B. Stolt, Wyoming Department of Education supervisor of elementary and special education
Nancy L. Jones, Laramie High School teacher
Alonzo M. Clark, former governor of Wyoming
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Carenum amplicolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
amplicolle
Beetles described in 1897
The 1964 Tower Hamlets Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Tower Hamlets London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party won control.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough council. Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Bethnal Green, Metropolitan Borough of Poplar and Metropolitan Borough of Stepney. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Tower Hamlets by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 115 candidates stood for the 60 seats, across 20 wards. 6 seats in two wards were uncontested. The Labour party fielded a full slate of candidates, while the Liberal and Conservative parties stood 19 and 17 respectively. Other candidates included 13 Communists, 2 Residents, 2 Union Movement, 1 Independent and 1 Independent Labour Party. There were 14 three-seat wards, 3 four-seat wards and 3 two-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour win 55 of the 60 seats, Communists 3 and Residents 2. Conservative and Liberal candidates failed to win any seats. Overall turnout in the election was 16.9%. This turnout included 197 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
The first icebreaker Krassin, or Krasin, () was built for the Imperial Russian Navy as Svyatogor. She had a long, distinguished career in rescue operations, as well as a pathfinder and explorer of the Northern Sea Route. She has been fully restored to operating condition and is now a museum ship in Saint Petersburg.
History
The icebreaker was built by Armstrong Whitworth in Newcastle upon Tyne under the supervision of Yevgeny Zamyatin. The vessel was launched as the Svyatogor on 3 August 1916 and completed in February 1917. Up to the beginning of the 1950s she remained the most powerful icebreaker in the world.
During the allied intervention against the Bolsheviks in Northern Russia (1918–19) she was scuttled by Bolshevik forces to block the port at Arkhangelsk. The Royal Navy raised her for use in the White Sea and later brought her to England. She was moved from Devonport to Scapa Flow for crushing hurdles put up to prevent German submarines entering. During this time she undertook minesweeping duties.
Svyatogor was returned to the USSR under the Krasin trade agreement in 1921. In 1927 she was renamed by the Soviet government to honor a recently deceased early Bolshevik leader and Soviet diplomat Leonid Krasin.
Perhaps the most famous duty the Krassin performed was rescuing General Umberto Nobile and his surviving crew when their airship Italia crashed on the ice upon returning from the North Pole in 1928. On return from this mission Krassin helped to repair the German passenger ship Monte Cervantes, with 1,835 passengers on board, after it hit an iceberg and its hull was severely damaged.
In 1933 Krassin became the first vessel to reach the inaccessible northern shores of Novaya Zemlya in the history of navigation. In 1938, the Krassin rescued Icebreaker Lenin and her convoy, trapped in ice at the end of the previous summer.
During World War II, Krassin participated in many Russian convoys. In 1941 the US Government entered into negotiations with the Soviet Government for the purchase or lease of one or more of their modern icebreakers for use by the US Coast Guard on the east coast of Greenland. The Krassin was offered, and crossed the Pacific to Bremerton, Washington. She was surveyed and found to be in need of repairs totalling about $500,000. Funds were allocated from President Franklin D. Roosevelt's "Emergency Fund for the President", but negotiations came to an abrupt end on 25 November 1941. Although the Krassin never served in the Coast Guard, the service gained valuable knowledge about icebreakers that was put to use in the design of the Wind class icebreakers.
She continued her journey through the Panama Canal to Great Britain, where she was armed with surface and anti-aircraft guns and proceeded to Reykjavik, Iceland to join convoy PQ-15. She escorted the convoy through the North and Barents Seas, around the Kola Peninsula and into Murmansk. In 1942 the Krassin and Lenin were spotted at the Mona Islands in the Kara Sea by a Kriegsmarine plane during Operation Wunderland. The heavy cruiser Admiral Scheer rushed to find them, but providential bad weather, fog and ice conditions saved the icebreakers from destruction.
Between August 1953 to June 1960, under the East German war reparations program, Krassin was extensively reconstructed at VEB Mathias-Thesen-Werft, Wismar, Germany. She served the Arctic Northern Sea Route until 1971, then was used as an Arctic scientific vessel by the International Fund for the History of Science. Fund president Arkady Melua took part in the ownership transfer on August 10, 1989. The ship was then used for the import of used cars from Europe to Russia, and then sold by Melua to the JSC "Tehimeks." JSC "Tehimeks" planned to sell the icebreaker to the United States of America to be broken up as scrap metal. After the failure of the deal caused by the Russian government it was registered at St. Petersburg, where it was docked as a floating museum.
Today
After the war, the historic icebreaker took an active part in research expeditions in the Polar Ocean and led Soviet cargo convoys through the polar region. Rather than being destroyed (like the Icebreaker Yermak) to make way for more modern ships, the Krassin was preserved and restored. The vessel is now a museum ship in Saint Petersburg, the only icebreaker maritime museum commemorating the Arctic convoys. She has been fully restored to operating condition and there are plans to sail her to various European ports.
An island in the Nordenskiöld Archipelago was named after this icebreaker. Postage stamps and a coin have been issued in her honor.
See also
Yakov Legzdin
References
External links
«Sankt-peterburgskie vedomosti» 13.09.91 г. «„Krasin“ is sinking down»
«Kommersant» Num. 035 от 02-09-91 The legendary Krasin is floating to metal
The history of the icebreaker «Krasin»
Federal investigation bearou
Icebreakers of the Soviet Union
Icebreakers of Russia
Krassin
Ships built on the River Tyne
1916 ships
Ships built by Armstrong Whitworth
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Saint Petersburg
Indrani Haldar is an Indian actress who is mostly known for her work in Bengali cinema. She was conferred with a National Award, three BFJA Awards and two Anandalok Awards.
Halder made her debut in 1986 with the Bengali TV series Tero Parbon directed by Jochon Dastidar. She made her big screen debut opposite Prosenjit Chatterjee in Mandira (1990). She has appeared in numerous films, telefilms and TV series and hit the pinnacle of her career with the Bengali TV series Goyenda Ginni. She appeared in critically acclaimed films such as Charachar, Dahan, Anu, Sajhbatir Rupkathara, Faltu, Tokhon Teish, Mayurakshi to name a few. She has also worked at Maa Shakti by BR Chopra.
Career
Indrani made her acting debut in the television serial Tero Parban (1986). She lived in Mumbai during 2008 to 2013 to act in Hindi TV serials.
In January 2022, she sang the Dwijendralal Ray song "Dhono Dhanne Pushpe Bhora" in a show at the request of one. However, she thought it is Rabindranath Tagore's song. And so she was trolled on social media.
Filmography
Biswas Abiswas (with Prosenjit Chatterjee)
Saptami (with Prosenjit Chatterjee)
Gouri (with Tapas Pal)
Nilimay Nil (with Tapas Pal)
Antortomo (with Tapas Pal)
Jaybijay (with Chiranjit Chakraborty)
Prem Sanghat (with Chiranjit Chakraborty)
Debor (with Tapash Paul)
Bhalobasha (with Prasenjit Chatterjee, Savitri Chatterjee, Manaj Mitra, Bharat Kaul)
Antarbash (with Debosree Roy, Chiranjeet Chakrabarty, Firdaus Ahmed)
Tin Bhuboner Paare
Sesh Ashray (with Arjun Chakraborty)
Saikat Sangeet
Sagar Banya (with Prasenjit Chatterjee, Abhisek Chatterjee)
Chakravyuha
Atltaayi (with Chiranjeet Chakrabarty)
Jeebon Pakhi
Ebong Tumi Aar Aami (with Sanjib Dasgupta, Soumitra Chatterjee)
Daydayikta (with Prasenjit Chatterjee, Ranjit Mallick, Rituparna Sengupta)
Apon Holo Par (with Prasenjit Chatterjee)
Sampradaan (Directed by Bappaditya Banerjee, with Anusuya Majumdar, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty)
Shwet Patharer Thala (Directed by Prabhat Roy, with Aparna Sen, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Dipankar Dey)
Kaancher Prithibi (with Ayan Banerjee, Labani Sarkar)
Daan Protidan (with Tapash Paul, Sukhen Das, Koushik Banerjee, Rachana Banerjee)
Charachar (1993) (Directed by Buddhadeb Dasgupta)
Biyer Phool (1996) (with Prasenjit Chatterjee, Rani Mukherjee)
Jamaibabu (with Tapash Paul, Abhisek Chatterjee)
Lal Darja (1997) (Directed by Buddhadeb Dasgupta)
Dahan (1997) (with Rituparna Sengupta)
Anu (Directed by Satarupa Sanyal)
Paromitar Ek Din (2000)
Buk Bhara Bhalobasa (2000) (with Arun Govil)
Dekha (2001) (with Soumitra Chatterjee)
Bhairav (2001)
Bor Kone (with Prasenjit Chatterjee)
Saanjhbatir Roopkathara
Debdas (2002)
Anandalok
Assassin
Faltu (2006)
Asamapto
Aankush
Jara Brishtitey Bhijechhilo (2007)
Raatporir Rupkatha (with Jackie Shroff)
Chowdhary Paribar
Angshumaner Chhobi (2009)
Noyoner Alo
Antim Swash Sundar
Banshiwala (2010) (Directed by Anjan Das, with Paoli Dam, Sayan Munshi)
Takhan Teish (2010)
Mistake (2013)
Strings of Passion (2014)
Aro Akbar (2015) (with Rituparna, Rupa Ganguli)
Drishyantar (with Srabanti Chatterjee)
Mayurakshi
Sagor Banya (with Prasenjit, Abhishek)
Dabidar (with Tapash Paul)
Dadabhai (with Chiranjit)
Thikana Rajpath (with Debosree, Ferdouse)
Antorbas (with Chiranjit)
Kuler Achar (2022)
Television, short films and web series
"TBA" as protagonist - "ZEE5" Web Series, directed by "Indraneel Roy Chowdhury" (upcoming)
Seemarekha as Seema and Rekha-Dual role (Zee Bangla)
Goyenda Ginni as Poroma (Zee Bangla)
Spandan (Zee Bangla)
Sreemoyee (Star Jalsha)
Savitri - EK Prem Kahani as Leena Roy Choudhary (2013)
Maryada: Lekin Kab Tak?
Fakir
Tithir Atithi
Kuasha Jakhan (with soumitra chaterjee)
Bahanno Episode(Directed by Rituporno ghosh)
Tamasharekha (Zee Bangla)
Purbo Purush
Bhool Thikana
Jeebon Rekha (Zee Bangla)
Hamaari Shaadi(Directed by Basu chatterjee)
Tero Parban
Prashchito (NTV Bengali Telefilm)
Pinzor (NTV Bengali Telefilm)
Sujata produced by BR chopra
Maa Shakti by BR Chopra
Somoy (with Abir Chatterjee, Parno Mitra) (Rupasi Bangla)
Savitri
Sanai(Akash Bangla, with Arunima Ghosh)
Rajmahal (Akash Aat)
Bahnishikha
Khonik Bosonto (BTV Telefilm 2002)
Sange Indrani - a weekly interview on Tara TV featuring celebrity guests, hosted by Haldar
Kapalkundala
Kudrat as Ganga Ajaynarayan Seth
Mahalaya
Awards
Madrid International Film Festival - Best Actress Award for Jara Bristite Bhijechhilo (2008)
References
External links
Indian film actresses
Living people
Indian soap opera actresses
Best Actress National Film Award winners
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Bengali cinema
20th-century Indian actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
A Broke Moon Rises is a studio album by American musician David Pajo, under his pseudonym Papa M. It was released August 17, 2018 under Drag City.
Critical reception
A Broke Moon Rises was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 74, based on 7 reviews.
Track listing
References
2018 albums
David Pajo albums
Drag City (record label) albums
Charles Albert Vanik (April 7, 1913 – August 30, 2007) was a Democratic politician from Ohio. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1955 to 1981.
Early life
Vanik was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the son of Stella (Kvasnicka) and Charles Albert Vanik, a butcher. He was of Czech ancestry. His maternal grandmother, Alžběta Seberová (1868-1948), was born in Hracholusky. Vanik completed undergraduate studies and a law degree at Western Reserve University. After serving on the Cleveland City Council from 1938 to 1939 and the Ohio State Senate from 1940 to 1942, Vanik enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve, seeing action in both the Atlantic and Pacific theaters. After the war, Vanik served as a city judge from 1946 to 1954.
United States House of Representatives
In 1954, he ran for Ohio's 21st congressional district. The district, located on Cleveland's East Side, was evenly divided between African Americans, who were then solidly Republican voters, and whites, who were mostly Democrats. In the Democratic primary, Vanik defeated longtime incumbent Congressman Robert Crosser as well as African-American challenger John Holly, founder of the Negro Future Outlook League.
In the general election, Vanik defeated African-American Republican Francis E. Young, who helped organize the Cleveland branch of the NAACP. Vanik shifted districts in 1968 to the neighboring , to make way for Louis Stokes whose growing political operation had challenged him in previous races, defeating Frances P. Bolton, who had served the district since 1939. Vanik served in the district until 1981.
In 1974, Vanik sponsored the Jackson–Vanik amendment with Sen. Henry "Scoop" Jackson, which denied normal trade relations to certain countries with non-market economies that restricted the freedom of emigration. The amendment was intended to allow refugees, particularly religious minorities, to escape from the Soviet Bloc. During this time, Vanik was the chair of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade.
He used to insert into the Congressional Record what he called the "Annual Corporate Tax Study" in which he'd list corporations that paid little to no federal income taxes.
In 1982, Vanik contested for the Democratic nomination for lieutenant-governor of Ohio as running mate with Ohio Attorney General William J. Brown who was running for governor. The ticket lost to Richard F. Celeste and Myrl Shoemaker. Vanik was known for wearing black bow ties with every suit.
Death
Vanik died in his sleep on August 30, 2007, at his home in Jupiter, Florida. He was 94. He was survived by his wife, Betty, one son, one daughter and two grandchildren.
References
External links
Charles A. Vanik A Memorial site created by the Vanik Family
Retrieved on 2009-5-16
Obituary from The Cleveland Plain Dealer
1913 births
2007 deaths
Politicians from Cleveland
American people of Czech descent
United States Navy sailors
Cleveland City Council members
Ohio lawyers
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Case Western Reserve University School of Law alumni
Recipients of the Order of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
Ohio state senators
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
is a Japanese light novel series written by Makoto Sanda (Rental Magica) and illustrated by Mineji Sakamoto. Officially part of the Fate series, it began serialization by Type-Moon under the Type-Moon Books imprint on December 30, 2014 to May 17, 2019. The novels are set between the events of Fate/Zero and Fate/stay night, focusing on Lord El-Melloi II, a former master who now investigates several mysteries after his participation in the Fourth Holy Grail War. A sequel novel series, , began publishing on December 25, 2020.
Two media adaptations were officially made: a manga adaptation by Makoto Sanda with illustrations from Tō Azuma began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine on October 4, 2017 and an anime adaptation by Troyca, which adapts the Rail Zeppelin chapter, aired from July 6 to September 28, 2019. Special edition episodes of the anime adaptation aired on December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2021.
Story
Taking place 10 years after the events of Fourth Holy Grail War and 2 months before the events of Fate/stay night, the story focuses on Lord El-Melloi II, formerly known as Waver Velvet, a successor of Kayneth and former master in the last Grail War, who is now a professor under the ranks of the Mage's Association. In his years as a professor in the Clock Tower, he is acting as the temporary head of the El-Melloi household until a proper successor can take over. When strange mysteries involving magic start occurring throughout London, he teams up with his apprentice, Gray, to solve these magical cases and expose the hidden conspiracies that drive the Mage's Association.
Characters
Main characters
Played by: Yuya Matsushita
The protagonist of the series. He was first introduced as a side character and participant in the Fourth Holy Grail War of Fate/Zero as the Master of Rider, Iskandar. After the events of Fate/Zero, he returned to the Clock Tower to resume his study of magecraft. The previous Lord El-Melloi had been killed during the events of Fate/Zero which resulted in a sharp decline of the El-Melloi clan. Waver assumes the title of Lord El-Melloi II after agreeing to assist the true heir, Reines El-Melloi Archisorte, in restoring the clan until she is old enough to take charge.
Played by: Saho Aono
An apprentice of Lord El-Melloi II, she is a girl who lived in the countryside of Britain before moving to the city. Originally a normal villager, she is revealed to have been altered since birth as a vessel for the second coming of Artoria Pendragon, the Saber-class servant of the Fourth Holy Grail War to wield the Holy Spear Rhongomyniad. Born as a result of her village's attempts, her wielding the spear results in her appearance to slowly starting to transform into that of Artoria's. After El-Melloi II realizes who she is, he requests that Gray keeps her face hidden under her hood. In Fate/Grand Order, she was identified as a Assassin-class Demi-servant, similar to Mash Kyrielight.
Gray's Mystic Code, a form of the Holy Spear Rhongomyniad taking the form a cube-like entity to preserve the spear's mystery. Extremely talkative and can transform into a scythe for Gray to wield as a weapon. His personality is implied to be based on Sir Kay, Artoria's brother.
Played by: Kaho Amasaki
Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald's niece and the bloodline successor of the El-Melloi Household. As a result of her age and inexperience she requests that Waver Velvet, Lord El-Melloi II, lead the household until she is ready. She treats him as though he is her older brother. She is equipped with a powerful Mystic Eyes ability and was always seen with Trimmau, her Mystic Code which also serves as her maid.
Played by: Takeru Naya
One of the students of Lord El-Melloi II in the Modern Magecraft class. He is both smart yet also dimwitted. He first appeared as one of the main protagonist of Fate/strange fake as the master of False Berserker.
Played by: Ryūjirō Izaki
One of the Lord El-Melloi II's prominent students in the Modern Magecraft class. He is nicknamed "le chien" (the dog in French) by Flat due to his Beast Magecraft skills which gives him wolf-like sense of smell and speed.
Also a student of Lord El-Melloi II and the oldest heir of the Forvedge family. He enrolled to the Mages' Association when his sister Fiore stepped down as the heir of the family. He first appeared in an alternate timeline as one of the protagonists in Fate/Apocrypha as the master of Berserker of Black under the Yggdmillennia clan.
An old friend of Lord El-Melloi II and a member of the Mages' Association from the Creation Department, who is responsible for Waver's participation in the Fourth Holy Grail War in Fuyuki, Japan. He is also a legendary Tuner for Magic Crests and carries a violin to tune them. He is the only one who calls Waver by his original name and not by his title.
Played by: Kazuho Sō
An officer from the Policies Department of the Clock Tower debuting from the Adra Castle Separation arc.
The main antagonist debuting from the Rail Zeppelin arc. He was the previous head of the Modern Magecraft Theory Department and was responsible for the murders of mages who had their heads stolen along with their Mystic Eyes seven years prior to the start of the series. He is named "Heartless" due to his heart being stolen by fairies. After he summoned Hephaestion, he ranked her as a Faker-class Servant, which he created.
El-Melloi classroom
A student from the El-Melloi Classroom debuting from the Rail Zeppelin arc and involved in the Mystic Eyes Collection Train incident. Her family specializes in gems to create Mystic Eyes. She also wishes to become Lord El-Melloi II's mistress, much to his chagrin.
Servants
–
A Mysterious servant belonging to Doctor Heartless. Although summoned as Hephaestion, she is actually its twin sister; "Iskandar's Shadow". She was summoned by Heartless using the stolen piece of Iskandar's cape and harbors deep hatred to Waver concerning his relation to his previous servant.
Media
Novel
The Case Files of Lord El-Melloi II was written by Makoto Sanda, considered to be his first work after being approached by Type-Moon. During a session of tabletop RPG game Red Dragon, alongside Nasu and Gen Urobuchi, Nasu asked Makoto if he could actually write a story for the Fate Series. It was then on TYPE-MOON FEST in July 2012 that Nasu asked Makoto to write a story for Waver Velvet/Lord El-Melloi II, on which he agreed. The first novel was first published by Type-Moon under their Type-Moon Books label on Comiket 87 on December 30, 2014. The tenth and last was published on May 17, 2019. It was illustrated by Mineji Sakamoto. Kadokawa Shoten later released the novels in a paperback edition.
A sequel novel series titled was announced in December 2019. The first volume was released on December 25, 2020.
Manga
A manga adaptation by Makoto Sanda with illustrations from Tō Azuma began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine on October 4, 2017. As of May 2022, nine volumes have been released.
Anime
An anime adaptation of the novels, which only adapts the Rail Zeppelin storyline under the title was announced at the Fate Project New Year's TV special on December 31, 2018, which also aired a special episode of the series. The series is animated by Troyca. Makoto Katō directs the series with Ukyō Kodachi as its writer, while Yuki Kajiura composes the music for the series. Jun Nakai is the character designer, while Ei Aoki is credited as supervisor. It aired from July 6 to September 28, 2019 on Tokyo MX, BS11, GTV, GYT, and MBS. Kajiura composed the series' opening theme song "starting the case: Rail Zeppelin", while ASCA performs the series' ending theme song , with lyrics written by Kajiura. Aniplex of America and Crunchyroll streamed the series in North America, Central America, South America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand. AnimeLab streamed the series in Australia and New Zealand. Funimation also simulcasted the series in their streaming site in North America. On October 3, 2020, which is Waver's birthday, Aniplex of America announced they will be releasing the series in a Blu-ray box set with a full English dub. The set was released on December 15, 2020.
During Aniplex Online Fest 2021, it was announced that the series will receive a special edition episode. It aired on December 31, 2021. ASCA performed the theme song .
Video games
Characters of the novel series also appeared in Delightworks's mobile role playing game Fate/Grand Order as special servants based on the characters. Waver Velvet/Lord El-Melloi II is a main five-star Caster-class Servant under the name of Zhuge Liang and has appeared in the Fate/Accel Zero Order event as a main character and guide. Gray, Reines (under the name of Sima Yi) and Luvia (under the name of Astraea) all were added as servants in the Lady Reines' Case Files collaboration event. Both Gray and Luvia are four-star Assassin and Ruler class Servants respectively, however Reines is a five-star just like her adoptive older brother, in the Rider class.
Stage play
A stage play adaptation based on the novel's "Adra Castle Separation" chapter, began on December 14, 2019 and concluded on January 19, 2020. Voice Actors Daisuke Ono, Akio Ōtsuka and Takumi Yamazaki, who voice Add, Rider (Iskandar) and Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald respectively, reprised their roles for the play. Limited release of the musical was released on blu-ray July 8, 2020.
Notes
References
External links
Official novels website
Official manga website
Official anime website
Official anime website
Official stage play website
2014 Japanese novels
2019 anime television series debuts
2017 manga
Anime and manga based on light novels
Anime composed by Yuki Kajiura
Aniplex
Fate/stay night anime
Fate/stay night manga
Fate/stay night novels
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Light novels
Mystery anime and manga
Seinen manga
Troyca
Type-Moon
The Kahuzi horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus kahuzi) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae, which is found in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is named after Mount Kahuzi.
References
Rhinolophidae
Mammals described in 2013
Bats of Africa
Mammals of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1904 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Kagoshima
Yungaba is a heritage-listed villa at 74 Ward Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. The design is attributed to James Flint and it was built from 1890 to 1950s. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 24 March 2000. Although originally constructed as a private residence, it was known as "Yungaba Migrant Hostel" during its use as a migrant hostel in the 1950s.
History
Yungaba was constructed in 1890 as a private residence for John Ferguson's daughter Catherine Jane Ferguson and her husband, solicitor, Charles Sydney Jones (co-founder of Rees Jones Solicitors), one of the oldest surviving legal practices in Queensland today. The house was named "Killin" after Ferguson's parish in Scotland but was popularly known by locals as "McRich" which may be loosely interpreted as "son of rich man".
John Ferguson arrived in Rockhampton during the 1860s and quickly established himself as a builder and contractor. In 1884, he purchased a large share in the Mount Morgan mine, becoming very wealthy when the public company was floated. He was a prominent political figure in Rockhampton and later a Senator in the first Australian federal parliament.
The house was designed by architect James Flint. In 1887, Flint had opened a practice in Rockhampton which was booming as a result of the Mount Morgan Mine. His most notable works are the mansion, "Kenmore House", he designed for John Ferguson (1893–94) and the Criterion Hotel (1888–89). Both works are claimed to be the most florid examples of Victorian Architecture in Queensland.
In 1896, Charles Sydney Jones died and the house was left to his wife Catherine. It is not clear if she remained living in the house as there are reports that Dr John Cani, the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Rockhampton occupied the house in 1895. The property was most definitely purchased in 1898 by Dr Cani's successor Rev. Dr Joseph Higgins. During Higgins' ownership, architects Eaton and Bates were commissioned to design alterations and additions to the residence. The exact extent of works is not clearly understood but it is likely that included the roof top promenade deck and chapel constructed at the north east corner of the house. George Thomas Eaton and Albert Edmund Bates opened their practice in Rockhampton in 1894 having both previously worked for John Kirkpatrick in Sydney. Their practice flourished and branches were opened in Mount Morgan, Longreach, Clermont, Townsville and Rockhampton before moving their main office to Brisbane in 1902. Commissions from the Catholic church constituted a large portion of their work.
Higgins was transferred to Ballarat and the property was purchased by the Duncan sisters in 1909 and then by grazier Robert Donaldson in 1919. In 1925 the residence was purchased by notable Rockhampton solicitor Hugh Grant. It is reported that the promenade deck resounded with music and laughter whenever young people gathered for private dances which were part of the social life of the times. Grant subdivided the original 2 acre 32 perch site into four parcels of land. This new configuration comprised three 32 perch sites along Ward Street, numbered lots 2, 3 and 4 and the remainder of the original land parcel on which "Killin" was located numbered Lot 1. The larger allotment was configured to allow independent access to Ward Street.
The promenade deck and rear chapel may have been removed from the house during Hugh Grant's occupation. It is thought that the promenade deck was removed as it had deteriorated significantly while the chapel was removed and relocated into town where it was adapted to a private residence.
During World War II the house was commandeered from Grant by the United States Army as General Robert L. Eichelberger's headquarters. From this location Eichelberger coordinated the American army contingent stationed in Rockhampton. During the army's occupation a number of minor sanitary plumbing fixtures were introduced into some of the rooms. These plumbing installations were photographically documented by the US Army. A photo of the whole house taken at the time clearly shows the promenade deck removed, thus supporting reports of its removal during Hugh Grants ownership.
The Queensland Government purchased the house in 1949 for offices. With the war over, Australia again needed large numbers of migrants to fuel the economic development of the country. As part of this initiative the Queensland government decided to adapt "Killin" as a hostel for sponsored migrants. Not since the 1860s had Rockhampton received migrants as part of a government initiative.
As an immigration hostel the original house was substantially altered. Alterations and additions included the construction of male and female bathroom facilities in the north west corner of the house; expansion of the bedrooms onto the existing verandahs; possible construction of the central clerestorey roof where the promenade deck once sat; possible removal of the entry gable roof and two way stairs; and construction of an ancillary dormitory wing to the west of the house. These extensions are no longer in place today.
The adaptation of Killin to a migrant hostel also included a name change to Yungaba. As part of the push for post war immigration, the state government sought to improve the cold and impersonal image of the state immigration depot at Kangaroo Point, Brisbane. Premier Ned Hanlon requested the building be given a new name of Aboriginal origin meaning welcome or resting place. Experts advised that no such translation existed and as such an alternative was selected from a Maryborough dialect. The Brisbane immigration depot was officially renamed "Yungaba" (an aboriginal word meaning "land of the sun"). "Killin" was also renamed "Yungaba"; it is assumed that the renaming was at Hanlon's request.
The functions of Yungaba in Rockhampton were to:
receive and investigate all nominations
to attend to reception on arriva
to provide temporary accommodation for migrants whose destination is to distant parts
to attend to problems of welfare and after-care
It is unconfirmed when "Yungaba" formally closed as an immigration hostel. However it is reported that the building lay vacant during much of the 1960s. During the 1970s the Queensland Government Department of Family Services occupied the house. The house was occupied by Families Youth and Community Care who use the building for administrative and interview purposes, followed by Disability Services Queensland until around 2007. Apart from the adaptive works undertaken in the initial postwar period, the government had made few alterations to the building fabric of the house. It was privately purchased in 2009 by Rockhampton residents and it is currently a beautifully restored family home. Meticulous historical research and careful planning has brought Yungaba as close to its former majesty as possible.
Description
Yungaba Migrant Hostel is a fine intact example of a late nineteenth century grand house. It is located at 74 Ward Street, on the Athelstane Range, Rockhampton on a site which falls from the rear of the property at the north, toward the southern Ward Street frontage. The house is centrally located at the rear of the property with an ancillary building positioned beside it on the western boundary. A number of significant trees located along the Ward street frontage obscure a complete view of the house beyond.
Also located along the Ward Street frontage is a privately owned single storey dwelling sited on the remaining 32 perch parcel of land subdivided from the original two acre 32 perch site.
A bitumen driveway enters the site on the western side of the property and rises up to the main southern entry of the house before slowly turning back down the slope to exit on the opposing side of the site. The driveway also continues around the house to form a ring road and there is a small car parking area located on the north east side of the house.
A line of palm trees follows the driveway from the street entry up to the main entrance. A concrete entry stair complete with decorative sides, base piers and associated flower pots creates a grand entry from the driveway to the entry terrace before ascending the timber and lace-worked gable (2012) onto the verandah.
Yungaba itself is a single storey residence of timber construction. Elevated slightly above ground level the house is clad in a combination of timber weatherboards and chamferboards and has an impressive roofline which builds symmetrically from the verandah through the body of the house to a large central clerestorey roof which was formerly the promenade deck. Decorated chimneys are positioned in three corners of the roof effectively framing the clerestorey roof as one moves around the house.
Verandahs surround the southern, eastern and western elevations of the house, however the verandah to the northern rear of the house has been enclosed to expand the kitchen, dining and amenities areas. The verandah has timber posts and handrails with decorative cast iron balustrade infill panels. Timber lattice panels are set above the handrail level on both the eastern and western elevations.
The centrally located front door is framed between two bay windows, whose roof forms are echoed in the main roof form. Internally the short entry hall leads to a central two storeyed open space naturally lit by the clerestorey roof above. The internal room structure of the main part of the house is symmetrical about this central room. Beginning with the two main rooms which flank the entry hall a series of three rooms sit either side of the central great room. On both the east and west elevations all of the rooms were extended onto the verandah area in the 1950s but have now been once again removed and the verandah underneath is displayed. Beyond the central great room the rear northern portion of the house consists of a living and dining room, extended kitchen in its original position and amenities area.
Internally the timber floors were predominately covered with carpet with the exception of the amenities areas. This was removed in 2010 and the original hoop-pine timber floors were polished and restored. The walls and ceilings are clad with timber tongue and groove boards and the timber joinery to door and window architraves is well crafted. The entry hall and central room have a timber panelled dado and a dressed timber arch announces the entry from the hall to the central room of the house. Ornate carved timber and tile surround fireplaces are located in one of the main rooms at the entry, the dining room and a secondary room on the eastern side of the house.
During the immigration period the house was substantially extended. These alterations were easily distinguished from the original fabric and form of the house by the use of different materials including asbestos cement and masonite wall sheeting. The asbestos was completely removed after the residence was purchased in 2009. Additional timber windows, doors and associated joinery added in the immigration period were very simplistic and understated. The added rooms opening along the eastern and western elevations were all extended onto the verandah and as such the width of the verandahs along these sides was reduced substantially. The added rooms on the eastern side of the house have been removed and the verandah restored.
At the rear of the house a timber framed water tank stand complete with galvanised iron tank has been enclosed with timber weatherboards to create what was once a shower room. This enclosure has a simple galvanised iron skillion roof integrated into the tank stand structure.
The two storey ancillary building constructed to the south west of the house is set on concrete stumps. The ring road passes between the ancillary building and the main house. The building is a simple timber framed and weatherboard clad structure with a galvanised iron hip roof. A verandah is located on the north east side of the building and access is gained by a timber ramp. Internally, the building is broken up into a series of training rooms and bathroom facilities, all of which are accessed from the verandah. This building was restored after it was purchased and now serves as an extension of the main residence. The interior walls and ceilings are lined with hardboard with timber cover strips and the timber floors are a polished hardwood.
Heritage listing
Yungaba Migrant Hostel was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 24 March 2000 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Yungaba Migrant Hostel is important in demonstrating the evolution of Queensland's history, reflecting the Federal Government's post war initiatives to increase immigration in order to fuel the economy. In particular the renaming of the house from "Killin" to "Yungaba" illustrates the Queensland State Government's intentions to improve the image of migration centres in Queensland.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Yungaba Migrant Hostel demonstrates the principal characteristics of a grand house. Designed for the sub-tropical Queensland climate, it is a fine example of a substantial timber residence on the Athelstane Range, Rockhampton. Overlooking the town, the Range area was sought after by the affluent families of Rockhampton from the late nineteenth century onwards.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Yungaba Migrant Hostel is as a well crafted and composed piece of residential architecture and is aesthetically significant.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
As a primary place of reception, temporary accommodation and guidance, Yungaba Migrant Hostel is important for its special association with sponsored migrants arriving in Rockhampton during the post war period.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
Yungaba Migrant Hostel is important for its special association with the Ferguson family in Rockhampton and the architects James Flint, the originally designer and George T. Eaton and Albert E. Bates who designed the alterations and additions to the house.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
The Range, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Migrant hostels in Australia
Unnameable Books is an independent bookstore located on Vanderbilt Ave, between St. Marks Ave. and Bergen St., in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, New York.
Overview
It has been profiled as an example of a small New York bookstore that survives as chains, internet sales, and rising real estate prices drive more established New York independents like Coliseum Books and Murder Ink out of business. It was depicted on the cover of the June 9 and 16, 2008, issue of The New Yorker by the cartoonist Adrian Tomine. Founded as "Adam's Books" before being renamed, it specializes in poetry and has a reputation for an eclectic collection of used books. It also carries work from small independent presses, such as Ugly Duckling Presse. In 2022, the bookstore moved location to a block away.
References
External links
Adrian Tomine's New Yorker cover, depicting Unnameable Books
Bookstores in Brooklyn
Independent bookstores of the United States
Shops in New York City
Commercial buildings in Brooklyn
Prospect Heights, Brooklyn
The 1975–76 American Basketball Association season saw the defending champion Kentucky Colonels finish in fourth place in the ABA, defeat the Indiana Pacers 2 games to 1 in the first round of the 1976 ABA Playoffs, and lose to the regular season champion Denver Nuggets 4 games to 3 in the ABA Semifinals. The 1975–76 season was the Colonels' ninth and last, as Kentucky was one of two ABA teams left out of the 1976 ABA-NBA merger.
Offseason
Draft picks
Preseason transactions
Prior to the season, ABA Commissioner Dave DeBusschere, urged on by Colonels owner John Y. Brown, Jr., challenged the NBA to a world championship series between the ABA champion Kentucky Colonels and NBA champion Golden State Warriors in which the winner would get $1 million. NBA Commissioner Walter Kennedy promptly declined.
Star center Dan Issel was sold to the Baltimore Claws for $500,000, and soon ended up with the Denver Nuggets.
Gene Rhodes was named Vice President of Operations and David Vance was named General Manager.
Preseason exhibition games
Like most ABA teams, the Colonels played several preseason exhibition games against NBA opponents. The Colonels opened up the season's ABA vs. NBA action on October 1, 1975, in Cincinnati, Ohio, against the NBA's Chicago Bulls. The Colonels beat the Bulls 95-86.
Three nights later on October 4, 1975, the Colonels met the NBA's New York Knicks at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland. Louie Dampier scored 23 for the Colonels but New York's Earl Monroe led all scorers with 26 as the Knicks won 107-102.
The next night the Colonels returned to Cincinnati to host the Detroit Pistons. Bob Lanier led the Pistons with 17 points but Artis Gilmore had 22 and Travis Grant added 17 and the game winning score, a jump shot with 4 seconds left in game, to lead Kentucky to a 114-113 victory.
On October 8, 1975, the reigning champions of the ABA and NBA met at Freedom Hall in Louisville. 8,806 fans turned out to see the Golden State Warriors face the Colonels. Marv Roberts scored 20 points and former ABA player Rick Barry was held to 9 points on 3 of 11 shooting from the floor, including an airball with 31 seconds left in the game. Artis Gilmore had 14 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Colonels to a 93-90 victory against the NBA champions.
Two nights later on October 10, 1975, the NBA's Milwaukee Bucks visited Louisville and lost to the Colonels 96-91.
On October 12, 1975, the Kentucky Colonels traveled to Michigan to face the Detroit Pistons again. The game went to overtime. Despite Bird Averitt's 21 points the Pistons won the overtime game, 115-107.
Two nights later on October 14, 1975, the NBA's Buffalo Braves came to Louisville and were defeated by the Colonels, 120-116.
On October 17, 1975, the Philadelphia 76ers traveled to Cincinnati to face the Colonels. Former ABA player George McGinnis had 25 points but so did Artis Gilmore. Kentucky won, 112-110.
Two nights later on October 19, 1975, the Colonels hosted the Washington Bullets in Lexington, Kentucky. Led by Artis Gilmore's 23 points, the Colonels won 121-111. This was the penultimate ABA-NBA matchup; two nights later in Salt Lake City, Utah, the Milwaukee Bucks lost to the Utah Stars 106-101.
Overall in the 1975-76 preseason the ABA went 30-18 against NBA teams.
Regular season
Roster
5 Jan Van Breda Kolff
10 Louie Dampier
14 Bird Averitt
20 Allen Murphy
21 Jimmy Dan Connor
22 Wil Jones
25 Maurice Lucas
31 Johnny Neumann
32 Jimmy Baker
42 Ron Thomas
43 Kevin Joyce
45 Jim McDaniels
53 Artis Gilmore
Season standings
Game log
|-
|| || || || || || ||
|-
|-
|| || || || || || ||
|-
|-
|| || || || || || ||
|-
|-
|| || || || || || ||
|-
|-
|-
|| || || || || || ||
|-
|-
|-
Month by Month
October 1975
November 1975
December 1975
January 1976
February 1976
March 1976
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Colonels win series, 2–1
Semifinals
Nuggets win series, 4–3
Player statistics
Legend
Season
Playoffs
Awards and records
Awards
Artis Gilmore, 1976 ABA All-Star Game
Artis Gilmore, All-ABA First Team
Artis Gilmore, ABA All-Defensive Team
Records
On December 18, 1975, the Colonels had their smallest crowd ever, 2,761, for a 115-102 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
On April 28, 1976, the Colonels were the opponent, in the ABA Semifinals, when the Denver Nuggets set their franchise's attendance record, with 18,821 present for the Nuggets' 133-110 win in Game 7.
Transactions
Dan Issel sold to Baltimore Claws for $500,000, preseason
Caldwell Jones purchased from the San Diego Sails, November 14, 1975
Caldwell Jones traded to the Spirits of St. Louis for Maurice Lucas, December 17, 1975
Marv Roberts traded to the Virginia Squires for Johnny Neumann and Jan van Breda Kolff, January 17, 1976
Teddy McClain sold to the New York Nets for $150,000, February 15, 1976
Aftermath
With the conclusion of the 1975–76 ABA season, negotiations to finalize the ABA-NBA merger began. On June 17, 1976 Colonels owner John Y. Brown, Jr. agreed to fold the Colonels in exchange for $3 million from the ABA teams entering the NBA. The Colonels' players were put into a dispersal draft along with the players from the Spirits of St. Louis. The Chicago Bulls took Artis Gilmore for $1.1 million; the Portland Trail Blazers took Maurice Lucas for $300,000; the Buffalo Braves took Bird Averitt for $125,000; the Indiana Pacers took Wil Jones for $50,000; the New York Nets took Jan Van Breda Kolff for $60,000 and the San Antonio Spurs took Louie Dampier for $20,000. Brown took the money he received for the Colonels and used part of it to purchase the NBA's Buffalo Braves, which he later parlayed into ownership of the Boston Celtics.
References
Colonels on Basketball Reference
External links
RememberTheABA.com 1975-76 regular season and playoff results
RememberTheABA.com Kentucky Colonels page
RememberTheABA.com 1975-76 game by game results
Kentucky
Kentucky Colonels seasons
Kentucky Colonels, 1975-76
Kentucky Colonels, 1975-76
Josef Urbach (9 March 1889 – 8 October 1973) was a German painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1889 births
1973 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Neuss
Pandemis emptycta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China.
References
Moths described in 1937
Pandemis
Carl Millner (25 March 1825, Mindelheim19 May 1895, Munich) was a German landscape painter.
Biography
Around 1850, he moved from Mindelheim to Munich, to improve his artistic skills. There, he came under the influence of Carl Rottmann and Eduard Schleich. He quickly established himself as a successful artist and was best known for his popular Alpine landscapes; meticulously rendered with fine details and great attention to light and shadow.
In 1857, he became associated with the art dealer, Daniel Loffel, and achieved financial stability. After 1858, he took further lessons from Julius Lange. Later, he accepted numerous young apprentices for lessons in his studio.
In 2012, the Carl-Millner-Galerie was opened in his hometown of Mindelheim.
Sources
"Millner, Karl". In: Hans Vollmer (Ed.): Allgemeines Lexikon der Bildenden Künstler von der Antike bis zur Gegenwart, Vol.24: Mandere–Möhl. E. A. Seemann, Leipzig 1930, pg.570
Christian Schedler, Landschaftsträume. Carl Millner und die Münchner Landschaftsmalerei im 19. Jahrhundert. Exhibition at the Jesuit College in Mindelheim, Kulturamt, 2006
External links
The Carl Millner Gallery
More works by Millner @ ArtNet
German landscape painters
German painters
People from Mindelheim
1825 births
1895 deaths
Rik Massengale (born February 6, 1947) is a former American professional golfer who played full-time on the PGA Tour from 1970–1982.
Massengale was born and raised in Jacksboro, Texas. He developed an interest in golf as a result of his older brother, Don, being a professional golfer. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was a member of the golf team from 1965 to 1969. Massengale was known as a "wild man" at fraternity parties in college; however, he changed his ways and became a born-again Christian in 1975. He turned pro in 1969 and joined the PGA Tour in 1970.
Massengale won three events on the PGA Tour during the mid-1970s. His first win was at the 1975 Tallahassee Open. His second came a year later at the Sammy Davis Jr.-Greater Hartford Open. The biggest win of his career came in 1977 at the Bob Hope Desert Classic; he established a new tournament record (337) breaking Arnold Palmer's 17-year-old record by one stroke. Massengale shot a blistering 64 on the first day and led this event wire-to-wire. He led wire to wire in all three of his PGA Tour victories. His best career year was 1977 when he had seven top-10 finishes, $126,736 in earnings, and finished 13th on the money list. His best finish in a major was a T-3 at the 1977 Masters.
A back injury led Massengale to retire from the PGA Tour in 1983. He served as National Director for College Golf Fellowship for 15 years. After turning 50 in 1997, he played in a limited number of tournaments on the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour). His best finish in this venue was a T-6 at the 1997 Cadillac NFL Golf Classic.
Today Massengale is a commercial real estate broker in the Dallas metroplex. He married his college sweetheart, Cindy, in 1969. They have four grown children named John, Jake, Jessica and Ashlee and 13 grandchildren. They live in the Dallas suburb of Frisco, Texas. He is chairman of the Board of Chin Community Ministry, a refugee ministry in the Dallas area and serves on the board of Search Ministries Collin County. He plays golf at TPC Craig Ranch and occasionally shoots his age.
Amateur wins
1964 Texas-Oklahoma Junior Golf Tournament
1967 Cotton States Invitational
1968 Western Amateur, Southwest Conference Championship (individual medalist)
Professional wins (3)
PGA Tour wins (3)
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships
WD = withdrew
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place
See also
1970 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
The Massengale Group Website
American male golfers
Texas Longhorns men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golfers from Texas
People from Jacksboro, Texas
People from Frisco, Texas
1947 births
Living people
Albert V, Duke of Mecklenburg (1397 – 1 June /6 December 1423) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1412 until his death.
Life
Albert V was the son of Albert III, Duke of Mecklenburg, and Agnes (II) of Brunswick-Lüneburg, daughter of Duke Magnus II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. Albert III died in 1412 and, in accordance with an agreement with John IV, Agnes acted as guardian and regent for Albert V. In 1415 or 1416 he started ruling for himself. After John IV died in 1422, Albert V and John IV's widow acted as co-regents for her minor sons Henry IV and John V.
On 13 February 1419, Albert V and John IV together with the Council of the Hanseatic City of Rostock founded the University of Rostock as the first university in northern Germany and in the entire Baltic region.
Since 1413 Albert had been engaged to Cecilia, the second daughter of the Burgrave Frederick of Nuremberg, later Elector of Brandenburg. However, Albert and Cecilia never married. Instead, Albert married Cecilia's sister Margaret in 1423. Frederick gave Albert the districts of Dömitz and Gorlosen as her dowry. However, Albert died shortly after he and Margaret were married.
External links
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
Dukes of Mecklenburg
House of Mecklenburg
1397 births
1423 deaths
15th-century German people
The painter Fendry Ekel (born 1971, Jakarta) is based in Berlin and Yogyakarta. Ekel's works have been displayed Internationally: the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Turkey, Czech Republic, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia and the United States.
Biography
Fendry Ekel migrated in the 80's with his family from Indonesia to Europe. He studied in Amsterdam (1992 - 1997) at Gerrit Rietveld Academie and (1998 - 1999) at Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten where he met painters Narcisse Tordoir, Luc Tuymans and Michelangelo Pistoletto as mentors. In 1999 Fendry Ekel was an Artist in Residence at Cittadellarte, Fondazione Pistoletto in Biella, Italy.
Fendry Ekel's migration as teenager from Indonesia to Europe was a radical move that has given rise to a continuing fascination for investigating his surroundings. Architecture and the urban landscape is a perfect setting where abstraction and figuration meet each other in reality. It is in this setting that Ekel preferably locates the subjects of his paintings. Fendry Ekel's paintings explore the shadow side of human ambition. In his art practice Ekel is intrigued by the power of cliche, producing images intended to create an unguarded moment in seeing when cliches are twisted into an unexpected new awareness and a kind of simultaneous Déjà vu. His large-scale, layered works are often based on black and white photographs depicting portraits, architecture, monuments or other remnants of historic events. By appropriating these images from our collective memory, Ekel critically investigates the use of art, architecture and figuration as propaganda for ideology, confronting himself during the creative process with borderlines where ethical and aesthetic values intersect.
In 2013 Fendry Ekel initiated a series of works entitled 'Investigation' paintings. In this series Ekel unveils layers of forgotten and untold stories, exploring the most elementary motives behind the human desire to create myths of their own time.
(The Sultans Of Indonesian Art, Flash Art 282, 2012) ... Like Ashley Bickerton, who has lately emerged from a self-imposed exile in Bali, Fendry Ekel has in recent years returned to his homeland with a profoundly altered awareness of the role of memory and artifice in history and art. Having lived in the Netherlands since the age of 14 when his family emigrated from Indonesia, Ekel creates artwork and institutional structures that simultaneously craft and consume messages about ego and influence. While his studio practice falls within traditional lines of production, primarily creating well-researched and beautifully executed works on paper, Ekel's institutional practice as co-founder of artists initiative Office: for Contemporary Art (OFCA) International in Yogyakarta, focuses on developing organizational networks and “structural friendships.” By consciously adopting the conflicted roles of both the romanticized studio painter and art world insider/strategist, he twists clichés and demands we pay close attention to history and inner prejudice. Take for example the lifecycle of his iconic Young Gropius As Soldier (2007), an image that both illuminates and obscures the identity of an historic public figure by complicating the story of Walter Gropius, the director of the highly influential Bauhaus, with unsettling and questionable references to his military history in the German army. Once completed, the artist distanced himself from the creative impetus through strategic efforts as an employee of OFCA International to place the work in the public realm through exhibitions and publications, thereby legitimizing its value and ensuring its consumption. This effort is, in fact, part of the conceptual completion of the work and reflects Ekel's efforts to “pull the strings” of a system that demands his assimilation/loyalty and yet refuses entrance on grounds of his “otherness.”
See also
I Nyoman Masriadi
References
External links
The New York Times
HVCCA, New York
OFCA INTERNATIONAL(OFFICE For Contemporary Art, International)
Flash Art, The Sultans Of Indonesian Art
1971 births
Living people
People from Jakarta
Indonesian painters
Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Contemporary painters
Indonesian emigrants to the Netherlands
The Freiberg House, designed by Melbourne-based architects Chancellor and Patrick, was built in 1958-60 on a sloping site as a residence for the Freiberg family and is located at 26 Yarravale Road Kew, Victoria. The Freiberg is an example of post-war architecture in Victoria featuring a -storey geometric structure with a modified cruciform plan. Featured on the cover of Best Australian Houses (1961), edited by Neil Clerehan, the Freiberg house was significant for its use of traditional Australian forms and materials, combined with the Melbourne post-war interest in avant-garde planning, forms and structure. It is also notable for having the first entirely native garden planned by Edna Walling, with whom Chancellor and Patrick was a long-time collaborator.
Description
The Freiberg house is a -storey exposed brick house featuring an axial 'T' plan with low-pitched gable roofs, horizontal bands of windows and its distinctive broad overhanging exposed timber eaves. Each arm of the T serves as a different function: sleeping and bathrooms; living room; or kitchen/dining. At the lowest level are entry, carports/garage and bedsitting room for guests with its own toilet which also serves the hallway. The entry into the house is through two exposed brick piers which lead through the carport to the main entrance. The second level, the main living space, the long arm of the T contains three bedrooms one with its own bathroom and the other two share an elaborate divided bathroom; designed to accommodate the growing Freiberg family. The main living room is projected outwards towards the street with two of the sides opening out onto the terrace. The middle floor features a high vaulted ceiling and cathedral window above the door allowing for natural light to penetrate through the main living spaces. Towards the rear wing of the T are the kitchen and dining areas which is glazed on three of its sides, the other opening to the kitchen. On the upper floor is a private study with windows on all walls allowing for natural light and providing views of the surrounding Studley Park.
The construction of the Freiberg house is predominately brick with sections most notably the balconies and spandrils rendered. A key part of the design was the use of exposed Oregon purlins and brickwork as it was considered avant-garde during the time of construction. The perfection of the house's central brick wall bears witness to the meticulousness of the architect as the first was demolished and rebuilt. Within the house, a range of unadorned timbers was chosen to help reflect the native palette of the landscape creating a harmony between the inside and outside spaces. The landscape designed by Edna Walling is a completely Australian native garden featuring a bluestone wall, built by Eric Hammond, towering gumtrees and other indigenous plants.
Key influences and design approach
Chancellor and Patrick mediated modernism with concern for the region and site. Their approach to architecture saw the revival Frank Lloyd Wright's Usonian house principles between the 1950s and 1960s. Usonian architecture grew out of Frank Lloyd Wright's earlier Prairie style homes which featured low roofs and open living areas. The style made use of brick, wood, and other natural material. Influenced by the Usonian style, the Freiberg House saw the use of exposed brick and natural Australian timbers. The broad eaves recall not only Melbourne houses of Walter Burley Griffin, but also Californian houses of Harwell Hamilton Harris using similar technique of exposing the purlin beams beyond line of the house. Oregon joinery detailing in the Freiberg house suggest Japanese inspiration influencing for fittings and colour scheme within the house.
Gallery
References
External links
http://www.studleypark.net/chancellor---patrick.htm
Houses in Melbourne
Houses completed in 1960
Guido van der Valk (born 26 January 1980) is a Dutch professional golfer.
Career
After a successful amateur career, which included representing his country at the Eisenhower Trophy, van der Valk turned down several college offers to turn professional in 2002. He joined the Challenge Tour and finished 36th in the standings in his debut season, the highlight being a second-place finish behind Iain Pyman at the BMW Russian Open. After two disappointing seasons he joined the Asian Tour in 2005. In 2007 he just missed out on retaining his card by finishing one place out at 61st in the Order of Merit; Thammanoon Sriroj in 60th earned just $455 more. However, van der Valk rectified this the following year by enjoying his most successful Asian season to date in 2008, finishing 52nd on the Order of Merit.
In 2011, van der Valk posted his best result to date on the Asian Tour, losing out in a five-man playoff to Himmat Rai at the ISPS Handa Singapore Classic. Two weeks later he won on the Asian Development Tour at the PGM-MIDF KLGCC Classic. Going into the final event of the main tour season, the Thailand Golf Championship, he was 83rd on the Order of Merit, but he finished T6th to climb to 59th and retain his card. It was the first time he had retained his card automatically since 2008.
Professional wins (6)
Asian Development Tour wins (1)
Philippine Golf Tour wins (3)
Other wins (2)
2004 ABN Amro, Dutch PGA Championship
Playoff record
Asian Tour playoff record (0–1)
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy (representing the Netherlands): 2000
References
External links
Dutch male golfers
European Tour golfers
Asian Tour golfers
People from Lelystad
Sportspeople from Manila
Sportspeople from Flevoland
1980 births
Living people
Udaya Prabath Gammanpila (born 6 February 1970) (known as Udaya Gammanpila) is a Sri Lankan nationalist politician. By profession, he is a computer engineer, lawyer and a politician. He is a former Minister of Energy and Member of Sri Lanka Parliament for Colombo District.
He has also worked as the former minister in the Western province and carried out the ministerial portfolio as the Cabinet minister for Buddhism and Religious affairs in the government. He was elected as a Member of Parliament with 198,818 preferential votes from the Colombo District at the General Election held on 17 August 2015. He is also the leader of the “Pivithuru Hela Urumaya” political party.
Early life and education
Udaya Gammanpila was born at Nawalapitiya on 6 February 1970. He attended D. S. Senanayake College, Colombo for his secondary education, where he passed the GCE A/L examination in 1988 and won a scholarship from the Australian government to study for a degree in computer science at Monash University. In 1993, while in his fourth year, he was appointed as an assistant lecturer at the university. Upon his return to Sri Lanka in 1994, he joined the Australia-Lanka Group as an Apprentice Manager and two years later became the Director and CEO of the group. Gammanpila, studied law at the Sri Lanka Law College, passed the law examination in 2003 and was sworn in as a lawyer.
Early political life
Gammanpila entered politics in 2000 as a founding member of Sinhala nationalist political party, Sihala Urumaya. Gammanpila was appointed as the party's propaganda secretary in 2001 and later became its deputy general secretary.
In 2007, he was appointed as the chairman of the Central Environmental Authority by the President Mahinda Rajapaksa. Gammanpila also served as a member of the All-Party Representatives Committee appointed by the President to resolve the North-East crisis in August that year.
In 2009, he voluntarily resigned as chairman of the Central Environmental Authority to contest for the Western Provincial Council. He was elected and sworn in as the Minister of Agriculture, Irrigation, Industries and Environment of the Western Province.
Milestones
Chairman Central Environment Authority
Gammanpila was appointed as the Chairman of the Central Environmental Authority in 2007, where he implemented the Pilisaru Waste Management Project and the Fuel Generation of Plastic Waste project.
Minister of Agriculture, Irrigation, Industries and Environment (Western Province)
He served as the Minister of Agriculture under the Goviriya Aruna program, aimed at increasing the productivity of agriculture through mechanisation of agriculture, resulting in the Ministry being awarded the ISO 9001-2008 certification by the Sri Lanka Standards Institution in 2013.
Member of parliament
Gammanpila contested the 2015 parliamentary election from the United People's Freedom Alliance (UPFA), receiving 198,818 preferential votes in his first parliamentary election.
Electoral history
Author and editor
Since 2002 Gammanpila has been a frequent contributor to newspapers and has published weekly columns for Lankadeepa in Sinhala under the name “Pradeepa” in Sinhala and from 2012, Ceylon Today in English as Guard Post. His latest book is Mahinda Sulagin Gotabhishekayata, which features the behind-the-scenes story of Gotabhaya Rajapaksa entry into politics and power.
Notes
References
External links
Parliamemt profile
Official website
manthri.lk profile
1970 births
Living people
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sinhalese lawyers
Jathika Hela Urumaya politicians
Members of the 15th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Western Provincial Council
Alumni of D. S. Senanayake College
Arthur Robert Outlaw (September 8, 1926 – November 5, 2000) was a Mobile- area businessman, community leader, and politician, who served as Public Safety Commissioner (1965-1969) on the City Commission, and co-terminous as President of the Commission and Mayor of Mobile in 1967-1968. At that time, the mayor's title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission, and was rotated for one-year terms among the three city commissioners. In 1984 he was elected as Finance Commissioner.
In 1985 city voters approved a referendum to adopt a mayor-council form of government. In new elections Outlaw was elected directly as mayor, the first person to do so since 1911, when the city had adopted the commission system. He promoted investment in downtown Mobile to stimulate redevelopment. After leaving office, he continued to be active in political, civic and church affairs, serving as chairman of the Alabama Republican Party in 1989-1991 and in several civic positions.
Early life, education and career
Born on a farm near Mobile, Alabama, in 1926, Outlaw moved with his parents and family into the city when he was 14. It was becoming a center of defense-related jobs at the shipyards as the United States began to respond to World War II in Europe, stimulating other businesses as well. The city became crowded with thousands of new workers recruited to the defense jobs.
Outlaw had attended Catholic schools and in the city studied at McGill Institute, before graduating from a public high school in 1945. He enlisted in the U. S. Air Force Cadet Program, serving for two years during the last months of World War II and afterward. After returning to Mobile, he attended the University of Alabama for one year and completed a business degree at Spring Hill College.
In 1951 Outlaw started working as an auditor in his father's business, Morrison's Restaurants. This business was started by J. A. Morrison with one cafeteria in Mobile in 1920 and was the first to introduce the cafeteria concept in the South. By 1950, Morrison's had 17 locations in Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, and Florida, with seven in the latter state, and it had become synonymous with Southern casual dining. Outlaw and his father continued to develop the business together during the next two decades, when it became the largest cafeteria chain in the nation. The younger Outlaw advanced to serve as the vice-chairman of the board and director of Morrison Restaurants, Inc.
Political career
Outlaw entered politics in 1965, and was elected as Public Safety Commissioner of the city of Mobile, serving into 1969. The government had three non-partisan commissioners elected at-large, each for specific responsibilities. In addition, they rotated the position of President of the Commission/Mayor for one-year terms during their service on the commission.
From the late 1960s through the 1970s and early 80s, politics in Mobile changed as barriers were removed to voting by African Americans following passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. They represented more than 30% of the city's population and supported the Democratic Party, which on the national level had supported their drive for civil rights.
After several years in business, Outlaw returned to politics, being elected as Finance Commissioner of the city in 1984. While running as a non-partisan, Outlaw had shifted from the Democratic Party of his youth to the Republican Party. He was part of city negotiations with the state legislature over potential changes to the city form of government.
This had resulted from a suit by Wiley Bolden with the support the Non-Partisan Voters League in the late 1970s, challenging the at-large election of city commissioners, which was filed under the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It challenged the at-large system for suppressing minority voters, and reached the United States Supreme Court, which decided Mobile v. Bolden (1980) and sent the case back to U.S.District Judge Virgil Pittman for a retrial, shortly before which the plaintiffs found a 1909 letter written by Congressman Frederick G. Bromberg which seemed a "smoking gun".
To settle the dispute, state rep Mary Zoghby introduced legislation which permitted a voter referendum in May 1985, at which city voters approved a change to a mayor-council form of city government. In July 1985 citywide elections were held for mayor, to be elected at-large, and the seven members of the city council, all non-partisan positions. Outlaw won the direct election to a full four-year term as mayor, the first person directly elected to the office since 1911, when the city had established the commission form of government. The seven city council members were elected from single-member districts of roughly equal populations. That year three African Americans were elected to the city council; it was the first time any had been elected to city office.
As mayor, Outlaw was committed to investment in downtown Mobile to stimulate redevelopment and attract new businesses. His administration proposed construction of a convention center in 1987. It was part of a 15-year plan for redevelopment. Built on the waterfront of the Mobile River after Outlaw left office, the convention center has been a catalyst for related development, and ultimately named in Outlaw's honor.
Outlaw was defeated for re-election in 1989 by Mike Dow. Dow helped carry out some of Outlaw's vision for downtown Mobile, including construction of the convention center.
Outlaw was chairman of the Alabama Republican Party from 1989-1991. He also continued to be active in civic and church affairs. He contributed to Catholic charities and helped support Spring Hill College and other interests in the area.
Outlaw died in 2000.
Legacy and honors
1998, he was elected to the Alabama Business Hall of Fame.
The Arthur R. Outlaw Mobile Convention Center was named in his honor.
The Recreation Center at Spring Hill College was named for him.
In recognition of his contributions to the Archdiocese of Mobile, he was made a Knight of St. Gregory.
2003, he was inducted to McGill-Toolen Hall of Fame at his former high school.
References
Year of birth unknown
2000 deaths
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
Alabama Republicans
1926 births
20th-century American politicians
"Ain't Easy" is a song recorded by Canadian electropop duo Elijah Woods x Jamie Fine for the first season of the Canadian reality music competition The Launch. The song was written by Ryan Tedder, Zack Skelton, and Camila Cabello, with a new arrangement composed by Woods and Fine, while Tedder produced the track. Following the duo's selection as the winner of the series's second episode, "Ain't Easy" was released to Canadian radio, digital retailers, and music streaming services on January 17, 2018 by Big Machine Records and Universal Music Canada. The song serves as the lead single for the duo's debut EP, 8:47 (2019).
Since its release, "Ain't Easy" has become the most successful single from The Launch, launching at number one on iTunes and being certified Platinum by Music Canada.
Recording
"Ain't Easy" was recorded in the fall of 2017 as part of the competition on The Launch by both the duo of Elijah Woods and Jamie Fine and the soloist Basil Phoenix. The duo created their own arrangement of the song, which was merged with elements of the original for the final recording. Fine performs lead vocals on the track with Woods accompanying on piano. Scott Borchetta described hearing the duo's version of "Ain't Easy" as being "like an out-of-body experience," contributing to the duo's victory.
Commercial performance
Following the song's release, "Ain't Easy" hit number one on the Canadian iTunes sales chart, displacing co-writer Cabello's "Havana". The song debuted at number 14 on the Canadian Digital Song Sales chart dated January 27, 2018. The following week, "Ain't Easy" debuted at number 40 on the Canadian Hot 100. The song reached its peak position of 38 on the chart dated April 7, 2018. It remains the only single generated by the series to appear on the chart. "Ain't Easy" has reached the top 10 on multiple pop airplay charts, peaking at positions of 1, 6, and 5 on the Canada AC, Canada CHR/Top 40, and Canada Hot AC charts, respectively.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Big Machine Records singles
Universal Music Group singles
Song recordings produced by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Camila Cabello
Songs written by Zach Skelton
Russell "Rusty" Schieber (born in Ripon, Wisconsin) is an American curler and curling coach.
As a coach of American wheelchair curling team he participated in 2018 Winter Paralympics and 2022 Winter Paralympics.
He is National Wheelchair Coach of the USA Curling Association.
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Video:
Living people
1962 births
People from Montello, Wisconsin
American male curlers
American curling coaches
Juan Mathias Bogado Castro (born March 23, 1990 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer, who currently plays for Juventud de Las Piedras.
Career
Bogado started his career with CA Buenos Aires al Pacífico. His family settled 2003 to Uruguay and he started his career here with Nacional de Montevideo. He played for them two years, before signed in Winter 2006 for CA Bella Vista. Bogado played twelve months for Bella Vista and joined than in December 2007 to Montevideo Wanderers F.C. After four years in the youth of Montevideo Wanderers, was promoted to the senior team and played his debut with the Wanderers 2011 in the Uruguayan Primera División. Bogado played only three Uruguayan Primera División for Montevideo Wanderers games, before moved to Club Atlético Torque.
Teams
Youth
Club Nacional de Futbol (2004-2005)
Bella Vista (2006)
Montevideo Wanderers (2007–2012)
Senior
Montevideo Wanderers (2011–2012)
Club Atlético Torque (2012-2013)
Canadian Soccer Club (2013-now)
References
1990 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Uruguayan Segunda División players
Categoría Primera A player
Montevideo Wanderers F.C. players
Montevideo City Torque players
Canadian Soccer Club players
Jaguares de Córdoba footballers
Oriental players
Juventud de Las Piedras players
Association football defenders
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Uruguay
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Gorgier Castle (also known as the Château de Gorgier) is a castle in the municipality of Gorgier of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle is located close to the city of Neuchâtel and was built around 1620.
In 1813, James-Alexandre de Pourtalès acquired the seigneury of Gorgier.
After being fully restored as a family home between 2004 and 2014, the castle was for sale by Sotheby's Realty around August 2014, but is no longer listed.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Pourtalès family
Lieutenant General Count Wilhelm Archibald Douglas (19July 1883 – 5July 1960) was a Swedish Army officer and nobleman who served as Chief of the Army from 1944 to 1948.
Early life
Douglas was born on 19 July 1883 at Stjärnorp Castle, Östergötland County and was the second of four sons of Count Ludvig Douglas, Marshal of the Realm, and Countess Anna Louise Dorotea (née Ehrensvärd). His younger brother, Count Carl Douglas (1888–1946), was a chamberlain, and his elder brother Robert (1880–1955), a nobleman in Germany, married dowager Queen Augusta Victoria of Portugal, widow of King Manuel II. Archibald Douglas was cousin to general Carl August Ehrensvärd (his successor on the Chief of the Army post), vice admiral Gösta Ehrensvärd and Deputy Director of the Ministry of Defence Augustin Ehrensvärd.
Career
He was commissioned as an officer in 1903 and was promoted to lieutenant in the Life Regiment Dragoons (K 2) in 1906. Douglas was lieutenant in the General Staff in 1913 and served as general staff officer in the staff of the 1st Army Division (I. arméfördelningen) from 1914 to 1917. He was promoted to captain in 1916 and did the same year a study trip to Galicia region in Central-Eastern Europe. Back in Sweden, Douglas served as a military history teacher at the Royal Swedish Army Staff College in Stockholm from 1917 to 1918 and as general staff officer at the Finnish headquarters during the Finnish Civil War in 1918. During his time in Finland in 1918, he became captain and lieutenant colonel in the Finnish Army and took part in the Battle of Länkipohja and Battle of Tampere. Back in Sweden, Douglas became ryttmästare and squadron commander in the Life Regiment Dragoons in 1919 and taught ground warfare at the Royal Swedish Naval Staff College on and off between 1919 and 1929.
In 1922, Douglas returned to the General Staff as captain and became major there in 1924. He served as chief of staff of the 5th Army Division (V. arméfördelningen) from 1923 to 1927 when he became major in the Life Regiment Dragoons. Douglas became lieutenant colonel in the Life Regiment of Horse (K 1) in 1928. He was promoted to colonel and appointed commanding officer of Norrland Dragoon Regiment (K 4) in 1930 and in 1935 Douglas was appointed executive officer of the Life Regiment of Horse. In 1937 Douglas was promoted to major general and appointed commanding officer of Upper Norrland's Troops (Övre Norrlands trupper) and in 1940 he conducted a study trip to Germany and France. In 1942 he was appointed Inspector of the Swedish Army and the year after he was chairman of the Officer Training Investigation (Officersutbildningsutredningen). In 1944, Douglas was promoted to lieutenant general and was appointed Chief of the Army. During this time he also served as president of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences from 1945 to 1947. Douglas retired from the military in 1948.
Beside his military career, Douglas was a member of the Stockholm City Council from 1921 to 1923 and served as aide-de-camp to King Gustaf V from 1920 to 1930 and as chief aide-de-camp (överadjutant) to King Gustaf V from 1931 to 1950.
Personal life
In 1907 he married Astri Henschen (1883–1976) in Ronneby. She was the daughter of Professor Salomon Eberhard Henschen and Gerda (née Sandell). Douglas lived in Villa Parkudden in Djurgården, and also owned Stjärnorp Castle in Östergötland County from 1947. The ancestral Stjärnorp Castle, which his father had purchased back to the family some years before Archibald's birth, was designated as Archibald's family seat.
He was the father of the Ambassador Carl Ludvig Douglas (1908–1961) and company executive Gösta Archibald Douglas (1910–1992) and grandfather of financier Gustaf Douglas. Through his eldest son, Carl Ludvig, he is the grandfather of Princess Elisabeth, Duchess in Bavaria, wife of Prince Max, Duke in Bavaria. He is also the grandfather of Rosita Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, the third wife of John Spencer-Churchill, 11th Duke of Marlborough, they divorced in 2008.
Douglas wrote biographical literature and biographies of Marshal of Finland Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim (his Finnish contemporary), and Swedish Field Marshal Robert Douglas, Count of Skenninge, his ancestor.
Death
Douglas died in a car accident in Grensholm near Linköping on 5 July 1960. Douglas, who was 76 at the time, was on his way home from a visit to Norrköping.
Dates of rank
1906 – Lieutenant
1916 – Captain
1919 – Ryttmästare
1924 – Major
1928 – Lieutenant colonel
1930 – Colonel
1937 – Major general
1944 – Lieutenant general
Awards and decorations
Swedish
King Gustaf V's Jubilee Commemorative Medal (1948)
King Gustaf V's Jubilee Commemorative Medal (1928)
King Gustaf V's Commemorative Medal (16 February 1951)
Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Knight of the Order of the Polar Star
Knights of the Order of Vasa
Home Guard Medal of Merit in Gold
National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit in gold
Foreign
Grand Cross of the Order of the Dannebrog
Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav
Second Class of the Order of the Cross of Liberty with Swords
Third Class of the Order of the Cross of Liberty with Swords
Commander First Class of the Order of the White Rose of Finland
Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia
Commander Second Class of the Order of the White Lion
Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau with Swords
Third Class of the Order of Saint Stanislaus
Bibliography
References
Further reading
"Gen. Archibald Douglas", The Times (9 July 1960): 10.
External links
Article by Douglas on Mannerheim
1883 births
1960 deaths
Swedish Army lieutenant generals
Chiefs of Army (Sweden)
People from Linköping Municipality
Swedish people of Scottish descent
Archibald Douglas-Stjernorp
Road incident deaths in Sweden
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Commanders Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Knights of the Order of the Polar Star
Knights of the Order of Vasa
The Kazal domain is an evolutionary conserved protein domain usually indicative of serine protease inhibitors. However, kazal-like domains are also seen in the extracellular part of agrins, which are not known to be protease inhibitors.
In animals, serine protease inhibitors that act via their Kazal domain are grouped under the MEROPS inhibitor family I1, clan IA.
Kazal 1
Kazal domains often occur in tandem arrays. Small alpha+beta fold containing three disulfide bonds. Alignment also includes a single domain from transporters in the OATP/PGT family .
Peptide proteinase inhibitors can be found as single domain proteins or as single or multiple domains within proteins; these are referred to as either simple or compound inhibitors, respectively. In many cases they are synthesised as part of a larger precursor protein, either as a prepropeptide or as an N-terminal domain associated with an inactive peptidase or zymogen. This domain prevents access of the substrate to the active site. Removal of the N-terminal inhibitor domain either by interaction with a second peptidase or by autocatalytic cleavage activates the zymogen. Other inhibitors interact direct with proteinases using a simple noncovalent lock and key mechanism; while yet others use a conformational change-based trapping mechanism that depends on their structural and thermodynamic properties.
This family of Kazal inhibitors, belongs to MEROPS inhibitor family I1, clan IA. They inhibit serine peptidases of the S1 family (INTERPRO). The members are primarily metazoan, but includes exceptions in the alveolata (apicomplexa), stramenopiles, higher plants and bacteria.
Kazal inhibitors, which inhibit a number of serine proteases (such as trypsin and elastase), belong to family of proteins that includes pancreatic secretory trypsin inhibitor; avian ovomucoid; acrosin inhibitor; and elastase inhibitor. These proteins contain between 1 and 7 Kazal-type inhibitor repeats.
The structure of the Kazal repeat includes a large quantity of extended chain, 2 short alpha-helices and a 3-stranded anti-parallel beta sheet. The inhibitor makes 11 contacts with its enzyme substrate: unusually, 8 of these important residues are hypervariable. Altering the enzyme-contact residues, and especially that of the active site bond, affects the strength of inhibition and specificity of the inhibitor for particular serine proteases. The presence of this Pfam domain is usually indicative of serine protease inhibitors, however, Kazal-like domains are also seen in the extracellular part of agrins which are not known to be proteinase inhibitors.
Human proteins with Kazal 1 domains:
AGRIN, CPAMD8
FST, FSTL3, FSTL4, FSTL5
IGFBPL1
SMOC1, SPARC, SPARCL1, SPINK1, SPINK2, SPINK4, SPINK5, SPINK5L2, SPINK5L3, SPINK6, SPINK7, SPINK9
TMEFF1, TMEFF2
Kazal 2
This domain is usually indicative of serine protease inhibitors that belong to Merops inhibitor families: I1, I2, I17 and I31. However, kazal-like domains are also seen in the extracellular part of agrins, which are not known to be protease inhibitors. Kazal domains often occur in tandem arrays and have a central alpha-helix, a short two-stranded antiparallel beta-sheet and several disulphide bonds. The amino terminal segment of this domain binds to the active site of its target proteases, thus inhibiting their function.
Human proteins with Kazal 2 domains:
C6, CFI
FSTL1, FSTL3
HTRA1, HTRA3, HTRA4
IGFBP7, KAZALD1, LST3, RECK
SLC21A8, SLCO1A2, SLCO1B1, SLCO1B3, SLCO1C1, SLCO2A1, SLCO3A1, SLCO4A1, SLCO4C1, SLCO5A1, SLCO6A1, SMOC2, SPINK5, SPOCK1, SPOCK2, SPOCK3
WFIKKN1, WFIKKN2
References
Protein domains
Serine protease inhibitors
KEVE-LD, virtual channel 36 (UHF digital channel 31), is a low-powered television station licensed to Vancouver, Washington, United States. Owned by Better Life Television, the station is a translator of 3ABN affiliate KBLN-TV (channel 30) in Grants Pass, Oregon.
On August 8, 2006, the station was granted a construction permit to begin converting operations to digital television with 15 kW on Channel 36.
On March 23, 2009, KEVE-LP went off the air due to a lack of available programming. The station was granted a construction permit to relocate the station to the Portland-Vancouver area.
On March 23, 2010, the FCC granted Consent to Assignment for KEVE-LP from Fiori Media, Inc. to the Southern Oregon Conference Assn. of Seventh-Day Adventists.
On October 24, 2010, KEVE-LD went on the air.
Translator stations
K26HS Channel 26 Tillamook
K42IR Channel 42 Astoria
See also
KBLN-TV
KTVC
Media ministries of the Seventh-day Adventist Church
External links
Television stations in Washington (state)
Television channels and stations established in 2010
2010 establishments in Washington (state)
Low-power television stations in the United States
Seventh-day Adventist media
Poxdorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Forchheim (district)
Maiden Blush or Maiden's Blush, also called Lady Blush and Red Cheek, is an apple cultivar used for both fresh eating and for cooking. It was previously a popular apple for drying, for which it is especially well suited due to its low juice content.
References
Apple cultivars
Agriculture in New Jersey
Artspace Projects, Inc is a nonprofit organization based in Minneapolis, Minnesota that develops performance spaces for artists, otherwise known as placemaking. It also has offices in Los Angeles, New Orleans, New York City, Seattle and Washington DC. The organization seeks to provide affordable live/work space to artists and arts organizations. Artspace currently has 57 properties in operation around the country.
Programs
Artspace programs fall in three broad categories: property development, asset management and national consulting.
Property development
Development projects, which typically involve the adaptive reuse of older buildings but can also involve new construction, are the most visible of Artspace's activities.
Asset management
Artspace owns or co-owns all the buildings it develops. Revenues in excess of expenses are set aside for preventive maintenance, commons area improvements, and building upgrades.
Consulting services
In addition to its roles as developer, owner, and manager, Artspace acts as a consultant to communities, organizations, and individuals seeking information and advice about developing affordable housing and work space for artists, performing arts centers, and cultural districts, often within the context of historic preservation.
References
External links
Artspace Projects, Inc. at Emporis
American artist groups and collectives
Organizations based in Minneapolis
Massangena District is a district of Gaza Province in south-western Mozambique. The administrative center of the district is Massangena. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Machaze District of Manica Province in the north, Mabote District of Inhambane Province in the east, Chigubo District in the southeast, Chicualacuala District in the south, and with Chiredzi District of Zimbabwe in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 15,637 (2007).
History
Between 1740 and 1775 there were many attempts by the Portuguese to explore inland by way of travelling up the Save River. The farthest any of these missions got was Massangena. Seven attempts were made to go further in the 1750s and 1760s, and one attempt was made in 1775. All eight of these missions met with disaster. The first mission failed when the many members of the expedition came down with malaria. The second mission stumbled upon numerous hippopotami and many members of the expedition were killed or wounded by the startled animals. The third suffered a similar fate, however, it was crocodiles that befell them. The forth mission failed when torrential downpours in December made travel impossible. The fifth mission, as with the first, failed on account of a severe outbreak of malaria. The fifth expedition, led by Portuguese explorers Manuel Gomes and Agostinho Cabeçadas suffered from a leopard attack in which both of the aforementioned explorers, who were the leaders of the expedition were mauled by the same leopard a few miles northwest of Massangena. The sixth expedition was destroyed when their camp was overrun by an elephant and expedition leader João da Madalena was trampled to death, also a few miles northwest of Massangena. The sixth and seventh expeditions were attacked by the armed bands of the Tsonga people and were forced to turn back. And the eighth expedition was struck by a series of disasters, the first of which involving an incident with a Mozambique spitting cobra which rendered the leader of the expedition temporarily blind and one of the bearers severely wounded, and another involving several bearers being killed and wounded by a hippopotamus, also several miles northwest of Massangena. For this reason the area to northwest of Massangena, which is roughly today's Masvingo Province of Zimbabwe, was labelled as "desconhecida" and/or "inexplorada" on Portuguese maps by the late 1770s and early 1780s.
Geography
The area of the district is shared between drainage basins of the Changane River, a major left tributary of the Limpopo River, and the Save River.
The climate is tropical semi-arid, with the average annual rainfall varying between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 41% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 16% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common first language among the population was Tsonga. 78% were illiterate, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Massangena (six localities) and Mavué (four localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 2,500 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes about of secondary roads, mainly connecting Massngena with the rest of the district as well as with Mabote and Chicualacuala.
References
Districts in Gaza Province
MARSEC (MARitime SECurity) is the three-tiered United States Coast Guard Maritime Security system (alert state) designed to easily communicate to the Coast Guard and the maritime industry pre-planned scalable responses for credible threats. Its objective is to provide an assessment of possible terrorist activity within the maritime sectors of transportation, including threats to nautical facilities and vessels falling within the jurisdiction of the United States that could be targets of attack.
The Coast Guard originally created MARSEC to be compatible with, and respond in unison to the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) Homeland Security Advisory System (HSAS). With the introduction of the National Terrorism Advisory System (NTAS) to replace HSAS, the Commandant of the Coast Guard will adjust the MARSEC Level, if appropriate, based on any NTAS Alert issued by DHS.
Alert levels
Under the HSAS there were three levels to the system:
Level 1 – Corresponding with the HSAS levels Green, Blue, or Yellow, or no NTAS threat.
Level 2 – Corresponding with the heightened HSAS risk coded Orange, or an elevated NTAS threat.
Level 3 – Corresponding with the probable and imminent HSAS risk level coded Red, or an imminent NTAS threat.
The current levels are:
Transport Canada also uses MARSEC levels as legislated in the Marine Transportation Security Regulations.
References
External links
U.S. Coast Guard Maritime Security Levels
United States Coast Guard
Disaster preparedness in the United States
The 1991 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented Georgia Southern University as an independent during the 1991 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by second-year head coach Tim Stowers, the Eagles compiled a record of 7–4. They played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro, Georgia.
Schedule
References
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles football
Camila Escribens (born September 2, 1998) is a Peruvian-American model and a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as first runner-up at Miss Perú 2019 and Miss Perú 2021.
Pageantry
Camila was born in Lima and lived in Fresno, California. She represented the Peruvian community in the United States as Miss Peru USA at the national pageant of Miss Perú 2019 held on October 21, 2018, in her hometown. She became the first runner-up in the contest and earned the title of "Miss Grand Peru 2019". It was originally believed she would succeed the dethroned Anyella Grados as the new Miss Peru following controversies and scandals after a series of events. However, due to her indirect participation of some of these events, it was decided she would retain her original title as a new contest was to be held as a fresh start to forget what had happened to the dethroned candidates and their ambassador roles. On Sunday, May 10, 2020, it was announced on Instagram that Escribens would be representing Perú as Miss Perú Supranational.
References
Living people
Miss Peru
Peruvian female models
Peruvian beauty pageant winners
Peruvian people of German descent
1998 births
The Star Award for Movie Actress of the Year is one of the PMPC Star Award for Movies recognizing the outstanding films in the Philippines every year. It was founded by the Philippine Movie Press Club since 1985.
Winners and nominees
The list may be incomplete such as some of the names of the nominees and the roles portrayed especially during the early years of PMPC Star Award For Movie.
In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
References
Film awards for lead actress
Telus Open may refer a number of different golf tournaments in Canada that were sponsored by Telus in the 1990s and 2000s:
Telus Calgary Open, held in Calgary, Alberta
Telus Edmonton Open, held in Edmonton, Alberta
Telus Open, held in Greater Montreal, Quebec
Telus Vancouver Open, held in Vancouver, British Columbia
"Moonshine Whiskey" is a song written by singer-songwriter Van Morrison and is the concluding track of his 1971 album Tupelo Honey.
It was a popular tune with Morrison in the 1970s and he regularly performed it in concert. Brian Hinton writes that Morrison later admitted that he had written this song "for Janis Joplin or something" but Hinton goes on to say "though it is not autobiographical in the same way as Leonard Cohen's 'Chelsea Hotel Number Two'".
In Tupelo Honey'''s Rolling Stone review Jon Landau says the song "is a joyful statement about the existence and continuation of love and the stability it offers."
The song contains references to trains, railroads and the countryside, themes that Morrison has returned to throughout his career, as well as subjects country blues artists Jimmie Rodgers and Hank Williams often used.
In 2017 "Moonshine Whiskey" came at number three in The Telegraph's "The 30 best songs about whiskey".
Music
The song contains the two main genres Morrison used on Tupelo Honey: country rock and soul. The introduction features both electric and steel guitars, in what Allmusic reviewer Tom Maginnis calls "a halting country vamp". The song changes tempo many times in its six and a half-minute duration, changing from a fast 4/4 time to a slow 6/8 sauteuse waltz and back to 4/4 time on various occasions. Morrison uses this form of distinct movements within songs later in his career, most prominently on the album Common One. Tom Maginnis concludes that at the end of the song "the arrangement kicks into a full-scale gospel rave-up complete with call and response backing vocal, group handclaps, pumping piano, and blaring horns all at breakneck speeds before pulling up to a slamming halt."
Filmed performances
The song was included in the 1974 broadcast of Morrison's 23 July 1973, performance at the Rainbow Theatre, London that featured The Caledonia Soul Orchestra.
"Moonshine Whiskey" is also one of the songs performed in 1979, on Morrison's first video Van Morrison in Ireland, released in 1981.
There is black-and-white footage of Morrison performing "Moonshine Whiskey" at Passaic, New Jersey in 1979.
Personnel
Van Morrison – acoustic guitar, vocals
Ronnie Montrose – electric guitar, mandolin
Bill Church – bass
Luis Gasca – trumpet
Mark Jordan – piano
Gary Mallaber – percussion
John McFee – pedal steel guitar
Janet Planet – background vocals
Rick Shlosser – drums
Ellen Schroer – background vocals
Jack Schroer – alto saxophone
Notes
References
Collis, John (1996). Inarticulate Speech of the Heart, Little Brown and Company,
Hinton, Brian (1997). Celtic Crossroads: The Art of Van Morrison, Sanctuary,
Mills, Peter (2010), Hymns to the Silence: Inside the Words and Music of Van Morrison, London: Continuum, Van Morrison Anthology'', Los Angeles: Alfred Music Publishing, 1999,
External links
[ Moonshine Whiskey] at Allmusic
1971 songs
Van Morrison songs
Songs written by Van Morrison
Song recordings produced by Ted Templeman
Songs about alcohol
Song recordings produced by Van Morrison
Church of Saint Elisæus (, , ) — was a former Eastern Orthodox church and Armenian Apostolic Church named after Elisaeus of Albania; now a museum located in Oğuz, Azerbaijan (formerly Vartashen).
History
Two different theories exist about foundation of the church. According to one version, it was found by bishop Pyotr (or Petre) Silikov in 1822, however according to Mikhail Bezhanov, a local Udi ethnograph it was his ancestor Iosif Bezhanov who built this church. Both sources agree on the date and its foundation as Eastern Orthodox church, however. According to Georgian researcher Roland Topchishvili, later the church fell under jurisdiction of Armenian Church and some members of Silikov family Armenianized, possibly causing the dispute. Best example for this branching can observe in person of Movses Silikyan, an ethnic Udi of Armenian confession and Zinobi Silikashvili, an Udi of Orthodox confession. Church ceased to function after Soviet takeover.
As museum
Oghuz Regional History and Ethnography Museum () was established on February 19, 1981, in the church building, currently housing 4441 exhibits. In the first years of its activity, there were only 200 exhibits in the main fund. There are many valuable examples of the history, culture, ethnography and craftsmanship of the local area. 168 samples of material culture obtained during archeological excavations in the region are also demonstrated here.
Gallery
References
19th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Eastern Orthodox churches in Azerbaijan
Museums in Oğuz
Former Armenian Apostolic churches
Umbonulidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Aegyptopora Ziko, 1988
Astochoporella Hayward & Thorpe, 1988
Desmacystis Osburn, 1950
Escharopsis Verrill, 1879
Oshurkovia Grischenko & Mawatari, 2005
Posterula Jullien, 1903
Rhamphostomella Lorenz, 1886
Scorpiodina Jullien, 1886
Trigonopora Maplestone, 1902
Umbonula Hincks, 1880
References
Bryozoan families
The Second Battle of the Java Sea was the last naval action of the Netherlands East Indies campaign, of 1941–42. It occurred on 1 March 1942, two days after the first Battle of the Java Sea. It saw the end of the last Allied warships operating in the waters around Java, allowing Japanese forces to complete their conquest of the Dutch East Indies unhindered.
Background
The American-British-Dutch-Australian Command fleet were defeated at the first Battle of the Java Sea, on 27 February 1942, and its ships had been dispersed or sunk by the Japanese.
The light cruiser and the heavy cruiser had retreated to Tanjung Priok, the port of the capital, Batavia, in the west of the island. They planned to withdraw via the Sunda Strait to Tjilatjap on the south of the island and departed on the evening of 28 February; but encountering the Japanese Western Invasion Force later that night in Bantam Bay, they were both sunk in the battle of Sunda Strait; in a related but separate action, the Dutch destroyer HNLMS Evertsen was also destroyed.
The heavy cruiser —severely damaged in the first Battle of the Java Sea—had withdrawn to Surabaya in the east, escorted by the Dutch destroyer . There she was joined by , which arrived with the survivors from the destroyer . Also at Surabaya were the four U.S. destroyers of Destroyer Division 58 (DesDiv 58), which had also withdrawn there from the battle, and , which had been undergoing repairs.
On 28 February, after nightfall, DesDiv 58 (, , , and ) departed for Australia via Surabaya's shallow eastern channel, and then exited the Java area by going south through the Bali Strait; after a brief encounter with Japanese destroyers they arrived safely at Fremantle on 4 March.
After emergency repairs, Exeter also left for further repairs in Ceylon, leaving at dusk on 28 February, and escorted by Encounter and Pope. Witte de With was unable to leave, due to mechanical trouble, and was later bombed and sunk at Surabaya on 2 March.
As Exeter had too much draft for leaving the main anchorage at Surabaya via its southern (thence eastern) channel, she was forced to leave via the main north entrance with a decision having been made to exit the Java Sea via Sunda Strait to the west, which was thought to be still open; the morning of 1 March found the three Allied ships west-northwest of Bawean island, heading westwards. The ships were making , as much as Exeter could manage.
The battle
At 04:00 on 1 March, ships were sighted to the west; being in no condition for a battle, Exeter and her two consorts changed course to the northwest to avoid contact.
More ships were sighted at 07:50, bearing southwest; again, the Allied ships had to alter course to avoid them.
At 09:35, two heavy cruisers were sighted approaching from the south; these were and of the Eastern Invasion Force with two destroyers, and under Admiral Takeo Takagi, whom they had met two days previously at the battle of the Java Sea.
Exeter and the destroyers turned northeast and increased speed, but soon sighted more ships approaching from the northwest; this was Admiral Ibo Takahashi, with the heavy cruisers and and two destroyers, and .
Closing in on either side of the fleeing Allied ships, the cruisers opened fire at 10:20 as they came in range.
Encounter and Pope responded by making smoke, and later attempted a torpedo attack, while Exeter returned fire, but at 11:20 Exeter sustained a major hit in her boiler room, resulting in a loss of power and slowing her to . As the four Japanese cruisers closed in on Exeter, Encounter and Pope were ordered to break contact and make for a nearby rain squall in an attempt to shake off pursuit. Struck by multiple shell hits, Exeter was brought to a standstill, and the destroyer Inazuma closed in for a torpedo attack, hitting Exeter with two torpedoes on her starboard side. Exeter sank at 11:40, approximately north-west of Bawean Island.
The Japanese cruisers had by then already switched their attention to the fleeing destroyers; Encounter however had gallantly disobeyed her orders to escape and had previously turned back to lay a smoke screen to protect the immobilised Exeter, and aid survivors, but had soon been immobilised herself by shell hits and set on fire. Lieutenant Commander Eric 'Rattler' Morgan, the destroyer's captain, ordered his ship scuttled to prevent her capture by the Japanese and she capsized and sank about 12:10. Pope continued to evade and was able to reach the rain squall and was lost to sight.
The respite was short-lived, however; shortly after noon she was spotted by planes from the aircraft carrier , which was covering the Western Invasion Force; she was dive-bombed and sunk around 13:50.
There were just over 800 survivors altogether; these were rescued and imprisoned by the Japanese, with 190 of them subsequently dying in captivity.
The wrecks
The wrecks of HMS Exeter and HMS Encounter were discovered by explorers - who had been looking for the wrecks for five years - in February 2007 only several miles apart, north-west of Bawean Island, from Exeter's captain's (Oliver Gordon) estimated sinking position, at a depth of approximately 60 m (200 ft). The remains of the wreck of USS Pope was discovered in late 2008, but was found to have already been heavily salvaged.
In November 2016, a diving expedition discovered that the wrecks of HMS Exeter and HMS Encounter were missing from the ocean floor. The Guardian newspaper subsequently reported that the wrecks of HMS Exeter, HMS Encounter, and part of HMS Electra, as well as the submarine USS Perch were missing and presumed illegally scavenged. Commenting on their removal, one of the men involved in their original discovery is stunned at the magnitude of the salvaging that appears to have taken place.
References
Bibliography
Stephen Roskill: The War at Sea 1939-1945 Vol II (1956) ISBN (none)
Samuel Eliot Morison: History of United States Naval operations in World War II: Vol III The Rising Sun in the Pacific (1948) ISBN (none)
Eric Groves: Sea Battles in Close-Up WWII Vol 2 (1993)
Donald MacIntyre: The Battle for the Pacific (1966) ISBN (none)
Military history of Indonesia
South West Pacific theatre of World War II
Naval battles of World War II involving the United States
Java Sea
Naval battles of World War II involving Japan
1942 in Japan
Java Sea
Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies
March 1942 events
ja:スラバヤ沖海戦#三月一日昼戦
In linguistics and philosophy, a vague predicate is one which gives rise to borderline cases. For example, the English adjective "tall" is vague since it is not clearly true or false for someone of middling height. By contrast, the word "prime" is not vague since every number is definitively either prime or not. Vagueness is commonly diagnosed by a predicate's ability to give rise to the Sorites paradox. Vagueness is separate from ambiguity, in which an expression has multiple denotations. For instance the word "bank" is ambiguous since it can refer either to a river bank or to a financial institution, but there are no borderline cases between both interpretations.
Vagueness is a major topic of research in philosophical logic, where it serves as a potential challenge to classical logic. Work in formal semantics has sought to provide a compositional semantics for vague expressions in natural language. Work in philosophy of language has addressed implications of vagueness for the theory of meaning, while metaphysicians have considered whether reality itself is vague.
Importance
The concept of vagueness has philosophical importance. Suppose one wants to come up with a definition of "right" in the moral sense. One wants a definition to cover actions that are clearly right and exclude actions that are clearly wrong, but what does one do with the borderline cases? Surely, there are such cases. Some philosophers say that one should try to come up with a definition that is itself unclear on just those cases. Others say that one has an interest in making his or her definitions more precise than ordinary language, or his or her ordinary concepts, themselves allow; they recommend one advances precising definitions.
In law
Vagueness is also a problem which arises in law, and in some cases, judges have to arbitrate regarding whether a borderline case does, or does not, satisfy a given vague concept. Examples include disability (how much loss of vision is required before one is legally blind?), human life (at what point from conception to birth is one a legal human being, protected for instance by laws against murder?), adulthood (most familiarly reflected in legal ages for driving, drinking, voting, consensual sex, etc.), race (how to classify someone of mixed racial heritage), etc. Even such apparently unambiguous concepts such as gender can be subject to vagueness problems, not just from transsexuals' gender transitions but also from certain genetic conditions which can give an individual mixed male and female biological traits (see intersex).
In science
Many scientific concepts are of necessity vague, for instance species in biology cannot be precisely defined, owing to unclear cases such as ring species. Nonetheless, the concept of species can be clearly applied in the vast majority of cases. As this example illustrates, to say that a definition is "vague" is not necessarily a criticism. Consider those animals in Alaska that are the result of breeding huskies and wolves: are they dogs? It is not clear: they are borderline cases of dogs. This means one's ordinary concept of doghood is not clear enough to let us rule conclusively in this case.
Approaches
The philosophical question of what the best theoretical treatment of vagueness is—which is closely related to the problem of the paradox of the heap, a.k.a. sorites paradox—has been the subject of much philosophical debate.
Fuzzy logic
One theoretical approach is that of fuzzy logic, developed by American mathematician Lotfi Zadeh. Fuzzy logic proposes a gradual transition between "perfect falsity", for example, the statement "Bill Clinton is bald", to "perfect truth", for, say, "Patrick Stewart is bald". In ordinary logics, there are only two truth-values: "true" and "false". The fuzzy perspective differs by introducing an infinite number of truth-values along a spectrum between perfect truth and perfect falsity. Perfect truth may be represented by "1", and perfect falsity by "0". Borderline cases are thought of as having a "truth-value" anywhere between 0 and 1 (for example, 0.6). Advocates of the fuzzy logic approach have included K. F. Machina (1976) and Dorothy Edgington (1993).
Supervaluationism
Another theoretical approach is known as "supervaluationism". This approach has been defended by Kit Fine and Rosanna Keefe. Fine argues that borderline applications of vague predicates are neither true nor false, but rather are instances of "truth value gaps". He defends an interesting and sophisticated system of vague semantics, based on the notion that a vague predicate might be "made precise" in many alternative ways. This system has the consequence that borderline cases of vague terms yield statements that are neither true, nor false.
Given a supervaluationist semantics, one can define the predicate "supertrue" as meaning "true on all precisifications". This predicate will not change the semantics of atomic statements (e.g. "Frank is bald", where Frank is a borderline case of baldness), but does have consequences for logically complex statements. In particular, the tautologies of sentential logic, such as "Frank is bald or Frank is not bald", will turn out to be supertrue, since on any precisification of baldness, either "Frank is bald" or "Frank is not bald" will be true. Since the presence of borderline cases seems to threaten principles like this one (excluded middle), the fact that supervaluationism can "rescue" them is seen as a virtue.
Subvaluationism
Subvaluationism is the logical dual of supervaluationism, and has been defended by Dominic Hyde (2008) and Pablo Cobreros (2011). Whereas the supervaluationist characterises truth as 'supertruth', the subvaluationist characterises truth as 'subtruth', or "true on at least some precisifications".
Subvaluationism proposes that borderline applications of vague terms are both true and false. It thus has "truth-value gluts". According to this theory, a vague statement is true if it is true on at least one precisification and false if it is false under at least one precisification. If a vague statement comes out true under one precisification and false under another, it is both true and false. Subvaluationism ultimately amounts to the claim that vagueness is a truly contradictory phenomenon. Of a borderline case of "bald man" it would be both true and false to say that he is bald, and both true and false to say that he is not bald.
Epistemicist view
A fourth approach, known as "the epistemicist view", has been defended by Timothy Williamson (1994), R. A. Sorensen (1988) and (2001), and Nicholas Rescher (2009). They maintain that vague predicates do, in fact, draw sharp boundaries, but that one cannot know where these boundaries lie. One's confusion about whether some vague word does or does not apply in a borderline case is due to one's ignorance. For example, in the epistemicist view, there is a fact of the matter, for every person, about whether that person is old or not old; some people are ignorant of this fact.
As a property of objects
One possibility is that one's words and concepts are perfectly precise, but that objects themselves are vague. Consider Peter Unger's example of a cloud (from his famous 1980 paper, "The Problem of the Many"): it is not clear where the boundary of a cloud lies; for any given a bit of water vapor, one can ask whether it is part of the cloud or not, and for many such bits, one won't know how to answer. So perhaps one's term 'cloud' denotes a vague object precisely. This strategy has been poorly received, in part due to Gareth Evans's short paper "Can There Be Vague Objects?" (1978). Evans's argument appears to show that there can be no vague identities (e.g. "Princeton = Princeton Borough"), but as Lewis (1988) makes clear, Evans takes for granted that there are in fact vague identities, and that any proof to the contrary cannot be right. Since the proof Evans produces relies on the assumption that terms precisely denote vague objects, the implication is that the assumption is false, and so the vague-objects view is wrong.
Still by, for instance, proposing alternative deduction rules involving Leibniz's law or other rules for validity some philosophers are willing to defend ontological vagueness as some kind of metaphysical phenomenon. One has, for example, Peter van Inwagen (1990), Trenton Merricks and Terence Parsons (2000).
Legal principle
In the common law system, vagueness is a possible legal defence against by-laws and other regulations. The legal principle is that delegated power cannot be used more broadly than the delegator intended. Therefore, a regulation may not be so vague as to regulate areas beyond what the law allows. Any such regulation would be "void for vagueness" and unenforceable. This principle is sometimes used to strike down municipal by-laws that forbid "explicit" or "objectionable" contents from being sold in a certain city; courts often find such expressions to be too vague, giving municipal inspectors discretion beyond what the law allows. In the US this is known as the vagueness doctrine and in Europe as the principle of legal certainty.
See also
Essentially contested concept
Fuzzy concept
Unconstitutional vagueness
Obfuscation
Relevance
Understanding
Imprecise language
References
Further reading
Deemter, Kees van. Not Exactly: In Praise of Vagueness (Oxford University Press; 368 pages; 2010). Considers vagueness as both a useful and unavoidable aspect of realms from everyday life to computing.
The editors' long introduction gives a clear and very useful overview of theories of vagueness, and they collect many classic papers on the subject.
Keefe, R. 2000. Vagueness. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Technicalities are kept to a minimum to favour a clear account, extremely useful to both students and researchers.
Ronzitti, Giuseppina (ed.), Vagueness: A Guide. Logic, Epistemology, and the Unity of Science, Springer, Dordrecht, 2011.
External links
Epistemology
Semantics
Fuzzy logic
Ambiguity
Philosophy of language
Homonymy
Formal semantics (natural language)
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Oklahoma, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1907, Oklahoma has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in Oklahoma
Notes
References
Beverly Depot is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Beverly, Massachusetts. Located in Downtown Beverly, it serves the Newburyport/Rockport Line. It is the junction of the line's two branches to Newburyport and Rockport and is served by every train on both branches.
The Eastern Railroad was extended through Beverly to Ipswich in 1839. The 1839 station was replaced in 1855; that station was in turn replaced by one designed by Bradford Lee Gilbert in 1897. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and is a contributing property of the Beverly Depot-Odell Park Historic District which was added in 2014. A 500-space parking garage at Beverly opened on August 2, 2014.
History
The Eastern Railroad was extended from Salem to Ipswich via Beverly on December 18, 1839. One of the difficulties in constructing the extension was blasting a -long cut through a ridge near School Street in Beverly. The Beverly station, a low wooden structure, was located at the north end of the Essex Bridge in the town's developed southern tip. The Gloucester Branch opened from Beverly to Manchester on August 3, 1847, and to Gloucester on December 1.
As the population of Gloucester grew, development spread northwards along Cabot Street. Rantoul Street was laid out in 1851 parallel to the Eastern Railroad. The 1839-built depot may have been moved north near Rantoul Street in 1852.
Its 1855 replacement was a larger wooden building with a train shed at the modern site. In 1890, a local citizens group hired Charles Eliot to design improvements to the station grounds. The work was paid for by the private group, as the railroad refused to contribute other than donating some labor and materials. The train shed was torn down for the 1897 construction of the Bradford Lee Gilbert station that still stands. A copy was built ten years later at Andover.
The ticket office closed in 1965 with passenger traffic in free fall as the newly formed MBTA began to subsidize service to Beverly. The station building was sold soon after, and was converted to an antique store by 1968. It partially burned on February 15, 1971, but was renovated and reopened as a restaurant by that December. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The modern station facilities, located adjacent to the depot building, consist of two platforms serving the line's two tracks. Short high-level platforms are located on the outbound end of the longer low-level platforms, making the station accessible.
On November 16, 1984, the Beverly Bridge, which carried the line between Salem and Beverly, was destroyed by a fire. For 13 months, Beverly was the connection point between a Salem-Beverly-Ipswich shuttle bus and a Beverly-Rockport shuttle train. Regular service over a new bridge was restored on December 1, 1985.
Garage
In April 2007, the MBTA announced plans to expand the parking lot and replace the mini-high platforms, with a garage to be added later. However, in June 2008, then-governor Deval Patrick announced plans to build the parking garage. In June 2009, the MBTA chose a site one block south of the station. As part of environmental mitigation for increased urban auto traffic enabled by the Big Dig, the state was required to add 1,000 parking spaces to MBTA stations by the end of 2011. Garages at Salem and Beverly were originally to fill this requirement, but when it became clear that neither would be finished in 2011, additional parking at , , , and the Quincy ferry terminal were used to satisfy it.
On September 15, 2012, the MBTA approved $25 million in funding for the new parking garage. The three-story, 500-space garage more than quintupled former parking capacity and includes facilities such as electric car charging stations and roof-mounted solar panels as well as a covered walkway leading over Pleasant Street to the station platforms. The $34.1 million project began construction in February 2013 after several months of delays. The garage was originally planned to open in December 2013, but the opening was delayed several times due to construction difficulties. A retaining wall required additional reinforcement, unusually cold winter temperatures prevented contractors from pouring concrete, and contaminated soil had to be unexpectedly brought to out-of-state disposal locations when in-state facilities closed. The city of Beverly contributed $500,000 in city funds to cover additional construction costs from these delays.
The garage ultimately opened on August 2, 2014. After four weeks, only 100 of the 500 spaces were being used on a daily basis. By September 2015, usage averaged 260 cars on weekdays. On April 3, 2017, the pedestrian bridge linking the garage and station was heavily damaged by an oversized load on a flatbed truck.
, improvements to the accessible mini-high platforms are in design. A $300k improvement to a tail track north of the station, intended to allow more frequent Boston–Beverly short turn service, is planned to be completed in late 2022.
References
Notes
External links
MBTA – Beverly
Station on Google Maps Street View
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Beverly, Massachusetts
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1897
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, Massachusetts
Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service is a statutory emergency fire and rescue service covering the local authority areas of Wiltshire, Swindon, Dorset and Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole in England.
The service was created on 1 April 2016 by the merger of Dorset Fire and Rescue Service and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service. Its headquarters is at Salisbury, Wiltshire, some from the Dorset county boundary. The former headquarters at Poundbury, Dorset, and Potterne, Wiltshire, are retained as area offices; emergency calls for the combined area have been answered by a control centre at Potterne since August 2015.
Provision of the service is by the Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Authority, which has 18 elected members from all four constituent councils and is chaired by Dorset county councillor Rebecca Knox.
In September 2016, Ben Ansell was appointed as the service's second Chief Fire Officer, succeeding Darran Gunter with effect from December 2016.
Stations
The service has 50 fire stations covering its area: six in the Bournemouth, Christchurch & Poole council areas, 20 in the rest of Dorset, three in Swindon, and 21 in the rest of Wiltshire.
The service uses a variety of duty systems including wholetime firefighters, retained firefighters (on-call), and day-crewed 08:3018:30 Monday to Friday.
Some stations also have fire service co-responders, supporting the work of South Western Ambulance Service.
Other facilities
Fire & Rescue Service Headquarters, Salisbury
Devizes Training Centre
West Moors Training Centre
Support offices in Poundbury (behind the fire station)
Equipment & fleet workshops in Charminster
Equipment workshop in Trowbridge (behind the fire station)
Fleet workshop in Bowerhill, Melksham
Performance
In 2018/2019, every fire and rescue service in England and Wales was subjected to a statutory inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HIMCFRS). The inspection investigated how well the service performs in each of three areas. On a scale of outstanding, good, requires improvement and inadequate, Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service was rated as follows:
See also
Fire services in the United Kingdom
List of British firefighters killed in the line of duty
References
External links
Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service at HMICFRS
Fire and rescue services of England
Organisations based in Wiltshire
Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alī Kūrī and Kalāteh-ye Ūrūj) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 19 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Glenside (2016 population: ) is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Rudy No. 284 and Census Division No. 11. The village is located on Highway 219 approximately 10 km east of the Town of Outlook.
History
Glenside incorporated as a village on March 30, 1911.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Glenside had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the Village of Glenside recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Villages in Saskatchewan
Rudy No. 284, Saskatchewan
Division No. 11, Saskatchewan
The men's decathlon event at the 1948 Olympic Games took place between August 5 & August 6. 17-year-old Bob Mathias of the United States won with a points total of 7139.
Competition format
The decathlon consists of ten track and field events, with a points system that awards higher scores for better results in each of the ten components. The athletes all compete in one competition with no elimination rounds.
Schedule
All times are British Summer Time (UTC+1)
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Overall results
Key
References
External links
Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad, The (1948). The Official Report of the Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad. LA84 Foundation. Retrieved 5 September 2016.
Men's decathlon
1948
Men's events at the 1948 Summer Olympics
The Ontario federal electoral districts each elect one representative to the House of Commons. These districts are
defined by Elections Canada. Their boundaries are also used for provincial electoral districts, with exceptions in Northern Ontario.
Current electoral districts
The following electoral districts are currently represented in the House of Commons.
Notes
Electoral districts and members per Elections Canada for 2015, 2017 and 2018.
Populations are from the 2011 Census except where noted.
References
Electoral districts, federal
Ontario
Anthony French is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1978 FISA Lightweight Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Living people
Jan Řehula () (born 15 November 1973) is a triathlete from the Czech Republic.
Řehula participated in the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal with a total time of 1:48:46.64. His split times were 18:11.89 for the swim, 0:59:13.50 for the cycling, and 0:31:21.25 for the run.
His recent International Triathlon Union rankings include:
2002 - 146th
2003 - 93rd
References
Czech male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1973 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of the Czech Republic
Olympic bronze medalists for the Czech Republic
Olympic medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Stanislav Alekseyevich Pozdnyakov (; born 27 September 1973) is a Russian former fencer, a five-time Olympian (1992–2008) and five-time Olympic medalist in the sabre competitions. He was also a ten-time world champion, winning in 1994–2007. He currently serves as the president of the Russian Olympic Committee. In June 2022, he was removed from his position as European Fencing Confederation (EFC) President at an Extraordinary Congress following a unanimous vote of no confidence in Pozdnyakov in March 2022, due to his conduct in the wake of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
His daughter Sofia Pozdniakova is also a fencer and was gold medalist of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics Women's Individual Sabre event.
Career
Pozdnyakov won the World Fencing Championships ten times; five times in the team event and five times in the individual event. He also won five silver and two bronze medals at the World Championships.
Pozdnyakov is one of the most successful Olympic fencers. At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, as a member of the Unified Team, he took gold. In 1996, now as team captain and competing for Russia, he again won gold in the team event and added his third gold by triumphing in the individual event. His third Olympics was in 2000, where he won his third consecutive team gold and fourth overall. At the 2004 Olympics, Pozdnyakov again competed as part of the Russian men's sabre team, beating the USA 45-44 for the bronze medal. Four years later, at his fifth and last Olympics in 2008, Pozdnyakov finished without a medal as Russia lost in the semi-finals to the USA 45–44 and then lost its bronze medal game. He retired after the Games in Beijing.
After retiring from competitive fencing Pozdnyakov served as an official of the International Fencing Federation (FIE).
Since May 2018 Pozdnyakov serves as the President of the Russian Olympic Committee.
In June 2022, he was removed from his position as European Fencing Confederation (EFC) President at an Extraordinary Congress following a unanimous vote of no confidence in Pozdnyakov in March 2022, due to his conduct in the wake of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
See also
Multiple medallist at the World Fencing Championships
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Russian male sabre fencers
Fencers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic fencers of the Unified Team
Olympic fencers of Russia
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Olympic bronze medalists for Russia
Sportspeople from Novosibirsk
Olympic medalists in fencing
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in fencing
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 1995 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
Presidents of the Russian Olympic Committee
St Peter's Church of England Aided School is one of Exeter's five state sector high schools.
The school was awarded language college status in 2002. The current headteacher of the school is Phil Randall.
The old school building was knocked down (September 2006). Since then, a new building managed by Carillion has been in use. Carillion was then taken over by Sodexo in 2015 for a 5-year contract.
The school was formed by the amalgamation of Hele's School and Bishop Blackall School in 1983.
Notable former pupils
Ben Aldridge (born 1985) - actor
Matt Grimes (born 1995) - footballer
Joe Talbot (born 1984) - lead singer of Idles
References
External links
Official website
Schools in Exeter
Secondary schools in Devon
Church of England secondary schools in the Diocese of Exeter
Voluntary aided schools in England
Steven Lee Zinter (September 18, 1950 – October 30, 2018) was an American lawyer who served as an associate justice of the South Dakota Supreme Court.
Early life and education
Zinter was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on September 18, 1950, and attended the University of South Dakota, receiving his Bachelor of Science in 1972 and his Juris Doctor in 1975.
Legal career
He did not take the bar exam as he was admitted to the South Dakota bar under the state's diploma privilege. He opened a private practice in Pierre, served as an Assistant Attorney General of South Dakota for the state, and served as Hughes County State's Attorney. In 1987 Zinter was appointed a circuit court judge and became presiding judge of the sixth judicial circuit in 1997. Zinter also served as trustee of the South Dakota Retirement System and president of the South Dakota Judges Association. South Dakota Governor Bill Janklow appointed him to the state supreme court on April 2, 2002.
Death
Zinter died on October 30, 2018 in Cannon Falls, Minnesota, from complications from surgery at the Mayo Clinic, in Rochester, Minnesota at the age of 68.
References
1950 births
2018 deaths
Lawyers from Minneapolis
University of South Dakota alumni
South Dakota lawyers
South Dakota state court judges
Justices of the South Dakota Supreme Court
People from Pierre, South Dakota
University of South Dakota School of Law alumni
21st-century American judges
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
ZTE Racer II (also known as ZTE Meteor Racer II or zte p728b) is a phone manufactured by China's ZTE Corporation for the Android platform. It went on sale in September 2011.
Turkcell T11 is a rebranded version of ZTE P728T, one of variations of ZTE Racer II.
See also
Galaxy Nexus
List of Android devices
References
External links
http://www.gsmarena.com/zte_racer_ii-4290.php
Android (operating system) devices
Racer II
Discontinued smartphones
The 1986 Australian Football Championships Night Series was the 8th edition of the AFC Night Series, a VFL-organised national club Australian rules football tournament between the leading clubs from the VFL and the SANFL.
The 1986 Series would be the last to be played under the AFC banner as the VFL began its transformation from a state league to a national competition with the introduction of two interstate expansion clubs, the Brisbane Bears and the West Coast Eagles. As a result, the AFC Board was disbanded and the following year's Night Series was reverted to a VFL-run competition featuring only the VFL teams.
Qualified teams
1 Includes previous appearances in the Championship of Australia and NFL Night Series.
Venues
Knockout stage
Round 1
Lucky loser playoff
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Australian Football Championships night series final
References
Australian rules interstate football
History of Australian rules football
Australian rules football competitions in Australia
1986 in Australian rules football
The striped sparrow (Oriturus superciliosus) is a species of bird in the family Passerellidae. It is monotypic within the genus Oriturus.
It is endemic to Mexico where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and temperate grassland.
References
striped sparrow
striped sparrow
Endemic birds of Mexico
striped sparrow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
William Gaston Pearson (1858–1947) was an American educator and businessman in North Carolina.
Biography
Pearson was born a slave in Durham County on April 11, 1859 to Cynthia Anne Pearson (née Barbee) and George Washington Pearson Sr. After he was freed, he worked at the Carr Factory where General Julian S. Carr, the owner, recognized his potential and financed his education at Shaw University. Pearson graduated from Shaw with a B.S. in 1886 and received an honorary M.A. in 1890. He was awarded Honorary Ph.D's from Kittrell College in 1915 and Wilberforce University in 1919. On June 6, 1893, Pearson married Minnie Sumner of Charlotte, a teacher.
In 1886, Pearson began his teaching career in Whitted High School, a small grade school in Durham and he succeeded James Whitted as principal of the school. He was a close friend of Dr. James E. Shepard, founder of what is now North Carolina Central University and aided Shepard in his efforts to develop the university.
Pearson became the first principal of the newly built Hillside Park High School on Umstead Street in 1922. In the 18 years during which Pearson held this position, many significant improvements were made at Hillside. The enrollment increase markedly and in 1923 the school was recognized as a standard high school by the state Department of Public Instruction. In 1931, Hillside was accredited by the Southern Association of Secondary School and Colleges.
Pearson was a strict disciplinarian who improved the quality of education at Hillside by demanding dedication and excellence from teachers and students. He housed the teachers in two "teacherages" across the street from his home so he could oversee their activities. He would frequently sit in on classes and evaluate teaching techniques. He demanded course outline from each teacher at the beginning of each semester with progress reports at regular intervals during the academic year. At graduation time each year, Pearson traveled to Southern and Eastern Colleges to try to recruit the best teachers possible. Despite his stringent demands, "Profs" Pearson was well liked by students, faculty and community members. In a Principal Popularity Contest sponsored by the Carolina Times newspaper for black schools in Durham, Pearson came in third with an impressive showing of votes (each ticket sent in counted as 500 votes).
Pearson also made outstanding contributions as a member of the Durham community. He was one of the original organizers of the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company, the Fraternal Bank and Trust Company, Southern Fidelity and Surety Company as well as Banker's Fire Insurance Company. He was a trustee of Kittrell College, St. Joseph's A.M.E. Church, the National Religious Training School, NCCU and Wilberforce University. He helped found the Mechanics and Farmers Bank in Durham's "Black Wall Street". In 1927, he received the Harmon Award for Achievement in Business.
Legacy
The W. G. Pearson Gifted and Talented Elementary School, W. G. Pearson Magnet Middle School and the cafeteria at N.C. Central University were named after him.
References
Pearson is repeatedly referenced, as W.G. Pearson, in Andrews's Biography of John Merrick
1858 births
People from Durham County, North Carolina
Shaw University alumni
North Carolina Central University
1947 deaths
The Real Frank Zappa Book is an autobiography/memoir by Frank Zappa, co-written by Peter Occhiogrosso, and published by Poseidon Press. The text is copyright 1989 Frank Zappa, and copyright 1990 Simon & Schuster, Inc. Since 1999, the book has been published in paperback by Touchstone Books.
Contents
The Real Frank Zappa Book has 19 chapters:
INTRODUCTION Book? What book?
How Weird Am I, Anyway?
There Goes the Neighborhood
An Alternative to College
Are We Having a Good Time Yet?
The Log Cabin
Send In the Clowns
Drool, Britannia
All About Music
A Chapter for My Dad
The One You've Been Waiting For
Sticks & Stones
America Drinks and Goes Marching
All About Schmucks
Marriage (as a Dada Concept)
"Porn Wars"
Church and State
Practical Conservatism
Failure
The Last Word
Reviews
Vanity Fair wrote of the book, "An autobiography of mostly hilarious stories...fireside war tales from the big bad days of the rockin' sixties...primer of the sonic avant-garde, the book bashes favorite Zappa targets and dashes a few myths about the man."
The New York Post said, "This book belongs in every home".
References
1989 non-fiction books
American biographies
Frank Zappa
Music autobiographies
Poseidon Press books
Picador (imprint) books
Litorimonas is a genus of bacteria from the family of Hyphomonadaceae.
References
Bacteria genera
Earl Thomas Martineau (August 30, 1896 – January 20, 1966) was an American football player and coach. He played halfback at the University of Minnesota and was selected as an All-American in 1922 and 1923 and served as the captain of the 1923 Minnesota team. While at the University of Minnesota, Martineau was a member of Sigma Chi fraternity. After graduating from Minnesota, Martineau became a football coach. From 1924 to 1928, he was the head football coach at Western Michigan University, then known as Western State Normal School and Western State Teachers College, compiling a record of 26–10–2 in five seasons. His 1926 team tallied a record of 7–1. Martineau later served as a backfield coach for Purdue. In 1932, Martineau began a long association with Fritz Crisler. He was the backfield coach for Crisler at Princeton University from 1932 to 1937 and an assistant coach under Crisler at the University of Michigan from 1938 to 1945.
Early life and playing career
Martineau attended West High School in Minneapolis, Minnesota, from which he graduated in 1917. He enlisted with the United States Marine Corps and served overseas from 1917 to 1919. He died of a heart attack in 1966.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1896 births
1966 deaths
Minnesota Golden Gophers football players
Michigan Wolverines football coaches
Princeton Tigers football coaches
Purdue Boilermakers football coaches
Western Michigan Broncos football coaches
College men's track and field athletes in the United States
College track and field coaches in the United States
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War I
United States Marines
Sports coaches from Minneapolis
Players of American football from Minneapolis
The Dēnkard or Dēnkart (Middle Persian: 𐭣𐭩𐭭𐭪𐭠𐭫𐭲 "Acts of Religion") is a 10th-century compendium of Zoroastrian beliefs and customs during the time. The Denkard is to a great extent considered an "Encyclopedia of Mazdaism" and is a valuable source of information on the religion especially during its Middle Persian iteration. The Denkard is not considered a sacred text by a majority of Zoroastrians, but is still considered worthy of study.
Name
The name traditionally given to the compendium reflects a phrase from the colophons, which speaks of the kart/kard, from Avestan karda meaning "acts" (also in the sense of "chapters"), and dēn, from Avestan daena, literally "insight" or "revelation," but more commonly translated as "religion." Accordingly, dēn-kart means "religious acts" or "acts of religion." The ambiguity of -kart or -kard in the title reflects the orthography of Pahlavi writing, in which the letter may sometimes denote /d/.
Date and authorship
The individual chapters vary in age, style and authorship. Authorship of the first three books is attributed by the colophons to 9th-century priest Adurfarnbag-i Farrokhzadan, as identified in the last chapter of book 3. Of these three books, only a larger portion of the third has survived. The historian Jean de Menasce proposes that this survival was the result of transmission through other persons. The first three books were edited and in fact partially reconstructed, circa 1020, by a certain Ādurbād Ēmēdān of Baghdad, who is also the author of the remaining six books. The manuscript 'B' (ms. 'B 55', B for Bombay) that is the basis for most surviving copies and translations is dated 1659. Only fragments survive of any other copies.
The Denkard is roughly contemporary with the main texts of the Bundahishn.
Structure and content
The Denkard originally contained nine books or volumes, called nasks, and the first two and part of the third have not survived. However, the Denkard itself contains summaries of nasks from other compilations, such as Chihrdad from the Avesta, which are otherwise lost.
The natural divisions of the books are as follows: Books 3-5 are devoted to rational apologetics, book 4 to moral wisdom, and books 7–9 to exegetical theology.
Book 3
Book 3, with 420 chapters, represents almost half of the surviving texts. Jean de Menasce observes that there must have been several different authors at work, as the style and language of the collection is not uniform. The authors are however united in their polemic against the "bad religions", which they do not fail to identify by name (the prudent avoidance of any mention of Islam being an exception).
The majority of the chapters in book 3 are short, of two or three pages apiece. The topics covered in detail, though rare, frequently also identify issues for which the Zoroastrians of the period were severely criticized, such as marriage to next-of-kin (chapter 80). Although on first sight there appears to be no systematic organization of the texts in book 3, the chapter that deals with the principles of Zoroastrian cosmogony (Ch. 123) is the central theme around which the other chapters are topically arranged.
The last chapter of book 3 mentions two legends: one in which Alexander destroys a copy of the Avesta, and another in which the Greeks translate the Avesta into their own language.
Book 4
Book 4, the shortest (and most haphazardly organized) volume in the collection, deals primarily with the arts and sciences. Texts on those topics are interspersed by chapters explaining philosophical and theological concepts such as that of the Amesha Spentas, while other chapters deal with history and the religious contributions of Achaemenid and Sassanid monarchs.
Book 4 also contains an enumeration of works from Greece and India, and "reveals foreign influence from the 3rd century onward." The last chapter of Book 4 ends with a chapter explaining the necessity for practicing good thoughts, words and deeds, and the influences these have on one's afterlife.
Book 5
Book 5 deals specifically with queries from adherents of other faiths.
The first half of Book 5, titled the "Book of Daylamite," is addressed to a Muslim, Yaqub bin Khaled, who apparently requested information on Zoroastrianism. A large part of this section is summary of the history (from the Zoroastrian point of view) of the world up to the advent of Zoroaster and the impact of his revelations. The history is then followed by a summary of the tenets of the faith. According to Philippe Gignoux, the section "clearly nationalist and Persian in orientation, expressing the hope of a Mazdean restoration in the face of Islam and its Arab supporters."
The second half of Book 5 is a series of 33 responses to questions posed by a certain Bōxt-Mārā, a Christian. Thirteen responses address objections raised by Boxt-Mara on issues of ritual purity. The bulk of the remaining material deals with free will and the efficacy of good thoughts, words and deeds as a means to battle evil.
Book 6
Book 6 is a compilation of andarz (a literary genre, lit: "advice", "counsel"), anecdotes and aphorisms that embody a general truth or astute observation. Most of the compositions in book 6 are short didactic sentences that deal with morality and personal ethics.
Structurally, the book is divided into sections that are distinguished from one another by their introductory formulae. In the thematic divisions identified by Shaul Shaked, the first part is devoted to religious subjects, with a stress on devotion and piety. The second and third are related to ethical principles, with the third possibly revealing Aristotelian values. The fourth part may be roughly divided into sections with each addressing a particular human quality or activity. The fifth part includes a summary of twenty-five functions or conditions of human life, organized in five categories: destiny, action, custom, substance and inheritance. The fifth part also includes an enumeration of the names of authors that may have once been the last part of the book. In its extant form the book has a sixth part that, like the first part, addresses religious subjects.
Book 7
Book 7 deals the "legend of Zoroaster", but which extends beyond the life of the prophet. The legend of Zoroaster as it appears in the Denkard is differs slightly from similar legends (such as those presented in the contemporaneous "Selections of Zadspram" and the later Zardosht-nama) in that it presents the story of the prophet as an analogy of the Yasna ceremony.
The thematic and structural divisions are as follows:
The span of human history beginning with Kayomars, in Zoroastrian tradition identified as the first king and the first man, and ending with the Kayanid dynasty. This section of book 7 is essentially the same as that summarized in the first part of book 5, but additionally presents Zoroaster as the manifest representation of khwarrah (Avestan: kavaēm kharēno, "[divine] [royal] glory") that has accumulated during that time.
Zoroaster's parents and his conception.
Zoroaster's infancy and the vain attempts to kill him, through to Zoroaster's first communication with Ohrmuzd and the meeting with Good Thought, the Amesha Spenta Bahman (Avestan: Vohu Manah).
Zoroaster's revelation as received during his seven conversations with Ohrmuzd; the subsequent miracles against the daevas; the revival of the horse of Vishtasp (Avestan: Vistaspa) and the king's subsequent conversion; the vision of Zoroaster.
The life of Zoroaster from Vistasp's conversion up to Zoroaster's death, including his revelations on science and medicine.
The miracles that followed Zoroaster's death
The history of Persia until the Islamic conquest, with an emphasis on several historical or legendary figures.
Prophecies and predictions up to the end of the millennium of Zoroaster (that ends one thousand years after his birth), including the coming of the first savior and his son Ushetar.
The miracles of the thousand years of Ushetar until the coming of Ushetarmah.
The miracles of the thousand years of Ushetarmah until the coming of the Saoshyant.
The miracles of the fifty-seven years of the Saoshyant until the frashgird, the final renovation of the world.
Book 8
Book 8 is a commentary on the various texts of the Avesta, or rather, on the Sassanid archetype of the Avesta. Book 8 is of particular interest to scholars of Zoroastrianism because portions of the canon have been lost and the Denkard at least makes it possible to determine which portions are missing and what those portions might have contained. The Denkard also includes an enumeration of the divisions of the Avesta, and which once served as the basis for a speculation that only one quarter of the texts had survived. In the 20th century it was determined that the Denkard's divisions also took Sassanid-era translations and commentaries into account; these were however not considered to be a part of the Avesta.
Book 9
Book 9 is a commentary on the Gathic prayers of Yasna 27 and Yasna 54. Together, these make up Zoroastrianism's four most sacred invocations: the ahuna vairya (Y 27.13), the Ashem Vohu (Y 27.14), the yenghe hatam (Y 27.15) and the airyaman ishya (Y 54.1).
Bibliography
Further reading
The Dēnkard in English
Kassock, Zeke, (2012), Facsimile Of The Complete Text Of The Pahlavi Dinkard: Volume I: Books III - V,
Zoroastrian texts
Cochleatina is an organic-walled microfossil ('Small Carbonaceous Fossil') known from the late Ediacaran period and early Cambrian Fortunian Stage. Cochleatina comprises a complex spiral ribbon structure, with a serrated outer margin. These spirals are frequently found embedded in an organic sheet. Cochleatina is a rare example of a fossil taxon known to span the Ediacaran–Cambrian boundary.
Affinity
Cochleatina's biological affinity is unknown. It has been variously regarded as the fossil remains of an animal, an alga, or a protist.
References
Incertae sedis
Ediacaran life
Pseudocyclopidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera
Genera:
Badijella Krsinic, 2005
Boholina Fosshagen, 1989
Brattstromia Fosshagen, 1991
References
Copepods
Henry Lloyd (February 21, 1852 – December 30, 1920) was the 40th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1885 to 1888. He was born in 1852 in Dorchester County, Maryland and died in 1920 in Cambridge, Maryland. He was a grandson of Maryland Governor Edward Lloyd.
Early life
Henry Lloyd was born in Dorchester County, Maryland on February 21, 1852, the son of Daniel Lloyd and Kitty Henry Lloyd. He was descended from Edward Lloyd, who had served as Colonial Governor in 1709, and from Edward Lloyd V, the Governor in 1809. He was a descendant on his mother's side of John Henry, the first United States Senator from the Eastern Shore and Governor between 1797 and 1798. He graduated from Cambridge Academy in 1871, then began his career by teaching school. He began the study of law in the office of his uncles Daniel Maynadier Henry, then Congressman from the Eastern Shore, and Judge Charles P. Goldsborough. He was admitted to the bar in 1873.
Personal life
On October 18, 1886, he married Mary Elizabeth Staplefort, and they had one son.
Career
In 1881, he was elected a member of the Maryland State Senate from Dorchester County, being elected its President in the Legislative Session of 1884. He then became the acting governor on March 27, 1885, when Robert M. McLane resigned to become Minister to France. He continued as such until January 1886, when the Legislature votes 100 of 114 ballots for him to be Governor. He was inaugurated on January 21, 1886, to serve until January 11, 1888.
Following his term as governor, Lloyd resumed his law practice in Cambridge, Maryland. He was then elected for the full 15-year term as an Associate Judge of the First Judicial Circuit in 1893.
Death
Lloyd died at his home in Cambridge on December 30, 1920. He is buried at the Christ Church Episcopal Cemetery in Cambridge.
References
1852 births
1920 deaths
Governors of Maryland
Presidents of the Maryland State Senate
Maryland state senators
Maryland Democrats
American people of Welsh descent
People from Dorchester County, Maryland
Democratic Party governors of Maryland
People from Cambridge, Maryland
Lloyd family of Maryland
Burials in Maryland
19th-century American politicians
The 19th European Athletics Junior Championships were held between 19 and 22 July 2007 at the FBK-Stadium in Hengelo, in the eastern Netherlands.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
See also
2007 in athletics (track and field)
References
Results
European Athletics U20 Championships
European Junior Championships
European Junior
European Junior
2007 in youth sport
Sports competitions in Overijssel
Sport in Hengelo
Dischidia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae. They are epiphytes native to tropical areas of China, India and most areas of Indo-China. Dischidia are closely aligned with the sister genus Hoya. Unlike Hoya, the genus Dischidia is poorly known and has not been studied as closely. A few of the species are in widespread cultivation, and can be kept as houseplants in temperate regions.
Most Dischidia grow in arboreal ant nests of different species and some have developed a symbiotic relationship where the plant has developed modified leaves to either provide housing or storage. Of these there are two types of modification to the leaves. Three species develop bullate leaves which are hollow root-filled structures. These are Dischidia complex Griff, Dischidia major (Vahl) Merr. and Dischidia vidalii Becc. Both produce normal leaves (cordate in shape) in addition to the bullate leaves. These bullate leaves are formed when the outer margins of a leaf stop growing while the center of the leaf continues to grow. As time progresses the leaf margins curl under to close the gap which creates a small hole.
A number of species develop imbricate leaves which hold tightly to the growing surface. The underside of the leaf has a space which is filled with roots that the ants take advantage of. Examples of these species are Dischidia major, Dischidia astephana, Dichidia imbricata and Dischidia platyphylla, but there are many more. Plants with this type of growth habit are sometimes called Shingle Plants, which are given this name because the leaves tend to overlap as the growth up or down the surface and give the appearance of shingles on a roof.
Species
Species moved to other genera
Dischidia chinghungensis, syn of Hoya chinghungensis
Dischidia papuana, syn of Dischidiopsis papuana
Dischidia yunnanensis, syn of Biondia yunnanensis
Species with Nomen nudum
Dischidia diphylla Elmer
References
Asclepiadoideae
Apocynaceae genera
Epiphytes
Abu Muhammad Lu'lu', surnamed al-Kabir ("the Elder") and al-Jarrahi al-Sayfi ("[servant] of the Jarrahids and Sayf al-Dawla"), was a military slave (ghulam) of the Hamdanid Emirate of Aleppo. Under the rule of Sa'd al-Dawla, he rose to become the emirate's chamberlain, and on Sa'd al-Dawla's death in 991 he was appointed guardian of his son and successor, Sa'id al-Dawla. The able Lu'lu' soon became the de facto ruler of the emirate, securing his position by marrying his daughter to the young emir. His perseverance and aid from the Byzantine emperor Basil II preserved Aleppo from repeated Fatimid attempts to conquer it. Upon Sa'id al-Dawla's death in 1002—possibly poisoned by Lu'lu'—he became the ruler of the emirate, disinheriting Sa'id al-Dawla's sons. He ruled with wisdom until his death in 1008/9. He was succeeded by his son, Mansur, who managed to retain the throne until deposed in 1015/16.
Early life and rise to power
Although not recorded in any historical source, his nisbas of "al-Jarrahi al-Sayfi" suggest that Lu'lu' was initially a servant of the Jarrahids of Palestine, before coming to serve the Hamdanid ruler of Aleppo, Sayf al-Dawla (r. 945–967), under whom he is attested in an expedition against Mopsuestia in 965. His name, meaning "pearl", was typical of the pet-names often given to the slave-soldiers and servants (ghilman, sing. ghulam) in the contemporary Muslim world. According to historian Fukozo Amabe, Lu'lu' actually seems to have been a mawla (protege) of a certain ghulam of Sayf al-Dawla named Hajraj. Moreover, Amabe asserts that historian Marius Canard's identification of Hajraj with the Jarrahids "seems to be a mistake".
Under Sayf al-Dawla's successor Sa'd al-Dawla, Lu'lu' rose to become the chamberlain (hajib), a post he held at the time of Sa'd al-Dawla's death in 991. On his death-bed, the Hamdanid ruler entrusted to him the stewardship of his own son, Abu'l-Fada'il. Lu'lu' indeed secured the succession of Abu'l-Fada'il, better known as Sa'id al-Dawla, and helped save his life soon after his accession, when the adventurer Bakjur tried to seize Aleppo. Soon, he strengthened his own position by marrying his own daughter to the young emir, and came to exercise the effective rule of the state. Many of his rivals, resenting his power, defected upon Sa'd al-Dawla's death to the Fatimids, who now resumed their attacks on Aleppo. As Canard writes, "the history of [Sa'id al-Dawla's] reign is almost exclusively that of the attempts of Fatimid Egypt to gain the emirate of Aleppo, which were opposed by the Byzantine emperor".
Between Byzantium and Fatimid Egypt
Encouraged by the Hamdanid defectors, the Fatimid caliph al-Aziz launched a first attack in 992, under the governor of Damascus, the Turkish general Manjutakin. The Fatimid general invaded the emirate, defeated a Byzantine force under the doux of Antioch, Michael Bourtzes, in June 992, and laid siege to Aleppo. He failed to pursue the siege with vigour, however, and the city was easily able to resist until, in the spring of 993, after thirteen months of campaigning, Manjutakin was forced to return to Damascus due to lack of supplies. In spring 994, Manjutakin launched another invasion, again defeated Bourtzes at the Battle of the Orontes, took Homs, Apamea and Shayzar and besieged Aleppo for eleven months. The blockade was far more effective this time and soon caused a severe lack of food, so that Sa'id al-Dawla suggested surrender. It was the determination of Lu'lu' that allowed the city's defenders to hold out until the sudden arrival of the Byzantine emperor, Basil II, in Syria in April 995. Basil, who had been campaigning in Bulgaria, had responded to the Hamdanids' plea for aid, and crossed Asia Minor in only sixteen days at the head of an army 13,000 strong. His sudden arrival caused panic in the Fatimid army, and Manjutakin burned his camp and retreated to Damascus without battle.
Sa'id al-Dawla and Lu'lu' prostrated themselves before the emperor in person as a sign of gratitude and submission, and he in turn released the emirate from its obligation to pay an annual tribute. Basil's interest in Syria was limited, however, and after a brief campaign that saw an unsuccessful attack on Tripoli, returned to Constantinople. Al-Aziz on the other hand now prepared for all-out war with the Byzantines, but his preparations were cut short by his death in October 996. The Byzantine–Fatimid contest over Syria continued, however, with alternating success. In 995, Lu'lu' made terms with al-Aziz and acknowledged him as Caliph, and for a few years Fatimid influence over Aleppo grew. In 996, the governor of Maarrat al-Nu'man rebelled and was forced to flee to the Fatimids. In 998 Lu'lu' and Sa'id al-Dawla tried to seize the fortress of Apamea, but were thwarted by the new Byzantine doux, Damian Dalassenos. Dalassenos' defeat and death in a battle with Bedouins shortly after caused another intervention by Basil in the next year, which stabilized the situation and strengthened Aleppo's security from Fatimid attack by placing a Byzantine garrison at Shayzar. The conflict ended with another treaty in 1001 and the conclusion of a ten-year truce.
Ruler of Aleppo
In January 1002, Sa'id al-Dawla died, although according to a tradition recorded by Ibn al-Adim, he was poisoned at the behest of Lu'lu'. Along with his son Mansur, Lu'lu' now assumed direct power over Aleppo, at first as ostensible guardians over Sa'id al-Dawla's sons Abu'l-Hasan Ali and Abu'l-Ma'ali Sharif, until, in 1003/4, he had them exiled to Egypt. According to Yaqut al-Hamawi, Lu'lu' al-Kabir ruined the "celebrated fortress" of Kafr Rumah when he conquered Aleppo in 393 (1003).
As Emir of Aleppo, Lu'lu' was a capable ruler, who was remembered for his wisdom and justice. He also managed to maintain the balance between Byzantium and the Fatimids: although he recognized Fatimid suzerainty, he continued to pay tribute to Byzantium, and imprisoned the adventurer al-Asfar, who dreamed of launching jihad against the Byzantine Empire. Lu'lu' died in 1008/9, and was succeeded by his son Mansur. Mansur was unpopular, faced several challenges to his rule by rival factions and tribes, and quickly became subordinate to the Fatimids. In the end, he was deposed by a popular uprising in 1015/16 and forced to find refuge in Byzantine territory.
According to Marius Canard, "Lu'lu' presents the image of a slave (ghulam) who, by his energy and ability, and favoured by external events, succeeds in hoisting himself up to a position of supremacy over an emirate, admittedly an emirate of secondary importance. It could be said that he prefigures in the 5th/11th century what various of the Mamluks of Egypt were to become on a larger scale."
References
Sources
10th-century births
1000s deaths
Emirs of Aleppo
Arab people of the Arab–Byzantine wars
Ghilman
People of the Hamdanid emirate of Aleppo
The 2003 Colchester Borough Council election took place on 1 May 2003 to elect members of Colchester Borough Council in Essex, England. This was the same day as the other 2003 United Kingdom local elections. One third of the seats were up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
Background
Before the election the Conservatives were the largest party with 24 seats, the Liberal Democrats had 23 seats, Labour had 4 seats, there were 8 independents and 1 seat was vacant after the sitting Labour councillor moved to Scotland. The council was run by a cabinet comprising 3 Conservatives, 3 Liberal Democrats and 1 Labour members.
21 seats were being contested, with 2 seats available in Wivenhoe Cross due to the vacancy. The remaining 20 seats all had the sitting councillors defending their seats and included the Labour group leader Tim Young in St Andrew's and the Conservative mayor Nigel Chapman in Fordham and Stour. Meanwhile, in High Woods, Ian Ringer, defended the seat as an independent after leaving the Liberal Democrats earlier in 2003.
Election result
Prior to the election, 3 Liberal Democrat councillors from Highwoods ward defected and sat as Independents, reducing the Liberal Democrat group to 23 councillors.
Following the election Bob Newman left the Labour group to sit as an independent, reducing Labour to 4 councillors. Labour then went into opposition after refusing to work with the Conservatives and a new cabinet was formed with 4 Conservative and 4 Liberal Democrat members.
Ward results
Shown below are ward results according to the council's election results archive.
Three of the single-seat wards (Dedham & Langham, East Donyland, Marks Tey) were not up for election this year. Neither were three of the two-seat wards (Harbour, Lexden, St John's).
Berechurch
Birch & Winstree
Castle
Christ Church
Copford & West Stanway
Fordham & Stour
Great Tey
Highwoods
Mile End
New Town
Prettygate
St. Andrew's
St. Anne's
Shrub End
Stanway
Tiptree
West Bergholt & Eight Ash Green
West Mersea
Wivenhoe Cross
Wivenhoe Quay
By-elections between 2003 and 2004
A by-election took place on 22 April 2004 after the death of the independent councillor Richard Davies.
References
2003 English local elections
2003
2000s in Essex
Gokdalsan is a mountain in the county of Gapyeong County in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Gokdalsan has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of South Korea
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
zh:鹄达山
The Australian Business Number (ABN) is a unique 11-digit identifier issued by the Australian Business Register (ABR) which is operated by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). The ABN was introduced on 1 July 2000 by John Howard's Liberal government as part of a major tax reform, which included the introduction of a GST.
The law requires each entity that carries on a business in Australia has an ABN and that the ABN appear on each tax invoice and other tax related documents issued by the entity.
Australian Business Register
The Australian Business Register (ABR) is maintained by the Registrar of the ABR, who is also the Commissioner of Taxation. The Registrar registers entities, issuing them with an ABN, while the Commissioner of Taxation issues the entity a tax file number.
Entitlement to an ABN
The Registrar issues ABNs only to entities that are entitled to an ABN, which can be:
an individual,
a body corporate,
a corporation sole,
a body politic,
a partnership,
any other unincorporated association or body of persons,
a trust, or
a superannuation funds.
For an entity to be entitled to an ABN, it must:
carry on an enterprise in Australia, or
carry on an enterprise that makes supplies connected with Australia, or
be a company registered under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Whether or not an entity is carrying on an enterprise is a question of fact and there are many circumstances where an entity will be carrying on an enterprise. Without being exhaustive, an entity will be carrying on an enterprise if it:
is in the form of a business,
leases property,
is a religious institution,
is a superannuation fund,
is an arm of the government, or
is a charity.
The Registrar can refuse an entity's application to be registered. Equally, the Registrar can cancel an entity's registration and thus their ABN. Each of these decisions are reviewable taxation decisions.
Applying for an ABN
An entity can apply for an ABN:
online through the Australian Business Register portal,
using the services of a registered tax agent, or
lodging a paper-based application with the ATO.
Before applying for an ABN the entity must have a tax file number (TFN).
Format of the ABN
The ABN is an 11-digit number where the first two digits are a checksum. Unlike with the tax file number (TFN), the ATO has publicised the formula for checking and creating valid ABN checksums. Also, the nature of the ABN algorithm means that any 9-digit number can be made into a valid ABN.
In the case of companies, the ATO determines the ABN by using the company's Australian Company Number (ACN) to which the two-digit checksum is prefixed.
See also
Australian Company Number
Taxation in Australia
List of company registers
References
External links
Australian Business Register
ABN Information
ABN Lookup
Formula of the ABN
National identification numbers
Taxation in Australia
2000 establishments in Australia
The 47th Arizona State Legislature, consisting of the Arizona State Senate and the Arizona House of Representatives, was constituted in Phoenix from January 1, 2005, to December 31, 2006, during the second two years of Janet Napolitano's first term in office. Both the Senate and the House membership remained constant at 30 and 60, respectively. The Republicans gained a seat in the Senate, giving them an 18-12 majority. The Republicans maintained their majority in the lower chamber, 39–21, while the Democrats picked up the sole seat held by an Independent.
Sessions
The Legislature met for two regular sessions at the State Capitol in Phoenix. The first opened on January 10, 2005, and adjourned on May 13, while the Second Regular Session convened on January 9, 2006, and adjourned sine die on June 22.
There was a single Special Session, which convened on January 24, 2006, and adjourned sine die on March 6.
State Senate
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
House of Representatives
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
References
External links
Arizona legislative sessions
2005 in Arizona
2006 in Arizona
2005 U.S. legislative sessions
2006 U.S. legislative sessions
The Port of Turku (, ) is a port located in the south-west of Finland, where the mainland meets the beginning of the Turku archipelago. Sited within Finland's sixth largest city, the port principally handles traffic between Turku and the Swedish capital of Stockholm and the enclaved Åland.
Harbour
The port spans a wide area on the southern coastline of the city of Turku, from the mouth of the River Aura to the district of Pansio. The area around the railway station is served by the four (twice-daily) Silja line and Viking Line passenger ferry services to Stockholm via Mariehamn, the capital of Åland.
Importance
Because of the port's location at the southwestern corner of Finland the harbour provides the most efficient route to serve the Baltic Sea. Turku Harbour is one of the most important shipment points in the country, handling over four million tonnes of cargo and a corresponding four million passengers per year.
As a comparison to Helsinki-Vantaa Airport; Turku handles one third as many passengers per year, but thirty times as much freight annually.
Daily passenger ferry traffic is operated from Turku to Åland and Stockholm. Weekly ferry destinations include Travemünde, Hamburg, Lübeck, Antwerp, Harwich and Paldiski. There are also less frequent connections to popular holiday destinations such as St Malo and several cities in Spain. The most important operators of ferry services are Silja Line and Viking Line.
District
Port of Turku (Finnish Turun satama; Swedish Åbo hamn) is also the name of a district of Turku, with boundaries roughly corresponding with those of the port's area. , the district had a registered residential population of forty-four people.
The port is mentioned in the Arab geographer Muhammad al-Idrisi's 1154 book Kitab Rudjdjar, reflecting Turku's status as a capital city and major Baltic Sea trading post.
Railway
Turku Harbour railway station is located adjacent to the main passenger-ferry berths used by the ferries to Stockholm in Sweden and has two full-length tracks arranged with a central platform between them. Passengers walk directly off the platform and onto the car-park and bus-station area in front of the ferry terminals.
Most traffic to the station is by people wishing to board a ship at the port and the services are timed to overlap with the ferries berthing times. The station has direct boat-train services to Helsinki and towards Pieksämäki (terminating or starting in Tampere). All services to and from Turku Harbour call at Turku Central railway station. The three-kilometre journey between the two stations takes around seven minutes, involving the slow-speed crossing of several main roads with level crossings, passing the city's residential and industrial areas.
The phrase Turku Harbour is the semi-official English name of the railway station, being used in English-language timetables and "next stop" announcements on board VR trains.
Note that although the station has direct through sleeping car services to Rovaniemi and Kolari in the north of Finland, passengers using the car-carrying trains are required to drive into the centre of the town to load their vehicles at Turku Central railway station where appropriate ramps are installed.
Cargo
Turku was the only port in Finland with a train ferry service. Between June 1989 and December 2011 SeaWind Line provided a limited train ferry operation for cargo. Because of the gauge difference between Finland (1,524 mm) and the rest of Europe (1,435 mm), through service was using special variable gauge rolling stock. The tracks in Stockholm and on the ferry itself were standard gauge, with a short section of standard gauge in the harbour area to enable hauling the wagons off the ferry before the gauge of the axles was altered using bogie exchange.
References
External links
Port of Turku website.
VR (Finnish National Railways) information, Turku [Central] Railway Station.
Railway stations in Southwest Finland
Turku
Districts of Turku
Buildings and structures in Turku
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1982:
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1982 at HKcinemamagic.com
1982
Lists of 1982 films by country or language
1982 in Hong Kong
The Red Arrows is the aerobatics display team of the Royal Air Force.
Red Arrows may also refer to:
Lowell high school, a public secondary school in Lowell, Michigan USA, nicknamed "Red Arrows" in honor of the 32nd Red Arrow Infantry Division
Red Arrows F.C., a Zambian soccer club
Al-Mussanah Club “Red Arrows“, Omani sports club
The Red Arrows, a UK express bus service operated between Wearside and Newcastle by Go Northern Ltd.
Red Arrows Sky Force, plane ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach
See also
Red Arrow (disambiguation)
The 1997 Paris–Tours was the 91st edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 5 October 1997. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Andrei Tchmil of the Lotto team: the average speed of 47.17 km/h earned Tchmil the Ruban Jaune.
General classification
References
1997 in French sport
1997
Paris-Tours
1997 in road cycling
October 1997 sports events in Europe
Carenum rutilans is a species of ground beetle found commonly in Australia in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1907.
References
rutilans
Beetles described in 1907
Night Parade is a 1929 American pre-Code drama film directed by Malcolm St. Clair based on the play Ringside by Hyatt Daab, Edward Paramore, Jr. and George Abbott. Released by RKO Pictures in October 1929, it starred Hugh Trevor, Aileen Pringle, Dorothy Gulliver and Robert Ellis.
Plot
Bobby Murray is the middleweight champion, managed by his father, Tom. He is expected to lose an upcoming fight in defense of his title. A local sportswriter, Sid Durham, also thinks he will lose, but he has high regard for Tom. A gangster, John Zelli, also feels that Murray will lose, but wants to ensure that fact. Zelli enlists the talents of sultry Paula Vernoff to seduce Bobby, and get him to agree to throw the fight.
Over the course of several meetings between Paula and Bobby, she eventually, through seduction and alcohol, gets him to agree to purposely lose. Durham, through his connections, learns of Zelli's plot, and tells Tom what Bobby agreed to. Tom confronts Bobby, who confesses, after which he learns that a childhood friend, Doris O'Connell, who he always had feelings for, also has feelings for him.
Unsure of what to do, Bobby goes to the fight. Meanwhile, his father, Tom, goes to have a little meeting with Zelli, and makes sure that Zelli won't bother Bobby again. As the fight progresses, Bobby is on the verge of losing. But as he is knocked to the canvas a last time, he sees his father and Doris arrive ringside, giving him the courage to get up and win the fight.
Cast
Aileen Pringle as Paula Vernoff
Hugh Trevor as Bobby Martin
Dorothy Gulliver as Doris O'Connell
Robert Ellis as John W. Zelli
Ann Pennington as Dancer
Lloyd Ingraham as Tom Murray
Lee Shumway as Sid Durham
Charles Sullivan (actor) as Huffy
Notes
The film was also released by RKO as a silent film.
The film was known as Sporting Life in Great Britain, and La Più Bella Vittoria in Italy.
References
External links
1929 films
1920s sports drama films
American boxing films
American sports drama films
American black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Malcolm St. Clair
RKO Pictures films
1929 drama films
1920s American films
Krystal Weir (born 15 January 1985) is an Australian sailor. She finished tenth at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing in the Women's Laser Radial class event, where she finished in twelfth.
Personal
Weir was born on 15 January 1985 in Melbourne, Victoria and spent her childhood in Victoria. , she lives in Melbourne, Victoria.
Weir is tall and weighs .
Sailing
Weir is a sailor and has been described by as "Australia's glamour girl in the world of sailing". She started sailing as an eleven-year-old at the Elwood Sailing Club. She was coached by Lex Bertrand and is now coached by Laura Baldwin who became her coach in 2011. She has a sailing scholarship with the Victorian Institute of Sport, and is a member of the Sandringham Yacht Club. Part of her past training included being thrown overboard by her then coach into Port Phillip Bay. It also included trying to collect tennis balls, ping pong balls and straws that were thrown into the water by her coach while not tipping her boat over. She arrived in London a month before the start of the Games in order to better prepare.
Weir won a World Championship in 2004 in the Laser Radial class. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the three-crew Yngling team, where she finished tenth alongside teammates Karyn Gojnich and Angela Farrell. She originally was not named to the team, only making the event after another sailor injured herself in a mountain biking accident.
At the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Melbourne, Weir finished third. In 2012, she spent three months competing in Europe. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in the Netherlands, she came in first in round five in the Laser Radial class. At a 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup event, she came in second. At the 2012 Skandia Sail for Gold Regatta, she finished eighth in the Women's Laser Radial class.
Weir was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing in the Women's Laser Radial class event.
References
Living people
1985 births
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Yngling
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Laser Radial
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Olympic sailors of Australia
Australian female sailors (sport)
Victorian Institute of Sport alumni
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Universiade medalists in sailing
Universiade bronze medalists for Australia
St. Brides is an unincorporated community in northern Alberta within the County of St. Paul No. 19, located at the junction of Highway 29 and Highway 36, west of St. Paul. Established in 1927, this community in central Alberta was settled by 50 immigrant families from Northern Ireland.
Localities in the County of St. Paul No. 19
Give Yourself Goosebumps is a children's horror fiction gamebook series by R. L. Stine. After the success of the regular Goosebumps books, Scholastic Press decided to create this spin-off series in 1995. In fact, Stine had written gamebooks in previous years.
Fifty books in the series, including the "special editions" were published between 1995 and 2000. All of the books in the series, with the exception of Please Don't Feed the Vampire, are now out-of-print.
General plotline
For the most part, play is rather simple, as the books are merely novels with branching plots. The books are written in the second person and enlivened by puzzles or choices. Rather than being simply from beginning to end, the reader is told to turn to a certain page at the bottom of the current page, at certain pages the reader will be given at least two choices of which page to turn to, depending on what they want the main character (one's self) to do. If the reader makes poor choices, the book may come to a "bad" ending that will feature a horrid fate for the main character, but the reader is always able to go back and choose a new choice.
There is also at least one page in each book that uses an alternative method to selecting each choice, and is done more by chance rather than the reader's decision. These include; "Tossing a Coin" (where "Heads" represents one page and "Tails" another) "Rolling a Die" ("Odd" and "Even" sides having their own pages), or the reader trying a challenge in real life (and turning to a different page depending on whether they were successful or not). This whole structure came from the then-popular Choose Your Own Adventure book series.
There are normally two "main stories" and one "side story" which have their own set of choices, and a certain decision - usually at the first two choices that will determine which of the two "stories" the reader will be a part of, the side story will usually feature inside one of the two main stories, would consist of a small group of choices, and is usually more lighthearted than the rest of the book. Also, there is sometimes a group of choices, which contain one choice which is blatantly wrong (such as eating the blue eggs in Escape from Camp Run-For-Your-Life or failing to acknowledge the situation in Welcome to the Wicked Wax Museum as an emergency). If (s)he makes one of these choices the book will break the fourth wall and demand that the reader turns back and choose a better option, or sometimes simply end the whole book then and there. This literary trope is characteristic of many late 20th century Western works of metafiction.
It is also worth noting that the main character is never named and is usually of ambiguous gender; therefore the reader can easily imagine himself or herself as the main character regardless of what sex he or she is, however, sometimes the occasional "he" slips through. There is, however, a "friend character" who is named and given a gender, these characters are normally present throughout the storyline. The only thing linking the main character in each story is that they are self-proclaimed "Goosebumps Experts".
Endings
Because of the choices and page connections, there are many ways the story can end. These vary depending on which book is being read, but largely the endings involve the reader's character dying, permanently metamorphosing into something other than human, getting trapped somewhere inescapable (implying that one will die eventually), being put in a state of immobility such as becoming a statue, or - if the correct choices are met - surviving the story. The ending pages are the only ones which have no choices, and simply have the words "The End" where the choices would usually be. Occasionally it will just say "End" because it is supposed to be part of the final sentence, or it will say something else appropriate.
There are also endings that combine the above options, such as being mutated, and then being killed because of whatever it is they are now or an almost "good" ending in which - despite the reader's metamorphosis - the ending is still relatively satisfying, in The Deadly Experiments of Dr. Eeek, the reader can metamorphose into a dog if the wrong choice is chosen, but still gets home in one ending, albeit stuck in dog form. Not all bad choices will take the reader to a bad ending immediately; instead, they will sometimes take the reader to another page which has its own choices, but all of them will lead to a bad ending - this is because a previous choice has put the reader in an inescapable situation, where there is no chance of making it out alive, and although they do not die immediately from that choice, the reader has ultimately gotten "killed" by making that decision. Fortunately, the reverse occasionally happens as well; some choices will take the reader to a page with choices that all lead to a good ending.
In addition, each book involves at least one page where the reader's knowledge of the actual Goosebumps books is called into question. This can either involve them being asked a question relating to one of the actual Goosebumps books, or simply being faced with something that has previously appeared in Goosebumps, and only a true Goosebumps fan would know how to respond to it. For the questions, the reader is given the choice of turning to one of two pages - one where they give the correct answer and one where they give the wrong answer (which usually has some subtle similarities to the correct one), and for the references, the reader is just given choices, which are blatant if they know what book the choices are referring to, but make no sense if they do not. Answering correctly will allow the story to continue, but answering incorrectly will normally result in death. There is at least one good ending in each book, as opposed to the 20+ scary endings (explained above).
US and UK versions of covers
The covers were metallic and holographic, showing a basic design repeated on the cover background. One color the entire design, and the design would change slightly when the book was moved to different areas of light. The design itself changed with every book, although some of the designs are repeated, as in books 10, 12, 13, 16, 17, and 19. Three illustrators did the cover illustrations, the first was Tim Jacobus, who did the original series and Goosebumps Series 2000. Jacobus only did one cover, Escape from the Carnival of Horrors, and it is often mistaken for Mark Nagata, who illustrated the next 22 books, because Jacobus' signature is not visible on the front. It is, however, visible on the back, as it was obscured by Choose from over 20 Different Scary Endings! on the front.
Mark Nagata illustrated the next book, Tick Tock, You're Dead!, throughout number 24, Lost in Stinkeye Swamp. Number 25, Shop Till You Drop... Dead!, was illustrated by Craig White, whose illustrations were made with computers and who illustrated the last 17 through number 42, All Day Nightmare and all 8 of the special edition books.
In the UK, books 1-14 contained covers with the pictures almost completely obscured by an illustration of a slimy substance
This occasionally obscured important parts of the cover (e.g. in Diary of a Mad Mummy, it is impossible to actually see the diary on the UK cover.) The later books of the UK had more detail to them and were no longer covered, but still had slightly less detail than the US version.
The UK version did not sparkle like the US version.
The US version had a tagline on the back of the books, the UK version did not
The synopses between the UK/US were different.
List of Give Yourself Goosebumps books
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
|-
! style="width:30px; background:#58c035; color:#fff;"|# !! style="background:#58c035;color:#fff;"|Title !! style="width:160px; background:#58c035; color:#fff;"|Original published date !! style="background:#58c035;color:#fff;"|Pages !! style="width:120px; background:#58c035;"|ISBN
|-
! style="background:#58c035;color:#fff;" colspan="5"| Special Edition
|-
|}
References
External links
Give Yourself Goosebumps at Gamebooks.org
Give Yourself Goosebumps at Scary For Kids
Book series introduced in 1995
Gamebooks
Goosebumps
Metafictional works
Weilersbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Forchheim (district)
Selkoe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dennis J. Selkoe (born 1943), American neurologist
Greg Selkoe (fl. 1990s–2020s), American entrepreneur
Sampietrini (also sanpietrini) is the typical kind of pavement found in the historic district of Rome and in St. Peter's Square, Vatican City. The earliest examples were made by trimming large blocks that had been used in ancient Roman roads, recently discovered in fifteenth- and sixteenth-century archaeological excavations. The first documented use in Rome of "sampietrini" stones was during the reign of Pope Pius V (1566–72). Over the next two centuries the stones were used to pave all the main streets of Rome, because this mode was superior to brick, for example by providing a smoother and stronger surface for carriages, among other reasons.
Positive aspects of sampietre include:
it leaves small channels in between the individual bricks for water to pass through
it easily adapts to the irregularities of the ground
it is a strong material
after it has been laid down, it remains firm for a long time
Negatives include:
the ground becomes irregular over time
if wet, it can become very slippery
Because of its peculiarities, the sampietrini are not suitable for streets where traffic travels at high speed. Nowadays its use is largely confined to historical or very narrow streets in the centre of Rome (in Trastevere for example), where the traffic is light and slow.
The widespread availability of sampietrini have also made it a weapon of choice in Italian riots since the 1960s.
In July 2005 the mayor of Rome Walter Veltroni declared that the Sampietrini pavement was causing several problems: its irregularity could be dangerous for people riding mopeds or any two-wheeled vehicles; moreover big vehicles passing on it are very noisy and cause wide vibrations that can damage the surrounding buildings. Even though it was argued that these problems are caused by inadequate maintenance, Veltroni said that, from now on, the Sampietrini will be removed wherever possible, keeping them only in pedestrianised areas and characteristic streets.
Notes
Sources
Cibin, Ludovica, "Selciato Romano; il sampietrino" (Rome: Gangemi) 2005.
Sampietrini: una grana per Veltroni, il Giornale
Roma dice addio ai sampietrini asfalto anche nelle vie del centro, la Repubblica
Rinne, Katherine, "The Waters of Rome: Aqueducts, Fountains, and the Birth of the Baroque City," chapter 9 (New Haven: Yale) 2010.
Pavements
History of Rome
Sampietrini
Pallavaram Flyover is a rail over bridge with Roundabout interchange in NH 45 Grand Southern Trunk Road in Pallavaram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Pallavaram Flyover paved the way for Pallavaram - Thuraipakkam Radial Road. The Bridge is located over Ponds Company Signal in Pallavaram. The Flyover is constructed to connect Chennai Airport with Rajiv Gandhi Salai(OMR) and East Coast Road(ECR).
Reference
Road interchanges in India
Bridges and flyovers in Chennai
Histria Agata is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta, Malta.
History
Histria Agata was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2007 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description
The Histria Agata is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.
References
Ships built in Romania
2006 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
Francis Assisi Chullikatt JCD (b 20 March 1953) is an Indian-born prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been the Apostolic Nuncio to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro since 1 October 2022. He was the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the United Nations from 17 July 2010 until 1 July 2014. He previously served as Apostolic Nuncio to Iraq and Jordan, and to Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan from 30 April 2016 until 1 October 2022.
Early years
Chullikatt was born in 1953 in Bolghatty, Kochi, India. He was incardinated in the diocese of Verapoly where he was ordained a priest on 3 June 1978. He continued his studies and received a doctorate in canon law. He speaks English, Italian, French and Spanish. He entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 15 July 1988. He served in the papal representations in Honduras, in various countries of southern Africa, in the Philippines, at the United Nations in New York from 2000 to 2004, where he served as a Counsellor at the Holy See's Mission to the United Nations and, finally, in the Secretariat of State in the Vatican.
Nuncio to Iraq and Jordan
He was appointed as Apostolic Nuncio to Iraq and Jordan and Titular Archbishop of Ostra on 29 April 2006 by Pope Benedict, having served as the counsellor to the nunciature. He took Fidei in Virtute or "By the power of faith" as his episcopal motto.
In February 2010, Chullikatt said that Christians have often been targets, and especially the Christians of Mosul "have paid a high price, despite their unanimously recognized peaceful life." He continued saying "One has the impression that the reason to attack these minorities is strictly and only their religious faith or their different ethnic membership," the nunciature note continues. "Many Christians live in fear of staying in the territory which has seen them present for 2,000 years. The statement declares that "urgent help is needed: Especially necessary is that the pressure of world opinion not fall, so that all the violence and discrimination ends immediately." The statement suggests the future of minorities depends on international attention. "Moreover, it is hoped that the local authorities will not fail to attempt anything to guarantee the defenseless all the protection to which they are entitled, precisely in virtue of their Iraqi citizenship, which they have never betrayed," it continues. "Christians request that they be able to live their life in tranquility and profess their faith with total security, a basic condition of every civilization."
In March 2010 Chullikatt said that "any attempt to decrease the Christian presence or worse, to destroy the Christian presence in Iraq would mean destroying the history of the Iraqi nation." He noted that all the Christian churches and Christian leaders in the country are involved in interreligious dialogue and are in constant contact with Muslim leaders. Chullikatt said that international solidarity is crucial for the survival of Iraq's minorities, "especially the Christians who are most exposed to the kind of violence taking place now, particularly in Mosul."
In July 2011 in a speech in Kansas City on nuclear disarmament he said: "The simple truth about the use of nuclear weapons is that, being weapons of mass destruction, they cannot comply with fundamental rules of international humanitarian law forbidding the infliction of indiscriminate and disproportionate harm. Nor can their use meet the rigorous standards of the Just War principles' moral assessment of the use of force.... Viewed from a legal, political, security and most of all - moral - perspective, there is no justification for the continued maintenance of nuclear weapons."
Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the United Nations
Chullikatt was appointed as Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the United Nations by Pope Benedict XVI on 17 July 2010, the first non-Italian to hold the post. He was also named Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the Organization of American States.
In November 2012 Chullikatt welcomed the General Assembly vote which gave majority approval to Palestine becoming a Non-member Observer State of the United Nations. In January 2014 Chullikatt spoke before the United States House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights and International Organizations. In April Chullikatt praised the U.N.'s plan to eradicate poverty, emphasising the importance of the family in encouraging development and in fighting poverty. In eradicating poverty "we do not need to reinvent the wheel," Chullikatt said in a 31 March statement. "Setting a development agenda for the next 15 years is a powerful gesture of intergenerational solidarity. The future we want becomes, then, the future we want for our children and our children's children."
During his service as a permanent observer at the UN, several employees of the Holy See's mission at the UN reported him to the Vatican for underpayment and improper treatment, and only on March 11, 2019, appeared on the portal Crux Now a text titled "Former UN envoy's tenure described as ‘horror story' for staff". On 1 July 2014 Chullikatt resigned from his post at the UN without receiving another assignment. He spent a semester as a fellow at Harvard Divinity School.
Apostolic Nuncio to Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan
He was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Kazakhstan and Tajikistan in 30 April 2016. He was made Nuncio to Kyrgyzstan as well on 24 June 2016.
Apostolic Nuncio to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro
On 1 October 2022, Pope Francis appointed him as Apostolic Nuncio to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
Living people
1953 births
Indian Roman Catholics
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Roman Catholic titular archbishops
20th-century Roman Catholics
21st-century Roman Catholics
Permanent Observers of the Holy See to the United Nations
Permanent Observers of the Holy See to the Organization of American States
Apostolic Nuncios to Iraq
Apostolic Nuncios to Jordan
Apostolic Nuncios to Tajikistan
Apostolic Nuncios to Kyrgyzstan
Apostolic Nuncios to Kazakhstan
Christian clergy from Kochi
Changi Airport MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station serving Changi Airport and its supplementary structure Jewel in Changi, Singapore. It is the terminus of the Changi Airport branch of the East West line (EWL). The station is operated by SMRT Trains and is built in an east–west direction. The two ends of the station connects directly to Terminals 2 and 3 of Changi Airport.
While there were plans for a rail connection to the airport in the 1980s, plans were shelved due to the low viability of such a branch. With higher air traffic to Changi Airport and the proposal of a Terminal 3 in 1994, the rail link plan were revived. The current two-station branch line was finalised in 1996 and construction began in 1999.
The station opened on 8 February 2002, with passenger demand lower than expected. Nevertheless, it continues to provide an alternative transport option to the airport. Demand also improved when Terminal 3 opened in 2008. On 25 May 2019, it was announced that the station will be incorporated as part of the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL) as it extends to the airport's Terminal 5 by 2040.
History
Early plans
A branch to the airport was included in the early plans of the MRT network in May 1982. The branch was to be built when the rest of the MRT system was completed. In 1983, the Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) concluded through a feasibility study that there might not be sufficient passenger traffic to justify such a branch. As the MRT system was built below budget, plans for the connection were reviewed in 1984.
In 1985, the MRTC conducted a survey on transportation needs by airport workers in 1985, but concluded in January 1986 that the connection is unfeasible, with travellers preferring to commute to the airport by taxis. Communications Minister Yeo Ning Hong further explained that such an extension might be considered if there were development plans in the Changi area, otherwise the low demand might not meet operating costs. In 1991, he stated that such a connection would only be justified when 50 million passengers are using the airport annually, with projections that the airport would handle only about 34 million passengers annually at the beginning of the 20th century. The minister further stated that the airport was already well served by expressways with affordable taxi rates. Nevertheless, land needed for the possible route has already been reserved by the government.
Finalisation of rail connection
The proposal for the rail link to Changi Airport was revisited in August 1994, following a surge in airport usage that exceeded previous projections (10% compared to 6–7% annually). With plans for a new terminal to cater to the passenger growth, the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS) had urged the MRTC to reconsider the proposal for the rail link, as the new roads serving the new terminal might be insufficient. It was suggested for the new link to be built along with the new terminal. The airport link will branch off from the EWL at Tanah Merah station, although there were not yet plans for intermediate stops.
After another feasibility study by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in March 1996, finalised plans for the branch were announced by deputy prime minister Lee Hsien Loong on 15 November 1996. The branch, projected to be completed in 2001, will run from Tanah Merah station and have an intermediate stop at Somapah to serve the Changi Business Park and the exhibition centre. There were no plans to extend the branch towards the cargo and engineering complexes due to low demand in the area.
Construction and opening
Contract 504 for the construction of Changi Airport MRT station and its associated tunnels was awarded to a joint venture between Kumagai-Gumi Co and Sembawang Engineering and Construction in October 1998 at . The contract includes the construction of Changi Airport station and associated tunnels, a new baggage tunnel between Terminals 2 and 3 and a new vehicular underpass to serve Terminal 3. This project was a joint effort which combines Japanese technology and experience with local knowledge of subcontractor availability and supplier availability, due to the challenges of the construction of the station.
A groundbreaking ceremony was held on 29 January 1999. In the speech by then-communications minister Mah Bow Tan at the ceremony, he highlighted the challenges of the construction of the station, which would require close cooperation between various parties such as the Land Transport Authority (LTA), the CAAS and the contractors. For the construction of Changi Airport station, different methods of deep excavations using various ground support systems were adopted. The construction work involved the challenge of deep excavation works right next to nearby developments such as the existing Terminal 2 structures. In addition, close monitoring was needed for the construction of the tunnel leading to the station, which passes directly underneath the runway and airport terminal. During the construction, CPG Consultants, which was designing Terminal 3 at the time, provided 20 staff to complement the LTA team on the Changi Airport line extension.
As part of the President's Challenge 2001, a part of a charity walk goes through the tunnel between Expo and Changi Airport stations.
The station opened on 8 February 2002, with the official opening ceremony of the Changi Airport MRT extension held on 27 February 2002. Since the station's opening, passenger traffic has been moderate, as most bus routes were maintained and continue to be a popular means of cheap, direct transport for local airport/airline employees, as well as travellers not living along the East West line. Many air travellers also prefer to continue taking taxis or private transport as not all of the MRT services have luggage racks in the trains. However, taxi drivers claimed that the station has put them at a disadvantage, reporting a loss of 20 percent in earnings, with about 20,500 commuters using the station daily as of March 2002.
Incorporation into the TEL
In July 2016, then Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan announced the possibility of extending the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL) to Changi Airport, to provide a more direct connection from the airport to the city. The extension will open along with the future Terminal 5 of the airport. On 25 May 2019, the LTA further announced that the stretch between Tanah Merah and Changi Airport will be part of the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL) when it extends to Changi Airport from Sungei Bedok MRT station via Terminal 5 and will open on 2040.
Incidents
On 24 July 2002, a glass panel of the atria wall shattered. The area was quickly closed off for repairs but train services were not affected.
On 24 September 2003, a man died at the station, apparently having fallen five stories from the departure hall.
On 16 January 2020, rail operator SMRT reported a crack in the crossing at Changi Airport MRT Station during inspection works that morning. Trains had to be diverted to only one platform and travel at a slower speed as they approached the affected crossing. The fault was ratified and normal services resumed afterwards.
Station details
Services
Changi Airport station is served by the Changi Airport Branch of the EWL, which connects to the airport from Tanah Merah station as a shuttle service. The official station code is CG2, previously EW29. The next station towards Tanah Merah is Expo station. In 2040, the station will be served by the TEL when the line extends to the airport.
When the station first opened on 8 February 2002, the station was served by a through service from Boon Lay station to this station. However, due to low ridership, from 22 July 2003, this service reverted to a shuttle service, with trains from Changi Airport station terminating at Tanah Merah station instead. The first train from Changi Airport station departs at 5:31am on weekdays and Saturdays and 5:59am on Sundays instead, with the last train from the airport departing at 12:06am. From Tanah Merah station, the first train towards the station departs at 5:20am on weekdays and Saturdays and 5:47am on Sundays instead, with the last train towards the airport from Tanah Merah station departing at 11:50pm. Headways between trains varies from 7 to 13 minutes.
Design
The station is wide and long, and was constructed at a depth of . Designed by architectural firm Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, various features have been incorporated into the station design to enhance the commuting experience of airport travellers. The station has wider faregates for commuters with luggage. These faregates, located on the same level as the station, also allow easier access for wheelchair users into the station. Changi Airport station is one of the first MRT stations to be wheelchair-accessible, with lifts and ramps retrofitted for barrier-free access. A tactile system, consisting of tiles with rounded or elongated raised studs, guides visually impaired commuters through the station.
At the two entrances of the station are glass atrium walls supporting an illuminated linkbridge spanning over the island platform. The glass bridge allows unpaid transfer between the two terminals. At either end of the station is an atrium measuring approximately long by high. Australian engineering company Meinhardt Facades provided structural design engineering of the glazing system and the tensioned cable structure of the atria's walls, with engineering input by Ove Arup and Partners.
The atria are designed to allow maximum sunlight into the station, with minimal structures used to maintain the transparency of the atria. The roof is only supported at its northern and southern ends, with a massive beam (the spine) running between the north and south. This beam is supported by a staggered structure made of reinforced concrete at one end and an ‘A' frame column and stability truss at the other end. The facade panels are hung from vertical trusses at the end of each cantilever, with other cables (that runs diagonally and horizontally) supporting the panels.
The station design was awarded the 2004 American Architecture Award by the Chicago Athenaeum.
In 2011, the station was rated 10 out of 15 most beautiful subway stops in the world by BootsnAll.
References
External links
Official SMRT blogsite
HarbourFront to Changi Airport MRT station route
Changi
Airport railway stations
Railway stations opened in 2002
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
2002 establishments in Singapore
The 27th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1890 New Brunswick general election, the 27th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 27th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 7th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1970 New Brunswick general election, the 47th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 47th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 27th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Two-time defending champion Dylan Alcott defeated Andrew Lapthorne in the final, 6–2, 6–2 to win the quad singles wheelchair tennis title at the 2017 Australian Open.
Draw
Final
Round robin
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5. steering-committee decision.
References
Draw
Wheelchair Quad Singles
2017 Quad Singles
Dame Jessie Wilton Phipps ( Duncan; 9 February 1855 – 7 August 1934) was a British politician who served on London County Council.
Born at 1 Fifth Avenue in New York as Jessie Percy Butler Duncan, her parents were William Butler Duncan and Jane Sargent. In 1876, she married William Wilton Phipps, from Wiltshire in England and in 1880 the couple moved to the United Kingdom, settling in London the following year. There, she struck up a friendship with Maude Lawrence, and this led her to become the manager of several schools in Chelsea.
Phipps was elected to London County Council in 1907, as a Municipal Reform Party member, and in 1913 she became an alderman. From 1907, she served on the council's education committee, chairing it from 1923 to 1926, the first woman to do so. She served as vice-chair of the council in 1920/21, also the first woman to hold this post.
In 1926, Phipps was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire. She reduced her commitments on the council, and from 1926 to 1931 chaired the Central Council for the London Blind. This was inspired by her own failing eyesight, and by 1931 this increasingly poor sight led her to give up her work.
References
1855 births
1934 deaths
American emigrants to England
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Members of London County Council
People from New York City
Women councillors in England
Cecily Hill may refer to:
Cecily Hill, representative in the Georgia General Assembly, 2002
Lydia Cecilia Hill (1913–1940), British dancer, used stage name Cecily Hill
Dispersion stabilized molecules are molecules where the London Dispersion Force (LDF), a non-covalent attractive force between atoms and molecules, plays a significant role in promoting the molecule's stability. Distinct from steric hindrance, dispersion stabilization has only recently been considered in depth by organic and inorganic chemists after earlier gaining prominence in protein science and supramolecular chemistry. Although usually weaker than covalent bonding and other forms of non-covalent interactions like hydrogen bonding, dispersion forces are known to be a significant if not dominating stabilizing force in certain organic, inorganic, and main group molecules, stabilizing otherwise reactive moieties and exotic bonding.
Stabilization Through Dispersion
Dispersion interactions are a stabilizing force arising from quantum mechanical electron correlation. Although quantum mechanical in nature, the energy of dispersion interactions can be approximated classically, showing a R−6 dependence on the distance between two atoms. This distance dependence helps make dispersion interactions weak for individual atoms and has led to dispersion effects being historically neglected in molecular chemistry. However, in larger molecules dispersion effects can become significant. Dispersion forces in molecular chemistry are most apparent in molecules with large, bulky functional groups. Dispersion stabilization is often signified by atomic contacts below their van der Waals radii in a molecule's crystal structure. Especially for H•••H contacts between bulky, rigid, polarizable groups, short contacts may indicate that a dispersion force is overcoming the Pauli repulsion present between the two H atoms.
Dispersion forces stabilizing a reactive moiety within a molecule is distinct from using steric bulk to protect that reactive moiety. Adding "steric hindrance" to a molecule's reactive site through bulky groups is a common strategy in molecular chemistry to stabilize reactive moieties within a molecule. In this case bulky ligands like terphenyls, bulky alkoxides, aryl-substituted NHCs, etc. serve as a protective wrapper on the molecule. Under the steric hindrance model, the filled orbitals of a bulky group repel other molecules and/or functional groups through Pauli repulsion. These bulky groups inhibit the approach to a molecule's reactive site, kinetically stabilizing the molecule. By contrast dispersion stabilization occurs when these bulky ligands form energetically favorable non-covalent interactions. In molecules where dispersion forces are a dominant factor, the attractive interactions between bulky groups is greater than repulsive interactions between the groups, providing overall thermodynamic stability to the molecule. Although dispersion stabilization and steric hindrance are distinct, dispersion stabilized molecules frequently benefit from steric protection of the molecule's reactive moiety.
Molecular Dispersion in Computational Chemistry
Advances in quantum computational chemistry methods have allowed for faster theoretical examination of dispersion effects in molecular chemistry. Standard density functional theory (DFT) does not account well for dispersion effects, but corrections like the popular -D3 correction can be used with DFT to provide efficient dispersion energy corrections. The -D3 correction is a force field type correction that does not take into account electronic structure, but nonetheless the popular correction works with many functionals and produces values that often fall within 5-10% of more sophisticated calculations. The "gold standard" computational method are coupled-cluster methods like CCSD(T) that account for the electron correlation origin of dispersion interactions.
Richard Bader's theory of Atoms in Molecules (AIM) has also been invoked to computationally identify dispersion interactions. Bader proposed that a bond critical point, or a critical point in the electron density, between two electronically similar, closed-shell hydrogen atoms is evidence for a stabilizing dispersion interaction between those two atoms. Although there is controversy about accepting bond critical points as evidence for net attractive interactions, AIM analysis has been invoked by different research groups to show dispersion effects in a variety of molecules.
Alternative computational analysis methods include Yang's electron density based non-covalent interaction (NCI) analysis, and the local energy decomposition (LED) analysis to produce a dispersion interaction density (DID) plot.
Example Molecules
Organic Chemistry
Dispersion stabilization explains the reactivity patterns of bulky hydrocarbon radicals. •CPh3 radicals have been known since 1900. In the mid-1960s, the dimer form of the radical was observed, and instead of forming the expected Ph3CCPh3 product, the radical instead undergoes head to tail addition. By contrast, adding two tBu groups to the meta positions on the phenyl rings causes the radical to readily dimerize to (3,5-tBu2H3C6)3C–C(C6H3-3,5-tBu2)3. Initially this discovery puzzled researchers because •CPh3 head-to-tail addition seemed to suggest steric repulsion disfavored direct addition; however, the more sterically crowded molecule underwent head-to-head addition. More recently, computational analysis has shown the formation of the tBu substituted dimer to be stabilized through dispersion interactions. The study suggests that dispersion interactions between tBu groups provide ~60kcal/mol of stabilization to the molecule, enough to overcome the unfavorable steric interactions from the additional tBu groups. Further, the dimer contains a 1.67Å C-C single bond, much longer than the canonical 1.54Å C-C single bond. Despite the long C-C bond, the molecule remains stable at room temperature through dispersion based stability.
Beyond just the tBu substituted hexaphenylethane, Schriener and coworkers have synthesized new molecules with "dispersion energy donors" to form both long C-C bonds and short H•••H contacts. The effect of dispersion stabilization was further probed with a series of meta-substituted hexaphenylethane molecules substituted with Me, iPr, tBu, Cy, and adamantyl groups. Of these molecules, only the tBu and adamantyl analogs were observed to form the head-to-head dimer, showing the sensitivity of dispersion stabilization to rigid, polarizable substituents. Dispersion stabilization has additionally been used to stabilize intermolecular contacts. When the (3,5-tBu2H3C6)3CH molecule dimerizes to form [(3,5-tBu2H3C6)3CH]2, stabilizing interactions between tBu groups bring the central pair of hydrogens to a contact distance of 1.566Å as determined by neutron diffraction. This distance is well within the combined van der Waals radii of the two H atoms, and at the time was the shortest reported H•••H contact.Researchers have posited that the stability of the bulky hydrocarbon tetra(tert-butyl)tetrahedrane is in part from dispersion forces. Originally, the molecule's thermal stability in air up to 135 °C was attributed to the corset effect, wherein any stability gained by elongating a C-C bond to release ring strain would be countered by increased repulsion between the remaining tBu groups. Although the corset effect is the dominant force driving stability, this explanation has been recently supplemented with calculations that show the tBu groups provide 3.1 kcal/mol of stability to the molecule.
Inorganic Chemistry
Dispersion forces can stabilize reactive organometallic molecules by using bulky ligands in metal complexes. The first two-coordinate linear Cu(II) complex, Cu{N(SiMe3)Dipp}2 (Dipp = C6H5-2,6iPr2), was prepared by combining a 1:1 ratio of LiN(SiMe3)Dipp and CuCl. The mechanism of this reaction is unknown, but the net result is Cu disproportionation to form the Cu(II) complex and Cu metal. The authors suggest that a dispersion stabilization of about 25 kcal/mol from the bulky ligands assists in the initial disproportionation reaction and that this stabilization prevents crystals of the complex from decomposing via further disproportionation to DippN=NDipp, N-(SiMe3)2Dipp, and Cu metal. The complex's eclipsed ligand conformation further suggests that dispersion stabilizes the low coordinate complex.
Metal tetranorbornyls, M(nor)4 (1-nor = 4bicyclo[2.2.1]hept-1-yl, M = Fe,Co), benefit from stability imparted by dispersion. The compounds display high stability for a formally 4+ oxidation state metal center, which has traditionally been attributed to unfavorable β-elimination. Computational work has determined that the close norbornyl contacts are worth -45.9 kcal/mol of energy, providing significant stabilization to the molecule.
Main Group Chemistry
Researches have used dispersion stabilization to promote unusual main group bonding. Dispersion forces have been shown to stabilize a cyclic silylated plumbylene dimer, which shows different Pb-Pb bonding than in the parent parent diplumbene (Pb2H4). The crystal structure of the silylated plumbylene dimer has different geometries about each Pb atom, indicating that the molecule forms a singular donor-acceptor interaction. By contrast, the Pb atoms in Pb2H4 participate in a double donor-acceptor interaction giving the molecule a trans-bent strucutre. Computational investigations reveal that the silylated dimer has roughly twice the bond dissociation energy of parent diplumbene Pb2H4 despite the parent diplumbene having a higher Wiberg Bond Index. The authors suggest through DFT calculations that dispersion forces between bulky trimethylsilyl groups determine the dimer's conformation.Dispersion has been implicated in stabilizing a Ga-substituted doubly bonded dipnictenes of the form [L(X)Ga]2E2 where E = As, Sb, Bi and L = C[C(Me)N(2,6-iPr2-C6H3). Researchers synthesized the As version of the molecule and computationally analyzed the full series. By calculating the energy of the molecules with and without dispersion, it was determined that dispersion nearly doubles the dimer's enthalpic stabilization when formed from the monomer. In this case, dispersion couples with electronics to provide stability to the molecule.
The thermal stability of an extended Si-Si bond in tBu3SiSitBu3, or superdisilane, has also been attributed to dispersion interactions. Superdisilane has a Si-Si bond length of 2.697Å in the solid state, significantly extended compared to the gas phase Si-Si bond length of 2.331Å in the parent disilane H3SiSiH3. Despite the long bond length, superdisilane exhibits thermal stability up to 323K. Dispersion forces keep the molecule inert even while its core Si-Si bond lengthens. Similarly, the longest known Ge-Ge bond is found in tBu3GeGetBu3 and is also facilitated by dispersion stabilization.
Dispersion stabilization has also been invoked for (tBuC)3P, a main group analog of a hydrocarbon tetrahedrane. Monophosphatetrahedrane, (tBuC)3P, displays greater thermal stability than diphosphatetrahedrane, (tBuCP)2, which decomposes at just -32 °C. The additional stability has been attributed to dispersion interactions between the adjacent, bulky tBu groups. Through computational analysis, the authors identified 9 H-H interactions that each provide -0.7 kcal/mol of energy, overcoming the steric penalty of bringing the tBu groups together. Geometry optimizations with tBu groups swapped for less bulky hydrogens cause significant molecule shape change, indicating that dispersion plays a significant role in stabilizing the molecule's structure.
Applications
Dispersion stabilized molecules are an active area of research. Presently dispersion interactions have mostly been examined after the synthesis of molecules, but molecular design with dispersion effects in mind has generated some excitement for potential future applications. The dispersion interaction effect has been compared to the emerging work on frustrated Lewis pairs, and there is speculation that dispersion could be useful in future catalysis.
References
Wikipedia Student Program
Van der Waals molecules
Krivosheinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 13 as of 2002.
Geography
Krivosheinskaya is located 27 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Denisovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Julio Canessa (born 23 March 1958 in Uruguay) is a Uruguayan retired footballer.
Personal life
Canessa was married to Mexican singer Lupita D'Alessio from 1984 to 1985.
References
Uruguayan footballers
Living people
1958 births
Club León footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Prostitution in the Philippines is illegal, although somewhat tolerated, with law enforcement being rare with regards to sex workers. Penalties range up to life imprisonment for those involved in trafficking, which is covered by the Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act of 2003. Prostitution is available through bars, karaoke bars (also known as KTVs), massage parlors, brothels (also known as casa), street walkers, and escort services.
The "Young Adult Fertility and Sexuality Study" conducted in 2002 by the University of the Philippines' Population Institute and Demographic Research and Development Foundation found that 19% of young males had paid for sex and 11% had received payment for sexual favors.
In 2013, it was estimated that there were up to 500,000 prostitutes in the Philippines, from a population of roughly 97.5 million. Citing a 2005 study, Senator Pia S. Cayetano asserted in her “Anti-Prostitution Act” (Senate Bill No. 2341 s.2010), that the number of people being exploited in prostitution in the Philippines could be as high as 800,000. The bill was reintroduced in 2013 as Senate Bill No. 3382, and in 2015 as Senate Bill No. 2621.
Prostitution in various regions
Prostitution caters to both local customers and foreigners. Media attention tends to focus on those areas catering to sex tourism, primarily through bars staffed by bargirls. Cities where there is a high incidence of prostitution are Olongapo, Angeles City, Legazpi in Albay, Pasay and Subic Bay in Zambales, with the customers usually foreign businessmen from East Asian and Western nations.
Prostitution in Olongapo City and Angeles was highly prominent during the time of the U.S. military in Subic Bay Naval Base and Clark Air Base, respectively. When Mount Pinatubo, a volcano, erupted in 1991, it destroyed most of Clark Air Base and the United States closed it down in 1992.
Some of the associated prostitution trade closed with it, but when the mayor of Manila, Alfredo Lim, closed down the sex industry area of Ermita in Manila during his first term starting in 1992, many of the businesses moved to Angeles, finding a new customer base among sex tourists.
Other tourist areas such as Cebu have also developed a high-profile prostitution industry.
Reasons
There is no one single reason for the widespread prevalence of prostitution in the Philippines. Poverty is but one reason, as cultural factors and the attitude of people toward money and the social acceptance of prostitution play a major role.
Poverty
Per the Philippine Statistics Authority, in 2015 the Philippines had a poverty incidence of 26.3%. While this figure has been decreasing over the past few years, this still is one of the reasons why girls and their families turn to prostitution to enable the family to maintain a certain level of lifestyle. A large number of girls who come to Angeles City tend to be provincial, especially from Samar, Leyte and Visayas, having seen their friends live a better life because of their job in the prostitution industry.
U.S. Naval and Air Force bases
Clark Air Base was originally established as Fort Stotsenburg in 1898, after the Spanish–American War, renamed Clark field in 1928, and expanded into a major U.S. military installation during the Cold War. Prostitution flourished around the base during the Vietnam war. The U.S. Naval Base Subic Bay, a naval installation since Spanish colonial times, had also grown into a major facility by the 1970s; the main street of Olongapo City had no less than 30 girlie bars and the city acquired the pseudonym "Sin City".
The American authorities supported the testing of the prostitutes for STIs by the local health authorities. Without the licenses issued with these examinations, the prostitutes were prevented from working. Angeles and Olongapo health authorities passed on photographs of sex workers who had failed STI tests to the U.S. bases.
The closure of the U.S. bases in these two places did not change the scenario much—it only changed the clientele. Fields Avenue near Clark (Angeles) continued to grow as a center of the sex tourism industry, under the umbrella of "entertainment" and "hospitality industry". The girlie bars at Olongapo were closed down in a major drive by the then governor Jane Gordon; they merely shifted, however, to the neighbouring town of Barrio Baretto, which contains a series of at least 40 bars which act as prostitution centers.
Single mothers
Some women join the prostitution industry after they become single unwed mothers. The reasons for this vary—unpopularity of artificial contraception in the Philippines, inadequate sex education, delays in implementing birth control legislation and a machismo attitude among many Filipino males. More than half of the children born every year in the Philippines are illegitimate, and the percentage of illegitimate children is rising at the rate of nearly 2% annually.
Violence and coercion against prostitutes
Women and children involved in prostitution are vulnerable to rape, murder, and AIDS as well as other sexually transmitted diseases.
Surveys of women working as masseuses indicated that 34 percent of them explained their choice of work as necessary to support poor parents, 8% to support siblings, and 28% to support husbands or boyfriends. More than 20% said the job was well paid, but only 2% said it was easy work, and only 2% claimed to enjoy the work.
Over a third reported that they had been subject to violence or harassment, most commonly from the police, but also from city officials and gangsters.
According to a survey conducted by the International Labour Organization, prostitution is one of the most alienating forms of labor. Over 50% of the women surveyed in Philippine massage parlors said they carried out their work "with a heavy heart", and 20% said they were "conscience-stricken because they still considered sex with customers a sin". Interviews with Philippine bar girls revealed that more than half of them felt "nothing" when they had sex with a client, and the remainder said the transactions saddened them.
President Rodrigo Duterte's "war on drugs" since 2016 has been used by some members of the police to harass women in prostitution and extort money or sexual services from them.
Sex trafficking
The Philippines is a source country and, to a lesser extent, a destination and transit country for women and children subjected to sex trafficking. An estimated 10 million Filipinos reside or work abroad and the government processes approximately 2.3 million new or renewed contracts for Filipinos to work overseas each year. A significant number of these migrant workers are subjected to sex trafficking, particularly in the Middle East and Asia, but also in all other regions. Traffickers, typically in partnership with local networks and facilitators, engage in illegal recruitment practices that leave migrant workers vulnerable to trafficking, such as charging excessive fees, producing fraudulent travel and contract documents, and confiscating identity documents. Illegal recruiters use student, intern, exchange program, and tourist visas, as well as travel through other countries to circumvent the Philippine government and destination countries' legal frameworks for foreign workers. Traffickers also recruit Filipinos already working overseas through fraudulent offers of employment in another country.
Sex trafficking of women and children within the country remains a significant problem. Women and children from indigenous communities and remote areas of the Philippines are the most vulnerable to sex trafficking. Persons displaced due to the conflict in Mindanao, Filipinos returning from bordering countries without documents, and internally displaced persons in typhoon-affected communities are vulnerable to sex trafficking in Metro Manila, Metro Cebu, central and northern Luzon, and urban areas in Mindanao. Sex trafficking also occurs in tourist destinations, such as Boracay, Angeles City, Olongapo, Puerto Galera, and Surigao, where there is a high demand for commercial sex acts. Although the availability of child sex trafficking victims in commercial establishments declined in some urban areas, child sex trafficking remains a pervasive problem, typically abetted by taxi drivers who have knowledge of clandestine locations. In addition, young Filipino girls and boys are increasingly induced to perform sex acts for live internet broadcast to paying foreigners in other countries; this typically occurs in private residences or small internet cafes, and may be facilitated by victims' family members and neighbors. NGOs report high numbers of child sex tourists in the Philippines, many of whom are citizens of Australia, Japan, the United States, Canada, and countries in Europe; Filipino men also purchase commercial sex acts from child trafficking victims. Organized crime syndicates allegedly transport sex trafficking victims from China through the Philippines en route to other countries.
Officials, including those in diplomatic missions, law enforcement agencies, and other government entities, allegedly have been complicit in trafficking or allowed traffickers to operate with impunity. Reports in previous years asserted police conduct indiscriminate or fake raids on commercial sex establishments to extort money from managers, clients, and victims.
The United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons ranks the Philippines as a 'Tier 1' country.
See also
Commercial sexual exploitation of children
Prostitution in Japan
Prostitution in Thailand
Prostitution in India
Prostitution in Cambodia
Prostitution in Indonesia
References
External links
The Misnomer Sex Work and the Elusive Rights of "Sex Workers" under Philippine Laws, 2018 – covers the laws and their enforcement
Amar Bakshi's Washington Post article on a Filipino-American prostitute's daughter
Filipino women
Women in the Philippines
Youth in the Philippines
Karimabad (, also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the time of the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Verlan () is a type of argot in the French language, featuring inversion of syllables in a word, and is common in slang and youth language. It rests on a long French tradition of transposing syllables of individual words to create slang words. The word verlan itself is an example of verlan (making it an autological word). It is derived from inverting the sounds of the syllables in l'envers (, "the inverse", frequently used in the sense of "back-to-front").
Word formation
Words in verlan are formed by switching the order in which syllables from the original word are pronounced. For example, français becomes céfran .
Verlan generally retains the pronunciation of the original syllables. However, French words that end in a ⟨e⟩ muet (such as ) and words that end in a pronounced consonant (such as ) gain the sound once reversed. In addition, verlan often drops the final vowel sound after the word is inverted, so femme and flic become meuf ( – meufa in full form) and keuf ( – keufli in full form), respectively.
The study of written verlan is difficult as it is primarily passed down orally, without standardized spelling. While some still argue that the letters should be held over from the original word, in the case of verlan, most experts agree that words should be spelled as to best approximate pronunciation. For example, verlan is preferred to versl'en.
The French author Auguste Le Breton uses numerous examples of verlan, for instance in Du rififi chez les hommes.
Different rules apply for one-syllable words, and words with multiple syllables may be verlan-ised in more than one way. For example, cigarette may yield garetsi or retsiga.
Vocabulary
Some verlan words, such as meuf, have become so commonplace that they have been included in the Petit Larousse. The purpose of verlan is to create a somewhat secret language that only its speakers can understand. Words becoming mainstream is counterproductive. As a result, such newly common words are re-verlan-ised: reversed a second time .
Some verlan words, which are now well incorporated in common French language, have taken on their own significance, or at least certain connotations that have changed their meaning. For example, the word meuf, which can still be used to refer to any woman, also refers to the speaker's girlfriend, when used in the possessive form (ma meuf → my girl); while the original word femme would refer to the speaker's wife when used in the same way (ma femme → my wife). Such words retain a cultural significance from the time at which they appeared in common language. Widespread in the second half of the 20th century, beur and beurette (with feminine suffix) generally refers to the French-born sons and daughters of immigrants from northern Africa. The re-verlan-ised word rebeu is much more recent, and evolved to refer to Arabs but mainly French peoples of Arab descent, a skin color, or in expressions for stereotypes about them(thiefs,etc).
In theory, any word can be translated into verlan, but only a few expressions are used in everyday speech. Verbs translated into verlan cannot be conjugated easily. There is no such thing as a verlan grammar, so generally verbs are used in the infinitive, past participle or progressive form. For example:
J'étais en train de pécho une bebon ("I was hitting on a hot chick") is said, but not je pécho[ais].
Here are some examples of French words that have been verlanised and their English meanings:
Double verlan
Verlanising words often brings up words that are verlan of a verlan. This is sometimes called double verlan or veul. One can find the order of the consonants of the original word, but the vowels have been modified.
For example, meuf (verlan of femme) becomes feumeu. The verlan word beur, derived from arabe, has become accepted into popular culture such that it has been re-verlanised to yield rebeu.
Cultural significance
Verlan is less a language than a way to set apart certain words. Many verlan words refer either to sex or drugs, related to the original purpose of keeping communication secret from institutions of social control. Verlan is generally limited to one or two key words per sentence. Verlan words and expressions are mixed within a more general argotique language.
Verlan is used by people to mark their membership in, or exclusion from, a particular group (generally young people in the cities and banlieues, although some French upper-class youth have also started using it as their slang); it is a tool for marking and delineating group identity. Speakers rarely create a verlan word on the fly; rather, their ability to use and understand words from an accepted set of known verlan terms allows them to be identified as part of a verlan-speaking group. Lefkowitz claims that the best speakers of the language are often the worst students, those most needing to hide from authority.
Some verlan words have gained mainstream currency. Examples of verlan in cultural mainstream include the 1984 comedy Les Ripoux (My New Partner) (ripou is verlan for pourri, or rotten, and refers to a corrupt policeman); and the 1977 hit "Laisse béton" by singer Renaud (béton is verlan for tomber and the phrase means "drop it").
Verlan is popular as a form of expression in French hip-hop. Artists claim that it fits well with the musical medium because "form ranks way over substance".
The stage name of Belgian pop artist and songwriter Stromae (real name Paul Van Haver) is verlan for .
Voltaire, the nom-de-plume of François-Marie Arouet, is possibly a verlan word for Airvault.
See also
Back slang
Language game
Louchébem
Lunfardo, which has some reverse words
Pig Latin
Podaná
Rhyming slang
Šatrovački (in Serbo-Croatian)
Shelta
Totoiana (in Romanian)
Tougo (in Japanese)
Vesre (in Spanish)
References
External links
French slang
Language games
Cant languages
Hip hop terminology
The Braille pattern dots-13 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top and bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top and middle-bottom left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2805, and in Braille ASCII with "K".
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-13 is used to represent an unvoiced velar plosive, ie /k/.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-13 are Braille patterns 137, 138, and 1378, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 27, 127, 247, and 1247 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-13, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 013, 137, and 0137 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 27, 127, 247, or 1247
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-13 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 人
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + な/亻 = 意
- selector 4 + な/亻 = 台
- selector 4 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 臺
- selector 5 + な/亻 = 夾
- selector 6 + な/亻 = 竟
- な/亻 + selector 6 = 体
Compounds of 人
- い/糹/#2 + な/亻 = 伊
- た/⽥ + な/亻 = 佃
- し/巿 + な/亻 = 侍
- ね/示 + な/亻 = 依
- な/亻 + な/亻 = 僕
- に/氵 + な/亻 + な/亻 = 濮
- そ/馬 + な/亻 = 儀
- 比 + な/亻 = 入
- ひ/辶 + な/亻 = 込
- れ/口 + 比 + な/亻 = 叺
- つ/土 + 比 + な/亻 = 圦
- き/木 + 比 + な/亻 = 杁
- な/亻 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鳰
- れ/口 + な/亻 = 史
- そ/馬 + れ/口 + な/亻 = 駛
- 囗 + な/亻 = 囚
- に/氵 + 囗 + な/亻 = 泅
- 龸 + な/亻 = 夜
- に/氵 + な/亻 = 液
- て/扌 + 龸 + な/亻 = 掖
- ⺼ + 龸 + な/亻 = 腋
- ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 夷
- ふ/女 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 姨
- に/氵 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 洟
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 痍
- か/金 + ゆ/彳 + な/亻 = 銕
- す/発 + な/亻 = 臥
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 = 伺
- く/艹 + な/亻 = 荷
- 宿 + な/亻 = 褒
- 龸 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 襃
- も/門 + な/亻 = 閃
- な/亻 + つ/土 = 仕
- な/亻 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 佶
- な/亻 + つ/土 + 囗 = 僖
- な/亻 + ち/竹 = 他
- な/亻 + し/巿 = 付
- ち/竹 + な/亻 = 符
- な/亻 + よ/广 = 俯
- れ/口 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 咐
- つ/土 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 坿
- て/扌 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 拊
- き/木 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 柎
- く/艹 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 苻
- せ/食 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 鮒
- な/亻 + ん/止 = 仮
- な/亻 + さ/阝 = 仰
- な/亻 + 宿 = 仲
- な/亻 + そ/馬 = 件
- な/亻 + そ/馬 + selector 2 = 佯
- な/亻 + け/犬 = 伏
- 心 + な/亻 + け/犬 = 茯
- ね/示 + な/亻 + け/犬 = 袱
- な/亻 + き/木 = 休
- る/忄 + な/亻 + き/木 = 恷
- 火 + な/亻 + き/木 = 烋
- そ/馬 + な/亻 + き/木 = 貅
- せ/食 + な/亻 + き/木 = 鮴
- な/亻 + て/扌 = 伝
- な/亻 + も/門 = 似
- な/亻 + 日 = 但
- な/亻 + ま/石 = 位
- く/艹 + な/亻 + ま/石 = 莅
- な/亻 + ま/石 + り/分 = 僮
- な/亻 + へ/⺩ = 住
- な/亻 + か/金 = 何
- な/亻 + と/戸 = 併
- な/亻 + ぬ/力 = 例
- な/亻 + こ/子 = 供
- な/亻 + に/氵 = 価
- な/亻 + な/亻 + に/氵 = 價
- な/亻 + は/辶 = 侮
- な/亻 + ゐ/幺 = 係
- な/亻 + み/耳 = 促
- な/亻 + む/車 = 俊
- な/亻 + た/⽥ = 俗
- な/亻 + れ/口 = 保
- つ/土 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 堡
- く/艹 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 葆
- ね/示 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 褓
- な/亻 + え/訁 = 信
- な/亻 + う/宀/#3 = 修
- く/艹 + な/亻 + う/宀/#3 = 蓚
- な/亻 + 火 = 俳
- な/亻 + 囗 = 個
- な/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 倒
- な/亻 + や/疒 = 候
- な/亻 + ね/示 = 借
- な/亻 + め/目 = 値
- な/亻 + る/忄 = 倫
- な/亻 + い/糹/#2 = 偉
- な/亻 + ふ/女 = 健
- な/亻 + く/艹 = 偶
- な/亻 + ほ/方 = 傍
- な/亻 + ひ/辶 = 備
- る/忄 + な/亻 + ひ/辶 = 憊
- な/亻 + を/貝 = 債
- な/亻 + お/頁 = 傾
- な/亻 + り/分 = 働
- な/亻 + な/亻 = 僕
- な/亻 + ろ/十 = 僚
- な/亻 + の/禾 = 儒
- な/亻 + な/亻 + ん/止 = 假
- な/亻 + な/亻 + て/扌 = 傳
- な/亻 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 什
- な/亻 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 仂
- な/亻 + 宿 + と/戸 = 仆
- な/亻 + selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 仍
- な/亻 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 从
- な/亻 + 比 + 火 = 仗
- な/亻 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 仞
- な/亻 + 数 + せ/食 = 仟
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 价
- な/亻 + 宿 + 宿 = 伉
- な/亻 + 数 + ら/月 = 伍
- な/亻 + 宿 + は/辶 = 伎
- な/亻 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 估
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 伶
- な/亻 + 比 + 数 = 佑
- な/亻 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 佚
- な/亻 + も/門 + selector 5 = 佝
- な/亻 + む/車 + し/巿 = 佩
- な/亻 + 数 + め/目 = 佰
- な/亻 + 数 + 宿 = 佻
- な/亻 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 佼
- な/亻 + れ/口 + う/宀/#3 = 侃
- な/亻 + ほ/方 + ほ/方 = 侈
- な/亻 + selector 5 + か/金 = 侏
- な/亻 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 侑
- な/亻 + 宿 + な/亻 = 侠
- な/亻 + 宿 + な/亻 = 侠
- な/亻 + ふ/女 + 火 = 侭
- な/亻 + 囗 + selector 1 = 俄
- な/亻 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 俎
- な/亻 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 俐
- な/亻 + め/目 + 宿 = 俔
- な/亻 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 俘
- な/亻 + 比 + り/分 = 俚
- な/亻 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 俛
- な/亻 + selector 6 + む/車 = 俟
- な/亻 + selector 1 + け/犬 = 俣
- な/亻 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 俤
- な/亻 + 宿 + む/車 = 俥
- な/亻 + う/宀/#3 + ゑ/訁 = 俶
- な/亻 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 俸
- な/亻 + た/⽥ + さ/阝 = 俾
- な/亻 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 倆
- な/亻 + 龸 + け/犬 = 倏
- な/亻 + 宿 + も/門 = 們
- な/亻 + と/戸 + へ/⺩ = 倔
- な/亻 + つ/土 + か/金 = 倖
- な/亻 + け/犬 + か/金 = 倚
- な/亻 + り/分 + 日 = 倡
- な/亻 + う/宀/#3 + き/木 = 倥
- な/亻 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 倦
- な/亻 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 倨
- な/亻 + し/巿 + せ/食 = 倩
- な/亻 + こ/子 + 宿 = 倪
- な/亻 + 日 + と/戸 = 倬
- な/亻 + の/禾 + ふ/女 = 倭
- な/亻 + を/貝 + selector 5 = 倶
- な/亻 + 龸 + も/門 = 偃
- な/亻 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 偈
- な/亻 + よ/广 + う/宀/#3 = 偐
- な/亻 + 比 + 日 = 偕
- な/亻 + と/戸 + 日 = 偖
- な/亻 + れ/口 + 氷/氵 = 做
- な/亻 + 宿 + こ/子 = 偬
- な/亻 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 偸
- な/亻 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 傀
- な/亻 + 宿 + て/扌 = 傅
- な/亻 + よ/广 + 囗 = 傭
- な/亻 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 傲
- な/亻 + 宿 + る/忄 = 僂
- な/亻 + 日 + け/犬 = 僣
- な/亻 + 宿 + つ/土 = 僥
- な/亻 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 僵
- な/亻 + 宿 + ま/石 = 僻
- な/亻 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 儁
- な/亻 + た/⽥ + ろ/十 = 儂
- な/亻 + へ/⺩ + し/巿 = 儔
- な/亻 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 儕
- な/亻 + す/発 + ⺼ = 儖
- な/亻 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 儚
- な/亻 + た/⽥ + た/⽥ = 儡
- な/亻 + 囗 + 比 = 儷
- な/亻 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 儺
- な/亻 + 龸 + 宿 = 儻
- な/亻 + よ/广 + 氷/氵 = 儼
Compounds of 意
- 数 + な/亻 = 億
- れ/口 + selector 1 + な/亻 = 噫
- 心 + selector 1 + な/亻 = 檍
Compounds of 台 and 臺
- ふ/女 + な/亻 = 始
- ほ/方 + な/亻 = 殆
- 氷/氵 + な/亻 = 治
- ⺼ + な/亻 = 胎
- 心 + な/亻 = 苔
- む/車 + な/亻 = 颱
- せ/食 + な/亻 = 飴
- な/亻 + 心 = 怠
- る/忄 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 怡
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 笞
- い/糹/#2 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 紿
- え/訁 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 詒
- を/貝 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 貽
- そ/馬 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 駘
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 抬
- く/艹 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 薹
- て/扌 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 擡
Compounds of 夾
- け/犬 + な/亻 = 狭
- け/犬 + け/犬 + な/亻 = 狹
- や/疒 + な/亻 = 峡
- や/疒 + や/疒 + な/亻 = 峽
- お/頁 + な/亻 = 頬
- て/扌 + selector 5 + な/亻 = 挾
- ち/竹 + selector 5 + な/亻 = 筴
- に/氵 + 宿 + な/亻 = 浹
- な/亻 + 宿 + め/目 = 爽
- ち/竹 + 宿 + な/亻 = 篋
- く/艹 + 宿 + な/亻 = 莢
- て/扌 + 宿 + な/亻 = 挟
- さ/阝 + 宿 + な/亻 = 陜
- さ/阝 + 龸 + な/亻 = 陝
- か/金 + 宿 + な/亻 = 鋏
Compounds of 竟
- つ/土 + な/亻 = 境
- る/忄 + な/亻 = 憶
- ら/月 + な/亻 = 臆
- か/金 + な/亻 = 鏡
Other compounds
- う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 宅
- 龸 + う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 亳
- な/亻 + う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 侘
- れ/口 + う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 咤
- え/訁 + な/亻 = 託
- ゑ/訁 + な/亻 = 詫
- き/木 + な/亻 = 来
- き/木 + き/木 + な/亻 = 來
- ゆ/彳 + き/木 + な/亻 = 徠
- る/忄 + き/木 + な/亻 = 憖
- 心 + き/木 + な/亻 = 莱
- を/貝 + き/木 + な/亻 = 賚
- り/分 + な/亻 = 傘
- な/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 倅
- よ/广 + な/亻 = 座
- く/艹 + よ/广 + な/亻 = 蓙
- な/亻 + 囗 + れ/口 = 嗇
- 日 + な/亻 = 更
- ま/石 + な/亻 = 硬
- 仁/亻 + な/亻 = 便
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + な/亻 = 鞭
- れ/口 + 日 + な/亻 = 哽
- や/疒 + 日 + な/亻 = 峺
- 心 + 日 + な/亻 = 梗
- の/禾 + 日 + な/亻 = 粳
- な/亻 + せ/食 + い/糹/#2 = 甦
- て/扌 + な/亻 = 撲
- き/木 + 宿 + な/亻 = 樸
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + な/亻 = 璞
- み/耳 + 宿 + な/亻 = 蹼
- な/亻 + な/亻 + selector 6 = 體
- 心 + 宿 + な/亻 = 梛
- の/禾 + 比 + な/亻 = 糴
- え/訁 + き/木 + な/亻 = 誄
- な/亻 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 那
- な/亻 + 宿 + せ/食 = 雁
Notes
Braille patterns
Henry Farmer Dobyns, Jr. (July 3, 1925 – June 21, 2009) was an anthropologist, author and researcher specializing in the ethnohistory and demography of native peoples in the American hemisphere. He is most well known for his groundbreaking demographic research on the size of indigenous American populations before the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1492.
Early life and education
Dobyns was born in Tucson, Arizona on July 3, 1925 to Henry F. and Susie Kell Dobyns, and spent his childhood in Casa Grande, Arizona. He graduated from Casa Grande Union High School and then immediately entered the U.S. Army in 1943. Following his service, he attended the University of Arizona where he received a B.A. in Anthropology in 1949 as well as a M.A. in Anthropology in 1956.
Dobyns received his Doctorate degree in Anthropology from Cornell University in 1960.
Career
Dobyns worked with Native American tribes on land claims and water rights case while he was a graduate student at the University of Arizona in 1952. He continued this work over the next 50 years with various tribes. From 1952 to 1956, he gathered ethnohistorical and archaeological evidence for the Hualapai Tribal Nation's land claims case and acted as an expert witness before the U.S. Supreme Court with much of the information in his M.A. thesis being used in the Indian Claims Commission hearings. He also spent three decades working as a consultant for the Gila River Indian Community in their litigation over water rights.
He joined the Cornell Peru Project in 1960 after earning his Ph.D. There he worked as a research coordinator from 1960 to 1962, and as a Peace Corps coordinator from 1962 to 1964, and coordinator of the Comparative Studies of Cultural Change program. He was also the Coordinator of the Andean Indian Community Research and Development project from 1963 to 1966, and the Associate Director of the Cornell Peru Project. Dobyns was made Director of the project in 1966 after the death of the former director, Allan R. Holmberg.
Teaching
From 1949 to 1952 he was an instructor at Cornell University's Field Laboratory in Applied Anthropology in Arizona and New Mexico.
In 1966 Dobyns became the Chairman of the Department of Anthropology at the University of Kentucky. In 1970, he joined the staff of Prescott College, Center of Man and Environment as a professor and later as the Vice-president for Academic Affairs. Between 1977 and 1979 he taught at the University of Florida, Gainesville. Dobyns taught at the University of Wisconsin–Parkside from 1974 to 1977 and also 1983 through 1984. In 1983 he directed seminars on Native American Historical Demography, funded by the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH). He was a professor at the University of Oklahoma in 1989.
Dobyns also worked as a senior researcher at the Bureau of Applied Research in Anthropology at the University of Arizona and on projects for the National Park Service. Between 1980 and the early 1990s, he returned to the Newberry Library each summer to contribute to the NEH Summer Institute in Native American Literature.
Awards and accolades
Dobyns has been awarded numerous fellowships in support of his research, including:
The National Science Foundation fellowship from 1956 to 1957
The Social Science Research Council fellowship in 1959
The National Endowment for the Humanities fellowship for research at the Newberry Library in Chicago
Dobyns won the Bronislaw Malinowski Award from the Society for Applied Anthropology in 1951 for his article "Blunders with Bolsas." He was a lifetime member of the Arizona Historical Society.
Personal life
In 1948 Dobyns married Zipporah Pottenger with whom he had four children; Rique, Bill, Maritha and Mark. He married his second wife, anthropologist Dr. Cara Richards in 1958 and had one child, York Dobyns. In 1968 he married his third wife, Mary Faith Patterson.
Dobyns died June 21, 2009.
Selected works
Dobyns began his extensive publishing career while he was a graduate student.
Papagos in the Cotton Fields (1951)
Tubac Through Four Centuries: A Historical Resume and Analysis (1959)
Estimating Aboriginal American Population: An Appraisal of Techniques with a New Hemispheric Estimate (1966)
The Ghost Dance of 1889 among the Pai Indians of Northwestern Arizona (1967)
Spanish Colonial Tucson: A Demographic History (1976)
Indians of the Southwest: A Critical Bibliography (1980)
From Fire to Flood: Historic Human Destruction of Sonoran Desert Riverine (1981)
Their Number Become Thinned (1983)
From 1971 to 1976 Dobyns edited the Indian Tribal Series, a 40 volume series of tribal history and culture of which Dobyns wrote six volumes.
References
External links
Guide to the Henry F. Dobyns Papers
Tubac Through Four Centuries: A Historical Resume and Analysis
Writers from Tucson, Arizona
1925 births
2009 deaths
American anthropologists
University of Kentucky faculty
Cornell University alumni
University of Arizona alumni
Place of death missing
20th-century anthropologists
Damien Bodie (born 2 January 1985) is an Australian television actor from Melbourne. Bodie began his career securing roles in children's television roles such as his three-year stint as Ram Foley in Crash Zone. He later secured the regular role of Dylan Timmins in the soap opera Neighbours. In 2011, he took the role of Jonathan Kurtiss in the drama series Winners & Losers and remained until 2014.
Career
Bodie was educated at Sandringham Secondary College. Bodie first appeared on television aged seven. He also appeared in the 2005 Australian film Hating Alison Ashley and as Josh in the 2002 Canadian-Australian television series Guinevere Jones. Bodie also appeared in The Saddle Club.
In 1999, he began appearing as Ram Foley in the children's series Crash Zone. In 2002, he played Oscar Coxon in the children's series Short Cuts, which aired on the Seven Network. He has also secured guest roles in Ocean Girl, Blue Heelers and City Homicide.
Damien Bodie had previously made two appearances in the soap opera Neighbours as Charlie Moyes in 1996 and Liam Rigby in 1999, before securing the regular role of Dylan Timmins in 2005.
In 2008, Bodie portrayed Vashan in the Australian children's television series The Elephant Princess. In July 2010, Bodie joined the cast of Seven Networks new drama series in the Australian drama series, Winners & Losers, playing Jonathan Kurtiss. Bodie had previously worked with Winners and Losers producer Maryanne Carroll on the show Short Cuts. Carroll remembered his performance and helped him secure the role.
On 24 November 2019, Neighbours confirmed that Bodie had reprised the role of Dylan for the show's 35th anniversary in March 2020.
Bodie is currently living in Los Angeles.
Filmography
References
External links
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian male child actors
1985 births
Living people
Kenneth O. Preston (born February 18, 1957) is a retired United States Army soldier who served as the Sergeant Major of the Army. He was sworn in as the 13th Sergeant Major of the Army on January 15, 2004. Preston served 7 years and 2 months as Sergeant Major of the Army (January 2004-March 2011) making him the longest serving Sergeant Major of the Army to date.
Early life and education
Preston is a native of Mount Savage, Maryland, and entered the United States Army on June 30, 1975. He attended Basic Training in A Company, 11th Training Battalion, 5th Training Brigade, Fort Knox, Kentucky and Armor Advanced Individual Training in D Company, 3rd Training Battalion, 1st Training Brigade Fort Knox, Kentucky, graduating in October 1975.
Military career
Throughout his 36-year career, Preston served in every enlisted leadership position from cavalry scout and tank commander to his position as Sergeant Major of the Army. Other assignments he held as a command sergeant major were 3rd Battalion, 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, Texas, 3rd "Grey Wolf" Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, 1st Armored Division in Bad Kreuznach, Germany, and V Corps in Heidelberg, Germany. Immediately prior to his appointment as Sergeant Major of the Army, he was the command sergeant major of Combined Joint Task Force 7 serving in Baghdad, Iraq.
As Sergeant Major of the Army, Preston served as the personal adviser to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army on all soldier-related matters, particularly in all areas affecting soldier manning, equipping, training, education and quality of life. These areas included growing an all-volunteer force across all three components of the army by 100,000 during a time of war; fielding individual combat uniforms, body armor, weapons and up-armored vehicles; training leaders and their units for deployment in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq; transitioning the noncommissioned officer education system at all levels to support an Army at war; advocated for dwell time between deployments and co-signed the Army Family Covenant with the Secretary of the Army and Chief of Staff of the Army. He was routinely invited to testify before US Congress.
Preston's military education includes the Basic Noncommissioned Officer's Course, Advanced Noncommissioned Officer's Course, First Sergeant's Course, M1/M1A1 Tank Master Gunner Course, Master Fitness Trainer Course, Battle Staff Noncommissioned Officer's Course, and the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy. His civilian education includes an Associate of Arts degree in vocational education and instruction from the University of Louisville and both a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration and a Master of Business Administration degree from Trident University International.
Post-military career
Since August 2011, Preston has volunteered as the co-chair of the Chief of Staff of the Army's Retired Soldier Counsel. The 14-member counsel works with the Army staff, supporting agencies and subject-matter experts to review all recommendations and issues submitted from the field impacting retired soldiers and surviving spouses from the Army. The counsel prepares a final report with all recommendations for the Chief of Staff of the Army.
Preston also volunteers as a member the Board of Directors for Homes for Our Troops since October 2011. Home for Our Troops is a nonprofit organization with the mission to build and donate specially adapted homes to severely wounded veterans at no cost. Severely wounded veterans in need of a specially adapted home as qualified by the VA predominantly spend all or part of their daily life in a wheelchair. Many of these veterans are young with young children. A specially adapted home allows the veteran total access to all rooms in the home to including a child's nursery, use of all kitchen and laundry facilities and garage to support their reintegration back into their family and their community.
Preston has served as the Vice President of noncommissioned officer and soldier programs at the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) since May 2013. AUSA is the Army's professional educational association and serves as a voice for the Army and support for the soldier.
Awards and decorations
References
External links
US Army Site
SMA tours Iraq with message of Transformation
Sergeants Major of the Army. CMH Pub. 70-63-1. By CSM Daniel K. Elder, et al. Describes the origin and growth of the Office of the Sergeant Major of the Army. Includes biographies of each of the Sergeants Major of the Army.
Tank personnel
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
People from Mount Savage, Maryland
1957 births
Living people
Sergeants Major of the Army
University of Louisville alumni
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Military personnel from Maryland
A whipping boy was a boy educated alongside a prince (or boy monarch) in early modern Europe, who supposedly received corporal punishment for the prince's transgressions in his presence. The prince was not punished himself because his royal status exceeded that of his tutor; seeing a friend punished would provide an equivalent motivation not to repeat the offence. An archaic proverb which captures a similar idea is "to beat a dog before a lion." Whipping was a common punishment of tutors at that time. There is little contemporary evidence for the existence of whipping boys, and evidence that some princes were indeed whipped by their tutors, although Nicholas Orme suggests that nobles might have been beaten less often than other pupils. Some historians regard whipping boys as entirely mythical; others suggest they applied only in the case of a boy king, protected by divine right, and not to mere princes.
In Renaissance humanism, Erasmus' treatises "The Education of a Christian Prince" (1516) and "Declamatio de pueris statim ac liberaliter instituendis" (1530) mention the inappropriateness of physical chastisement of princes, but do not mention proxy punishment. Hartley Coleridge wrote in 1852, "to be flogged by proxy was the exclusive privilege of royal blood. ... It was much coveted for the children of the poorer gentry, as the first step in the ladder of preferment." John Gough Nichols wrote in 1857, "the whole matter is somewhat legendary, and though certain vicarious or rather minatory punishments may have been occasionally adopted, it does not seem likely that any one individual among the King's schoolfellows should have been uniformly selected, whether he is in fault or not, as the victim or scape-goat of the royal misdemeanours".
In current English, a "whipping boy" is a metaphor which may have a similar meaning to scapegoat, fall guy, or sacrificial lamb; alternatively it may mean a perennial loser, a victim of group bullying or someone who is unfairly blamed for the actions of others.
Putative historical examples
Young royals alleged to have had whipping boys include:
Conrad, King of Jerusalem and later of Italy (1228–1254) had twelve companions beaten in his stead by his tutors, according to the (c.1300), so that "King Conrad took great heed not to act wrongly, for pity of them". Alessandro d'Ancona sees an antecedent of the Conrad novella in Phaedrus' fable "The Bullock and the Old Ox".
Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset (1519–1536), whose tutor Richard Croke complained in 1527 that Richmond's usher, George Cotton, was undermining Croke's authority; among the charges were withdrawing "those boys whose punishment it was necessary to deter his princely pupil from the repetition of his faults", and claiming it was unseemly for Croke to whip them in Richmond's presence.
Edward VI of England (1537–1553) to whose court Barnaby Fitzpatrick, later 2nd Baron Upper Ossory (c.1535–1581) was sent as a hostage by his father the 1st baron. Thomas Fuller's Church-History of Britain (1655) calls Fitzpatrick Edward's "proxy for correction". John Guy calls this a myth, since their tutor Richard Cox wrote of beating Edward with his staff. Konrad Heresbach in De Educandis Erudiendisque Principum Liberis (1592) recounted that he was told in London in 1547 that, when the young king uttered profanities learnt from an (unnamed) playmate, the friend was whipped in his presence and Edward warned that he deserved similar punishment.
The future Frederick IV of Liegnitz (1552–1596), for whom (1552–1616) was described in 1856 as the by Gustav Freytag, popularising the concept in Germany. Freytag's claim is not supported by other accounts of Schweinichen.
The future Charles I of England (1600–1649), to whom William Murray, later 1st Earl of Dysart (c.1600–1655) was "page and whipping–boy" according to Gilbert Burnet's History of my own time (1723). William's uncle Thomas Murray tutored both boys. As king, Charles appointed William Groom of the Bedchamber.
The young Louis XV of France (1710–1774) was supplied by his governess Madame de Ventadour with playmates of his own age, including a Versailles cobbler's son nicknamed ("the hussar") from a costume he wore. Marie, marquise du Deffand wrote in 1769 that this boy would be punished in the king's stead, whence the victim of any bully was colloquially called their hussard. in 1825 called the method "strange", "rather barbarous", and "iniquitous", and said Louis continued to neglect his studies regardless.
Spanish royal princes had Francisco Alfonso de la Torre, an illegitimate son of Manuel Godoy, as proxy to receive "either slaps or the whip", according to the 1898 memoirs of François Certain de Canrobert, who served in the French Army under de la Torre in 1842 in Algeria and ascribed his irascibility to this education.
Chinese imperial princes of the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912) had banner attendants denoted by the Manchu term (Chinese transcription ); at first this meant youths educated alongside the prince, and later his special "reading partner" and bodyguard. These were influential in the Kangxi reign (1661–1722) but subsequently lost status. In 1876, the North-China Herald commented on the announcement in the Peking Gazette of the start of the education of the five-year-old Guangxu Emperor: "The next appointment to be made (though not gazetted) will probably be that of the child who, according to the Manchu Imperial custom, shares his Majesty's studies under the name of , in the capacity of a or "whipping-boy." Whenever the Son of Heaven is naughty or inattentive, the is beaten or disgraced".
An adult example often included in discussions of whipping boys is provided by the French Catholic prelates Arnaud d'Ossat (1537–1604) and Jacques Davy Duperron (1556–1618), who were symbolically whipped by Pope Clement VIII in 1593 in proxy expiation on behalf of Henry IV of France (1553–1610), who had renounced Protestantism.
In later literature
Samuel Rowley's 1604 play When You See Me You Know Me depicts the childhood of the future Edward VI. When he skips class to play tennis, Edward "Ned" Browne is sent to the chapel to be whipped by the master of children. Cranmer says, "Since he was whipped thus for the prince's faults. / His grace hath got more knowledge in a month. / Than he attained in a year before, / For still the fearful boy, to save his breech, / Doth hourly haunt him, wheresoe'er he goes." The prince persuades king Henry VIII to knight Ned: "the poor gentleman was pitifully wounded in the back parts, as may appear by the scar, if his knightship would but untruss there". Ned hopes the tutors will refrain from whipping a knight, to which the fool retorts, "If they do, he shall make thee a lord, and then they dare not." This work may have helped the idea of a whipping boy to take root.
John Donne alluded to proxy whipping in a sermon he preached in 1628: "Sometimes, when the children of great persons offend at school, another person is whipped for them, and that affects them, and works upon a good nature; but if that person should take physic for them in a sickness, it would do them no good: God's corrections upon others may work by way of example upon thee; but because thou art sick for physic, take it thyself." The earliest attestation of the word "whipping boy" in the Oxford English Dictionary is from a 1647 Bible commentary by John Trapp on : "Those Presbyters that sin publikely ... and those who were convicted by two or three witnesses ...: Rebuke before all, yet not as if they were whipping boyes".
In Book V of Gil Blas (1715) by Alain-René Lesage, when the Marquis of Leganez forbids his son's tutors from beating him, Don Raphael is flogged in his stead: "a most ingenious device, by which to keep this troublesome young lordling in awe, without trenching on his foolish father's injunctions". The Fortunes of Nigel (1822) by Walter Scott describes Malagrowther, the fictional whipping boy of the young James VI of Scotland (later also James I of England): "Under the stern rule, indeed, of George Buchanan, who did not approve of the vicarious mode of punishment, James bore the penance of his own faults, and Mungo Malagrowther enjoyed a sinecure; but James's other pedagogue, Master Patrick Young, went more ceremoniously to work, and appalled the very soul of the youthful King by the floggings which he bestowed on the whipping-boy, when the royal task was not suitably performed." In Mark Twain's 1881 novel, The Prince and the Pauper, the pauper's masquerade as Edward VI is aided by information from the prince's whipping boy, son and namesake of the late Sir Humphrey Marlow, a "Head Lieutenant" in Henry VIII's Household. Twain wrote, "James I. and Charles II. had whipping-boys, when they were little fellows, to take their punishment for them when they fell short in their lessons; so I have ventured to furnish my small prince with one, for my own purposes."
The Whipping Boy by Sid Fleischman, which won the 1987 Newbery Medal for children's books, tells of the brattish Prince Horace who learns humility on an adventure with his whipping boy, a rat-catcher named Jemmy. In George R. R. Martin's fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire, published from 1991, the characters Tommen Baratheon and Joffrey Baratheon have a whipping boy named Pate. In David Belbin's 2002 children's novel Boy King, Barnaby FitzPatrick is whipped by John Cheke for teaching Edward VI swear-words; when Edward protests that nobody has whipping boys any more, Cheke says "the Duke of Richmond had one". Cheke relents from giving FitzPatrick the whipping owed to Edward. Sarah Ruhl's 2016 play "Scenes from Court Life, or The Whipping Boy and His Prince" includes whipping boys in its depictions of Charles I and Charles II of England.
Modern slavery
Some accounts of modern slavery include instances of slaves punished for the offences of a master's child. In 19th-century southern China, among slave boys as study companions to candidates for the imperial examinations, one example was noted by James L. Watson. In Alex Tizon's 2017 nonfiction essay "My Family's Slave", the author's mother recounts a 1940s incident in which, caught in a lie, she made Lola, the titular servant, receive the punishment of 12 lashes of her father's belt. Biram Dah Abeid has alleged that slaves in Mauritania are used as or whipping boys.
See also
Fall guy
Scapegoat
References
Sources
Citations
External links
Metaphors referring to people
Royal households
Obsolete occupations
School punishments
Whipping
History of education
Historical controversies
Bullying
Fahrenzhausen is a municipality located on the river Amper in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. The town is about 30 Kilometers north of Munich.
Geography
Fahrenzhausen has several villages in its community: Appercha, Bachenhausen, Bergfeld, Grosseisenbach, Grossnöbach, Jarzt, Kammerberg, Lauterbach, Unterbruck, Viehbach and Weng.
The areas around Fahrenzhausen consists of small rivers, creeks, marshland, forests and farmlands. The area is home to a variety of rare animal and plant species.
History
There is archeological evidence that the area was inhabited as far back as the Bronze Age.
A Roman outpost was excavated as a station maintaining a section of the Roman Road from Augsburg to Regensburg just south of the modern community.
The village was first mentioned by name in 1020 AD under the name "Varnolveshusa", (perhaps a certain "Farnolf" or "Varnolf" was the founder of the settlement). It was mentioned again in 1280 during the Wittelsbach Dynasty with the name 'Vornolzhusn'. A local Catholic church was first mentioned in 1315.
Fahrenzhausen and the surrounding villages were most likely affected during the Thirty Years War, particularly during the Swedish march to Munich in 1632, or even the French attack in the Freising and Dachau area in 1648.
Fahrenzhausen became an independent political municipality during the Administrative Reforms in Bavaria in 1818.
Near the end of the Second World War, units of the U.S. Army passed through Fahrenzhausen and the surrounding areas in late April 1945, shortly before the liberation of Dachau and Munich.
During the Bavarian municipal reforms of 1972, several communities were added to Fahrenzhausen.
The celebrations for the 1000th anniversary of the founding of Fahrenzhausen in 2020 were largely canceled due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
Population
Between 1988 and 2018 the community grew from 3,166 to 5,041 inhabitants or by 59.2%.
Businesses and Services
Fahrenzhausen has several manufacturing companies including various small businesses and shops, mostly along its main road, (B-13). Most notable and oldest is the Andreas Karl Company, since 1935, (designing and building industrial and scientific workstations).
There are several significant buildings under historical/cultural protection, many of them old churches. Also included is the Wirtshaus in Fahrenzhausen, as well as the Gasthaus and the manor house (Schloss) in Kammerberg.
The Mayor (Bürgermeister) of Fahrenzhausen is Heinrich Stadlbauer of the Free Citizens Party (Freien Bürgerliste) since 2014.
Note: on June 1, 2022 Mayor Stadlbauer died of cancer. Andreas Karl is temporary Mayor of Fahrenzhausen. Elections for a new Mayor will take place on September 25, 2022.
Fahrenzhausen has two sports clubs: FC Ampertal Unterbruck, and Spielvereinigung Kammerberg.
Literature
Hans Schertl, "Kirchen und Kapellen im Dachauer Land (German)"
References
Freising (district)
Gimme Indie Rock is a 7" EP by Sebadoh, released in 1991. First pressing comes on clear vinyl and black vinyl. Later reissued on translucent green vinyl and on marbled gray vinyl. The EP was included in its entirety on the reissued version of Sebadoh III.
Track listing
"Gimme Indie Rock" - 3:23
"Ride The Darker Wave" - 1:42
"Red Riding Good" - 1:53
"New King" - 2:27
"Calling Yog Soggoth" - 2:59
References
External links
Gimme Indie Rock! at Discogs.com
1991 EPs
Sebadoh EPs
Homestead Records EPs
Harry Towb (27 July 1925 – 24 July 2009) was an actor from Northern Ireland.
Early life and career
Towb was born in Larne, County Antrim, to a Russian-Jewish father and an Irish-Jewish mother; he once claimed he was the only Jew ever born in Larne. After his parents divorced, he moved with his mother and sister to north Belfast, where he attended the Finiston School and Technical College. He enlisted in the British Army during World War II and managed a military canteen, but was discharged once it emerged that he had lied about his age. He then appeared on stage with a touring theatre company in Ireland, in repertory theatre in England and in London's West End, where he had a role in the musical adaptation of Bar Mitzvah Boy. He also appeared in A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum at the National Theatre in 2004.
He made numerous appearances on UK television including popular UK TV series Callan, the Ronald Howard led Sherlock Holmes, The Avengers, Home James!, Casualty, The Bill, Minder, Doctor Who, The Saint, and Heartbeat. His film appearances include Above Us the Waves (1955), The Blue Max (1966), Prudence and the Pill (1968), Patton (1970) and Lamb (1985). In 1959 he appeared in a radio episode of Hancock's Half Hour, "Fred's Pie Stall". In December 2008, Towb appeared in two episodes of the BBC soap opera EastEnders as David, Janine Butcher's fiancé. He also appeared on the long-running BBC music hall show, The Good Old Days.
Harry Towb was also a regular presenter on the BBC Schools' programme You and Me featuring with Cosmo and Dibs. In the late 1970s, Towb appeared in a series of TV commercials advertising Younger's Tartan Special beer, which were shown on very heavy rotation in Scotland.
He appeared in the 1983 London production of the hit stage musical Little Shop of Horrors, starring the original American lead Ellen Greene, based on Roger Corman's low-budget horror movie.
Personal life
Harry Towb was married to the actress Diana Hoddinott, with whom he had three children. He died at his home in London from complications due to cancer. As his obituary in The Times said, "Asked, once, why he had become an actor, Harry Towb said it was because he had always wanted to be someone else." His "being fascinated by others... made him one of the finest character actors of his day", The Times continued. Towb, said one critic, "can be relied upon to add distinction to any production". Towb continued to identify with his Jewish background, and in 1983 recorded a documentary, Odd Men In, about Belfast's Jewish community. He would describe his interview with Belfast-born Chaim Herzog for this documentary as his proudest moment.
Selected filmography
The Quiet Woman (1951) – Jim Cranshaw
Gift Horse (1952) – Minor Role (uncredited)
13 East Street (1952) – Ray
Escape Route (1952) – Immigration Officer (uncredited)
Escape by Night (1953) – Reporter (uncredited)
Knave of Hearts (1954) – Stewart (uncredited)
John Wesley (1954) – Michael O'Rory
The Sleeping Tiger (1954) – Harry, second criminal
A Prize of Gold (1955) – Benny
Above Us the Waves (1955) – McCleery
The Time of His Life (1955) – Steele
Doublecross (1956) – Publican
The March Hare (1956) – P.C. Dooney (uncredited)
Eyewitness (1956) – Sugdon
Circus Friends (1956) – Larry
Stranger in Town (1957) – Café Attendant
The End of the Line (1957) – Vince
Murder at Site 3 (1958) – Kenney
Dial 999 (TV Series, 'Rolling Racketeers', episode) - Harry
The 39 Steps (1959) – Harold (uncredited)
Crossroads to Crime (1960) – Paddy
All Night Long (1962) – Phales
The Scarlet Blade (1963) – Cobb (uncredited)
The Blue Max (1966) – Kettering
30 Is a Dangerous Age, Cynthia (1968) – Mr. Woolley
Prudence and the Pill (1968) – Racetrack Official
The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom (1968) – Doctor
All Neat in Black Stockings (1968) – Issur
The Mind of Mr. J.G. Reeder, (Tv. episode) - (1969–1971) – Lew Kassio
Patton (1970) – American GI Cook (uncredited)
Carry On at Your Convenience (1971) – Doctor in Film
Some Kind of Hero (1972) – Mannie Greenbaum
Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World (1973) – Ringmaster
The Girl from Petrovka (1974) – American Reporter
The Bunny Caper (aka Sex Play) (1974) – Four Star General
Barry Lyndon (1975) – Innkeeper
Rosie Dixon – Night Nurse (1978) – Mr. Phillips
Lassiter (1984) – Roger Boardman
Lamb (1985) – Priest
Stowaways on the Ark (1988) – Noah
Moll Flanders (1996) – Magistrate
The Most Fertile Man in Ireland (2000) – Uncle Eugene
Conspiracy of Silence (2003) – Father Doherty
Cheeky (2003) – Mr. Oates
References
External links
National Theatre
Harry Towb Obituary in The Guardian
1925 births
2009 deaths
20th-century male actors from Northern Ireland
21st-century male actors from Northern Ireland
Male film actors from Northern Ireland
People from Northern Ireland of Russian-Jewish descent
Jews from Northern Ireland
British Army personnel of World War II
Jewish British male actors
Male musical theatre actors from Northern Ireland
Male stage actors from Northern Ireland
People from Larne
Male television actors from Northern Ireland
20th-century male singers from Northern Ireland
Voynyagovo () is a village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Karlovo Municipality, Plovdiv Province. As of 2008, it has a population of 1,260. The village lies in the Sredna Gora mountains, above sea level.
History
Legend has it that the founder of the village was the boyar Voyneg, who gathered the huts scattered along Sredna Gora in a village. The village in the time of the Second Bulgarian Kingdom had the status of a military settlement. By 1829 part of the population of Voynyagovo emigrated with the Russian troops of Gen. Dibic-Zabalkanski during their withdrawal in Bessarabia, in the villages of Kamber and Baskoy (now Romania). Revolutionary and national hero Vasil Levski was a teacher in the village, and a Vasil Levski Culture Centre was established in 1900.
Religion
There is a Church of Saint Dimitar, an Orthodox church, in the village.
References
Villages in Plovdiv Province
Karlovo
Vanevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 20 as of 2002.
Geography
Vanevskaya is located 46 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shelovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Roy James Carver (December 15, 1909June 7, 1981) was an American industrialist and philanthropist. Carver started the Carver Pump Factory with his brother and then later owned the company Bandag, which gained the 909th spot on Fortune top 1,000 companies. He donated to multiple Iowa causes. He started the Roy J. Carver Charitable Trust, which provided millions of dollars to the University of Iowa, Augustana College, and St. Ambrose University.
Personal life and career
Carver was born on December 15, 1909, to James and Laura Carver in Preemption, Illinois. In 1927, he completed high school in Moline, Illinois. After earning a BS degree in engineering from the University of Illinois in 1934, Carver became state engineer for Illinois. In 1938, during the Great Depression, Carver and his brother Ralph started the Carver Pump Company in Matherville, Illinois. The company created self-priming pumps, and it soon supplied the United States and Allied Forces navies during World War II. Due to the need for a larger facility, the company was moved to an abandoned sauerkraut factory in Muscatine, Iowa. Carver also lived in Muscatine, and shortly after moving there he married Lucille Young in 1942. The two of them had four children.
Carver bought the North American rights to a manufacturing process for tires created by Bernard Anton Nowak as a part of Bandage, Inc. The process "cures or vulcanizes rubber tires at lower temperatures than other retreading processes". After Nowak died in 1961, Carver bought the worldwide rights to the process and gained full ownership of Bandag. Bandag became one of the top American corporations in the early 1970s. In 1973, the company's sales earned the 909th spot on Fortune top 1,000 companies. During the late 1970s, Carver created more than 850 dealership franchises in more than 50 countries.
In 1954, Carver flew alone across the Atlantic Ocean from Newfoundland to Paris in a one-engine Beechcraft Bonanza. He made only one stop during the plane trip. Starting in 1972 after divorcing his wife, Carver spent most of his time at his Miami home. He also bought a villa in Cannes, a 25,000-acre ranch in Central America, two yachts, multiple airplanes, and many expensive cars.
Philanthropy and death
Carver primarily donated money to people in Iowa, and it was noted in the Muscatine Journal that "he took great pleasure in helping others". He also contributed financially to Richard Nixon presidential campaign and to Augustana College. In 1971, Carver donated shares of Bandag stock valued at $3.5 million to the University of Iowa, which was the university's largest donation at the time. The first donation to the University of Iowa was one of several. He started the Roy J. Carver Charitable Trust, which provided millions of dollars to the University of Iowa, Augustana College, and St. Ambrose University. He founded the Roy Carver Memorial Pavilion, a treatment center at the University of Iowa Hospitals, and the Carver Wing of the Museum of Art. He died of a heart attack on June 7, 1981, at 71 years of age in Marbella, Spain.
References
1909 births
1981 deaths
People from Mercer County, Illinois
Engineers from Illinois
Philanthropists from Illinois
American industrialists
20th-century American philanthropists
20th-century American businesspeople
Muster may refer to:
Military terminology
Muster (military), a process or event for the accounting for members in a military unit
Muster list, list of the functions for team members
A mustering, in military terminology, is a specialised formation, similar to an administrative corps
People
Bill Muster (1926–1989), photographer, publisher, and marketing executive in Los Angeles
Brad Muster (born 1965), former American football fullback
Miki Muster (1925–2018), Slovenian cartoonist and animator
Peter Muster (born 1952), Swiss sprinter
Thomas Muster (born 1967), former World Number 1 tennis player
Places
Mustér, the Romansh name for the municipality of Disentis, Switzerland
Other uses
Muster drill, also known as a lifeboat drill
Muster (livestock), the rounding-up of livestock
Muster (grape), another name for the Italian wine grape Avarengo
Muster (event), a competitive skills event held between fire departments
Muster (census), an official population count, conducted by a government
Muster (Texas A&M University), a tradition at Texas A&M University in the US.
Ute muster, an auto show
See also
Must (disambiguation)
Musters, a surname (with a list of people of this name)
The Raleigh Chopper is a children's bicycle, a wheelie bike, manufactured and marketed in the 1970s by the Raleigh Bicycle Company of Nottingham, England. Its unique design became a cultural icon and is fondly remembered by many who grew up in that period. The design was influenced by dragsters, "chopped" motorcycles, beach buggys, and even chariots, as can be seen on the centre page of the 1969 Raleigh US catalogue.
Design
The Raleigh Chopper's design has been subject of debate but only since the early 2000's, with claims by Alan Oakley (1927-2012) chief designer for Raleigh and then more than 30 yrs later, from Tom Karen of OGLE Design.
Alan Oakley's archive was sold in 2018 (Mellor & Kirk Auctioneers, Nottingham, August 2018) and reveals valuable insight into this debate that until 2018 had not been seen in public. The archive reveals that the Design Council did not consult Raleigh before citing Tom Karen as designer of the Chopper and the Design Museum merely acknowledge Karen as the designer of the 'product'. The Oakley archive contains an account from the then Managing Director and Chairman of Raleigh that reveals the reasoning for Raleigh sending their chief designer to America for a three week fact-finding mission, it describes the trip, the 'envelope sketch' and the months following the trip. It describes the market's need for the Chopper and the strategy for going to market.
Alan Oakley conceived the idea behind the Chopper on the return flight from his 1967 fact-finding mission. Raleigh then approached OGLE Design to develop the concept and design the 'product', Raleigh then took this product to market. All patents and intellectual properties are owned by The Raleigh Bicycle Company.
The Chopper was designed in response to the Schwinn Sting-Ray, and an earlier attempt, called the Rodeo, which was not commercially successful. The popularity of the Chopper also led to a range of smaller bikes following a similar design theme. These included the Raleigh Chipper, Tomahawk and Budgie models, aimed at younger riders.
History
Mk 1
The Chopper's patent was applied for in the US in 1967. The Chopper was introduced at American trade shows in January 1969 but it was not until April 1969 when Raleigh Choppers were available for public to purchase. The bike featured a choice of a single-speed coaster hub, or a 3-speed or 5-speed Sturmey Archer gear hub, selected using a frame-mounted console gear lever. Other features that appealed to the youth market were the unusual frame, long padded high-back seat, sprung seat at the back, high-rise (ape hanger) handlebars, 'bobbed' mudguards (fenders) and differently sized wheels: front and rear. The rear hoop above the seat resembled a dragster anti roll bar "sissy bar". Even the kickstand was designed to give the stationary bicycle a lean reminiscent of a parked motorcycle. Tyres were wider than usual for the time, with a chunky tread on the rear wheel, featuring a red line around the sidewall.
In 1969 the Raleigh Chopper was launched in the UK market this was a triple launch for Raleigh, with the Chopper branded as THE HoT oNE, alongside the Moulton Mk3 (The Smooth One), and the RSW Mk3 (The Dolly One). The Chopper bike was sold as a "must have" item and signifier of "coolness" for many children at the time.
Mk 2
The Mk 2 ("Mark 2") Chopper was an improved version sold from 1972. It had the rarely-purchased option of five-speed derailleur gears, and the gear lever shifter changed from a knob to a T-bar-style shifter. (The early 1969 'Tall frame' model already sported the T-bar style, albeit in black with the elliptical window within the shifter cover.) The frame was subtly revised, and the seat moved forward, to help prevent the front of the bicycle tipping up. A small rear rack was added. The handlebars were welded to the stem to stop children from inclining the "ape hanger" bars backward, thereby rendering the bicycle almost unsteerable. A drop-handlebar version, the Sprint, was also produced, this differed from the standard Mk 2, as it had a slightly taller frame. The Chopper Mk 2 remained in production until 1980, by which time the BMX craze had taken over its market. However, the Chopper almost single-handedly rescued Raleigh, which had been in decline during the 1960s, selling millions worldwide.
Handling and safety
The original Chopper is fondly remembered, though it was not without problems: It was less stable than a conventional bicycle and trickier to ride. The Chopper was not suitable for cycling long distances as it was slow and heavy, the wide tyres creating significant rolling resistance. At moderate speeds it suffered speed wobbles. After several reported accidents, it was attacked in the press as a dangerous toy. The long seat lent itself to giving lifts to others, and accidents were not uncommon. It could perform involuntary wheelies readily, again a frequent cause of accidents. The position of the gear lever could also contribute to injuries sustained in a crash - especially on the Mk I because the gear knob could easily be removed and lost, turning the gear lever into a metal spike.
Original models
UK market
MK1 - available only as a 3 speed model, Brilliant Orange, Golden Yellow, Flamboyant Green, Targa Mustard (HBR model), and Horizon Blue.
Sprint GT - available in either Bronze or Flamboyant Green.
MK2 - standard 3 speed models available in Infra Red, Ultra Violet, Fizzy Lemon, Quick Silver, Space Blue, and Jet Black (Prismatic decal model).
MK2 - Pink 5 Speed (Derailleur), Mk2 Lime Green 5 Speed(Derailleur).
MK2 - SE with cast alloy mags to commemorate 750,000 choppers
North American market
The North American market had a much wider spectrum of models and colours available. In 1971 there was a ban on tall sissy bars so the chopper was only sold with a low back rest. A summary of US models:
MK1 1969 'Tall Frames'; available as a single speed coaster (SC), 3 speed (AW - three speed and TCW - three speed coaster), and 5 speed (S5 - 3+2).
MK1 1970-1972 available as a single speed coaster (SC), 3 speed (AW - three speed and TCW/S3C - three speed coasters) 5 speed (S5 - 3+2) 5 speed and 10 speed (derallieur). The single and three speed models were also available as a Girl's model without crossbar.
MK2 available as a 3 speed (AW) and 5 speed (S5 - 3+2).
Canada
The Raleigh Chopper was also sold through Eaton's in Canada, badged as Gliders, and sold as the Fastback 100, Fastback XT101, SS357, ULT, Princess and MACH-2 models.
Worldwide sales
Raleigh sold the Chopper to many countries worldwide. In some countries Raleigh chose to sell Choppers with alternative brands. These included BSA, Hercules, Humber, Malvern Star, Phillips, Robin Hood, Rudge and Speedwell Fireballs.
Imitators
The success of the Chopper led to similarly styled imitators, such as the Pavemaster Trusty Tracker, Triang Dragster, Dawes Zipper, Panther and Vindec High Riser in the UK as well as the very close copy of an Mk 2 named "Cincoa" and in more recent years the Ground Cruiser which was sold in the UK at the same time as the release of the MK 3.
Revival: Marks 3, 4 & 5
After being out of production for almost 25 years, a new version of the Chopper, the Mk3, was launched in February 2004. It was available at first in red, then purple. The Mk3, in deference to modern safety concerns, adopted a more conventional saddle design to discourage "backies", and dropped the groin-catching gear lever in favour of handlebar mounted gear controls; to commemorate this former feature the Mk3 had a sticker where the lever once was located. Rather than steel, the frame was made from aluminium alloy tubing to make the bicycle lighter. The wheels were still 20 inches at the back and 16 at the front. The Mk3 remained in production until 2009 when it was replaced by the slightly changed Mk4 model. The Mk5, which ceased production in summer 2018, included many editions such as the Beano, the JPS, the Hot One and the Mod. A 6-speed Shimano derailleur replaced the 3-speed Sturmey Archer hub.
See also
Chopper bicycle
Outline of cycling
Raleigh Bicycle Company
Schwinn Bicycle Company
References
External links
The Chopper Club
Raleigh Chopper Fan Group
Cycle types
Chopper
Maralinga to Emu Road is a remote unsealed outback track that links Maralinga to Emu in the western region of South Australia. It was built by Len Beadell for the Weapons Research Establishment of Salisbury, South Australia in 1955.
Background
Following two successful atomic bomb tests at Emu in October 1953, a new site with better access for men and equipment was needed. Beadell had selected and surveyed the sites for Woomera and Emu, so he was asked once again to locate a more suitable site for further nuclear tests. He carried out a solo reconnaissance in the southern Great Victoria Desert, locating a suitable site north north-east of Watson siding on the Trans-Australian Railway. Beadell spent most of 1954 and the first half of 1955 carrying out survey work for the establishment of the township of what was to become Maralinga.
When the work was completed, it was necessary to link the old bomb testing field and the new one by road, so Beadell carried out a survey north to Emu in early August 1955, naming Observatory Hill on the way. Once back at Maralinga, he assembled a team with a bulldozer and grader and they began building a road to Emu, beginning on 19 August 1955. The team was later dubbed the Gunbarrel Road Construction Party by Beadell as a joke, but the name stuck and passed into folklore. When the road was within of Emu, the bulldozer was recalled to Maralinga. Another had been left at Emu following the bomb test two years earlier, so it was obtained to complete the road to Emu which occurred on 17 September 1955.
Footnote
After construction of a road from Mabel Creek to Emu in early 1953 (see Anne Beadell Highway), this road was effectively the second road built by Beadell. He had, however, bulldozed a track from the centreline of the firing range to intercept the Mabel Creek to Emu road in late 1953. The builder of the section from Watson siding to Maralinga is not documented in references used, and is additional to the length built by Beadell.
See also
Anne Beadell Highway
British nuclear tests at Maralinga
Maralinga Tjarutja
Vokes Hill Corner to Cook Road
References
Roads built by Len Beadell
Australian outback tracks
Roads in South Australia
The 25th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1882 New Brunswick general election, the 25th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 25th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 5th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1963 New Brunswick general election, the 45th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 45th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 25th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Written in Blood is the debut album by Darkness Divided, released on August 19, 2014, through Victory Records. The album contains 11 tracks, three of which are instrumental.
Track listing
Personnel
Darkness Divided
Gerard Mora – lead unclean vocals
Christopher Mora – lead guitar, backing unclean vocals
Sebastian Elizondo – rhythm guitar, clean vocals
Joseph Mora – bass guitar
Israel Hernandez – drums
Cory Brunnenman – additional vocals, additional song arrangement, guitar, and bass writing performance
Production
Cory Brunnemann – producer, mixer, engineer
Alan Douches – master
Ali-Lander Shindler – art direction
Sam Kaufman – artwork
References
2014 debut albums
Darkness Divided albums
Victory Records albums
"Don't Break My Heart" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, which features a rap and background vocals by Tom Beser. It was Jackson's last single of the 1990s.
The 5" maxi single features seven mixes and a special German message from Jackson.
Jackson, having recently divorced, stepped out of the project before the release, and Beser promoted the record on German TV show Arabella with an impersonator. Jackson returned to U.S. charts with the 2004 hit "Just Wanna Dance".
Track listings
5" Maxi CD (DE #ISSM 57209)
Radio Dance Mix (4:07)
Ultimative Dance Mix (4:50)
Ballad Mix (3:35)
Unplugged Mix (3:20)
Slow Mix (3:56)
Maharaja Club Mix (5:26)
Extended Fox Mix (5:27)
La Toya's Personal Message (0:28)
References
1998 singles
La Toya Jackson songs
Eurodance songs
Male–female vocal duets
1998 songs
Ottenhofen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
José de Grimaldo y Gutiérrez de Solórzano, 1st Marquess of Grimaldo (1660–1733) was a Spanish statesman.
Early life
Grimaldo was born in Madrid in 1660 to a wealthy family who had gained experience serving in the administration of the colonies of the Spanish Empire. In 1683 he was admitted into the Order of Santiago as a gesture to his parentage, but while he began to be acknowledged as a rising politician he failed to gain any serious appointment in government until the 1690s when the old dynasty died out.
War of the Spanish Succession
Grimaldo became a follower of the politician Jean Orry who had arrived in Madrid in 1695. Grimaldo was found a position in the Ministry of War and Finance. He continued in this position throughout the War of the Spanish Succession.
Chief Minister
First Spell
Grimaldo became Secretary of State for the first time in 1714. It was a turbulent era for Spain, as they had been forced to accept the loss of huge amounts of territory (particularly to Austria in Italy, as well as losing Minorca and Gibraltar to Britain). Grimaldo helped to re-assert Spain, rebuilding its shattered army and navy.
Second Spell and Retirement
When the King briefly stepped down in 1724, often attributed to a fit of madness or a desire to be considered a claimant to the French throne, Grimaldo left office with him. When the King returned after only a year Grimaldo came with him, but was now increasingly in bad health and he was forced to retire from government. In 1733 he was made a Marquess, and died the same year at the age of seventy three.
See also
List of prime ministers of Spain
References
1660 births
1733 deaths
Spanish untitled nobility
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Prime Ministers of Spain
4-Thiouridine is an atypical nucleotide formed with the 4-thiouracil base found in transfer RNA (tRNA). Its biosynthesis has been determined.
References
Nucleosides
Pyrimidines
Hydroxymethyl compounds
Licurici is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Frumușei, Licurici, Negreni and Totea.
Natives
Dumitru Burlan
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
The first Davao Occidental local elections were held on May 9, 2016 as part of the 2016 general election. Voters selected candidates for all local positions: a town mayor, vice mayor and town councilors, as well as members of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan, the governor, vice-governor, and representative for the Lone District of Davao Occidental.
Background
The province of Davao Occidental held elections for the first time since its creation, and the key positions available were sought by members of just one family: the Bautistas.
Davao del Sur Governor Claude Bautista has two brothers, Franklin and Benjamin, Jr. "Joseph", and a sister, Lorna Bautista Bandigan. All of them ran for positions in the province unopposed.
Franklin is congressman of the 2nd district of Davao del Sur, while Joseph is on his last term as mayor of Malita town in Davao Occidental. On October 12, Lorna Bautista-Bandigan filed her certificate of candidacy for the lone congressional district of Davao Occidental. Bradley Bautista, son of Davao del Sur congressman Franklin, filed for mayor of Malita town, Davao Occidental, seeking to succeed his uncle. Joseph Bautista ran for vice mayor of Davao Occidental.
Results
Governor
Vice-Governor
Representative
Sangguniang Panlalawigan elections
1st Provincial District
|-
|colspan=5 bgcolor=black|
2nd Provincial District
|-
|colspan=5 bgcolor=black|
Mayoral elections
Don Marcelino
John Johnson is term-limited and he is running for Vice Mayor. Michael Maruya is running in his place.
Michael Maruya is term-limited and he is running for Mayor. John Johnson is running in his place.
Jose Abad Santos
James Joyce is the incumbent.
Ester Sioco is the incumbent.
Malita
Joseph Bautista is term limited and he is running for Vice Mayor. His nephew, incumbent Vice Mayor Bradley, is running unopposed.
Bradley Bautista is term limited and he is running for Mayor. His uncle, incumbent Mayor Joseph, is running unopposed.
Santa Maria
Rudy Mariscal, Sr. is the incumbent.
George Mariscal is the incumbent.
Sarangani
Virginia Cawa is the incumbent.
Jerry Cawa is the incumbent.
References
External links
Precinct Results and Canvassing Results for the 2016 National and Local Elections
2016 Philippine local elections
Meinersen is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated between the rivers Oker and Aller, approx. 12 km west of Gifhorn, and 25 km southeast of Celle. The Municipality Meinersen includes the villages of Ahnsen, Böckelse, Hardesse, Höfen, Hünenberg, Meinersen, Ohof, Päse, Seershausen, Siedersdamm and Warmse.
Meinersen is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde Meinersen ("collective municipality"), which consists of the following municipalities:
Hillerse
Leiferde
Meinersen
Müden (Aller)
References
Gifhorn (district)
Fine Sani Vea (born 19 November 1959) is a Tongan boxer. He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics, losing his first bout to Georgică Donici of Romania. Sani won a gold medal in the light heavyweight division at the 1982 Commonwealth Games while representing Fiji despite not having Fijian citizenship.
Honours
National honours
Order of Queen Sālote Tupou III, Member (31 July 2008).
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Light-heavyweight boxers
Fijian male boxers
Tongan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Tonga
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Fiji
Boxers at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Place of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Order of Queen Sālote Tupou III
Narendranath Mitra (30 January 1916 – 14 September 1975) was an Indian writer and poet, best known for his short stories in the Bengali-language. Several of his works have been adapted into films, such as Mahanagar directed by Satyajit Ray.
Biography
Narendransth Mitra was born in Sadardi village, Faridpur, Bengal Presidency (in modern-day Bangladesh). His father was a lawyer's clerk. His mother died when he was very young and he was brought up by his stepmother. He was based in Kolkata, now in India at the time of partition in 1947, and chose to remain in India when his birthplace fell to the share of East Pakistan.
In 1933, he passed S. S. C. Level from Vanga High School obtaining first division marks. After doing his I. A. from Rajendra College, Faridpur, he went to Calcutta for further studies. He completed his B. A. from Bangabasi College, of the University of Calcutta.
He found employment at the Dum Dum ordnance factory in Kolkata during the Second World War. After that, he joined Kolkata National Bank. Later, his family was living in Kolkata.
He was a journalist, editor; worked for 'Krishok', 'Swaraj' 'Satyajug'. From 1951 until his death in 1975, he was with Anandabazar Patrika.
Works adaptations
His story Abataranika was adapted into Mahanagar (The Big City) by Satyajit Ray in 1964, with Madhabi Mukherjee as lead. Ras(রস) was adapted into the Hindi film, Saudagar (1973), by Sudhendu Roy, starring Amitabh Bachchan and Nutan; and a Bangladeshi film Poush Maser Pirit by Nargis Akhter, starring Ahmed Rubel and Sadika Parvin Popy. In 1970, Bengali film Bilambita Lay and in 1975 Palanka were released based on his short story. 1988 Bengali film, Phera by Buddhadeb Dasgupta, was also adapted from his story.
Bibliography
Deeppunjo
Osomotol
Holde Bari
Dehomon
Durvashini
Rupmonjori
Ultoroth
Sukh Dukher Dheu
Suklapakhya
Chenamahal
Chorai Utrai
Okhore Okhore
Jatrapath
Misrarag
Headmaster
Mohanagar
Chilekotha
Shandhyarag
Surjasakkhi
Sreshtha Golpo
Tin Din Tin Ratri
Suryasakshi
Godhuli
Chhatri
Debjan
Bilambitalay
References
External links
Narendranath Mitra at the West Bengal Public Library Network
Bengali-language writers
Bengali male poets
Bengali-language poets
1916 births
1975 deaths
People from Faridpur District
Bangabasi College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Writers from Kolkata
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian poets
Poets from West Bengal
20th-century Indian male writers
Union College is a private Seventh-day Adventist college in Lincoln, Nebraska. Founded in 1891, it is owned and operated by the Mid-American Union Conference of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is accredited by the Adventist Accrediting Association (AAA) and the Higher Learning Commission. The college is home to the Center for Interfaith Studies and Culture. It is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist education system, the world's second largest Christian school system.
History
L. A. Hoopes and a committee of church leaders, including influential Adventist scholar and administrator W. W. Prescott, came to Lincoln, Nebraska in search of land to establish a college in the Mid-West. In September 1891, Union College opened its doors to students with Prescott serving as its first president. The present-day community of College View grew around the college campus. During the 1920s, the college experienced a difficult period due to the shrinking enrollment and budget deficits. In 1939, former Mayor of Lincoln Don Lathrop Love donated money for the college to build an industrial building and established a life annuity with the college a year later. The 1970s saw major expansion of the college, including the construction of the iconic 100-foot clock tower, Everett Dick Administration Building, the college's lab school George Stone School and College View Church. Founded on barren landscape, the college is the location of the Joshua C. Turner Arboretum, a site of the Nebraska Statewide Arboretum, hosting over 100 species of plants.
The college previously owned the radio station KUCV from its 1974 sign-on until 1989, now the flagship station of NET Radio; the call-sign letters are named after the college.
In athletics, Union College plays as the Warriors and fields a limited number of sports, but is not a member of a major colliege sports associatation, such as the NCAA or NAIA, or smaller Christian athletic associations, existing as an independent school. As such, their teams tend to play against bible colleges, community colleges, and JV teams. The college also host two tournaments each year (one for basketball and one for volleyball) for Seventh-day Adventist high school teams.
Presidents
Union College's presidents have included:
W. W. Prescott (1891–1893)
J. W. Loughhead (1893–1896)
E. B. Miller (1896–1897)
N. W. Kauble (1897–1898)
W. T. Bland (1898–1901)
L. A. Hoopes (1901–1904)
C. C. Lewis (1904–1910)
Frederick Griggs (1910–1914)
H. A. Morrison (1914–1922)
O. M. John (1922–1924)
W. W. Prescott (1924–1925)
Leo Thiel (1925–1928)
P. L. Thompson (1928–1931)
M. L. Andreasen (1931–1938)
A. H. Rulkoetter (1938–1942)
E. E. Cossentine (1942–1946)
R. W. Woods (1946–1950)
H. C. Hartman (1950–1957)
D. J. Bieber (1957–1964)
R. W. Fowler (1964–1970)
R. H. Brown (1970–1973)
M. O. Manley (1973–1980)
Dean L. Hubbard (1980–1984)
Benjamin R. Wygal (1985–1985)
John Wagner (1986–1991)
John Kerbs (1991–1998)
David C. Smith (1998–2011)
John Wagner (2011–2014)
Vinita Sauder (2014–present)
Academics
The college is organized into eight divisions:
Business and Computer Science
Emergency Management and Exercise Science
Fine Arts
Human Development
Humanities
Nursing
Religion
Science & Math
In addition, the college offers a Master of Physician Assistant Studies program.
Notable people
Alumni
Wayne Hooper, gospel music composer
T. R. M. Howard
Rukebai K. Inabo, Senator of Palau
Milton E. Kern, educator
Sandra Pierantozzi, former Vice President of Palau
Chester Wickwire, chaplain, civil rights and peace activist
Faculty
Jonathan M. Butler, historian
Frank Lewis Marsh, biologist, educator
John G. Matteson, minister who brought the Seventh-day Adventist Church to Denmark
C. Mervyn Maxwell, professor of church history and noted figure in the Historic Adventism movement and author of Tell It to the World
Mike Mennard, recording artist, current literature and communications lecturer
See also
List of Seventh-day Adventist colleges and universities
Seventh-day Adventist education
Seventh-day Adventist Church
Seventh-day Adventist theology
History of the Seventh-day Adventist Church
References
External links
Liberal arts colleges in Nebraska
Educational institutions established in 1891
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Education in Lincoln, Nebraska
Clock towers in Nebraska
Buildings and structures in Lincoln, Nebraska
1891 establishments in Nebraska
Private universities and colleges in Nebraska
Matthew Stuart "Matt" Busch (born September 22, 1972) is an American artist and entertainment illustrator.
He is currently a professor of Media and Communication Arts at Macomb Community College. He teaches a range of courses including figure illustration and commercial arts.
Early life
Busch was born in Lebanon, Pennsylvania on September 22, 1972 to Frederick and Peggy Busch. He grew up in the northern suburbs of Detroit, Michigan. After getting an associate degree from Macomb Community College, he moved to Pasadena, California, where he attended the Los Angeles Art Academy, and received a bachelor's degree from the Art Center College of Design. After living in Los Angeles for nearly a decade during the 1990s, Busch eventually returned to the Northern Detroit area where he set up his company, Planetmatt Entertainment, and continues to work on Hollywood projects, via new technology.
He is well known in many different circles of pop culture and fandom as an entertainment illustrator. Mostly known for his work with the Star Wars universe, Busch has provided numerous covers, posters, and other material for the franchise.
Career
Star Wars illustrator
Since 1994, Matt Busch has provided art for official Star Wars books, posters, magazines, and other products. Early in his career, Busch started illustrating products for the Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game and the cover for Star Wars: Tales from the Empire, which became a New York Times Best Seller. One of his more recent projects was illustrating the Style D One Sheet movie poster for Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith.
Busch is perhaps best known for his outspoken antics in the Can Draw Star Wars video series, which is based on the book of the same name, which he also illustrated. The video series was first released online and later released on DVD. Following that, the videos found even more success when they were released on MySpace.com, and shot straight to number one on their charts. Volume Two of the same tutorial series was also released on DVD.
In 2008, Hasbro released a droid action figure named MB-RA-7, which was named after Matt Busch. Also that year, Busch became the first Honorary Member of the 501st Legion of Stormtroopers to become an official member with his own TK Stormtrooper armor.
In October 2009, he created and released Zombie Wars Episode I: The Zombie Menace, Zombie Wars Episode II: Attack of the Undead, Zombie Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Zombies, Zombie Wars Episode IV: A New Epidemic, Zombie Wars Episode V: The Living Dead Strike Back, and Zombie Wars Episode VI: Return from the Grave. A couple of months later, Kohl's department stores re-released an exclusive Boba Fett T-shirt featuring Busch's art.
Pop artist
Busch has contributed to comic books and trading cards, having worked on such properties as Afterburn, Alizarin's Journal, Coven 13, Lady Death, Night of the Living Dead, and Witchblade.
In 2009, Busch was hand-selected to illustrate President Obama for the cover of the DVD documentary, Becoming Barack: Evolution of a Leader. Busch also produced a bonus feature on the DVD.
Filmmaker
Having worked behind the scenes for years in many aspects of movie making, Busch eventually moved into the world of independent filmmaking. In 2006, his first feature-length movie, Conjure was released straight-to-DVD; a project that he wrote, directed, starred in, and even composed the music for. The movie gained critical acclaim and even shattered records in the Horror Genre.
In 2009, Busch released a DVD titled Illustration Nation, a documentary of travel adventures ranging from Hollywood to London to Tokyo.
Busch is currently filming and directing Aladdin 3477 based on the classic Arabian Nights tale Aladdin and his Wonderful Lamp. The movie is set in Asia 1,500 years in the future. It is expected to be released at some point in 2016.
Personal life
Busch married his wife Lin Zy (née Selestow), a puppet designer, on September 18, 2011 in Royal Palm Beach, Florida. They reside in a multiple-studio house in Macomb Township, Michigan with their dog Roxie.
Filmography
Film
Film director
Television
Internet
Published books
Hollywood is Dead, published by Planetmatt Entertainment (2014)
Matt Busch's Sketchbook (Now With 90% More Bad-Ass!), published by Planetmatt Entertainment (December 2010) ()
The Worlds of Matt Busch, published by Hermes Press (April 2008) ()
You Can Draw Star Wars, published by DK Publishing (January 2007) ()
Pucker: The Seductive Art of Matt Busch, published by SQP Publishing (September 2006) ()
Fantastic Visions: The Art of Matt Busch, published by Avatar Press (September 2001) ()
See also
Illustrator
Filmmaking
Storyboarding
References
External links
Matt Busch's official website
Living people
1972 births
American illustrators
People from Lebanon, Pennsylvania
People from Macomb County, Michigan
Laurel County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 62,613. Its county seat is London. After a special election in January 2016 alcohol sales are permitted only in the city limits of London. The ordinance went into effect on March 27, 2016, 60 days after results of the election. Laurel County is included in the London, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Laurel County, the 80th county to be organized in Kentucky, was established by an act of the general assembly, December 21, 1825, from parts of Rockcastle, Clay, Knox and Whitley Counties. Laurel County was named from the Laurel River, noted for dense laurel thickets along its banks.
Laurel County was the location of the Battle of Wildcat Mountain, a pivotal yet little known battle during the American Civil War that kept Confederate armies from advancing on Big Hill, a major stronghold during the war.
After a fire damaged the courthouse in 1958, a new structure was completed in 1961.
The first Kentucky Fried Chicken was started in southern Laurel County by Colonel Harland Sanders just north of Corbin. Nowadays, visitors are welcomed to the original cafe and museum where they can eat at, tour, and learn about the start of the worldwide franchise. Due to the history of chicken in the county, The World Chicken Festival is celebrated every year in London, the county seat, drawing crowds of up to 250,000 people over the four-day festival.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water. Part of Laurel River Lake is in Laurel County.
Adjacent counties
Jackson County (northeast)
Clay County (east)
Knox County (southeast)
Whitley County (south)
McCreary County (southwest)
Pulaski County (west)
Rockcastle County (northwest)
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2020, there were 62,613 people, 22,573 (2015-2019) households, and families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 22,317 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.66% White, 1.63% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.08% from other races, and 0.90% from two or more races. 0.55% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
As of the census of 2010, Laurel County was 97.00% White or European American, 0.3% Native American and 0.7% Black or African American.
There were 20,353 households, out of which 35.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.60% were married couples living together, 11.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.50% were non-families. 21.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 25.40% under 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 30.40% from 25 to 44, 23.50% from 45 to 64, and 11.50% who were 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,015, and the median income for a family was $31,318. Males had a median income of $27,965 versus $19,757 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,165. About 17.80% of families and 21.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.80% of those under age 18 and 20.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like all of the eastern Pennyroyal Plateau and adjacent parts of the Western and Eastern Coalfields, Laurel County was strongly pro-Union during the Civil War. The county – in common with all adjacent areas – has been rock-ribbed Republican ever since. The only Democrats to receive forty percent of the county's vote since then have been Franklin D. Roosevelt in his 1932 landslide and Lyndon Johnson during an equally large landslide in 1964, although with the Republican Party mortally divided Woodrow Wilson did obtain a nine-vote plurality in 1912.*
Education
Two public school districts serve K-12 students in the county:
Laurel County School District — Operates one preschool, 11 elementary schools, two middle schools, and two high schools.
East Bernstadt Independent School District — Operates a single K-8 school. High school students in the district may attend high school in either of the Laurel County district's.
Communities
Cities
Corbin (Mostly in Whitley County; part also in Knox County)
London
Census-designated places
East Bernstadt
North Corbin
Other unincorporated communities
Keavy
Lake
lily
Notable residents
Nationally bestselling author Silas House was born and raised in Laurel County.
Former University of Kentucky basketball star Jeff Sheppard who briefly played in the NBA
2000 ASCAP Songwriter of the Year Darrell Scott, who has written hit songs for the Dixie Chicks, Travis Tritt, Brad Paisley, Patty Loveless, and many others, was born in London.
Chera-Lyn Cook, the first from Southeast Kentucky to win the title of Miss Kentucky. Cook was talent winner and 4th runner-up to Miss America 1999.
Flem D. Sampson, the 42nd governor of the State of Kentucky is from Laurel County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Laurel County, Kentucky
Notes
References
External links
Laurel County History Museum & Genealogy Center
London-Laurel County Tourist Commission
World Chicken Festival
Levi Jackson Wilderness Road Park
1825 establishments in Kentucky
Counties of Appalachia
Kentucky counties
London, Kentucky micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1825
The 3rd Guards Iasi Order of Suvorov Fighter Aviation Corps () was an aviation corps of the Soviet Air Force formed during World War II. The corps was formed in December 1942 as the 4th Fighter Aviation Corps and received Guards status in July 1944. Postwar, the corps was renumbered as the 72nd Guards Fighter Aviation Corps and transferred to the Soviet Air Defense Forces. It was reorganized as an air defense division in 1960.
World War II
The corps headquarters was formed in December 1942 in Moscow Oblast as the 4th Fighter Aviation Corps (IAK). It initially included the 265th and 302nd Fighter Aviation Divisions (IAD) and smaller separate units. The 294th IAD joined the corps in accordance with a 13 December directive and the 265th IAD left it on 8 January 1943. The corps was commanded by Colonel Ivan Podgorny (promoted to major general in March 1943 and lieutenant general in September 1944) for the entire war. Until mid-March 1943 the corps remained in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command, then was transferred to the 2nd Air Army of the Voronezh Front. The corps provided air cover for the ground troops of the front and airfields, escorted aircraft of the 1st Bomber Aviation Corps and the 1st Assault Aviation Corps during raids on the German forces, and flew reconnaissance missions. From the beginning of the Battle of Kursk, the corps took an active part in the air battle in order to gain and maintain air supremacy.
The corps was transferred to the 5th Air Army of the Steppe Front (renamed 2nd Ukrainian Front on 20 October) on 27 July, and fought as part of the 5th Army for the rest of the war. During August and September it participated in the Belgorod–Kharkov offensive and the Battle of the Dnieper. In early 1944, it was involved in the Kirovograd offensive and the Korsun-Shevchenkovsky Offensive. During the Uman–Botoșani offensive, the corps provided air cover for the troops of the front during their breakthrough of the German defenses, the crossing of the Southern Bug, Dniester, and Prut and subsequent offensive operations. For its "demonstrated courage in the battles for the Fatherland with German invaders and the heroism of its personnel," the 4th IAK was redesignated as the 3rd Guards IAK on 2 July 1944. Accordingly, the 294th and 302nd IADs became the 13th and 14th Guards IADs, respectively. During August, the corps fought in the Second Jassy–Kishinev offensive and for distinguishing itself in the capture of Iași received the name of the city as an honorific on 15 September 1944. Due to experience gained during the Battle of the Dnieper, Podgorny attempted to implement fighter tactics employing radar-assisted interception and free hunting tactics as more effective than the standard tactic of permanent patrols, which unnecessarily added more wear to aircraft engines and wasted fuel. However, the permanent patrols had to be retained in order to boost frontline morale as ground troops felt "more confident" being able to see their own fighters on the battlefield.
The 3rd Guards IAK fought in the Debrecen Offensive and the Budapest offensive from October 1944 to February 1945, during which it covered the main forces of the 1st Cavalry Mechanized Group of the 2nd Ukrainian Front. The 6th Guards IAD transferred to the corps in October to become the corps' third division. During the German Balaton offensive, the corps and the fighter units of the 17th Air Army provided air cover for the 3rd Ukrainian Front from German air raids. The corps ended the war in the Vienna offensive in March and April and the Prague offensive in May. Just before the start of the Prague Offensive, on 1 May the corps had a strength of 208 serviceable aircraft and 264 pilots. For its "exemplary fulfillment of command tasks" during the breakthrough of German defenses and the capture of Komarno, Nové Zámky, Šurany, Komjatice, and Vráble, the corps was awarded the Order of Suvorov, 2nd class on 17 May 1945. It was further decorated with the Order of the Red Banner on 4 June 1945 for its role in the capture of Jaroměřice, Znojmo, Hollabrunn, and Stockerau.
During the war, units of the corps flew more than 41,000 combat missions and was credited with destroying more than 2,000 aircraft. Several thousand personnel were decorated and 46 received the title Hero of the Soviet Union.
Cold War
The corps was relocated to Bulgaria and transferred to the 17th Air Army of the Southern Group of Forces on 5 June 1945. It was withdrawn to the 7th Air Army of the Transcaucasian Military District on 29 October 1947 and based in Turkmenistan. The corps was renumbered as the 72nd Guards Fighter Aviation Corps in 1949 and transferred to the Soviet Air Defence Forces (PVO) the next year as part of the 42nd Fighter Air Defense Army. It included the 14th Guards, 238th and 38th IADs while headquartered at Krasnovodsk. The 14th Guards IAD was disbanded in 1958 and its remaining regiments transferred to the 238th IAD. The corps became the 16th Guards Air Defense Division of the Baku Air Defense District in January 1960 during the reorganization of the PVO, incorporating surface to air missile units as well as interceptors.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Corps of the Soviet Union
Fighter aircraft units and formations of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations awarded the Order of the Red Banner
Calanda Bräu (German for "Calanda Brew") is a brewery in Chur, in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland, owned by Heineken N.V. Its lagers, brewed using Alpine spring water, are available across Switzerland.
History
The Calanda Bräu name dates from 1971, as the new name of the Rhätische Aktienbräuerei (itself dating from 1902), which at the time had control over all independent breweries in the Canton of Graubünden. The regional in Winterthur joined in 1989, forming Calanda Haldengut.
In 1993, Calanda Haldengut was acquired by Heineken. After the merger, Heineken moved brewing of Haldengut beer to Chur, and closed the Winterthur brewery. As of 2008, Calanda and Haldengut are both marketed across Switzerland, with a modest national market share of 2.7% each. Beginning in 2013, the brewery also bottles beer from the Heineken-owned in Lucerne; the beer is transported by train to Chur.
See also
Beer in Switzerland
Feldschlösschen, the major competitor brewery owned by Carlsberg
References
External links
Chur
Beer in Switzerland
Swiss brands
Heineken subsidiaries
The Aetos class were four destroyers were originally constructed for the Argentine Navy as the San Luis class. In Greek they are known as the Thiria (, "Wild Beasts") class, after the ships' names. They were purchased by the Royal Hellenic Navy in October 1912 when the Greek government expanded its navy after losing the Greco-Turkish War of 1897 and in anticipation of the Balkan Wars. In December 1916, during World War I, three of the destroyers were seized by France and served in the French Navy until 1918, all except Panthir. They were returned to Greece in 1918. In 1924–1925, they were extensively rebuilt and continued in service into World War II, where they fought with the Allies. Leon was sunk by German aircraft at Suda Bay, Crete. The other three destroyers survived the war and were used as station ships during the Greek Civil War. They were discarded in 1946.
Design
The Aetos class were long overall and at the waterline with a beam of as built. The destroyers had a draught of , a standard displacement of and a fully loaded displacement of . The Aetos class was powered by two Parsons geared turbines turning two shafts and fed steam by five coal-fired White-Forster boilers. The engines were rated at and had a designed speed of . They carried of coal. The destroyers were initially armed with four single-mounted guns and four single-mounted torpedo tubes. They had an initial complement of 90.
Modifications
Significant changes were made between 1924 and 1935, when the ships were reconstructed by J. Samuel White. Four Yarrow oil-fired boilers replaced the coal-fired ones, allowing the number of funnels to be reduced from five to two. One 4-inch gun was moved to a new shelter deck forward of the bridge, allowing four single torpedo tube mountings to be replaced by two triple mountings which were turnable; two 2-pounder anti-aircraft (AA) guns were also added. Two ships were further modified in to carry 40 naval mines. The displacement of the destroyers increased to standard and fully loaded, while their maximum speed increased to .
The three surviving members of the class, Ierax, Panthir and Aetos underwent further modifications. The aft bank of torpedo tubes was replaced by a high-angle gun. Their 4-inch guns were reduced to three, with the 'X' and 'Y' mounts landed for increased depth charge storage. The aft-most gun was replaced by four depth charge throwers. Furthermore, three cannon were added for AA defence and Type 123A asdic was installed. Two single AA guns replaced the 2-pounder guns.
Ships in class
History
The four ships in this class had originally been ordered by Argentina in 1909 from the English shipyard Cammell Laird in Birkenhead as the San Luis class. The four ships were launched in 1911 as San Luis, Santa Fe, Santiago del Estero and Tucumán. They were purchased by Greece for 148,000 pounds each in October 1912, as the outbreak of the First Balkan War was imminent, and renamed Aetos, Ierax, Panthir and Leon respectively.
The ships hoisted the Greek flag and sailed independently from Britain, still manned with Argentine crews, for Algiers. Aetos suffered a breakdown during the voyage and had to be towed to Algiers. There the ships were taken over by Greek crews, carried on the steamer Ionia. Although the ships were completely unknown to the Greeks before then, and all manuals and labels on the ship were in Spanish, within 24 hours all had been made ready to sail and began their voyage to Greece. Within a few days of arriving at the Salamis Naval Base, they were sent to join the main Greek battlefleet at Lemnos, apart from Aetos, which underwent five weeks of repairs. Due to the haste with which the purchase had been made, only limited ammunition for operations was purchased: some 3,000 shells for the ships' guns, and no torpedoes. As a result, during the First Balkan War, the ships served and were designated as "scout ships" (ανιχνευτικά) rather than destroyers (αντιτορπιλικά).
In December 1916, the French Navy landed troops near Athens to put pressure on the royal government of King Constantine I of Greece during the Greek "National Schism". After French troops were ambushed by Greeks, French naval ships fired upon the city. In retaliation for the series of events, France seized several Greek vessels, including three destroyers of the Aetos class. Aetos, Ierax and Leon were seized by France in December 1916 and placed in service with the French Navy. In French service, the ships had a complement of 102. They served with the French Navy in 1917–1918, primarily in an anti-submarine capacity. Following some objections by senior French naval officers, the Aetos class were officially returned to the Greek Navy in 1917. However, due to a shortage of trained Greek personnel and that they were refitting in French naval yards, there was a delay in the actual handover. In 1918, the four destroyers, alongside the cruiser , joined the British Royal Navy's Aegean Squadron at Mudros.
Following the end of World War I, the four destroyers were extensively refitted in 1924–1925, undergoing further modifications in 1931. In World War II, after the Axis invasion of Greece, the four ships served with the Allies. Leon was damaged by German aircraft on 22 May 1941 and sunk at Suda Bay, Crete on 15 May 1941. The remaining three were refitted in Madras, Calcutta and Port Sudan during 1941 and 1942. Ierax, Panthir and Aetos remained in service until 1945, serving under British Royal Navy control. In 1944–1945 they were made station ships. The three destroyers were discarded in 1946 following the war.
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Naval History
Exploradores de 1912 - Astillero Laird Brothers (accessed 2017-02-04)
Destroyer classes
Rabbi Aharon Feldman (born 1932) is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi and rosh yeshiva (dean) of Yeshivas Ner Yisroel (Ner Israel Rabbinical College) in Baltimore, Maryland. He has held this position since 2001. He is also a member of the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah (Council of Torah Sages).
Biography
Rabbi Aharon Feldman is the son of Rabbi Joseph Feldman (died 1993), a native of Warsaw and scion of a rabbinical family. Rabbi Josef H. Feldman served as a rabbi in Manchester, New Hampshire in the 1930s, but left that post to assume the helm of Baltimore's Franklin Street Synagogue so his sons could attend a Hebrew day school. He was the last rabbi to formally serve as chief rabbi of Baltimore. Rabbi Aharon Feldman has two brothers; his elder brother, Rabbi Emanuel Feldman, was the prominent spiritual leader of Congregation Beth Jacob of Atlanta, Georgia for 40 years. His younger brother, Rabbi Joel Feldman, was a former dean of Talmudical Academy of Baltimore.
Rabbi Feldman was born and raised in Baltimore, where he attended the Talmudical Academy and Ner Yisroel, becoming a close disciple of Rosh Yeshiva, Rabbi Yitzchak Ruderman. Afterwards he taught in several yeshivas in New York. He has dual citizenship to both Israel and America, and is in line for a position as MK in the Israeli parliament in the Degal HaTorah party.
In 1961 Rabbi Feldman and his wife Leah made aliyah with their family to Israel in order to raise their eight children in a more religious environment. They lived in Bnei Brak for 12 years and relocated to Jerusalem in 1973. Rabbi Feldman served as one of the Rosh Yeshivas of Ohr Somayach Yeshiva for many years, and also founded Yeshiva Be'er HaTorah in Jerusalem in the early 1990s.
In 2001 Rabbi Feldman accepted the request of Ner Yisroel to serve as its Rosh Yeshiva.
In 2005, he was one of 15 Jewish educators invited to an informal discussion on Jewish education in the White House's Roosevelt Room.
Rabbi Feldman serves on the Moetzes Gedolai Hatorah of America.[11]
Public positions
In 1994, Rabbi Feldman spoke publicly against the actions of Baruch Goldstein saying that there could be "no justification", and describing the actions as "way beyond the pale".
In 2003, in response to a question from Gil Student, Feldman issued a ruling regarding Chabad messianists. He drew a distinction between what he terms the "meshichists" (those who believe the late Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson is the messiah) and the "elokists" (those who believe he was a part of God or God "clothed in a body"). He ruled that it is forbidden to associate with elokists under any circumstances due to their heresy and that they cannot be counted for a minyan, stating that most Chabad adherents do not fall under that category. Regarding the meshichists, he determined that while their beliefs do not make them heretics, it is forbidden to conduct any action which would be seen as lending credence to their messianic beliefs.
Feldman has penned a lengthy critical review of the Steinsaltz Talmud. Among many criticisms, he writes, "Specifically, the work is marred by an extraordinary number of inaccuracies stemming primarily from misreadings of the sources; it fails to explain those difficult passages which the reader would expect it to explain; and it confuses him with notes which are often irrelevant, incomprehensible, and contradictory." Feldman says he fears that, "An intelligent student utilizing the Steinsaltz Talmud as his personal instructor might in fact conclude that Talmud in general is not supposed to make sense." Furthermore, writes Feldman, the Steinsaltz Talmud gives off the impression that the Talmud is intellectually flabby, inconsistent, and often trivial.
In 2005, he wrote a critique of Rabbi Natan Slifkin, explaining and defending the 2004 ban issued against Slifkin's books.
Feldman has been an opponent of Open Orthodoxy. He argues that "The basis of Orthodox Judaism is a belief in the Divine origin of both the Oral and Written Torah. Yeshivat Chovevei Torah's leaders or their graduates have said clearly or implicitly on many occasions that they do not accept that the Torah was authored by Hashem, that parts of the Torah can be excised, and that the Oral Law was developed by Rabbis to adjust the Written Torah to the realities of the time that they lived in. This basic philosophy is what writes them out of Orthodox Jewry."
Rav Feldman has written and spoken strongly against the ideology of Zionism. In a letter to R. Aharon Lichtenstein, He quoted their mutual Rebbe, Rav Yitzhok Hutner as saying that Zionism is "pure apikorsus."He also quoted R. JB Soloveitchik (R. Lichtenstein's father in law) as saying Leumius (Zionism) is Apikorsus.
In 2020, Rav Feldman gave the keynote address at the Annual Agudah Convention. He spoke about the fact that the Eretz Hakodesh slate joining the WZO violated what a century of Gedolei Torah (from the Chofetz Chaim to Rav Elyashiv) warned Torah Jews not to do. He asserted that alleged support for the project from Rav Chaim was not true. He stated that all of the reasons the Gedolim had for not joining in with the Zionist organization still held today. Among the reasons he gave is that in order to join one had to agree to the kfirah of the Jerusalem program, and that by joining with reform and other groups it seems like a legitimization of those groups, which are strictly forbidden. He described the kefirah of Zionism as a dismantling of the Torah by making the land, language, and culture central to the Jewish People as opposed to only the Torah.
Selected bibliography
Mishnah Berurah: The Classic Commentary to Shulchan Aruch Orach Chayim, Comprising the Laws of Daily Jewish Conduct (editor, Hebrew-English edition, 12 volumes)
Yad L'Peah on Maseches Peah (1967) (Book Review in HaPardes; digital edition of Yad L'Peah at the Ner Israel Archive).
External links
Article in Yeshurun Journal regarding Vilna Gaon's attempt to travel to Israel
Torah Article in Yeshurun Journal
References
American Haredi rabbis
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Rosh yeshivas
Israeli Rosh yeshivas
Rabbis of Ohr Somayach
Yeshivas Ner Yisroel
Religious leaders from Baltimore
People from Jerusalem
1932 births
Living people
Rabbis from Maryland
Anti-Zionist Haredi rabbis
Alopecia is the second studio album by American band Why?. It was released by Anticon on March 11, 2008.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, Alopecia received an average score of 76% based on 21 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Pitchfork placed "Fatalist Palmistry" at number 94 on the "100 Best Tracks of 2008" list.
Sampling
"The Fall of Mr. Fifths" samples dialogue spoken by Will Oldham in the film Old Joy.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Yoni Wolf – music, production, mixing, artwork
Josiah Wolf – music, production, mixing
Doug McDiarmid – music
Andrew Broder – music
Mark Erickson – music
Doseone – additional contributions
Jel – additional contributions
Odd Nosdam – additional contributions
Nedelle Torrisi – additional contributions
Paul Flynn – additional contributions
Liz Hodson – additional contributions
Andrew McDiarmid – additional contributions
Deborah Ranker – additional contributions
Jeremy Ylvisaker – additional contributions
Dee Kesler – additional contributions, mixing
Tom Herbers – recording
Eli Crews – mixing
Mike Wells – mastering
Sam Flax Keener – layout
Charts
References
External links
2008 albums
Why? (American band) albums
Anticon albums
Calvin Heeter (born November 2, 1988) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender. He most recently played with the Orlando Solar Bears in the ECHL while under contract with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL). He played in one game for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 2013–14 season.
Playing career
Heeter played high school hockey for Christian Brothers College High School in St. Louis, Missouri. He led CBC to Mid-States High School Championships as the backup goaltender in 2004 and as the starting goaltender in 2005. He played high school hockey for three years at CBC, leaving the program during his senior year to play tier II junior hockey for the Wichita Falls Wildcats of the North American Hockey League (NAHL) for the 2006-07 season. He returned to St. Louis following one season with the Wildcats, and he finished his senior year of high school at Ritenour High School. After high school graduation, Heeter spent the 2007–08 season with the St. Louis Bandits, also of the NAHL.
Heeter spent four years playing hockey for the Ohio State Buckeyes of the NCAA. After spending four years with the team, Heeter signed a two-year entry level contract with the Flyers on March 6, 2012. Heeter played the bulk of his two years with the Flyers organization playing for the Adirondack Phantoms, their affiliate. On April 13, 2014, Heeter made his one and only appearance in net for the NHL team in a 6-5 shootout loss to the Carolina Hurricanes.
Following the 2013-14 season, the Flyers did not make a qualifying offer to Heeter and as a result he became an unrestricted free agent on July 1, 2014. He signed a one-year contract with the Evansville Icemen of the ECHL on October 8, 2014.
After beginning the season with the IceMen, Heeter played with the Toronto Marlies on a professional try-out contract before signing for the remainder of the season abroad with Croatian club, KHL Medveščak Zagreb, of the Russian Kontinental Hockey League on November 10, 2014.
He also started the 2015–16 season with the Zagreb team and moved to Germany in October 2015, inking a deal with the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) for the remainder of the season. He saw the ice in 24 DEL contests for Hamburg, posting an 11–8–0 record, with a 3.00 GAA and a .900 save percentage. The Freezers organization folded after the 2015–16 season.
On July 25, 2016, Heeter signed a one-year contract with the Grand Rapids Griffins, the AHL affiliate of the Detroit Red Wings.
On August 17, 2017, Heeter signed a one-year contract as a free agent in a return with the Toronto Marlies, the AHL affiliate of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
International play
Heeter attended the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Team USA, but he did not play as the team claimed a bronze medal.
He was selected to play for Team USA at the 2015 Deutschland-Cup.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
See also
List of players who played only one game in the NHL
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
American men's ice hockey goaltenders
Adirondack Phantoms players
Evansville IceMen players
Grand Rapids Griffins players
Hamburg Freezers players
Ice hockey players from St. Louis
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Ohio State Buckeyes men's ice hockey players
Orlando Solar Bears (ECHL) players
Philadelphia Flyers players
Toledo Walleye players
Toronto Marlies players
Trenton Titans players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Wichita Falls Wildcats players
Omloop der Kempen is an elite men's and women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Veldhoven, Netherlands. Since 1995, the men's event is UCI 1.2 rated and is part of the UCI Europe Tour. Since 1997 there is also a women's event. The women's race also had the names GP Van der Heijden and GP Sankomij Veldhoven.
Honours
Men
Source
Women
Source
References
External links
Cycle races in the Netherlands
Women's road bicycle races
Recurring sporting events established in 1948
1948 establishments in the Netherlands
Men's road bicycle races
Cycling in North Brabant
Sport in Veldhoven
Rita Kapfhammer (born 9 February 1964) is a German opera, operetta, concert and lieder singer mezzo-soprano-alto.
Life
Born in Bad Tölz, Kapfhammer grew up in Bad Heilbrunn. She attended the Erzbischöfliches St.-Ursula-Gymnasium Schloss Hohenburg Lenggries and then initially trained as a hotel manager. From 1988 to 1995 she studied singing with Reri Grist and Jan-Hendrik Rootering as well as in the Lied class with Helmut Deutsch and in the Oratorio class with Diethard Hellmann at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München.
Kapfhammer was a member of the ensemble at Theater Ulm from 1997 to 2007, where she sang roles such as Santuzza (Cavalleria rusticana), Jane Seymour (Anna Bolena), Amneris (Aida), Dalila (Samson et Dalila), Adalgisa (Norma), Suzuki (Madama Butterfly), Azucena (Il trovatore), Josepha Vogelhuber (Im weißen Rößl), Dolly Gallagher (Hello, Dolly! ), Leokadja Begbick (Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny) and Mrs. Lovett (Sweeney Todd).
This was followed by an engagement as an ensemble member at the Staatstheater am Gärtnerplatz from 2007 to 2012, where she made her debut as Marcellina (the marriage of Figaro) and Carmen) Other roles included Marzelline (Il barbiere di Siviglia), Frau Reich (The Merry Wives of Windsor), Third Lady (the magic flute), Gertrud (Hänsel and Gretel), Nancy (Martha) and Pamela (Fra Diavolo).
She has made guest appearances at the Opera Baltica in Gdansk, the Mallorca Festival, the Theater Koblenz, the Staatstheater Nürnberg, the Meiningen Court Theatre, the Theater Regensburg and the Historisches Stadttheater Weißenhorn. Since 2012, she has been an ensemble member at the Anhaltisches Theater in Dessau.
Zudem ist Kapfhammer auch als Konzert- und Liedsängerin tätig. Sie konzertierte u. a. in der Berliner Philharmonie, in Herkulessaal, im Bayerisches Nationalmuseum, and in the in Illertissen. She sang in the Messiah by Händel, in Bach's St John and St Matthew Passion, the Mass in B minor, as well as in the Christmas Oratorio by J. S. Bach, in Dvořák's Stabat Mater, Beethoven's Missa Solemnis and Frank Martin's Golgatha.
External links
Rita Kapfhammer on Operabase
Rita Kapfhammer on the website of the Anhaltisches Theater
References
German operatic mezzo-sopranos
1964 births
Living people
People from Bad Tölz
Ammaye Navvithe () is a 2001 Telugu-language comedy film produced by V. Anand Prasad under the Sudha Art Productions banner and directed by V. Jyoti Kumar. It stars Rajendra Prasad, Bhavana and music composed by M. M. Srilekha. The film was recorded as a flop at the box office.
Plot
Sundaram (Rajendra Prasad) is an unemployed guy in the village of Talamanchi, ruled by Seshadri Naidu (Ranganath), a feudal-era chieftain of his tribute. There is a Hindi lecturer post vacant in the college of Naidu and Sundaram wants that. Naidu is a glorified ruffian, and his protectiveness towards women actually makes it seem like a vice. He banishes people from the village for helping young lovers unite, makes college students start with an oath every day that all women are their sisters, pronounces the death sentence on men who attempt to outrage women, and generally makes himself look like some sort of extremist. Sundaram gets the job by some clever manipulation and then does the unthinkable; he starts wooing Sireesha (Bhavana), a very intelligent girl, the daughter of Naidu. He thinks that whoever woos her deserves her, and you lose your last shred of sympathy for Sundaram. Of course, Naidu finds out Sundaram's designs and issues him an ultimatum, that if in 15 days he cannot get Sirisha to say I Love You, he'll be dead. The remaining story is whether Sundaram will be successful in gaining Sirisha's love.
Cast
Rajendra Prasad as Sundaram
Bhavana as Sirisha
Ranganath as Seshadri Naidu
Ahuti Prasad
Brahmanandam as D. D.
M. S. Narayana as Principal
L. B. Sriram
Prasad Babu
Navabharat Balaji
Tirupati Prakash
Gowtham Raju
Kallu Chidambaram as Bus Conductor
Satti Babu
Jaya Sudha as Rajeswari
Rama Prabha
Siva Parvathi
Delhi Rajeswari
Sana
Shobha Rani
Alapati Lakshmi
Soundtrack
Music composed by M. M. Srilekha. Music released on TIPS Music Company.
References
External links
2000s Telugu-language films
"Do You Get Enough Love" is a 1986 R&B ballad by The Jones Girls vocalist, Shirley Jones. The single was a number-one hit on the U.S. R&B chart for two weeks. "Do You Get Enough Love" was written by Bunny Sigler and produced by Sigler and Kenny Gamble.
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Philadelphia International Records singles
Contemporary R&B ballads
Songs written by Bunny Sigler
Le Laboureur may refer to:
People with the surname
Claude Le Laboureur (1601–1680s), French Roman Catholic clergyman and historian
Jean Le Laboureur (1621–1675), French courtier, Roman Catholic clergyman and historian
Louis Le Laboureur (1615–1679), French poet
The Telus Open was a golf tournament that was held in the Greater Montreal area in Quebec, Canada. First held in 2000 as the QuebecTel Open, it had one of the largest purses on the Canadian Tour and the biggest on the Quebec PGA Tour. It was held for the final time in 2002.
All three editions of the Telus sponsored tournament resulted in a tie at the end of the 72-holes of regulation play, necessitating sudden-death playoffs to determine the winners.
Winners
References
Former PGA Tour Canada events
Golf tournaments in Quebec
Recurring sporting events established in 2000
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2002
2000 establishments in Quebec
2002 disestablishments in Quebec
Nick Marino is managing editor at Paste magazine and a former pop music critic at the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. In addition to Paste and the AJC, his work has appeared in several other music entertainment publications, including Entertainment Weekly, Spin and CMJ.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Atlanta
American music critics
Sclerodoris tanya is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1971
The Hudson River Museum, located in Trevor Park in Yonkers, New York, is the largest museum in Westchester County. The Yonkers Museum, founded in 1919 at City Hall, became the Hudson River Museum in 1948. While often considered an art museum by the public, due to the extensive collection of Hudson River School paintings, the museum also features exhibits on the history, science and heritage of the region.
History
Founded in 1919 as the Yonkers Museum, the facility was also known as the Yonkers Museum of Science and the Arts, prior to being named the Hudson River Museum. The museum originally contained a number of mineral specimens housed in Yonkers City Hall. Photographer Rudolf Eickemeyer Jr., a lifelong resident of Yonkers, played a key role in the creation of the museum, as did sculptor Isidore Konti,
Central to its history is the Glenview Mansion, a house built in 1877 from a design by American architect Charles W. Clinton, and once the home of one John Bond Trevor. Home of the museum for 45 years from 1929, the house now forms a large part of the Hudson River Museum. It contains six period rooms displaying furniture and decor from that era. In 1972 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums, a mark of excellence it has maintained since 1974. The rooms on public display feature carved woodwork by Philadelphia cabinetmaker Daniel Pabst.
In 1979, artist Red Grooms created and installed "The Bookstore" at Hudson River Museum, where it is on permanent display.
The museum is the home of the Andrus Planetarium, the only public planetarium in Westchester County. It added the planetarium in 1969 to celebrate the beginning of the Space Age and the increasing interest in space. The planetarium was one part of the museum's expansion throughout the 1960s, which also included the construction of larger and more modern facilities to house its collections, followed by the restoration of the ground floor of the Glenview house to its 19th-century condition. The planetarium and its laser shows are credited with driving the museum's 30% increase in attendance in the early 1990s.
The museum's diversity is part of what led to its citation as one of the most unusual cultural facilities by the New York State Council on the Arts in 1972. It has sought to maintain this diversity amidst changes in leadership and focus throughout its history. The diversity is apparent in the museum's site, on which a 2006 expansion attempted to better join the Glenview Mansion with the modern 1969 additions.
The museum used its namesake, the Hudson River, as the core of its 75th anniversary celebration in 1994. It celebrated its centennial in 2019.
In March 2014, the museum completed a renovation of the planetarium and installed a new Megastar which is capable of displaying up to 22 million stars compared to its Zeiss projector which displayed up to 5,000 stars.
Since 1995 the museum has offered a Junior Docent Program; the program was recognized by the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities with a Coming Up Taller Award in 2008.
In November 2020, the museum broke ground on an expansion project, adding a wing to the campus. The new wing will house special exhibition space, a 100-seat auditorium, an interior sculpture garden, and art storage space, also allowing the museum to display more of its permanent collection.
In popular culture
The museum's Glenview Mansion appears in HBO's series The Gilded Age, an American historical drama television series created by Julian Fellowes, which premiered in January 2022.
Funding
The late 1980s was a difficult time for the Hudson River Museum when it faced a decrease in funding, uncertainties in future funding, and a high level of staff turnover. The museum was forced to reduce its operating hours and cut some programming, but was able to expand the planetarium. The facility experienced a resurgence in the 1990s, received a number of grants and awards, saw increased funding from Westchester County, and was able to expand in time for its 75th anniversary. The museum also saw its attendance almost double from 55,000 to 100,000 between 1990 and 1994. The late 1990s saw a downturn in funding and the museum was again forced to face significant cutbacks. In the wake of these cutbacks, the museum began to host private events and offer tours, particularly to groups of school children, as a means of increasing income.
References
External links
Hudson River Museum
Art museums and galleries in New York (state)
Hudson River
Buildings and structures in Yonkers, New York
Historic house museums in Westchester County, New York
Museums in Westchester County, New York
Natural history museums in New York (state)
Planetaria in the United States
Culture of Yonkers, New York
Government buildings completed in 1877
Art museums established in 1919
1919 establishments in New York (state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1969
Brutalist architecture in New York (state)
